



By Chistie Rich

* * * * 
Smashwords Edition
* * * *

Dreamscape
Netherworld Book I
Copyright © 2013 by Christie L. Rich
Edited by Kristina Circelli 
Cover Art by Amber McNemar
Formatting by JT Formatting

Published by Tarser Publishing
ISBN-13: 

All rights reserved. This book is protected under the copyright laws of the United States of America. Any reproduction or other unauthorized use of the material or artwork herein is prohibited. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, digital, mechanical, photographing, screen-capturing, recording, or otherwise, or delivered via the Internet or a web site without prior written consent of the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations for the purpose of critical articles and reviews, or as is provided explicitly by the sharing features of this application.
This is a work of fiction. Any references to historical events; to real people, living or dead; or to real locales are intended only to give the fiction a sense of reality and authenticity. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and their resemblance, if any, to real-life counterparts is entirely coincidental
Discover other titles by Christie Rich at Smashwords.

Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the author's work.
Table of Contents

Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Acknowledgments
About the Author
A Message from the Author
Authors I Enjoy Reading
To every reader who takes a chance on my books. I am so thankful for you! 
May your lives be full of blessings and happiness, and may you be blessed to live many lives through the books you read. I know I do.







Varner’s voice cuts through the front door just before three juddering bangs reach me. “I know you’re in there, Amelia. If you’re not gone by eight, I’m coming in.” His voice lowers, probably to avoid wandering ears. My spine stiffens more with each word. “You’d better be ready for me if you decide to stay.”
I’ve already packed my stuff. Pitiful as it is, one beat-up suitcase sits by the door.
“Amelia!”
I turn up the volume on my MP3 player until it won’t go any higher, clutching Justine’s picture to my chest. “Yeah!” I yell, my voice tight with anger. Hot tears cut a path down my cheeks. I scrub them away before they can slide any farther. To take my mind off the pit in my stomach, I grit my teeth until my jaw hurts. I need more time, but I’m not about to give Varner what he wants for it. “I got it. Go! Away!” I pull one bud out of my ear to make sure he’s leaving.
He says something about not signing leases with old ladies before his voice fades into nothing. The lecher thinks he’s got me.
Ha. No one has me, especially not him. And to think I used to consider him cute.
When I told Varner ‘no’ earlier, he didn’t exactly take me at my word, until I landed a good hit to his jugular. He shoved me down, and I let him go. On his way out he made no pretense about eyeing what’s left of Justine’s china doll collection. The minute he was through the door, I smashed the majority of them rather than have him get his hands on them. I really don’t have room, but I couldn’t destroy her favorite. She said it looked just like me.
I sold everything else to make last month’s rent, but I ran out of time with the dolls. I was hoping for a collector.
It doesn’t matter now.
Even though I’ve tried to pick up extra shifts at the diner, tips have been awful. I have two hundred bucks in my account, which Varner is not getting a penny of. I need everything I have to find a place to live. The reality of the moment sets in. This is my final night in Justine’s apartment.
The shabby place shouldn’t mean anything to me, but it still smells like her. She had this sweet perfume that she liked to slather on. I got used to it after a while. She wasn’t exactly old, either. Varner’s just too strung out to know the difference. He doesn’t even own the place, but he’s way better to deal with than his psychotic uncle, who likes to call me his chipmunk when nobody else is looking. One way or another, I’ll be out of here by six.
Justine used to say, “Stay sharp, kid. No one knows when their time’s up.” Well, she sure didn’t. Justine was my grandma. She died last month at only fifty-eight. She didn’t even get a lousy funeral. They stuck her in a furnace and handed me her remains. I took her up Provo canyon to Sundance and watched her float away on the wind. The cremation was expensive enough that I couldn’t afford a separate plot for her. I couldn’t have brought myself to visit the cemetery anyway. Besides, we all crumble to dust one way or another. She is better off flying.
No matter what my life becomes, Justine saved me from tumbling around the foster system. I had a few years of stable, and I’ll never forget what she did for me. She helped me to see there are other ways of living. Although we didn’t have much to live on, we were never short on love.
I miss her fiercely. If she were here, she’d tell me to get over it, so I’m trying.
Thank my lucky stars she waited until I got my diploma to ditch me; although, I’m not quite sure how it’ll help me now. I’m alone in this world.
My mom only made it to twenty-one before she overdosed on crack. My dad lasted to a ripe old age of thirty. He got killed in some weird accident when I was twelve. I never saw him anyway, so my life hasn’t been much different since he bit it. As far as I know, he was short on family too. If he does have family stashed somewhere on this planet, I probably wouldn’t want to know them. He never did a thing for me, so why would they?
Justine was my ticket to normal, and she left me with no money, no prospects—unless you count the hazy offer I got from Roberto.
I hang out with him when I have nothing else to do. When I told him the news he graciously asked me to share his pad under the viaduct. I gave him a swift ‘no thank you’ even though I should have told him not even if I weren’t half his age and he had most of his teeth. I couldn’t hurt his feelings like that. One day, once I’m settled and he’s still around, I’m going to do something to help him.
If I hadn’t just turned eighteen I might have found somewhere to camp in the foster system for a while. As horrible of a thought as it is, being homeless is probably better than wading through families until one stuck or I got kicked out again.
With nothing else to do, I try to sleep. Try is the operative word. Ever since my grandma went, I can’t seem to stay in slumberland. It doesn’t help that I haven’t seen Jason, either.
Although Jason is a figment of my imagination, he’s helped me through some rough times. I’ve dreamt of him every night for nearly four years now, at least I used to. I haven’t had that particular dream in two weeks, and as stupid as it is, I miss him. After Justine died, he held me on the grass while I cried, listening to the beat of his heart and the thrum of the waterfall behind us. I’ve wished him alive or that I could join him in that place for good so many times. I cry every time I wake up without him.
Maybe it’s for the best that he’s gone. Dreams aren’t real, and a dream boyfriend can’t help me find a new place to live.
I shift onto my side, adjusting my pillow, trying not to think about the dingy beige carpet under my arms. It prickles my skin, but everything else is gone. Even if I hadn’t already packed the one I kept, it’s too hot for a blanket.
Focusing on the beat of the music, I sway, Justine’s picture lying beside me, and will myself to sleep. Somewhere between my thoughts about tomorrow and dawn I drift away.

My dreams shift and whirl until my mind rests in the familiar oasis I’ve sought out for years. Finally.
The afternoon sun warms my moistened skin as I take in the jagged cliffs in front of me and the thick jungle that surrounds the pool, trying to locate him. The breeze brings an intoxicating aroma of tropical blooms. Every time I come here, I’m wet, yet I don’t know how I got that way. “Jason?” I call.
No answer.
Where is he?
My teeth clamp onto the inside of my upper lip. I’ve never been away from the water, but I need to find him. He has to be here.
If nothing else, I’d like to tell him goodbye…thank you. I have no idea if I’ll see him again, and his absence presses in on me. This world is not right without him.
The cool grass bends under my bare feet while a breeze blows wet tendrils into my eyes. I glance up at the falls. Last time I was here, Jason dared me to dive from the top of the waterfall. Here, I can do anything. Fear is meaningless, or is it? Strangely, tension prickles my spine.
A foreign tremor rushes along my skin, leaving a trail of goose bumps in its wake. I scan every inch of the landscape until my eyes meet someone else’s gaze.
It is not Jason.
The man is tall with dark hair like Jason, but everything else about him is wrong. He’s standing twenty feet away from me at the edge of the jungle. The wind picks up, blowing his brown locks around his chiseled features.
As he steps closer, I glance behind me to the pool, judging the distance. I should be able to get away from him if I need to.
When I face him again, he’s standing directly in front of me. My heart explodes and my body coils to run.
He doesn’t move to touch me, but his eyes hold a warning his lips confirm. “We have no time. He’s coming for you. Learn all you can then find me. Prepare yourself!”

I jolt upright, my fingers digging into the carpet. I’m breathing so hard I have to wait a minute to stand up. What the hell kind of dream was that?
Somehow, I always thought the oasis was mine and Jason’s, as if no one else existed but us. That guy violated our sanctuary. A gusty laugh comes out of me from the thought. A dream man violated my dream. His warning still echoes in my throbbing veins.
A bit unsteady, I make my way into the kitchen. My fingers fumble for the light switch, but nothing happens when I flip it. Yeah, I forgot. The power was shut off yesterday. At least the water still works.
I hope.
Clutching my cup, I fiddle with the sink until I finally get the knob to twist. The tepid water eases my dry throat, but it does nothing for my nerves, or my belly. It groans at me again. I’m going to have to eat soon, even if I have to check the dumpsters behind Fred’s Bakery. There’s no point in checking the fridge. I found the final remnants of food the day before last. For not the first time, I wonder what I’m going to do when tomorrow comes. Two hundred dollars aren’t enough for anything. Even if I use it only for food, it will disappear before I get paid again, and that’s assuming I don’t get canned for not having a mailing address.
Even though it’s three AM, I’m gonna head out. I have a lot to do today, and since I can’t sleep, I might as well get started. When I find the faucet again and shut it off, my ears prickle with an unwelcome noise.
A door creeks open and I stiffen where I stand.
Varner.
All I’ve got to defend myself are my fists, my feet and my plastic cup. My knife is in my bag. Light from the living room filters through the doorway. He probably thinks he’s gonna blind me with his flashlight so he can get his greedy hands on me. Not in this lifetime.
I inch my way to the doorway and peek around it. What meets my gaze doesn’t make any sense.
A man stands opposite me, framed by the closet. His big body could never be mistaken for that of Varner Walsh.
The light behind him comes from a roaring fire that somehow spans forever. Orange flames dance and flicker, casting his face in shadow while haloing him in gold.
I’m dreaming. I have to be.
I’ve had some weird ones lately, but nothing has been as real as this. When I dig my nails into my palms, the dream theory disintegrates with the pain.
Maybe he’s a fireman, but where’s the smoke? Why aren’t the flames burning anything? Where’s his gear? He’s wearing a suit for hell’s sake.
His face turns as if he’s scanning the room, so I take the opportunity to scurry to the opposite wall.
My pulse pounds in my ears and sweat drips down my back. From here, the front door is four, maybe five lunges away. If he goes into the bedroom, I might be able to—
“Amelia?” he calls, his deep voice somehow familiar.
That’s impossible. I don’t know him, but even if I did I wouldn’t stick around. Who told this guy I was here? He can’t be with Child Protective Services. I no longer qualify. My mind flits back to the weird fire. I’m not sticking around to figure out his magic act.
I make my move, jetting through the near-empty living room. My fingers fumble with the bolt before I move for the lock on the knob. I’m taking too long. He’s going to—
Arms clamp around me, hauling me up against a wall of muscle. The shock nearly makes me pee myself. My mouth opens on a scream, but he whirls me around and tosses me over his shoulder, cutting off my air.
I kick and punch and bite into cloth. He twists around, making my head spin on delirium.
I scream for help, but my throat thickens immediately. I struggle to breathe. I can’t think.
He bends until my face is right over his rear end, but he stands up before I can sink my teeth into anything substantial. As if he’s getting comfortable, he jostles me around. My pulse quickens while my head hurts from the rush of blood and fear. When he moves toward the closet, I find my voice.
“Help!” I scream, kicking and punching against his hard muscles.
No one answers as he plunges us into the flames.
I expect death, but what I get is deposited on my rear end in a spacious room with a wall of fire at my back. My eyes sweep the perimeter of what looks like an upscale apartment with a bed tucked in one corner and a living area in front of me. The dark paneled walls lend an old world feel that is only mirrored by the heavy furnishings. There are rich velvets and leather. Even the air is different. Instead of Justine’s sweet scent, a dark musk fills the space.
How is this possible? We were just in my hall closet.
The man steps away from me. His chest lifts with each sharp breath he takes.
The flames should have fried me, but I’m here. I have to be dreaming. The only thing is, I don’t quite think I am. It’s absurd to think that, but the heat from the fire wall has intensified now that the guy is standing away from me. Sweat drips down my scalp and my shirt clings to my back. I’m going to have to move soon.
The only thing is I don’t know what this guy will do. I turn my head and look through the flames, but all I see is a huge pendulum, like from a clock, swinging back and forth.
All of the sudden the flames disappear and all that remains is a crevice that runs the length of what should be a wall. The pendulum is easier to see now, at least the lower half. The upper part of it is cut off by the ceiling. Only darkness lies beyond the fire pit, like it opens into a cavern.
This has got to be the strangest place I’ve ever seen.
“I know you must be frightened,” says the man. “I’m sorry about that. I have much to explain to you. Would you please join me on the sofa?”
“As if,” I tell him. Even though I’m still thinking this has to be a dream, I ask, “Who are you? What is this place? Why am I here?”
His voice comes out low, guttural. “You don’t remember me?”
“I’ve never seen you in my life.”
Intense blue eyes latch onto mine. “Things are not always what they appear, Amelia.”
This is a dream. He’s a figment of my imagination.
A smile stretches on his full lips. “In time, all will be revealed.”
He takes a step toward me and I jump to my feet. I move back and back until my feet are near the pit. Even this close, I can’t see what’s beyond it.
“Stay away from me,” I tell him.
He spreads his hands, but his eyes are wild. Veins on his forearms bulge as he puts his hands in his pockets. “Please. Let me explain.”
I nod, taking a seat on the floor again. There is no way I’m getting anywhere near him, dream or not.



Not much surprises me anymore.
This girl does.
She is delicate in every sense of the word, except in her bold stare. Instead of cowering in the corner pleading for her life, she hugs her knees to her chest and watches me.
I watch her in return, hoping she really is the one I’ve been searching for, hoping she can free me from my prison. After a long while she lowers her face, not out of fear or rage; it is indifference I catch in her smoky green eyes. If I didn’t know her, the performance might be convincing.
Although she has seen me every night in her dreams for the past few years, no recognition lingers in her expression. To be fair, I did not reveal my true form to her, but I somehow imagined she would recognize my energy, our connection at the very least.
Despite the calm exterior she presents, her heartbeat thuds through her chest like a bird trapped in a cage. I stare, fascinated, as a single drop of sweat escapes her dark hair and traces a line down her forehead—the only outward hint of her reaction to her fiery surroundings, or is it to me?
I keep my distance from her, not trusting myself to be close to her at the moment. I haven’t had the pleasure of real company for thousands of years. My body vibrates from her nearness even though she is ten feet from me. My mind can’t stop spinning with wanting her and her intoxicating scent has me flying on a cloud of dizziness. I’ve never experienced a Sibylline this potent.
I cannot take my eyes from her; yet, something about her draws me nearer that has nothing to do with the fine outward shell she dons. Even in her dreams, she was extraordinary.
Unfortunately, dreams do not always represent well the dreamer. I never truly know who I have until the recruit is in my domain. One of my first recruits was actually a man who only appeared as a woman in his dreams. Since that mistake, I have learned to differentiate at least gender. Luckily for me, I was not entombed in this prison and was able to take the man back unharmed.
Everything from outward appearance to perceived character traits can be different than what a dreamer shows me. I curse myself for not showing her my true form in the Dreamscape, but I took what I thought was a necessary precaution.
Amelia hasn’t responded as I hoped she would. She does not recognize me in any way. I could tell her who I am, but would she believe me? In the past, all I had to do was command a recruit and she would obey me. It appears women have changed quite a bit in the last few millennia.
I have to stick to the plan. My team will not think too highly of me if I don’t. Maybell will throttle me for sure. She is my best trainer, yet I will have to find the right way to introduce her to Amelia. Not many mortals have accepted my team in their true form, but we no longer have the option of concealing them. Perhaps Amelia will be different. First, she has to acclimate to me and my reality before I can introduce her.
Pink lips move, but nothing comes out. Is she praying to a god that could never hear her in this place? Is she saying goodbye to loved ones?
I shake my head. Impossible. She has no one. Another reason she is here with me. I could not leave her in the mortal realm a moment longer.
Her body tenses when I step closer. Apart from her initial outburst, she has been calm. Finally, I make out her words: Wake up.
I smile. She thinks she is dreaming still.
I can have fun with this. Fun does not come easily to the keeper of the Netherworld.
When I’m two feet away she shifts back and thrusts out a shaking hand. She speaks at last, and her voice is the sweetest sound that could ever exist, although her words are a harsh command.
“Stop!” she says.
I don’t.
I can’t.
She scrambles backward and jumps to her feet, facing me in a fighting stance. With the stealth of a cat she rocks to her toes and shifts her upper body as if for a quick escape. Eyes wild, body coiled, she might as well be hissing at me.
I want to laugh. There is no escape from hell.
Disregarding my native impulses, I let her thoughts congeal before I destroy her hopes. The giant pendulum behind her punctuates the sound of her pulse. Swoosh plunk, swoosh plunk, swoosh plunk…The sound usually soothes me, but in this moment I cannot countenance another swoosh.
Even though I have no desire to frighten her, she has to see this is real; I only have until morning to make her mine, and I have wasted enough time as it is hoping to calm her before I shatter the foundations of her existence. My mind twists on a dark thought. She will know I am real if I touch her.
Working to still my breath, my senses heighten, slowing time. She is not ready for my fake, and I easily catch her wrists before she can bypass me. She kicks at my shins, and I let her momentum topple us over. Her eyes fly wide while we fall toward the carpet, and I know she expects pain from me. I eat her fear like a fine brulee, savoring each moment. Her emotions drown me until I am overcome.
The instant we crash to the floor, she struggles to get away. Her scent surrounds me, intoxicating me, threatening to steal my focus. It has been too long since I’ve held a woman in my arms. I’ve dreamed of this moment for years, yet somehow I imagined a different scenario. “There is no escape,” I tell her. If there was I would not be here.
For the briefest of moments our gazes merge. She swallows, her eyes searching mine as if she is trying to see my core. My muscles harden in anticipation of her next move. Even though I would never admit it, the words she utters cut me to the soul.
“You’re a nightmare,” she insists. “You can’t hurt me.”
I hear the desperation in my voice; however, stopping my impetuous reply is impossible. “Nightmare I may be, yet I assure you I am as real as the blood that flows in your veins.”
Doubt flickers across her face. She still does not believe this is her new reality. I glance over my shoulder toward the fiery pit that abuts this room with no end—my prison.
My curse.
Flames burst forth at my bidding, rushing toward us. She gasps, and her face contorts with fear the moment she feels the heat. I take pleasure in her realization and let it go too far. The inferno consumes the carpet, the sofa, even my prized hound succumbs. She is unaware everything will reappear at my command—everything except her.
Her expression morphs into one of utter terror. My own terror crushes my chest as a fierce cry escapes her throat. A few seconds more will find me holding a pile of ash. My blood freezes in my veins. Why have I done this?
The instant I sever my connection with the flames, they plummet into the abyss until the next time I call them.
Her voice rushes out on a gust. “What are you?”
I should be used to this question, yet it pierces me. She will not accept the entire truth at this time, so I offer her a slice of it. A muscle in my jaw jumps, and she stiffens. “I am the darkness, and you are now mine.”



A shudder finds me as I lie in the darkness, remembering the last thing my captor said before he plopped me on his bed and left through the only door in this massive room.
He thinks he is the darkness.
No doubt he’s a monster, yet the world has never seen a more beautiful horror. Neither have I. An angel pales in his shadow—with his dirty blond hair and blue eyes that are deep as the darkest ocean one second and the next the color of a morning sky. Add a strong jaw and towering height to the mix and what you have is a man that should grace the cover of a fashion magazine.
Yet in those beautiful, terrifying eyes I see my death. I’ve been telling myself to wake up for hours. Unfortunately, the burn that covers the majority of my left arm keeps me from sleeping. Where his body shielded mine, the flames didn’t touch me. Unfortunately, the rest of me aches from the contact. It’s the idea of his actions as much as the pain that freaks me out. What a psycho.
I still don’t know what he is or, worse, what he wants from me. I have to find a way out of here. I have to find a way to escape him. This can’t be real.
This can’t be real.
My eyes blur with unshed tears. What the hell is happening to me? Justine tried to prepare me for life, but she could have never prepared me for this.
The lights flash on, making me stiffen. I wipe my eyes and squint against the sudden glare. Not waiting for him to speak, I spin toward the wall, even though his quiet approach tells me there’s no way he’s gonna leave me alone. A soft touch hesitates then rests on my shoulder. I shrug his hand away as if it’s acid.
His grunt makes my muscles bunch. If he were an ordinary man I might have a chance in combat. I’m quick when I need to be—even held my own with some of the roughest thugs in Seattle, Vegas, and recently the hopping metropolis of Provo, Utah.
It doesn’t matter where you go. There are always people hoping to bring you down with them.
My captor’s hand flits over my arm, rubbing in some sort of salve that takes the sting away but singes my nose. I would thank him, but he did this to me so he doesn’t deserve it. My jaw clenches against the velvet strokes of his fingers. I’m gonna ignore his soft touch if it’s the last thing I do. There’s something seriously wrong with him. There’s something seriously wrong with me. Have I totally lost my mind?
His dark voice fills the room. “I—”
His hesitation trips me up, and I almost turn around. Before I can move, though, he continues, “I have so much to explain to you. I’m sorry for…what happened earlier. I haven’t been around people in a while, and you surprised me.” He pauses, his hand still resting on my arm, but only for a moment. “I can hardly believe I finally have you here. In time, you will adjust, even come to love this place.”
I face him in a nanosecond. “Did you really just say that to me? Hello, you seriously can’t be that wacko. I mean, come on. You stole me in the middle of the night and brought me to your lair like the freaking Phantom of the Opera then you set your living room on fire, torch your dog, not to mention almost me, for what?
“Oh, and in case you’re wondering, I’m not one of those girls who thought Christine should have ended up with the Phantom, so you might as well let me go now. Save us both some trouble.”
He smiles, which makes me clench my jaw again. With a tight flick of his head, he motions toward the hallway. “You want to go?”
I jump to my feet, ignoring the sting of his hand sliding down my arm. I’ve seen weird. I’ve even seen freakish. But I’ve never seen something like him.
A weird sense of recognition wants to take hold of me, but I’m not going to let it. “Where’s the front door?”
His thick brows hit his hairline. “Even if I could tell you that, you have nowhere to go. Do you not wish to know why I brought you here?”
How can he not know how to get out of his own pad? “No.”
“No?”
I’m lying, but I’m scared. He knows too much about me. How? I don’t want to acknowledge the shiver that travels over my skin. I nod in his direction. “Exactly how long have you been stalking me?”
His eyes come alive, yet he gives me a casual shrug. “Quite some time, although stalking might not be the best description.”
I send him a disgusted frown. If I do figure out a way to ditch this place, will he find me again? “Well, you’re not exactly offering me a better explanation. Don’t you know how creepy this whole thing is?”
A slow smile covers his mouth. “Creepy isn’t the worst thing to be.”
His world must totally suck.
I smack my lips together before I lock eyes with him. “So—are you ever going to tell me why you brought me here? I figure if you wanted to kill me I’d be dead.” I try not to let hope or fear show in my eyes. Who knows just what is going to set off this freak?
In the amount of time it takes me to process what he’s doing, he’s at my side. This sudden burst of speed sends panic to my veins, but his calm voice stills my pulse.
He leans over, his lips a breath from my ear. “I’ll tell you what,” he says. “If you can find a way out, I’ll let you go.”
My heart stutters then speeds like a racecar toward the finish line. There has to be a way out—he came and got me for the love of bald eagles, and since he’s offering… “I’ll take that deal,” I say, sending him a cocky glance I’m not feeling at all.
He smirks a challenge at me. “Go ahead.”
I open the door and glide into the hallway, puffing out my chest, getting my swagger on. Other than frying my arm, he hasn’t made a move to hurt me, so oddly enough I’m almost comfortable around him, like it’s okay to be myself. It’s just a matter of time before I discover the hidden latch to my freedom. He doesn’t know how tenacious I am. He’s also right behind me, and I’m hyper aware of his every move. My skin tingles from his nearness. We’ve got something weird going on between us, but heck if I know what it is.
I’m tempted to check his face to see if I’m headed the right way, but I keep my back to him. Flickering tapers set into curly candelabras drape the space in a caramel glow. Although extremely cool, it’s not much light to go by, which, makes it twice as hard to see where this hallway leads. The super strange part is there are no other doors or even windows, just a dingy corridor that seems to stretch on forever. I stop to tug every sconce, thinking one will give under the pressure and unlock the door to my freedom. No such luck. I bristle at my captor’s dark laugh but keep going.
After a few minutes of getting nowhere, I sprint forward, running as fast as I can on the uneven surface. His feet thud against the stone behind me. While my lungs ache so badly I’m worried they might burst after only a few minutes, his breathing is even.
The hallway stretches forever in front of me like an endless highway to Nowheresville. One thing’s for certain: I’m getting nowhere, so I slam to a stop and bend over, sucking in wind.
This is the worst shape I’ve been in. I got kind of lazy when Justine took me in five years ago. At first, after she found me, I made life pretty difficult for her, thinking she was just going to ditch me too. Wouldn’t you know it, the minute I thought I’d have her forever is when she died. Being with her was the only time I’ve felt safe in my whole life. I should have known it wouldn’t last.
Psycho dude inches closer to me, and I snap up, turning to face him—the door is right behind us. It looks different from this side, as if it is ancient. The wood is splintered and pitted and the huge doorknob seems oddly out of place. There’s a slot big as a wallet, maybe for a skeleton key, but I’ve never seen a keyhole that big. If I didn’t know better, I’d say this is a different door entirely.
No way. There is no freaking way. I blink a couple times just to make sure my eyes are working right. When the effort yields the same result, I lower to my haunches to check the cobbled floor. If this thing’s a conveyor belt, I’m a red banana.
Something is wrong with this place, with this man. I swallow, fear trickling to my gut. With as much composure as I can muster I say, “You’d better start giving me explanations, buddy. Why am I here? What is this place? Who are you? I don’t even know your freaking name!”
Deep blue eyes flit toward the door. When he looks up again, he holds out his hand.
I shake my head. I’m not touching him on purpose. He’s not far from me. He could snatch me up like he did when he barged into my living room and grabbed me like I was some sort of errant livestock, but he doesn’t.
His voice is barely audible. “Come with me. If you’re ready now, I’ll explain everything.”



My heart pounds against my chest. This is it. All I have to do is stay calm and she won’t know; she won’t figure it out. If she opens the door first, she will have a choice to leave and, given her history, she will. There is no way I am letting her go now, no matter what the rules are. Even if she manages to see through my bluff, I’ll figure something out to keep her with me. I motion for her to move ahead, but she refuses like I want her to.
For her to be tied to me, this has to be her decision—her mistake. I reach for the handle with controlled movements, hoping I don’t give anything away. A smile spreads on my lips when I face the door and block her access. The cool metal knob twists, and I push the door away. With practiced movements, I lead her into my shrine.
My whole body sighs once she is over the threshold. This girl might just have what it takes to break my curse. She is determined enough, bright enough, lovely enough, so why does the heaviness of fear still linger in my heart?
Like an unpracticed youth, I am not sure how to start the conversation. After a while she grunts, so I dive in. “You are of the blood.”
Her face pales, and I’m lost in her confused eyes. “Blood?” she asks before she visibly gulps.
Maybe not the best thing to start with. I offer her a smile, yet she flinches. Am I that frightening? Disheartened, I drop my gaze and pace the room, attempting to make myself less obtrusive. “Long ago…”
Despite the wildness in her eyes, she chuckles before she speaks, and the sound startles me. I could stare at her for hours, days, years, but we have work to do. “In a galaxy far, far away,” she says, still smiling.
I like her smile. It brightens my mood as well as a full moon on a cloudless night. That aside, I still don’t know what she means. “To what are you referencing?”
Dark brows furrow, making me want to smooth the lines on her forehead. Her mouth opens on a quick breath as if she is going to tell me something important before her eyes harden. “Nothing. Go on.”
“Have you ever heard of the Oneiroi?”
She tries out the word. “Oh-near-ee?” I nod. She considers this for a moment before she says, “Um, no.”
Explanations will be difficult. If there was one thing I used to be able to count on, it was the passing on of legend within a community. What has happened to her world? I take a deep breath and hold it, attempting to solidify a plan. Best to start with something she will understand. “Where do you think dreams come from?”
She sits on the couch, her movements waiflike. Confusion narrows her eyes as she takes in her surroundings. “Hey, how did you get another sofa so…” She makes a brief sweep of the room as if to be certain, and her gaze settles on Baltek. Her hand covers her mouth before she points at him. When she speaks, her voice cracks. “Oh my gosh, that dog looks just like the one you fried earlier.”
It takes all my will not to laugh. “I’ll get to that, but please, answer my question.”
Her head bobs in a decisive nod. “Subconscious, right?”
I smirk at her surety. “Not quite.”
She gives me a belligerent stare and cocks her head. “Next you’re gonna tell me they come from you.”
She is smart. “Actually, they do.”
She scoffs and stands up. “Right. So you think you’re the darkness and that you control dreams.”
Not wishing to confuse her further, I keep my answer simple. No doubt clarification will have to be addressed later. “Yes.”
“Whose dreams?”
Not the response I expected. I am encouraged. “Very good question. I have limited access these days, and I need your help.”
Her raucous laughter startles me, while her open body language entices me to join her on the sofa. With regret in my throat, I make myself stay where I am. “Good one. You want me to control people’s dreams?”
“No.”
“No? But I thought you just said—”
This is the trouble with the young, they do not listen. “What I said was I need your help.”
More scoffs before she says, “You have a funny way of asking for help, buddy.”
She’s right. I may have gone overboard with the drama, but her nearness has befuddled me. “Are you willing to listen?”
Her eyes remain guarded. “Listen, sure, but I’m not committing to anything, just yet.”
“Very well,” I relent. “I will try to give you the shortest version I am able. I only ask that you not interrupt me. Agreed?”
She fidgets in her seat, flicking out a dainty hand as if she is swatting away a gnat. “Yeah, sure, get on with it already.”
Her impatience astounds me, but I continue as if it does not. One of these days, she will present her true self to me, not this mask of indifference she wields like a sword. “You come from a bloodline of gifted clairvoyants. Sibylline, to be precise. Your mind is capable of reaching into the minds of others around you, which is especially useful to me.” I get a raise of the brows, yet she stays silent. I am further encouraged. “I should clarify one very important point for you. The Oneiroi do not control dreams, we send them. Once released, they are for the dreamer to control or reject.” When I take my usual chair opposite her, her eyes follow my movements. “There are legends about us, but legends have faded in your world. We used to be called upon for assistance when war or famine plagued the land; however, in recent years humans hardly pay attention to their dreams.”
In the cutest gesture I have ever seen, she holds up her hand.
“Yes?” I say.
“I think I’m following you here, but why does it matter if people don’t remember their dreams?”
For a moment, my thoughts distract me. Will she remember her dreams? When the time comes, will she remember me? More importantly, will she remember what she promised me?
For someone so young, she pays attention more than I’ve given her credit for. “Since your world was new and the inhabitants simple, we focused on directing the leaders of nations. This is one form of divine guidance. At first, we only gifted good dreams, but as time went on it was clear warnings were also needed. You see, if left to their own conscience, most mortals will choose the easiest path. It takes a brave soul to stand up to tyranny or bigotry, yet it takes an equally brave soul to become a tyrant or a bigot. It was only later that we delved into the minds of everyday man.”
She raises her hand again. I smile. “But what does this have to do with me?”
The most important question of all. “I shall make this simple; however, if you have further questions, you may ask.” She nods. “There used to be many of us, now there are only four…including myself that have not converted to Erobos, or those that call themselves the dark ones.” She is right to shudder, but to my surprise, she does not interrupt me. “Essentially, my brothers and I accrue enough energy to leave the Dreamscape every so often.”
“How often? And what’s a Dreamscape?”
“Every dreamer has his or her own dream world. The Dreamscape is where those worlds are housed. My realm is part of this network, but not exactly the same. Unlike other worlds, my realm has a protective barrier around it that is meant to shield us from the Erobos. What was once a great accomplishment for my people was turned into an impenetrable barrier that keeps me tethered to this place. And as to when I am able to leave, it depends on how much energy I can save. Erobos interaction depletes my kind. My three brothers have a slightly different situation than I do, but we are all basically trapped in the Dreamscape.” She frowns but does not interrupt. “When we have accumulated enough energy, we are able to open a portal to the mortal realm. Our power does not last long, and there are dangers there for us. Suffice it to say, we do what we need to do and leave as quickly as possible. We seek humans with the ability to aid us, and I have chosen you.”
She tucks her legs under her and leans further into the cushions. A very good sign, yet her pulse remains elevated and her complexion hasn’t recovered. “Why?”
She is hiding her true emotions from me. In an attempt to calm her further, I lift my shoulders in a casual shrug that I do not feel. “You are gifted with the sight, you are of the blood, and, most importantly, you have no complications to distract you.”
Her brow creases as she studies me. She folds her hands in her lap, still staring. She’s good at controlling body language, which will be a great asset for her in the Dreamscape. “What if I don’t want to help? Do I get to leave?”
No matter how much I wish I could give her a different answer, I cannot. “I have no way of letting you go, Amelia. My power is now spent. With the interaction I face with the Erobos daily, it would likely take six hundred years to accrue enough power to enter the mortal realm again. You see, I’m trapped here, just like you. I was hoping that you would be willing to help me. When my prison was constructed, the Erobos created a portal that requires a key to open. I’m sure you noticed the elaborate doorknob.” She nods, frowning. “Although I have located the portal, I have not been able to find the key. In fact, I have discovered no matter how much I search, I will likely never find it. You, on the other hand, may be able to discover the key and in the process free us both.”
She cocks her jaw to the side, riffling her fingers through her dark hair. What follows is a swift smile. “For a while there I was pretty sure Cryptic was your middle name.”
Despite my efforts, a soft laugh escapes me. “I haven’t a middle name.”
She smiles completely now. “Ha. All right, do you have a first name?”
“You may call me Seth.”
Her smoky eyes lock onto mine. “What if I take the job and don’t like it, Seth?”
My fingers curve along the plush velvet armrests of my chair. Her skin is softer.
My pulse quickens with the thought of touching her, of loving her like I’ve dreamed so many times. I swallow, and make my body relax. “My offer stands. If at any time you can find the key, you may leave.”
I barely have finished speaking when she blurts, “What about time off?”
“You will not require time off.”
She gives me a once over. “Everyone needs time off.”
When I stand, she startles. Instead of moving toward her as I had planned, I take a step back. “Are you agreeing?”
She shrugs and joins me on the carpet as she says, “It’s not like I have anything better to do. Who knows? It might be fun.”







This guy is certifiable, but at least he’s entertaining. For all I know, I’m right there with him. I still can’t quite accept the things that have happened. I’m hoping I’ll wake up soon, but I might just have to rethink everything I think I know about reality. My freakoutometer is measuring an eight right now. I just hope Seth doesn’t know what’s happening inside me.
It’s taken a boatload of pretend courage for me to sit here and listen to him tell me outrageous things. What I should be doing is clawing through the walls to escape. It might come to that, but not yet. I’m intrigued by him as much as I am afraid of him. It’s stupid to feel this way, yet I can’t seem to make myself feel anything else.
For a moment I wonder how long I’ve been here. I guess it doesn’t really matter because I no longer have a home to go back to. Once Varner figures out I’m not coming to get my things, he’ll probably cart what little I have off to charity or, more likely, his third floor unit. Slimy weasel. Everything that meant anything to me was in that suitcase.
I push my greedy ex-landlord out of my mind because Seth’s voice still echoes in my thoughts. You are of the blood.
I’ve never heard anything so ridiculous. Next, he’s gonna tell me he’s a vampire and my blood called him to me. Yeesh. It’s bad enough he thinks he controls dreams or sends dreams or whatever. I’d hate to see what would happen if he thought he was the lord of the undead instead of the Dreamscape, or whatever he said this place was.
Truth is I stopped really listening after he told me things about myself he shouldn’t know or even be able to guess. It’s as if he and I are old friends and I’ve lost my memory somewhere between where I left my brain and my nerve. That’s just absurd, not because I don’t know the guy, but because I’ve never had a real friend in my life, just one make-believe boyfriend that kept me sane for four years.
Seems weird that the minute Jason leaves my dreams this is what happens. I stiffen. What if Seth’s telling the truth? Could he have sent Jason to me? Could he bring him back? Could Jason be real.
Man, I’ve got to stop thinking this stuff. It’s not gonna do me any good to lose my brain.
Seth knows things about me I haven’t shared with a living soul, not even Justine. I have no clue where blood is concerned, but I’ve been able to feel people out pretty well all my life. It’s what’s kept me out of real trouble, but clairvoyant? I don’t think so. I’d be raking in the dough if I could read people’s minds. I figure, if you got something to lift you up in this dingy world, best use it.
Seth moves toward the far wall where the pendulum swings and then faces me again, pulling me out of my thoughts. “Please, excuse my manners. You must be hungry.”
“I could eat,” I tell him, but the truth is I haven’t eaten in two days, unless you count that ketchup packet I found in the back of my fridge yesterday. My stomach jumps at the mere thought of food, making me forgo the questions I have about this room. Like where all that fire came from, and why there is a giant pendulum suspended out of what looks like nowhere as it rocks back and forth. The sound is strangely hypnotic. I’ll ask him about it after we eat.
He laughs. I like the sound, even though I know I shouldn’t. I’m getting myself into all kinds of trouble by acting like everything’s hunky-dory, but until he does something stupid, I’ll go along with him.
My inner voice yells at me. He’s not normal, how can you treat him like he is? This place isn’t normal, either. I’m trying to convince myself that it’s all an elaborate illusion, but even if I discount the pendulum and fire pit, I still can’t figure out the weird hallway to nowhere or that doorknob.
When he turns toward the wall closest to us again, a door shimmers into existence. A small gasp escapes me while his resultant smirk irritates me. Where in the world did that come from? On the other side is a room. It’s a good size, but nothing compared to Seth’s living area.
I file in behind him, all the while hoping he’s not leading me to his torture chamber. Trying to be subtle about it, I hover at the threshold, unwilling to go in all the way until I make sure it’s relatively safe.
As if he’s read my mind, he says, “I will not harm you, Amelia.”
My skin prickles when he says my name in the exact same way Jason used to, and, without warning, my head goes woozy. Using the wall to steady myself, I try to shrug off how weak I am. I’ve been going on adrenaline, but my body seems to have run out.
Sky blue eyes show nothing but concern as he approaches me. It doesn’t take a brainiac to know what he’s gonna do. For some reason, though, I just can’t handle the thought of him touching me, so I rush past him, stumbling into the room before he can grab my arm.
He’s at my side and guiding me toward a small table in the corner before I can even mutter a protest. As if he’s being careful with me, his body curls around mine, but I won’t let myself feel safe around him.
An awkward moment passes between us as he guides me onto a chair. Seconds later, he sets a plate of delicious smelling, steaming hot food in front of me. Where he got it is anyone’s guess. Maybe I’m just too weak to notice things right now.
I make myself wait for him to sit even though I could down this meal in two minutes flat. He sets his own plate on the table then settles into his chair. “Go ahead,” he says.
My fingers shake as I reach for the knife and fork. When I look at him, he gives me an encouraging smile before he glances at my utensils. Doesn’t he know I could use these against him? He’s either stupid, or he thinks I’ve got no chance in fighting him. Either way, all I want right now is the hunk of meat wafting savory goodness toward my eager nose. I fumble with the silverware, but manage to carve a chunk off the gigantic steak and shove it into my mouth. After two bites, I’m swallowing, ready for the next.
His hand flashes out and covers mine. My heart explodes at his warm touch and my skin erupts in those strange tingles again. Why does he affect me like this? I go still as a cornered rabbit. Taking a deep breath, I raise my eyes to his. I don’t have to say a word for him to release my hand.
“Forgive me,” he says. “I merely thought you might need some help.”
“I’m not a child,” I say in a cutting tone that makes me flinch.
His brows shoot toward his hairline while he laughs. I don’t miss the way his eyes rove over me. “Trust me, I am aware.”
My stomach flutters, but I don’t know this man. What does he want from me? My mind fills with images of what he could do to me, and surprisingly, not all of them are unpleasant. I’ve got to get a grip. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
A muscle in his jaw jumps, and he stares right at me. “Only that I know who you are. I know how old you are. And I know you are starving.” His voice softens to match his eyes. “Let me help you.”
I smack my lips and take the closest goblet. My head rushes with warning bells, and my body has tensed again, but I sit back and let him cut my food.
Skeptical, I take a sniff of the drink in my hands. “What is this?”
He sighs before he answers me. “Apple juice. Only apple juice.”
My favorite. It’s creepy how much he knows about me, but I can’t keep my hands from bringing the drink to my lips. The tangy liquid slides down easy. I don’t think I’ve ever tasted anything so good.
He makes one last cut before he hands me my utensils. I try to smile at him, but it feels wrong, forced. Of course it’s forced, you idiot. He kidnapped you for hell’s sake.
His smile is relaxed, easy. With a tilt of his head, he eyes my food. The starving part of me shakes her fists at him, so I set to work piling the meal away. My stomach does a happy dance, greedily asking for more, but if I don’t stop soon, I’m gonna make myself sick.
“Amelia?”
I swallow hard. I hate when he uses my name. My body stiffens every time he does it. “Seth?” I say more casual than I feel.
“You needn’t rush. There is more food if you desire it.”
I nod, but suddenly, I’m not hungry anymore. I raise my eyes to his. “Enough of the bull. How can you have food like this and not be able to leave? And what’s with that pendulum? What is this place and why do you really have me here?”



Amelia’s questions remind me of just how much work I have still to do. If only I could show her who I am. I can imagine us sitting at this table, enjoying the evening meal so easily…too easily. I’m alarming her with my familiarity.
She wants to know why I have brought her here. Should I tell her how lonely I am? Should I confess to her that I have watched her grow from a gangly girl into the beauty that sits before me? Should I let her know how much I’ve ached to have her with me for real?
No. That would be the stupidest thing I could do. I take a sip of my drink, letting the sweet liquid roll on my tongue before I swallow. I need no drink to intoxicate me. The woman sitting so close has already accomplished the deed.
“I’ve already told you why I have brought you here, Amelia,” I say. Even though I know my answer will not appease her, I do not have another to give.
She sends me a frigid frown. “Why do you keep saying my name?”
I smile to myself. One of these times, she will realize who I am, or I will show her in the Dreamscape. It is only a matter of patience. “Is it not customary to use one’s name in a conversation?”
She stands up, and her heart jumps into a run even though her legs stay put. Her chest rises and falls so rapidly I am worried she will swoon. Her voice comes out breathy. “This has been…interesting, but you really need to let me go now.”
I study my napkin. “I cannot.”
Before I’m able to say anything else she runs for my chamber. She makes it into the hallway before I catch her elbow. I wonder if she knows how fast she just moved. Astonishing.
She pulls against my light grip. “Let go of me, Seth!”
I don’t.
“As I have already told you, you may leave if and when you can find the key. I am unable to grant your request. You are the only person here that can access the mortal world.”
She pries my fingers off her arm. “You’re so full of it your breath smells like horse crap.”
I step away, tempted to check for myself. Then I realize she is not being literal. “As I said before, you are welcome to try,” I say, walking back into my room.
My blood is pumping so fast I have to calm myself down or I will do something I will definitely regret. Her frantic emotions have caused a storm in me. I need to focus on the light or I will be overcome.
No matter what I can’t let her see me like this, so I close the door behind me. She will find me when she is finished throwing her tantrum. So much for avoiding complications. I had hoped to have her ready within a few days, but I see now it will take far longer. Until she comes to accept her fate, training her will be futile, and taking her into the Dreamscape will be too dangerous.
A keening wail reaches my ears. Her frustration slices my gut in two.
I’ve done this to her. I’ve taken away her life. I can expect nothing less from her, yet anger charters a trip through my veins.
What did I expect? That she’d be grateful for a place to live and food to eat? That she’d learn to enjoy my company again? I remind myself that she only needs time to adjust. She hasn’t even been here a full day, and I am expecting her to accept this life.
As much as I’d like to, I cannot allow myself to pity her. She had no life before I took her. She should be grateful. A sigh escapes my lungs.
Baltek nuzzles my hand with his wet nose. I pat his head, wishing I could ignore Amelia’s cries. No doubt she has found her flight attempts futile, once again. Her screaming might cut a hole in my resolve if I’m not careful.
A clattering in the hall startles me. What has she done now? I cannot allow her to hurt herself. I fling the door out of the way and am in the hallway before she can yank another sconce off the wall.
She whirls around, her eyes widening when they meet mine. Unbelievably, she throws herself onto the discarded candelabra before she brandishes it in front of her like a sword. “Stay away from me!” she demands in a hoarse voice.
No small miracle she still has a voice with all the screaming she’s done. Hot wax clings to her flesh. It has to hurt; however, her eyes are feral and her body shaking so much she probably hasn’t noticed.
“Amelia,” I whisper. “Calm down.”
“Don’t you tell me to calm down, you sadistic freak! What did you give me? I’m hallucinating, right? This can’t be real. This can’t be real!”
My instincts tell me to show her just how real this is, but I slow the rushing blood in my veins. “I know how frightening this must be for you,” I say. “Please, come back inside.”
She shakes her head. “What’s the point in having a hallway if it doesn’t go anywhere?”
I’ve asked myself the same question more times than she could count. Unfortunately, I still do not have an answer. With cautious movements, I raise my hand toward her. “Please, Amelia. Come back inside. We’ll talk.”
“And what else?” she hisses at me.
Her insinuation rankles my mind. I have done nothing to make her think I would take advantage of her, yet here she stands, accusing me of being a lecher. I shake my head. “I will not harm you. I make a solemn vow to never harm you.”
Her tongue flits out and slides along her bottom lip. I close my eyes against the image. She should not do such things. She has no idea how much she affects me. Hoping she will follow me, I swallow and turn away from her, away from my desires to take what I have craved for so long.
The candlestick twangs against the cobbles before her sobs fill the space. I’ve never hated myself more than I do in this moment.
She doesn’t even protest when I pick her up and carry her into her room. Baltek moans at me as I walk by. I give him a silent command, and he takes his place on the rug. I’ve neglected him today. I’ll have to make it up to him later.
Amelia sobs into my shoulder, and I want nothing more than to hold her for the rest of eternity, yet I have to let her go.
I lay her down gently, and she curls into a ball. I’ve been expecting this reaction from her; I just never thought it would cut so deep. “Rest well, sweet one. I’ll be in my room if you need me.” Before I make it out the door, I turn back to her. She doesn’t respond, but I’m quite sure she’s listening to my every breath. “And Amelia, you may ask me any question you like, but know this: I will always tell you the truth.”



I cry for hours or days; maybe it’s been years. I don’t know.
What I do know is that I have to stop. I have to think. Being irrational won’t get me out of this place.
Seth was so gentle with me, too gentle. A tremble shoots through me at the thought. I don’t know a thing about him, and it’s beginning to scare me more than I want it to.
I’m not quite awake, but no matter what I do I can’t fall asleep, not with him so close.
Unsettled, I flop onto my back and stare at the ceiling. My stomach aches from crying and my eyes throb to the beat of my pulse, and yet all I can think about is him. It’s as if every part of me is aware of him, even though he’s sitting in the next room.
My fingers ball up and I pound the mattress. I blew it. I totally had things under control until I had to go and let my inner wimp convince me that I was long overdue for a tantrum.
Maybe I was.
But as I lay here in the candlelit room, I’m convinced the only way I will ever get out is to go with the flow. He needs me to find a key. It’s not much of a surprise. I’m good at finding things. Justine used to lose her keys a lot. All she had to do was call me and it was like I could see where they were in my mind. They were always were I said they’d be. If Seth needs me to find a key, it shouldn’t be a problem.
The only problem is I can’t seem to make myself get up, because once I do, I’ll have to talk to him. I’ll have to look into his entrancing eyes and hope I can clean up the mess I’ve made. With any luck, I’ll figure out what’s going on.
I meander toward the door but stop when I notice my reflection in the mirror. Someone unrecognizable stares back at me. I’ve dealt with pain. I’ve dealt with heartache, but I’ve never been this lonely…this isolated.
I’m sure that’s what he wants me to feel. Too bad for him, I’m no wilting rose. Justine taught me to be strong, and I’m not about to cower in this room for days or weeks when I can still function. I’m gonna see what his deal is one way or another, but he’d better watch out. This rattler is ready to strike.
I shake my head at my reflection. Big talker, I tell myself, wondering what I did to get into this predicament. For years I’ve prided myself on being hyperaware of everything around me, yet I never noticed him. Not once.
There’s no way I’ve ever seen him before. I would have recognized someone as hot as he is, so my only conclusion can be that he is pretty good at stalking. Another shiver slices through me.
Why’d he have to be so nutso anyway? The thing is—how am I going to get his guard down without chumming up to him? More importantly, how in the world am I gonna convince him that he needs to let me go when I find that key for him?
I glance in the mirror again. Man, I need a shower, but I’m afraid to ask where the facilities are. Unfortunately, my bladder isn’t about to let me get away with that excuse for long. I peruse the room again looking for a door that doesn’t exist.
There’s an enormous closet thing against the far wall I didn’t notice before. Maybe it’s a wardrobe. Either way, it takes up nearly the entire wall, which, in this room, is saying something. The dark wood is carved in intricate scrollwork that matches the bed.
The place is elegant. I’ve never seen something so ritzy in my life. I’m kind of afraid to touch anything, yet all my fingers want to do is trace the oval inlay in front of me. The scene is of some kind of lake with wildlife all around it. What’s weird is there’s a creature hidden behind a grouping of trees. Only its outline is visible. It could be a bear on its hind legs, but for some reason, I don’t think it is.
I let my fingertips glide along the wood, wondering who made this piece, wondering if it somehow could transport me into the magical land depicted in its glassy depths, away from this stifling space, away from Seth.
When I pull open the doors, I’m surprised to see a gigantic rack full of freshly pressed dresses, skirts, shirts and pants. Along one side is a row of shelves with sweaters. Shoes in every assortment I can imagine rest on the bottom shelf. My fingers reach for a set of familiar jeans. Did he get my suitcase?
A husky voice cuts through my musing. “Ah, I see you’ve found your wardrobe.”
Feeling rather than seeing his approach, my body stiffens. I thought he was going to stay in his room.
I grit my teeth, pretending his presence doesn’t light every nerve I have on fire, pretending he’s invisible. It doesn’t help. “Leave me alone,” I say. I’m not ready to see his face, or am I just not ready to face him?
He doesn’t answer right away, but he doesn’t leave, either. I’m sure he’s waiting for me to acknowledge him, and he’s gonna be waiting until hell is blessed with its first frost.
His arm brushes my shoulder as he sidles in next to me. The energy between us sizzles. I make myself step away and walk calmly toward the bed, knowing there’s no use in me sprinting past him again. A burning rage ignites inside me. It’s all I can do to keep myself from landing a solid punch to his pristine face.
I can’t risk it. I’d like to think I could take a beating from him, but I’m still not even sure what he wants from me, so I’m saving my strength in case I need it.
When he clears his throat, I whirl around, expecting to see frustration in his blue eyes, but all I see is patience, which only manages to make my blood bubble a little more. I grit my teeth then say, “What do you want from me, Seth? Don’t give me that crap about dreams, either. I’m not in the mood.”



I ignore Amelia’s biting tone. I’m too focused on those full lips that are currently frowning at me. I deserve no less. Even though I have vowed to never harm her, I am not sure I can keep that promise. I’ve put her in danger deliberately, but it is necessary.
I clear my throat again, hoping it will clear my mind. “I thought you might like to freshen up?”
Her creamy skin flashes pale, but she recovers quickly. “Not until you tell me what I’m up against here.”
I had hoped to have civil conversations with her now, but apparently from her deepening frown, she is not in the mood for that, either. Best to be honest. “I’ve delayed as long as I can. I have business to attend, but I promise we will discuss this as soon as I return.”
“In the Dreamscape?”
“Yes. In the Dreamscape.”
Her jaw clenches as anger ignites her features. I motion toward the opposite wall where her bed rests. Her hypnotizing eyes follow the movement and widen when a door emerges at my command.
I’ve found it is best to reveal my lair, as she called it, piece by piece. I am pleased by the smile that tugs her mouth. No doubt, she thinks it is a way out. Hopefully, the room that awaits her will offer some solace.
I do not hover, even though I would love to see her reaction when she opens the door. Instead, I leave a tidbit of information I’m hoping she will want to bite. “I shall see you when I return.” I move to leave, but she blocks my way before I can take a step.
Her eyes laser into mine. “I thought you said there wasn’t a way out of here. You’re not leaving me alone in this place.”
I give her a regretful smile. “I am afraid I must. My team will be missing me.”
“What team? You said you couldn’t leave! What else have you been lying to me about?”
I bypass her easily and make it halfway through my room before she even crosses the threshold. She sprints to catch me, and I let her curl her fingers around my bicep, savoring every second of skin to skin contact I am allowed. I have failed to realize the advantages of wearing short sleeves until this moment.
Her velvet touch is enthralling, but I command my blood to slow, my heart to remain calm. With measured movements, I stare at her hand then look directly into her eyes. Her pupils dilate and her lips part in an invitation I know she does not intend to offer.
Her pulse is a siren song, but I cannot get caught up in the sound; I cannot allow myself to get distracted by her sultry scent, either. My feet refuse my command to step back, so I smile instead.
That’s all it takes for her to drop her hand to her side and move away from me.
“Amelia,” I say. My voice reflects the softness I feel for her. “I know you are scared, and I am sorry for causing your fear. You will see in time, you needn’t fear me, yet I have no more time at the moment to give you. Please step away from me.”
“You’re not ditching me!” she hisses.
I close my eyes and shut my heart against the panic in her voice. “You are not ready to follow me, sweet one. Please, do as I say.” When she doesn’t move, I pick her up.
She pounds my chest, my shoulders, and my back. “Let me down!”
I desperately wish I had time to resolve this conflict. Not able to help myself, when I reach her room, I slide her body along mine. My lips brush her earlobe, and she stiffens, but her heartbeat tells me a different story.
I keep her in my embrace because if I see that mouth of hers, I will not be able to go. I speak calmly into her ear, “I will return in a few hours. Make yourself at home. If you need anything at all, merely speak your request and, apart from leaving, it will be granted.”
Her ragged breath beats against my neck and her body stiffens. I let her go and glide through the door, locking it the moment it shuts. Her fists pound the barrier between us. “Seth, you can’t do this to me! Seth! Please! Let me out.”
I grit my teeth and focus, calling the flames. With Amelia screaming at me, I step into the Dreamscape.







I scream until my voice runs out. I pound the door, kick it until my foot aches. When that fails to budge it, I scan the room for something to smash through the tick barrier.
He left. Seth left me here. Alone.
I’m alone.
Nothing’s changed, really, but in this moment I’m lonelier than I could have ever imagined. He’s using mind games on me; they aren’t going to work.
That little stunt he pulled before he locked me in here won’t work, either. What kind of idiot does he take me for? I’m not going to fall for him just because he ran his hot tongue along my earlobe.
I ignore the shiver that snakes down my body and open the door he materialized out of a frigging wall. The cool brass handle gives under my twist. With the slightest pressure, the door slides open and a bright light blasts on, illuminating the most amazing bathroom that could ever exist.
A gigantic tub rests in the center of the room. It’s made of copper with dents concaving the outside like the scales of a fish. Mahogany cabinets line the soft green walls, and all I can think of doing is searching through them to see what’s inside. I’ve never been to a spa, but I doubt any of them could compete with this.
I find some bubble bath that smells like plums along with a sponge and shampoo. Smiling, I rush to the other room and grab some clothes to change into. Without hesitating, I turn and lock the door. He’s probably got a key. I might be stepping into his trap to get me naked, but at this moment, I need a bath so bad my skin aches for it.
I’ve only had one real bath in my life and that’s when Justine splurged for a fancy hotel on my sixteenth birthday. Unlike those shallow things that pose as tubs in the apartments we had, this one was deep. I took my time soaking. We were in between towns so it wasn’t like I had a crew to hang with anyway. She was so sweet to me that day. Took me to see a movie and got me some new clothes at the mall.
I’d tried to get her to take me to the discount stores, but she wouldn’t hear of it—said I needed something special for my big day.
I still have those jeans she paid a hundred bucks for. At least, I do. How did Seth get my stuff? Does he have my other things? Hope sprouts in my chest. Maybe he got Justine’s picture?
My head can’t seem to keep from shaking. I miss her so much it hurts my heart every day of my life, but maybe I won’t have to worry about that anymore. It’s not like I have a life now. If she could see me, what would my grandma think of me now?
Suddenly, I’m not so eager to take a bath. I’m not so willing to give in. Maybe I should let myself simmer in my sweat for a while, see how much Seth likes me then.
After I relieve my bladder, I bypass the tub and go back into the bedroom. He said all I had to do was ask for things and this room would magically give them to me, so I begin with something simple. “I want real light in here,” I say into the nothingness.
The room explodes with light from a source I can’t seem to find. I smile.
“I want a door out of this place,” I say, going right for the good stuff. Nothing happens. I sigh. Should have known he was telling the truth. I try again out of spite. “I want a million dollars.”
A whole bunch of neatly stacked bills appear on the bed. No freaking way!
I rush over to the money and take a crisp hundred between my fingers. Feels real enough. For a moment I get caught up in the rush. I gather as much of it into my arms as I can and sniff. My nose crinkles.
Somehow, I thought money would smell better. I shrug then throw myself onto the pile; pretty soon I’m covered in money. The fascination dies pretty quickly, though, so I try my request again. “Show me the front door.”
Nothing.
“Show me the back door.”
Nothing.
Damn.
I think for a minute then demand some chocolate from my friendly neighborhood genie room. It’s cool and all, but all I can think about is getting out of here. A basket filled with Belgian chocolate appears on my bed. I toss the money on the floor and rip through the plastic.
The first bite throws me for a spin. It’s soooo good. Better than any old yogurt could ever be, no matter what they tell people on TV.
Having no idea just how long I’ve wasted, I tell the room I want a clock with the real time on it. A cordless number appears on my nightstand, big glowing numbers and all that read six-forty-one AM.
After debating for an hour, I break down and take a bath. I even try not to enjoy it. When I walk into the bedroom, nothing’s different. Two hours have passed by without one peep from Seth or his dog.
Sure. Fido gets to go out for a stroll, but I’m locked up like the newest inmate.
My teeth grind together, creating this awful noise that makes me want to grind my teeth more. Why do I keep having to remind myself I’m Seth’s prisoner? It’s like a part of me would be more than happy to be buddies with him or something. So not cool of me.
After a while, I lie down and try to sleep. It doesn’t work, yet I’m so tired I can hardly keep my eyes open. Hoping it will help, I tell the lights to turn off and they do, then after only a few minutes I think of something. They blaze back on at my command, and I’m at Seth’s door faster than I should be able to move.
Weird. I shrug then try the knob. Still locked. “I want this door to open.”
It does.
The heat registers before the scene solidifies. His wall of fire is at full blaze, but it hasn’t scorched his room. In an odd way it looks like an upside down waterfall, or a really weird, psychedelic, supersized movie screen.
When I’m pretty sure it’s not going to rush at me like it did last time, I step into his room. Any other time I would have thought that what I was seeing was amazing, but right now all I can think about is where he’s gone. I check the hallway just to make sure, but I’ve spent too much time there already to be tempted by it again.
I take a step closer to the fire and an image flickers in the flames. It looks like a park, but the scene is dark and hard to make out. My feet move closer, even though I know I’m stupid for doing so.
As I step nearer, I’m able to make out other things. A picnic table takes shape, as does a streetlight down the way. The heat from the flames calls to me, beckoning me into its embrace. It’s like a drumbeat in my head. Come to me, come to me, come to me.
Part of my brain screams at me to turn around and jet back to my room, but that part is overshadowed by my curiosity, this strange compulsion I feel to take that first step through the flames. For some reason I’m no longer afraid of the fire, and I should be. What the heck’s wrong with me?
My muscles bunch as I anticipate moving through the flickering wall. Maybe that’s my way out of here? Maybe it’s like that science fiction show on TV where the characters move from world to world through gates made of water. I scrunch up my nose and bring my fingers closer to the flames. Just before the heat becomes too much, the flames part around my hand as if they will obey me. The heat clings to my skin, but it doesn’t burn exactly.
My body vibrates with excitement. Could it be this simple? Could I really leave? I glance over my shoulder, considering the money on the bed. It would take me a long time to blow through that much cash.
This is my chance. If I don’t take it, I might not ever be left alone again.
Not allowing myself to think about it further, I rush back into the room and grab as much money as I can fit into my jeans. I even stuff some into my bra.
When I’m done, I rush back into Seth’s room. The wall of flames dances and pops as I approach. I’m so stupid for trying this, but it’s my only shot.
The park scene is still visible, somehow familiar. It kind of looks like a park two blocks from Justine’s place. My gut clenches while my heartbeat pounds in my throat and roars in my ears.
Not sure what to expect, I thrust my fist through the barrier. Dizziness clamps onto my brain as my body hurtles through the barrier. I land on my hands and knees, skidding forward on the fresh-cut grass moist with morning dew.
A smile overtakes me.
I’m alive. I’m through.
Dawn is just around the corner. The breeze brings the earthy scent of bread baking. My throat tightens when I see Fred’s corner bakery. Oddly, I’m not hungry.
Not a soul lingers in the park or on the street I’ve walked every day for over a year.
Seth’s a liar. Justine’s place is two blocks from here.
When I glance behind me, his room flickers in and out of view. My mind can’t quite comprehend what I’m seeing, but it doesn’t matter. I need to hurry. He said he’d be gone a few hours. It’s been at least that long.
I can’t go back to Justine’s, so I head for the market. I need to find out what day it is. If he hasn’t had me too long, I might still be able to score a pad near the college.
Keeping to the shadows, I edge toward Forest Street, putting my back to the chaos of the past few days, or however long I’ve been with Seth.
My stomach tumbles to my toes at the mere thought of his reaction when he figures out I’m gone. He’ll try to find me again, but I plan to be on a bus or train.
I think I’ll head to Texas. I’ve always wanted to live near water warm enough to enjoy. Man, I hope it’s not Sunday. Nothing happens in Provo on Sunday.
Voices cut through my thoughts, making me stop short. I plaster myself against the nearest tree and strain to hear the rest of the conversation.
The bus stop is ahead of me, and I really don’t want to take a detour. If they are really into their conversation, they may not notice me when I walk by. Just in case, I stay in the tree line.
I inch nearer to the group, keeping as low as I can.
One deep voice in particular raises my hackles. Panic rushes through me. I can’t let him see me. He’ll drag me back.



Something is wrong here. Richard’s world has come alive in my absence.
The sounds, colors, and smells resonate a reality I have not experienced in decades. I’ve been working with Richard; however, he has not yet mastered enough control to be a permanent part of my team.
This will not do. “You must concentrate,” I tell him. If he doesn’t mute his world soon, the Erobos will come to investigate, and I will be forced to choose a different access portal. I will also have less time to train him.
His eyes clamp shut while his face contorts with his efforts. He peeks open an eye, only to shut it again when I shake my head. His expression deepens with concentration.
I place my hand on his shoulder, hoping to steady him.
That’s when I feel her. The life force that has transformed this world is not coming from Richard.
My lungs seize and my heartbeat jumps to my throat. Amelia can’t be here, yet there is no other explanation. All my work, all the time I’ve invested in her, will be for naught if the Erobos find her. Even if it is merely a scout that comes, it will mean a different course for my entire team. Kelsby warned me about this. He encouraged me to choose a different access portal before I involved Amelia. I hate it when he is right.
Anger flowers from my chest. How could she be here? I set every restriction before I left. Despite my anger and frustration, hope for the future springs forward until a smile twitches my mouth. If she can awaken this world with no training at all, what will she be able to do when fully trained?
When I straighten to locate her, Richard opens his eyes. He cocks his head back and shoves his hands into his pockets. “What’s wrong, boss?”
I hold my fingers to his lips and he pulls out his blade. Such a smart lad. Shows real promise.
I haven’t seen a dream world respond like this since Rhea cankered my life. In fact, most worlds have been depleted of substance, little by little, until, finally, they have been lost to Oneiroi influence.
I have guarded Richard for years now, and I have no intention of alerting the Erobos to him…just yet. He needs more training, as well as the woman that has sneaked into his realm uninvited.
I should have never left Amelia until she was ready, but my brothers could not handle the strain. Besides, I would have had to tell them about her and that is the last thing I wish to do right now. I’d like to make sure Amelia and I are okay before I risk discussing her.
Zed is the only one besides me with enough sense to seek out a recruit to aid him while he still has enough light to train her. Ian is too strong willed to desire a companion, and Peter?
He will not speak to me at all.
Hunching over until I’m eyelevel with Richard, I say, “Keep watch.”
He gives a nod and scans the trees.
With him guarding me, I concentrate on my mark, finding her energy a mere ten yards away. She’s hiding behind a tree, as if that could mask what she is.
Dark impulses flash in my mind, but I manage to push them away. Amelia’s presence at once intrigues and terrifies me.
Her purity radiates through the very air.
I have no desire to taint her.
Motioning for Richard to stay where he is, I scan the area for threats. Finding none, I advance on the girl.
A soft squeal rings out before she races toward the street, her long, dark hair flying out behind her like a cape. Her speed is impressive; it is not good enough to flee the darkness or me.
She glances back and her eyes widen. There is no real fear in her gaze and she needs some. She needs to understand what she walked into when she passed through the flames.
Taking no other thought, my body stiffens and my mind releases. My limbs shake and my muscles vibrate as I transform into a jungle cat.
Her scream echoes through the park and I roar in response. All else melts away until only she exists. The scent of her blood mixes with her sweat in an intoxicating potion. Instinct takes over and I bound forward, eating up the distance between us until her scent becomes my world.
When I am close enough I pounce. Her scream rings out when my paw hits her back. She rolls out of the way, but not fast enough.
I pin her, face up, my paws on her heaving chest. Terror radiates from her, but I won’t be distracted. I force myself to deny my need and bend closer to her face.
She stiffens, shaking and mewling softly. She’s had enough fright for one outing into the Dreamscape.
I focus and morph back to my human form. Her body shifts under my weight. As if she could wriggle away from me. I settle myself against her, pinning her hands by her face. Her ragged heartbeat thumps against my chest. Gulping, she shuts her eyes tight and shakes her head.
I allow myself a moment for composure before I speak. “What are you doing here, Amelia?”



My jaw clenches. Damn my curiosity. If I had just gotten the hell out of here when I had a chance, I wouldn’t be sandwiched between the cool grass and the beast of a man on top of me.
My mind still wants to deny what I’ve seen here. Magic doesn’t exist, but the hairline scratch on my collarbone tells me it does.
When I peek open an eye, Seth stares at me, apparently waiting for an answer.
“Get off me,” I say, going for calm but achieving this side of hysterical. Every part of me tingles where his body pushes against mine. No guy has ever been this close to me, and the sensations pulse and sizzle, overwhelming my mind and body.
Images of Jason flash through my memory, but Jason wasn’t real. No matter how many times I’d like to deny it, I can’t say the same thing for Seth. He’s as real as they come; his heat burns me.
My hands slide against his as I attempt to push him away. His eyes lock onto mine, exploring. What he’s looking for, I can only guess. Even so, I won’t give it to him.
A boy’s voice startles me. “Hey, I know you.”
I glance up to see the kid from down the hall at Justine’s place. “Richard?” My eyes dart to Seth. “That’s how you’ve gotten the goods on me.”
His chest rumbles on a dark laugh. “Actually, I found Richard through you.”
“You seem to be under the impression we know each other,” I tell him. “I’ve never seen you before you—took me.”
“Things aren’t always what they appear.”
“Right. How did you…”
He shifts and jumps off me, pulling me up with him. “We need to leave before you are detected.”
I shake my head. “No way! I’m not going back.”
“Amelia.”
“No. Look. I hate to tell you this, but you are creepy as hell. You know too much about me. I’ve got a life to live. Yeah, I’ve been in a tough spot, but I don’t need or want your help.”
His expression shifts until he’s frowning. When I glance at Richard he holds the same twist to his lips.
“Go home,” I tell Richard. “Your mom will be worried about you.”
He laughs. “Shows what you know. I am home.”
Incredulous, I stare at him. “You’re in on this too?”
Seth shushes us and something in the set of his shoulders makes me listen. I scan the area, wondering what’s made him so tense.
His hand clamps around mine as he yanks me into motion. I pull against him, but his grip is like getting out of handcuffs.
“They’re here,” he hisses, pulling harder. “Come on.”
“No way—”
Without a word the kid races away, his body blurring around the corner.
A screech cuts off my complaints. The noise pierces straight to my gut. It’s not a natural sound. When it comes again, I jump into a run, this time pulling Seth into motion. He bypasses me right away. My feet won’t move fast enough and my lungs ache from the pace Seth’s set.
I glance behind me and yelp. This time it’s not a tiger or anything I can name. Unnatural shadows dance on the wind, only solidifying when they reach the ground.
A line of men form, running the instant they have substance. I don’t have the breath to ask what they are. The air grows dark and thick. No matter what, I need to get away from them. I glance at Seth, who grunts with his increased efforts to escape. We’re running so fast, I’m not sure how it’s physically possible.
The screaming only intensifies and pretty soon, an army of men follow behind us. The leader is five or six paces ahead of the rest. He moves with the grace of a natural predator. My stomach tingles and swirls with panic and something else I don’t want to name. He’s covered in armor, as are the rest of them, but unlike the others, his face is bare, exposing chiseled features and the lightest blue eyes I’ve ever seen. They are as cold as a winter’s night.
He smiles at me, tilting his head as he outpaces us, as if he’s measuring me up.
“Seth!” I scream.
“Stop looking at them. Concentrate on the flames. When I toss you through, you have to have complete control.”
“Or what?”
His voice is frantic. “You will die.”
Somehow, I think it’s preferable to letting that guy get me. “I can do it,” I tell Seth. We’re nearly there. He’s not kidding. He grabs my arm at the elbow and flings me toward the molten barrier.
The world behind me disintegrates into a blur of orange flame. Heat registers, but, just like the first time I went through, the fire doesn’t burn me. It bends around my body until I careen out of it.
I hit the carpet and roll until my head smacks against Seth’s couch. My vision blurs and my ears ring.
Metal clattering sounds from behind me. I roll over and lift my head, my heart clenching for Seth. There has to be hundreds of men in that park. Why didn’t he just follow me?
The scene flickers in and out of focus, but I yelp as Seth swings a huge sword at that man’s head. The guy waits till the last second to spin away and the blade slices a thin line under his jaw. His dark hair falls over his forehead as he counters.
Seth catches his swing and their swords collide in an ear-splitting groan. Sparks fly around them and the man smiles.
His goon squad makes no attempt to rush the two. Who is this guy?
His bright blue eyes flit my way. “She’s stunning, brother. How good of you to deliver her to me.”
“Always presumptuous. She is not for you, Daegan,” says Seth. He steps back and slashes his blade again and again at the stranger.
Daegan laughs. “I thought you’d learned your lesson with the last one. Volos will be delighted. He has nearly used up your Rhea.”
I have no idea who any of these people are, but my body shrinks away from the darkness they’re throwing off.
Seth swings his sword again, his muscles coiled tight with furor. “Tell Volos Amelia is spoken for. He shall not have her, and neither will you, brother.”
Bristling, I make myself get up and walk to the barrier. They haven’t flinched or moved to acknowledge me, but both of their heads snap my way when I speak. “Neither of you are going to have me, let alone some douchebag named Volos.”
Seth shakes his head. “Go to your room.”
Who does he think he is? I flip him off then trace the fire with my finger. It follows my movements, swirling as if on the wind.
Daegan raises a finger and holds it against the barrier, mimicking me, only a few feet separating us. His flesh burns away until bone peeks out from blackened skin. The air grows thick from the stench.
Coughing and gagging, I gulp back pure fear and take a step back, then another and another until I stumble over Seth’s chair. The guy laughs, staring at me the entire time, deflecting each blow Seth sends at him with one arm. He takes his charred digit into his mouth and slowly pulls it out. Bile rises up my throat as I watch him. As it emerges, his flesh is whole.
A smile lifts the corners of his mouth when he releases his finger. It’s fine, as if nothing happened. He grins before he blows me a kiss.
Seth attacks with a furor I have never seen before. His fluid movements are hypnotic, dance like. Once he slices Daegan’s arm, he grunts and flips himself into the air, catching Daegan on the chin.
Daegan staggers backward, but is only temporarily thrown off-balance. It’s enough time for Seth to get in one last swing, which lands along Daegan’s shoulder, hacking off an arm.
Seth spins away and is through the barrier before I can blink. Daegan paces the line of fire, his eyes harboring a hatred that burns from the depths of his core.
“Do your worst,” he says, picking up his arm.
No blood oozes from the wound. His insides are as black as his soul.
Seth’s presence registers before he spins to face me. His eyes eat me up, making me jump to my feet and backtrack toward my room. So much emotion lingers in his gaze, my belly clenches and my heart stammers.
I inch away from him, but instead of coming after me, he turns back to Daegan. “With so much on the line, I shall do my best.” He walks toward the wall opposite his bed and a doorway emerges. He’s gone and back before I can make it through my door.
He holds a flashing orb, pressing something on the side. The thing beeps. “Give my regards to Rhea.”
Daegan frowns and his bright eyes find mine. I’m caught in them for a moment, but Seth blocks my view, tossing the ball through the flames.
The hordes of Erobos morph into ravens, all but the leader, who takes the form of a falcon. One piercing cry makes it to me before the charge goes off and the image flickers away into nothing but orange flame.
Seth turns around, his eyes intent on me. Sweat makes his skin glisten and mats his blond hair to his head.
When he takes a step forward, a squeak races up my throat. His blue eyes hold a savage edge. I slam the door shut and lock it, stepping away
“Amelia,” he says. “We need to talk.”
“Go away!” I yell through the door.
“No,” he says. “We will discuss this.”



I twist the knob, but it doesn’t budge. What in damnation is going on? Whose house is this anyway?
I pound on the door, yet I make sure my voice is level. “Amelia, I need to speak to you.”
“Go away,” she says again. Her voice is so full of fear it surrounds me.
Although it is nearly impossible, I manage to stay calm, despite the Erobos darkness I battle to expel. It will do me no good to make her fear me more than she already does. “I’m going to speak with you one way or another, so you might as well open the door.”
“Leave me alone. You’re a liar! I don’t want to talk.”
I grit my teeth and try to swallow my rage. “Amelia, I’m giving you to the count of three.”
She huffs, which only manages to infuriate me further. I bypass my counting and charge through her door; it shatters on impact.
When she jumps from the bed, I make myself stay put. My body ignites from one look at her. My being here is not the best idea right now, but I cannot make myself leave.
Luckily, the terror in her eyes quells my fervor. As it should be, she recoils away from me, backing toward the bathroom.
Calm down. I have to calm down. Daegan’s influence still has not left me completely.
I close my eyes and pinch the bridge of my nose. “How did you get into my room?” I ask. My voice is harsher than I want it to be.
She laughs, and it takes quite a lot of effort not to throttle her. When she finally gives me an answer, it’s not what I expect. “All I did was ask the door to open, and you’re acting like I just committed grand theft auto!”
I cross the distance between us in less time than she can make it into the bathroom. I don’t want to have to crash through another door, so I stop her. I expect her to scream when I grab her shoulder. She doesn’t.
Her eyes ice over before she looks from my face to my hand. “Let go of me, you freak!”
“Freak, am I? I’ve been called many things in my time, but freak has never been one of them.”
“Well, bully for you.”
“Amelia.”
She stares me down. “Seth.”
What I want to do right now is crash my lips against hers just to prove she’s still here, she’s real. I stop myself when I am a few inches away. She stares at me, bristling, but nothing she does will keep me from hearing the feral beat of her heart and the tension in her breath. “I need you to understand something very important.” I take her to the door and thrust a finger toward the flames. “I am not the worst thing out there. Within my realm, you are safe, but the moment you crossed into the Dreamscape, you were targeted. Do you understand what I’m saying?”
She sneers at me. When she yanks on her arm, I let her go. For now. “All I want is to go ho…” Her words die and she grits her teeth. “I just want out of here, okay?”
“No.”
“No?”
“You heard me.”
“Yeah, but I thought you might be reasonable. I don’t even know where we are. I don’t know what’s going on between you and that guy and those…things. I don’t really even care. It’s not my fight. Just let me go, and we’ll pretend this never happened.”
“But it has happened. You belong to me now.”
She shakes her head, her face taking on a pallor that highlights her trepidation. When she steps away from me, I’m reminded of how much she fears me, despite her bluster. As tasty as it is, her fear is not what I desire. It is not what I need.
If she will only give me a chance to show her, to explain, she will want to be here—I know it in my blood.
Her back is pressed to the wall, and she looks like she is going to either kick me or pass out.
“Please listen to me,” I coax, taking a step back. “I promise to give you answers, and I’m sorry for upsetting you, but you don’t know how much danger you were just in?”
Her expression morphs into pure desperation. “The only danger I need to worry about is you! You got me into this. Just let me go!”
I lower my head, not able to take the panic in her eyes. “I cannot. You need to accept this.” The truth is I need her to accept me. 







Seth wants me to accept this. What does that even mean?
Am I supposed to just give in? Am I supposed accept that other guy too? He was pure wrongness wrapped up in a pretty shell.
Speaking of pretty shells…Seth scares me more than I want to admit. It’s not that I think he would physically harm me. I’m more worried about keeping my wits.
A chill slithers down my spine, but I keep my cool. I’m waiting him out. I haven’t said anything to his demand that I accept this life because there’s really nothing to say.
He sits down on my bed, and I can’t quite believe how good he looks there.
Man, I wish he was ugly.
He smiles at me knowingly, so I figuratively wipe the drool from my mouth. I’m so stupid sometimes it kills me. When he motions for me to sit beside him, I scoff and slide down the wall to the floor, stretching my legs out in front of me.
His voice is soothing after being stuck here alone. Even though it wasn’t that long, it might as well have been days. “I know you still aren’t ready to accept the inexplicable things you’ve seen here,” he says, “yet how many times will you have to see before you believe?”
I make like I’m picking something out of my teeth. “It’s no longer a matter of accepting this reality. It’s about my survival. That guy…those things. I can’t even wrap my head around what they are.”
He shoves his fingers through his hair and takes a deep breath. “I had hoped to delay your introduction to the Erobos, even prevent it, but the minute you walked through that barrier, you took away most of our options.”
My back stiffens. “So now this is my fault?” I ask, mustering up the courage to look at him again. He sits there, still, with that knowing gleam in his eyes. What he thinks he knows about me, I’ll probably never find out; even still, I’m determined to prove him wrong. “Mind telling me how any of this is my fault? You brought me here. I don’t want to stay. I’d say this is your fault.”
He shrugs. “Does it matter? Now that the Erobos know about you, they will not stop looking for you again. Once they find you they will attack,” he says, his voice guarded. When my eyes bulge out of my head, he waves me off. “With one impetuous move you have changed the course for many people.”
I pull my knees to my chest and try to find an angle where he is wrong. “Look,” I say, my patience transparent at this point. “The truth is, I didn’t believe you. I’m sorry for messing up your plans, but I hardly think what I did could ruin your world.”
His blue eyes narrow at me and for a moment I’m lost in those volatile depths. “It is your world I fight for, Amelia. Do you think there is a single crevice you could hide in where Daegan wouldn’t find you? You’re deluding yourself. And here I thought you wanted the truth,” he says, making a sliver of fear shoot through my heart. There has to be a way out of this.
I glance at his dog, who just peeked into the room, to distract myself. “I do.”
He cocks his head, his blue eyes dancing with fire. “Would it surprise you to learn my entire team has been waiting for you? Would it surprise you to know I had planned on showing you everything and now I cannot risk taking you back into the Dreamscape for fear we will be ambushed on sight? Would it surprise you to know you have more to do with this plan than you remember?”
“I don’t know what the heck you’re talking about,” I say, darkness overwhelming me.
“That is because you do not listen, because you are too impetuous and refuse to see truth where it lies. I wanted to show you something important, but now I am not sure how I can. The complications are endless now.”
I steel my resolve again and grit my teeth. “If I’m so much trouble, just let me go.”
“I’ve already told you I have no way of granting that request, even if I wanted to, which I do not.” His head shakes, but he tilts it back and smiles. “You are such an insistent one. Where would you go if I could let you out of here, assuming Daegan didn’t accost you the minute you passed through the barrier?”
I smirk at him, pushing thoughts of darkness and Erobos out of my mind. “I’d find a place.”
He chuffs out a laugh. “With Roberto?”
I nearly gag, partly because that’s just gross and partly because I hate that he knows about my friend. “You’re sick.”
He leans against the pillows, twisting a smile at me. “Maybe, but I’m offering you more than you’ve ever had in your life.”
I glance at the wads of cash littering the floor, and so does he. There’s more than enough dough for Roberto’s restaurant he always talked about opening. I only wish I had a way to give it to him. “Yeah, everything except my freedom.”
“If there were any other way, I would—” Seth shakes his head. “No. I’m not going to lie to you. Every so often I am able to break free of my prison. I’ve learned to use the very limited time I have wisely. This time, I came for you. I’ve been waiting years to have you here with me, and I will do everything in my power to keep you here for a very, very long time.”
My throat seizes on a choke. I can’t breathe for a second, but I recover before he can reach me. “I don’t think I want to know the depths of sickdom you’ve sunken to. Just figure out a way to let me go.”
His voice dips low. “Don’t you want to know why I chose you? Don’t you want to know why Daegan wants you, would kill to get you? Please, just listen to me. After I have finished, you may choose to believe what you will, but until then I ask you to keep an open mind.”
I don’t want to care about Seth or his war. I don’t want to get involved in something that could end my life, and I don’t want to be curious. But I am, and as much as I’d like to deny it, it’s sort of nice to be wanted.
My lips press together, and I nod. “I’ll keep an open mind, but I want to know it all. Don’t lie to me anymore.”



Lie to Amelia? I have not set out to lie to her at all, yet her very demeanor tells me she does not trust me. She will in time.
“We should talk. I have much to explain and to show you. We might be more comfortable in my room, unless you’d like to lie here next to me?”
Her eyes dart to the door while her fingers curl into the carpet. I want more than anything to set her at ease. Unfortunately, she will not have an easy life with me. My mind spins with the reality of the situation. I can hardly believe how one simple act could change the course I must take. Her training will be difficult and even then I do not know if I will ever dare send her into the Dreamscape.
Daegan couldn’t have been clearer in his purpose. If Volos is after Amelia, she is truly special. Rhea’s golden eyes form in my memory. She was extraordinary, but she was not Sibylline. I am still not certain where Amelia’s bloodline originated, which complicates my decision even further. Hopefully Kelsby has found the source of her gift.
Finally, she looks up. Her intense expression could mean many things, but I choose to believe she has accepted her role. Her voice is infused with a steady calm her expression belies. “I’m ready…to hear it all.”
I nod and offer her a hand. To my surprise, she accepts. The tips of my fingers tingle from her touch, but I release her once she is stable. I had hoped to have years to train her, yet now, there is no telling how long we will have.
Once we are back in my quarters, I take my chair, watching Amelia drape herself over the couch. At any other moment, I would want to be near her, but not now.
Now is the time for truth. It is time for me to persuade her that she was already in this fight years ago.
Astonishingly, she stretches out, pulling a pillow behind her head and rolling to her side, facing me. She focuses on the firewall, her gaze growing distant after only a moment of staring. In all the excitement, I have failed to release the flames.
I get lost for a time in the flickering barrier as well. “It took many years of daily practice for me to learn to command them.”
“Years?” she asks, skepticism punctuating her question.
I laugh. “Some of us have to work for that which comes naturally to you.”
“I wouldn’t say any of this is natural.”
“Not for some,” I agree.
She frowns. “Who is Volos?”
“The simple answer? The creator of the Netherworld. Volos, in essence, made connections between worlds and realms where none existed, making our job much easier. He was once our greatest ally and leader. It was when he opened the world the Eros occupied that our reality shifted to critical.”
Amelia glances at the flames again. “What are Eros?”
“They are the shattered remains of one being that was cursed and eventually transformed from substance into energy.”
“Why was the being cursed?”
“Eros has many legends that have found their way into the Netherworld. He was a being of great power, capable of great mischief that eventually got him into trouble.”
Her eyes light with a curious spark. “What legends are you talking about? Come to think about it, the name does sound a bit familiar.”
“It should. Eros is love.”
“But love isn’t dark.”
“It can be, if jealousy slithers into it.”
“So who cursed him?”
“His wife.”
A slight frown puckers her brows. “What’d he do?”
“Eros was known for creating havoc between the gods.”
“Like Greek gods?”
“Doesn’t matter what you call them. They are the same beings. They are responsible for much that has happened to your world. They are also the reason Oneiroi were sent to protect humans.”
“Who sent you?”
“I still haven’t told you what Eros did to deserve his curse.”
“Don’t want to tell me, huh?”
“We don’t remember. Our memory before this world was erased when we came here.”
“But how do you know what happened to Eros?”
“Interaction with humans and other species through the Dreamscape and Netherworld.”
“This is too complicated. I’m never going to remember all this stuff.”
I smile at her. “You shall remember this.” She rolls her eyes, but doesn’t comment further. “Eros fell in love with a mortal.”
“Don’t they all?”
“Yes, well, this mortal captivated him and he succumbed to her charms. The two begat a child, but Eros was cursed before he could hold his offspring. His wife cursed him to long for a love he could never have.
“He hid the mother and child on the Earth, where his wife could not touch them, and tried to live the life he had enjoyed for so long. No amount of mischief could erase his pain, so he turned to creating love for others he could not have himself.
“In time, his need for love consumed him until he sought to steal the love of those he had enchanted. His curse overtook him and in an effort to escape, he shed his physical form. He became energy only, but energy needs a conduit. Without his shell, he shattered. Some say he still searches for the body he discarded.”
A disgusted twists pulls Amelia’s lips. “That’s horrible.”
“Yes, well, over the millennia the remains of Eros have turned to darkness completely, breeding chaos in each realm they infest. When Volos opened their prison, most fled into the Netherworld; however, a host stayed behind and invaded Volos, perhaps to attain physical form again. Some think the Eros search for a vessel strong enough to hold them all, even if it is not his original form. Apparently Volos did not meet that measure.
“Once infested, he sought council with our leaders; however, the darkness had already taken hold. He was isolated and evaluated. Eventually, attempts were made to remove the creatures from him. The Eros that were extracted found hosts in those who had tried to aid him. In mere minutes, they began to change as well.
“It was determined that the best course was to create a barrier between the Netherworld and the mortal realms, which is called the Metaspace. It was a necessary precaution, but the harsh environment and isolation caused desperation for those with no hope. We kept watch over the Metaspace until our numbers began to dwindle.
“By that point it was too late. The Eros had breached our barriers into the Netherworld. In essence, they advanced on our unlocked back door. We were so concerned about the mortals that we failed to protect our people and the connections they had to the Netherworld fell to the Eros once they were converted.”
She gives me a dubious look. “I’m going to pretend I understood the majority of what you just said. Why is everything so complicated?”
“Darkness has nearly won, Amelia. You can change that. You can shift the odds back in our favor. Before Daegan learned about you, I planned to teach you how to dampen your light. We desperately need willing recruits, but we cannot make the connections we need to find them without you. One of my brothers has a recruit as well, but as talented as she is she does not possess the level of power you do.”
“Power? What are you talking about?”
“I know of no easy way to explain this to you. Dreams are an important part of human life. They help the mind make sense of the world. They help dispel the darkness from the soul. You have a special talent for dispelling darkness, Amelia. Your soul is brighter than any I have seen, which has been more than you can imagine.”
She scoffs. “I’m nowhere near perfect. I don’t look for trouble, but—”
“Perfection is not meant for mortality. This is the time for you to choose sides. By the time you die, you will either seek the light or the darkness.”
“So let’s pretend all of this is true. What do we do now? Daegan knows about me. I won’t be able to find your key, and we will be stuck here until we die.”
“Once you crossed into my realm, you became immortal.”
She laughs. “Right, so I will live forever?”
“Humans cannot comprehend the longevity of the soul. The vessel of the soul may change, but the soul is forever. It is only substance that corrupts and must be controlled. Immortality means you will retain your physical form; however, that does not preclude you or me from getting hurt. At least in death, pain stops. For Oneiroi, we can regenerate, yet we feel. We bleed.”
She runs her fingers along the edge of a cushion. “And I am like you now?”
I frown, worried about the choice I must make. “Almost. Unless we are mated, if you return to the mortal realm, you will be fully mortal again.”



Mated? So many emotions roll inside me. The word mate mixed with Seth sends a zing through my belly. Heat branches out in my cheeks until I have to glance away from him. I don’t look away fast enough to miss his smile. I cringe, not because his smile alarms me, but because seeing it makes my heart ache for a man I will never have.
“I’m sorry,” he says, his voice soft with compassion. His smile reminds me of Jason in a strange way. In fact, he has many of the same mannerisms, which is really disturbing. I’m starting to wonder if Jason is one of the brothers Seth mentioned, but why wouldn’t he have come for me himself if that were the case? If Jason were real, I don’t know what I would do. “I have no desire to make you uncomfortable. I am merely attempting to explain things to you.”
I wave him off. “It’s fine. So, let me see if I understand what you’ve told me so far. We are on the brink of losing the Earth to the Erobos, which are what those guys that chased us are?” He nods and I take a deep breath to steady my heartbeat. “You think I agreed to come here?”
He shifts in his chair and crosses his legs. “You and I had an agreement.”
The surety in his tone makes me question all I think I know. “Why don’t I remember our agreement?”
His eyes sweep over me. “It’s complicated.”
“This whole thing is a little overwhelming, Seth, so I don’t think adding a little info to the mix is going to mean much of a difference. I’m asking you for answers, even if I won’t like them.”
He scratches the scruff that sharpens the angles of his jaw. “As I said before, I need to show you something, and that’s why it’s complicated. I no longer have the ability to show you what I need to easily.”
“But there is a way?”
“You are overwrought as it is. I am uncertain if showing you right now would be the best course.”
I sit up and pull my feet underneath me. “Yeah, I’m upset. Having my life threatened kind of does that to me, but I need to know what is going on.”
He nods, his blue eyes intense. “I blew the portal to Richard’s dream world. It was necessary. I could no longer take Daegan looking at you, and in the state I was in, I needed to sever his influence on me. However, I may have been a bit hasty. You see, I only have access to one other world at the moment and I am hesitant to call it forward. If I am to show you what you need to know, I need to use that world.”
I shrug and pick at a scab on my arm. “So what’s the problem? I’m not going to freak out.”
“You most definitely will freak out, Amelia. It is your dream world.”



Hope springs in my heart, but if I know Amelia, she will not take well to the news I will give her. I’ve been preparing for a new companion for a very long time, but I could have never prepared for the way this girl affects me. The truth is, it has only been four years since I first noticed her.
Her dreams called to me at a moment when I was particularly weak. She was the brightness that broke through my storm. I keep reminding myself she doesn’t remember the time we’ve spent together. When I show her who I am, will she continue to deny our connection to protect herself? Will she distance herself from me further?
That doesn’t matter. I won her over once. I can do it again.
All I have to do is be patient. Her full lips pinch together, making me wonder what she is thinking.
“It doesn’t matter,” she finally says. “I will try not to freak out, but you might be right if you’re talking about the place I think you are.”
It’s time to give her the truth in the simplest way I can, since even in her dreams that is how I won her over. “You have only had a mere taste of the conflict my team and I face every day. We had hoped you would be able to aid us. Now, with the Erobos fully aware of you, we will have to regroup.” I stand. “Before we proceed, there are some rules I need you to agree to.”
Her eyes cloud with distrust. “Yeah, what’s that?”
“First, I need you to promise me that no matter what you see you will not follow me into the Dreamscape.”
She gives me a derisive smirk and says, “As if. I’ve had enough of the place for today, thanks. What else?”
“You promise to discuss this with me once we are through.”
Her tongue darts out to wet her lips, and I am frozen watching her. Keeping my distance is much more difficult than I imagined. With any luck, I will no longer have to in a few minutes. I wait for her reply, which is a simple nod.
Whirling away from her, I move toward the pit, calling the flames. The wall of fire bursts forth and she lets out a yelp, no doubt remembering her burn. Such a foolish mistake. I needed her to trust me and the first thing I did was hurt her.
I look back at her before I step through the barrier. She sticks the tip of her finger into her mouth and nods. To distract myself, I close my eyes momentarily. “You will not be harmed, so long as you stay put. Do you understand?”
I wait for her to nod again before I move forward. When I reach the wall, I hesitate, letting her feel the heat of the flames, letting her process what is about to happen. Then I call her dream world forward. A smile stretches my mouth when I catch a glimpse of our waterfall.
She gasps, and I wait for her reaction to turn volatile. When she doesn’t say another word, I step through the flames.
I’m afraid to look at her, which only makes this moment harder to control. “Are you ready? Can you see me clearly? If you need to, you can move closer to the flames.” I tell her.
With the soft movements of a dancer, she folds her hands in her lap. “I think so. It’s just unbelievable…all this. I’ve never believed in the paranormal.”
My brows lift. “What about your mind reading?”
She scoffs. “I don’t read minds. Sometimes, I feel what other people do. That’s all.”
I give her a half smirk. “Who are you trying to convince here, Amelia?”
Her cordial expression shifts into a frown. “Just get on with it. I’m tired.”
I bet she is. It’s been three full days since I came for her. I’m not sure if she can’t sleep or won’t. If it’s the former, I can help. If it’s the latter, only time or exhaustion will handle her stubborn resolve.
Not knowing exactly where to start, I shift uncomfortably. I take a deep breath before I begin. “Before I show you, I’d like you to understand a few things. As I have told you, I need your help. You show more promise than any soul I’ve seen in more than nine hundred years. Not everyone can handle this life, but I’m convinced that you can.
“You see, I collect people with certain…talents. I have a team I’d like you to join. Richard, the lad from your old apartment complex, is part of that team.”
She stiffens while her eyes turn incredulous. “He’s just a boy.”
“A boy with a crush on you,” I say, smiling.
Her jaw muscles jump. “What does that have to do with anything? He’s a nice kid that shouldn’t be involved with that guy and his army. I don’t want anything bad to happen to him.”
“Neither do I, Amelia. Richard is doing his part to protect your world from the Erobos. Tis true he’s a lad, but that does not preclude him from being an asset to our cause.”
With every excuse I utter, her frown hardens. “Why can’t someone else help? Why does it have to be him?”
Her attachment to him is deeper than I could have guessed. “I must take those who respond to contact. Richard is talented. Since he knows you, you might be able to assist me in training him, once you are trained, of course, assuming we can figure a way around the obvious barrier of you being hunted now.”
“Of course,” she says, rolling the hem of her shirt between her fingers. “You take what you can get, right?”
“Precisely. I am hopeful that once you are trained, you will be able to recruit those who are out of my current reach. We could make real progress with your assistance.”
She cocks her head. “You want me to believe you have a whole army of dreamers out there waiting to help rid the Earth of the Erobos.”
“I not only have dreamers, like Richard. Other members of my team are not from your world.”
“Right,” she says. “So they are from that Netherworld place.”
“Not exactly. They came to the Dreamscape through the Netherworld.”
Her eyes narrow fractionally. “How?”
“Showing you will be preferable to telling you. There are some things that are not quite translatable into language. You exhibited much promise in the Dreamscape. I am eager to start your training.”
Going pale, she swallows. “What do you mean? You’re not talking about today, are you? You’ve seen me in the Dreamscape?” She lifts a hand, pointing to the landscape behind me. “In my dream world?”
I nod.
“I don’t remember seeing you, ever, especially in my dreams.”
“It’s time for me to disclose some truths to you, Amelia. This will be hard for you to face, but you must have this information before we can proceed with your training.”
Her face drains of the last remaining color she had, but with each word she utters her cheeks grow redder. “I’m ready.”
Our gazes lock. “I know you, Amelia, and you know me.” I motion at the pool. “This is the first place we met.”







My eyes can’t seem to stay still. I look at everything in the flames but Seth. There’s no way he should know about my most intimate dream, not to mention my most embarrassing, yet here he is violating the sanctuary I had with Jason, just like that other guy. Wow, I almost forgot about him. What was it he told me? I can’t remember at the moment, but maybe I should give it more thought. It may be significant. If Seth reached me through the Dreamscape, does that mean someone else could too?
My dreams have always been vivid, but this one was surreal. I was only fourteen when I had it the first time. I was lying on a used mattress infested with bedbugs. The itching was so bad sometimes I couldn’t sleep at all, but that night I fell into this amazing dream.
The first thing I noticed was a waterfall so high I could barely see the top. The cool mist caressed my already wet skin, taking away the sting of the bites all over my body. The next thing that caught my eye was the half-naked boy dipping into the pool not ten yards away from me.
His black hair was slicked back and his tanned skin glowed in the afternoon sun. I’d never had a dream like that one—the kind that feels so real you’re sure you’ll never wake up…but unfortunately I always did.
“I’ve never met you in a dream or otherwise. What’s your angle?” When he doesn’t answer right away, the tug of a frown pulls my lips. “Answer me!” I demand.
“I was there,” Seth says casually, taking a seat on my favorite rock and crossing his legs like one of those sophisticated businessmen Justine always drooled at.
For a moment I’m so mortified even my fingers blush, then I’m just mad. He had no right to see private moments like that. I give him a hard stare and say, “So you are a perv.”
He laughs. “It is not what you think, Amelia. Even though I do have the ability to monitor dreams—”
“Perv and a voyeur.”
He laughs again. Why does the sound make my stomach erupt with butterflies? Images from my favorite dream float into my mind—me, dipping a bare toe into the water. The first time my gaze connects with Jason’s. The way his dark hair falls over his forehead in that undeniably sexy way. His unusual eyes, the color of a morning sky.
I stare at Seth, who eyes me speculatively. He’s got the same-colored eyes as Jason. In fact, they share many traits. The strong jaw. The tall frame. The long, tapered fingers. The major difference is hair color, that and a few extra years. I mean, if you made Jason’s cheeks a bit more chiseled and cut a slight dimple in his chin, they could be brothers, or… My blood rushes to my toes. Is he saying he was there, there?
My hand covers my mouth, and I shoot to my feet. He did say he could transform, but I thought he just meant like into a leopard or something.
He stands, his eyes traveling over me. I’ve seen that look before.
It’s Jason. Seth is Jason.
Tears trickle down my face from just thinking of him. I haven’t dreamed of him in weeks. My dreams just stopped.
Seth stands there looking at me calmly, as if my world didn’t just disintegrate. “What is the matter, Amelia?”
I can’t let him know that I know. It’s too weird. All the feelings I’ve had for Jason rush into me, and all I want to do is join Seth in the place that feels like home to me, but I can’t reconcile the man in front of me with the one I met at the waterfall.
Why disguise his appearance at all?
A haunting sound comes from me, and I stand, shaking my head.
He grimaces. “You said you would try not to freak out.” When I don’t answer, he says, “Amelia? Talk to me, please.”
He can’t know what I’m thinking, but his tone says otherwise.
He’s only a few feet away. My heartbeat bangs so loud, I’m sure he can hear it.
Not knowing what else to do, I say, “Just show me, Seth.”



She knows.
My heart soars on a cloud. All I can think about is holding her like I’ve done so many times before, but now she will know whose arms are wrapped around her.
With her staring on from my living room, I shift. The air around me hums with electricity, and I close my eyes to focus on the transformation. It takes only a few seconds if I concentrate. “Hello, Amelia,” I say in a slightly higher voice. “It’s good to see you again.”
Her mouth falls open, but I force myself not to laugh at her bewildered expression. She stammers for a second. “You just—” Her hand covers her mouth as she sways on her feet. “Why?” she asks. Her face contorts in pain.
Taking a deep breath, I swallow my regret. “I thought it was necessary. If I could go back and change things, I would never have been anyone but myself with you.”
“How can I trust you? You lied to me.” She backs up toward her room. “I thought you were going to tell me Jason was your brother or part of your team.”
My pulse throbs in my ears. “I’m so sorry, Mel.”
“Don’t call me that! You’re not Jason. You can’t be Jason!” She folds her arms over her chest. “How could you use me like this?”
I scoff. “Use you? I’ve saved you.”
“I never asked you to do anything. I can take care of myself.”
“That was evident. You were about to be evicted.”
“Who the hell are you?”
“I’ve already explained this, Amelia.”
“Stop saying my name!”
“Why? Why does it bother you so badly?”
“I just—” Her chest heaves as her heart races. She tips forward, her eyes rolling back into her head; she’s going to swoon. She’s right. I am a jerk.
I rush forward and catch her before her knees hit the floor. I should have realized she wasn’t strong enough to face this yet. Even still, I know my options are limited.
She weighs so little, she’s like carrying a child. I protect her head with my shoulder and carry her to the couch.
Because I may not ever be able to do this again, I hold her close, savoring the feel of her weight in my lap. In this moment, my need for her is not sexual. I’m overcome with the desire to protect this woman, yet I have purposely placed her in harm’s way.
I inwardly scold myself for ruining her life. From the moment I first noticed her all I could think about was what I wanted, how she filled me with hope. Now all I can think about is how selfish I’ve been.
I tell myself I made the right choice. She was the strongest. I tested them all, but now, in this moment, I wish I had picked another. I could have made sure she had a prosperous life, but I chose to laden her with my burdens.
My fingers trace the sinewy line of her long neck. To feel her for real has been a dream of mine, yet this moment is more nightmare than dream.
Finally, her breathing steadies and her muscles relax. I will let her rest.
Giving Baltek a silent command to stay, I take Amelia back to her room. Releasing her is painful, but I make my arms lower her to the bed. I spread the blankets over her body and lean over her. A gulp of regret sticks in my throat as I allow myself to kiss her lips.
I square my shoulders and shut the door behind me.



Man that was a weird dream. I’ve had some doozies before, but this one has got to be the weirdest. I’ve got to get some food in me.
My body aches as if I haven’t moved in days. Even twisting to my side shoots pain down my back. I’m no old woman, so this worries me a little.
I shrug it off, though, because I don’t have time to think about stiff muscles. I’ve got to find new digs today.
Flashes from my dream still linger with me. The man, I even remember his name: Seth. A shiver slices through me. He was so real.
I’ve never had such a visceral response to a man that doesn’t exist before. Not even Jason. I stop my mind from going there. If I allow the corruption to spread, I won’t be able to distinguish the two men. Not that either exists, but Jason has been important to me. He’s given me hope when I didn’t have any. Now this Seth wants to take his place? I don’t think so.
It’s still pitch black outside. All I want to do is curl back into sleep, but my mouth is so dry, I could empty the Great Lakes. Even though my legs don’t want to move, I force them over the side of the bed. The minute my tootsies touch the carpet, panic hits me. It’s wrong. It’s all wrong.
The carpet in my apartment is berber, not this luscious junk under my feet.
Where am I?
A horrifying thought hits me. Is it possible I wasn’t dreaming?
My eyes slowly adjust to the darkness, and I slam them tight again when the silhouette of the wardrobe across the room comes into focus. I’m in Seth’s place.
Conflicting thoughts and emotions bombard me. Seth? Jason?
I’m out of my mind. I’ve been here so long, yet I couldn’t tell you how many days.
Dreams aren’t real, I tell myself again. He’s twisting your mind. He’s manipulating you. He gave you something to make you hallucinate.
The horrifying part is I don’t believe a word I’m thinking. I push down the anger I have for Seth, and think. What if what he has told me is true? What if he is one of those Onerwhatsits? He’s done his job. He took me to help him save the world. I get it now, yet all I want to do is leave. I don’t care if he is Jason. Jason was a lie.
The man in the next room is Seth, with his big arms and calm stare. He thinks he has me. He thinks he’s won. Apparently he didn’t get to know me all that well while we were making out.
The memories of our time together flood me. Heat flames my face, pools in my belly, and rushes all the way to my toes. I tell myself I couldn’t control what happened in my dreams, but it still humiliates me to think he’s seen me naked, at least the dream version of me.
The truth is I’ve never kissed a boy in real life. I’m a sorry excuse for a girl these days, but I moved around so much, I never got to know anybody. Most boys in school gave me so much berth I might as well have been the Titanic.
I run my fingers through my matted hair, hardly noticing the pain when they get stuck. I need another bath. When I sniff my armpits, I want to pass out again.
How freaking humiliating. I passed out. I’m such a wimp. I couldn’t handle all the feelings rushing through me. At least, I think that’s why it happened.
I shake my head at myself. Whining isn’t going to change a thing. It’s time to do something. First priority is to get clean. Second priority is to get a few things straight with Seth.
He may think he knows me, but he doesn’t know jack. After I’m done with him, he’s gonna wish he left me alone. I’ll help him find the key to get out of here, but that’s it. That’s all he wanted from me, anyway.
I take my time in the shower, letting the fruity conditioner linger in my hair. All the while I’m trying to figure out the best way to approach this. I mostly know what I’m going to say to him, but for some unholy reason, I’m nervous. I don’t do nervous, so this just makes me even madder at him.
Once I’m dressed, I brush my teeth and comb through my wet hair. I’ve stalled all I’m going to, so I look myself in the eye and tell the fragile girl staring back at me to be brave.
Then I walk into Seth’s room.



The minute I hear her open the door, I want nothing more than to go to her, to fold her in my arms again, but I keep my back turned.
The empty sound of the infernal pendulum punctuates the silence between us. Is she staring at me? Not that it really matters. We will spend countless years together. There is time for silence.
She takes a deep breath, which allows me to gauge where she is. If my calculations are right, she’s standing three feet from my bed.
“Seth?” she asks softly.
She must think I’m sleeping. I honestly thought she’d barge in here the minute she woke up to demand more answers, but she’s taken the time to shower and now she’s concerned she’ll wake me?
I like this softer side of her. Such a shame she hasn’t been able to develop her gentler attributes. Hopefully, here she will feel safe.
When she approaches, I turn to face her. The deep brown of her hair has transformed to black in its wet state, which only intensifies her wary green eyes.
For a moment, when our gazes lock, her expression softens. In that moment, I begin to hope. Then she slams a wall up between us.
“Get up,” she says. “I’m here for answers.”
That’s my girl. I nod and stand.
When she takes in my state of undress her eyes flare and her face reddens. She whirls around and marches over to the couch. What is the problem? I’ve worn sleep pants just for her sake. The truth is I usually rest in the nude, but knowing how much she fears me, walking around the house like that is not a good idea.
When she sits, I take my place across from her. Her skin has gone pale and her eyes won’t stay still. She’s looking everywhere but at me. It takes me a minute to realize I should don a shirt. I stand and she startles. How many times will it take before she trusts me?
“You must excuse me, Amelia. I’ll only be a second.” I feel her gaze as I walk to the wall by my bed. When I call the door and open my closet, she gasps.
That’s right. She hasn’t seen the rest of my room. What will she do when I show her the entirety of my realm? A place meant for multitudes that houses two people.
Before I can pull the T-shirt over my head, she’s at the door peering in. “This is the weirdest house ever,” she says.
I glance at her over my shoulder and follow her gaze down to my lower half. Is she checking me out?
“I’ve seen stranger in my time,” I tell her.
She’s back at the sofa, pulling her legs up in that way she does before I can even get halfway across the room. Her speed is increasing, and it appears she does not realize how much she’s changed since coming here.
“What would you like to discuss?” I ask, although I can guess.
Her question surprises me. “How does it work?”
I glance at her. “Which aspect?”
“All of it. I want to know what you expect from me.”
What I expect and what I want can’t be the same thing at this moment in time, but there is always hope. Knowing Amelia like I do, I make no pretense when I answer her. “I still need to figure out the details with my team, but I’d like to start your training. I think I’ve come up with a way you can still aid me while not being in as much danger from the Erobos. I could use your help securing more agents, which can be done while you train and while we search for the key. I’m no longer strong enough to influence the number of people already under my care. I’m going to be straight with you. There is one man I need to acquire, yet he is just beyond my reach right now. With your help, it might just be possible.”
She frowns, twisting a strand of her dark hair around a slender finger. “So you’re willing to put me in danger as long as it’s not that much?”
I blink a few times, forcing myself to keep my attention where it should be, away from the slope of her neck and the gray of her eyes as they change in this light. “The risk is minimal, but it is real. With Daegan knowing about you, the moment you enter the Dreamscape—”
“Hang on a second there, buddy. You said I couldn’t enter the Dreamscape again. Now I can? What’s changed?”
“Normally, you wouldn’t be able to, but your power is strong. If I taught you how to access a world through your dreams, there is a possibility you could influence the Dream without being physically present. I’ve never seen someone with as much power as you have.”
She scrunches up her nose. “What are you talking about?”
“When you were in Richard’s world, you brought it to life. That is why the Erobos came. No world is that vibrant any longer. Those who still resist their influence still have color, but most worlds are sepia or even black and white.”
“Why does color matter?”
“The dreamer’s world reflects the life force of the dreamer. Richard has learned to dampen his realm, but he could not reverse your influence even when he used his training. I could be wrong, but I don’t think so. You could essentially wield the same or more power while in a dream state as an ordinary Sibylline could while physically present in the Dreamscape.”
“But you don’t know this for sure?”
“It is still a theory I’m hoping you’re willing to test.”







Seth wants me to trust him. I have no idea how to answer him, and he’s staring at me with those penetrating blue eyes of his, willing my mouth to move. “Okay,” I say. “I’m in. What’s next?”
He shakes his head. “You are not ready. This process isn’t something you pick up on in a day. There is much to teach you, and I am eager to get started, but I want you to be certain you are ready to proceed. Once we begin on this path, it will be difficult for me to slow down.”
At least he’s honest. He told me he’d be honest with me. Maybe I’ve been wrong about him? Maybe he’s been telling the truth? Instead of comforting me, I cringe. Sometimes the truth bites. I nod at him. “Thanks for the warning, but I’m sick of sitting around. I want something to do.” The truth is, I need something to keep my mind off him.
He walks over to the couch and gazes down at me before he sits beside me. “I’m sorry for not identifying myself sooner. Somehow, I thought your transition to the team would be easier if you considered me a stranger. Here, I cannot go easy on you, and I will not relent until you are ready. Unlike our times in the Dreamscape, training will be intense. Do you understand?”
I swallow my sudden nerves and nod. “Got it, boss. So how do we begin?”
He stands up. “Come with me.”
I chuckle. “Where?”
He cracks his knuckles, one by one. “You’ll see,” he says, his smile turning mischievous.
I snort in some air then cough when it gets sort of stuck. It seems I can’t do anything right around this guy, which bugs the snot out of me. I join him and motion for him to lead the way. He makes a stop at his closet and says without turning around, “In your wardrobe, three drawers down on the left, is some gear. Put it on. I’ll join you shortly.”
I harrumph as I meander into my room. The minute I’m inside, I lock the door behind me. He’s not getting in here while I’m changing. It doesn’t slip my mind that he could just knock the door down like he did before, but the idea of leaving the lock unturned sends a fluttery lump to my belly.
Hoping I’m faster than him, I wrench the drawer open and stare at black leather.
Seriously? He’s got to be joking.
The first item I pull out is a vest. There’s a jacket with spikes on the elbows and wrists. I laugh. He’s sick. So freaking sick, even the pants have the same metal spikes on the knees and around the hem—that might barely slide over my heels.
I shake my head and hold up the vest. It looks like something Xena would wear. I’m no warrior princess, so I don’t exactly know what to think about all this.
He knocks on the door. “Are you ready?” His voice is full of eager excitement.
I smile, then remind myself he’s not Jason. “Give me a minute. I still have to put up my hair.”
“Take whatever time you need,” he replies, but there’s an edge to his tone.
Would two years be too long? For safe measure I take my gear and walk into the bathroom. A girl can never be too safe, Justine used to say. I think I’m beginning to catch her meaning.
Once on, the clothes hug my curves like they were sewn into place. I look good, which isn’t necessarily a good thing in my current predicament.
I grab a hair band and throw my hair into a high ponytail. Isn’t that what all the kick-butt heroines are supposed to do? I give myself a shrug in the mirror and go to find Seth.
He’s standing at the door, hand poised to knock when I open it. A sheepish grin slides into place before his eyes travel down my body. I should be creeped out by this, but somehow it excites me that he’s checking me out. I am so lame it scares me.
His deep voice says words I’m not paying attention to because all I can do is stare back at him.
He’s wearing leather, too.
Oh, holy night, this guy is so hot he could char the sun.
I give him a nod then move to walk past him, but he steps in front of me. “Didn’t you hear me?”
I cringe because I am so caught. I consider throwing out a just testing you sort of statement, but I inwardly shrug and smile at him, letting smug eat up my features. “I really wasn’t paying attention.”
He grins, which makes him look like he’s fifteen. He is not Jason. He is not Jason, I tell myself, but my stupid mind isn’t listening.
He bites his bottom lip, and my heart takes off. Stupid. Stop it. I’ve got to get a grip. He leans toward me and his scent wafts through the air, taunting me to move in even closer.
Man, I’ve got to stop this. But the problem is, I don’t have a clue how to do such a thing.
His eyes catch mine, and I’m stuck in their oceanic depths. He gives me a knowing smirk. “I said,” his gaze travels to my feet, “you might want to put on some shoes.”
My head flies with embarrassment while all my blood seems excited to have a party in my exposed toes. “Um…” I say. Real classy, Amelia. “Let me…” I motion toward my wardrobe and give him a smile. “I’ll be right back.”
His laugh follows me into my room. I try to avoid my reflection, but it pulls my eyes like a tractor beam. When I meet my mirror self, my skin is pink, nearly magenta even. Not only that, a sheen of sweat glistens on my forehead. Great. Just great.
How did I turn into such a sucker? I’ve got to get myself under control, or I will never be able to leave this place. I won’t want to.
Just the idea of not going into the sun again makes my skin paler. I find some socks and throw on my shoes. It hasn’t been more than a couple minutes, but when I turn around, Seth leans against the doorframe watching me as though I’m a video he’s been aching to see.
Unlike mine, his body language is casual. I march up to him and give him a glare.
He grins, pumping his eyebrows. “Oh, this is going to be fun.” With a flick of his head, he says, “Right this way.”
As if we have unlimited time, he detaches his long frame from the door and heads into his room. If I hadn’t already seen his Houdini act, I might have been surprised when he makes a new door appear on the wall opposite his bed.
For a minute I consider telling him just how much of a jerk he is to let me think this place was so stifling, but how would that be helpful? Besides, the door he’s sprung leads to a hallway. I’m all for seeing the rest of his place. Maybe at some point I’ll find a window to crawl out of.
Unlike the weird hallway to nowhere, this one leads to a spacious room full of weights and an arena with padded floors. Next he’s going to tell me I have to fight him. Considering how much bigger he is than me is bad enough, but knowing what I do about his abilities, the idea is absurd.
I follow him into the middle of the blue mat, taking in the scent of rubber and sweat. Great combination. I make like I’m wiping my nose just to get a whiff of hand soap.
It helps, but it doesn’t take away the headache spreading along my skull toward my eyes. “Why are we here,” I ask when he doesn’t say anything.
“If you want to cross into the Dreamscape, even in a dream state, you will have to know how to handle yourself. The creatures you will face are many. They are nothing if not resourceful. I will not always be with you; therefore, I must make sure you are able to defend yourself when the need arises. Your gear is designed to protect you. Erobos are not quite substance. The Eros they harbor set them at a slight disadvantage. Erobos loose the hold they have on the Dreamscape when they are injured.”
I expect him to explain more and he doesn’t. “What aren’t you telling me?”
“The information will be meaningless until you have contact with them.”
Easy out, if you ask me. I cock my head to the side. My voice comes out gravely. “I can take care of myself.”
“I’m not disputing that, Amelia. Trust me. I know what you are capable of. It’s one of the reasons I chose you, but dealing with humans, although dangerous at times, is not comparable to dealing with Erobos. They are ruthless. If they detect a weakness in you, they will attack.”
The image of the man with the bright eyes shimmers in my mind. Even in my memory, his penetrating stare still leaves me breathless. I shake my head. “Fine. They’re worse than Voldemort. I get it. Just get going already.”
After giving me a questioning glance, he smiles. “Oh. I intend to. Make no mistake.”



Amelia stares me down, or at least she’s trying to. I suppress the laugh that wants to rise up my throat. She might as well puff out her chest and strut around like a peacock.
She’s cocky all right, and I like that about her, but I have to break her of this. Overconfidence isn’t something I can allow in her.
If she rolls her eyes at me one more time, I might just have to show her how unprepared she is. I’d planned on taking her training slow, but reconsider my approach. She’s too stuck on her own abilities. Unfortunately, I know exactly where allowing a hearty ego to grow can lead if left unchecked.
This life isn’t easy. She’s got to understand that one simple fact before anything else will matter. When I don’t speak up, she takes the opportunity to explore my gym.
It’s not much—pretty outdated if I am being unbiased, but I’ve found older equipment to be more useful in training than what passes for equipment these days. Oneiroi need to be swift and agile. Even if Amelia can assist us in a dream state, at one point or another she will have to traverse the Metaspace and the Netherworld if we are to be freed. Unnecessary bulk can only lead to bad timing in a hard situation. Fractions of a second can make a difference where Erobos are concerned.
Amelia runs her fingers along the rope ladder in the corner. My obstacle course would test the stamina of Hercules. Fortunately for her, she is already stronger than any demigod could ever be. She is mortal, but her body has adjusted to my realm. Given enough time, she will be stronger than any Erobos, including Daegan.
She turns back to me expectantly. “Go ahead,” I tell her, giving her a challenging stare.
She scoffs, but I see it in her eyes: the hunger. I’ve got to nurture that part of her until it becomes an unquenchable need. She gives me one last glance before she takes off. With the agility of a squirrel, she’s at the top platform doing a victory dance in roughly three seconds. Even though that time is amazing for a human, I will have to shave off a second if she is to be useful to me in the Dreamscape. Her eyes are bright with triumph, and the way she stares at me reminds me of our last adventure together, before I took her.
At my challenge, she swan dived into our pool from a forty foot ledge. It was the single most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen, as if she was born to fly and got the wrong body.
It’s hard for me to not notice her beauty, but I can’t allow myself to focus on that part of her right now. I am here to train a champion. She is already a fighter, so my work should be fairly easy, but somehow I can’t see things going smoothly.
When I grin at her, her face splits into a rewarding smile. “Beat that,” she says, taunting me with another victory dance.
I give her all of half a second to ponder what I’m going to do before I’m standing next to her. Her eyebrows furrow and she glances to where I stood only moments before.
Her voice comes out raspy. “Wait. That was. Holy cow! I mean, you just, like, flashed up here.”
She stares at me as though I might spontaneously combust at any moment, and I can’t help but laugh. “Something like that,” I tell her. I think I am getting better at adapting to her dialect. It never ceases to throw me when I first begin conversation with a recruit. I’m able to adjust in the Dreamscape, where my power affords me convenience, but it is difficult to keep up pretense when I am in my own home. Giving her a nudge, I say, “Do it again.”
She takes longer climbing down. I frown. If she is afraid of heights, this may be a weak spot to overcome. Many times humans are willing to do things in their dreams they would never do in the mortal realm.
“Ready?” she asks, and I nod, amused she feels she has to ask my permission.
Her time is better, but only slightly. I expected nothing more, yet her spirits deflate when I tell her.
As if of their own volition, my fingers find their way to her cheek. She flinches, but she lets me touch her. My heart thuds in my chest as I trace her hairline and push a lock of hair behind her ear. “Don’t worry,” I say, aching to hold her. “It won’t be long before you will outpace me.” A scoff shoots up her throat, but I won’t let her downplay who she is. “Amelia, you were born for this life. Embrace what makes you special.”
Without saying a word, she descends the ladder and we go through the motions again and again. I instruct her where to place her hands and when to use the most force to propel her body upward, applying the most efficient pace, but she doesn’t believe me.
I shake my head at her. “Agility will be much easier for you in the Dreamscape, especially since you won’t be physically present. What you have to focus on now are the movements. Athletes in you world know this as muscle memory. In the Dreamscape, such skill means survival. Each movement must be second nature to you when we enter the other realm.” For all I know we will be ambushed immediately, but I don’t want to worry her, so I leave that part out. Erobos can still influence her. They can also steal part of her soul if she allows them access.
“What is it like?” she asks, taking a step back from me and lowering to the platform. Her legs dangle over the edge, the unhurried movements of youth, reminding me how uncorrupted she truly is.
I focus on answering her, even though I would rather test our limits. She let me touch her. What else will she allow me to do? I straighten my shoulders and sit at a comfortable distance next to her. “The Dreamscape changes constantly. It mostly comes from mortal dreams, while some of the stable worlds, we call them sub-realms, are derived from imagination. That only happens when the mortal has a strong presence. Even those worlds shift from time to time when the creator changes or dies. The current terrain of sub-realms reflects modern ideals. Every mortal dreamer adds to the landscape of a sub-realm; therefore, you could walk into a 1950s café, or you could just as easily end up on a spaceship.”
Her eyes widen, growing distant, as if she has already transported. When she speaks, her voice is distant as well. “So anything is possible.”
“In essence, yes.”
She studies her hands for a moment, then visibly swallows. “Could I see Justine there?”
My heart squeezes in response to her question. She has lost so much. “It is unlikely,” I tell her, even though I want to give her a different answer. “I do not believe she had a broken soul when she passed.”
“Oh,” she says, shaking her head. “Okay. Good. Good to know.” Her body hardens with her tone.
Taking a chance, I reach out and pull her hand into mine. My pulse races when she allows this small contact. “I cannot bring back your loved ones, Amelia, but I hope to one day be counted among those you trust.”
She nods and stands up. “What now?”
My mind takes a minute to catch up to her withdrawal. Even though she is only a few feet away, the distance between us might as well be a mile. Better to know where I stand. “You must be hungry,” I say to create a diversion. “Perhaps we should break for lunch?”
“Seth?” she asks, her voice small.
I force my hands into my pockets to keep myself from pulling her into my arms. “Hmm?”
“It’s not you. I just don’t do people very well.”
This is what I am counting on. I don’t want one of my brothers to swoop in and steal her. Zed is mostly taken, but the other two are still searching for a companion. “You just need to get to know me better.” I give her a smile. “I promise to grow on you.”
She scrunches up her face. “What, like some kind of icky mushroom? No thanks.”
I laugh, and she smiles. It is good to see her smile.



He’s getting to me. I keep telling myself he isn’t Jason, but damned if he doesn’t act like him. This is just too weird. I mean, here I am with this gorgeous guy, who is most definitely real, who is most definitely into me, and I can’t even look him in the eyes.
As much as I’d like to explore possibilities with him, it scares me to think of him at all, let alone to allow myself to hope where he is concerned. People hurt me. I need to remember that. When I told him I wasn’t good with people, I was being completely honest. Friend is the real F word in my book. Although, it would be nice to allow myself to feel for once. I just worry that I might not be able to feel for other people at all anymore.
Sure, he makes my heart spasm, but that might be just lust. How can I know for sure that I have a real connection with Seth?
Jason was so kind to me. He made me feel hope when I didn’t have any. Seth has an agenda, and I’m part of it. ‘Nough said.
Done with training for now, we walk side by side, silent. I’m not exactly eager to go to his room, but it seems to be where he spends most of his time.
Is he having trouble finding things to talk about too, safe things that won’t unleash World War III on the world as I know it?
I hope so. All I need is to have him bring up our past. It wasn’t real. He should know that, yet I doubt things are as clear cut for him. I don’t even know if it’s that clear cut for me anymore. This is his world we’re talking about, and I’m nothing but a stranger.
When we enter his shrine, my chest tightens. Every time I see the pit lining the room, I’m reminded of how trapped I am. How can Seth stand it?
Even just being entombed here as long as I have has left a mark on me. Getting out of the creepy room for even the smallest amount of time has helped my focus, but I have no idea if we’ll train more today. Worse, I have no idea if he will lock me in my room again so he can traverse the Dreamscape without me.
He opens my door and ushers me inside. Heavenly aromas greet me, and only now does my hunger gnaw a hole in my stomach.
I don’t wait for him before I bypass his sofa and bound over to the table. It’s set like a fancy restaurant with a crisp white table cloth, glowing candles, and silky napkins. I’m already seated by the time he reaches it. Giving him a sly smile, I dig in.
He frowns at me, but I don’t care. It’s not like I need his permission to eat. I’m a big girl with the panties to prove it. Staring at him while thinking about panties is just the wrong thing to do, so I look at my meal instead. “Lasagna?” I ask, only afterward realizing how stupid I sound. Of course it’s lasagna. What else would it be?
He chuckles. “Don’t you like it?”
I shrug. Whatever. It’s not like I care what he thinks anyway. He’s a freak. My internal wimp asks me what that makes me, but I ignore her and enjoy my food.
Seth’s dog peeks his head into the room and gives a good whine that hurts my ears. Seth, having his back to the door, doesn’t turn around. Instead, he motions for the dog to enter.
It’s a huge grayish thing. I think it might be a greyhound, but I’m not too sure. I don’t think they usually come that shaggy. “What kind of dog is he, anyway?”
“Baltek descends from a long line of royalty.” When I raise my eyebrows at him, he gets to it. “He’s Irish Wolfhound.”
Shows what I know about dogs. All I know is this one is big. I’ve tried to ignore him since I came here because I bet the thing would be taller than me on its hind legs. Worse, I bet it could fit my entire head into its mouth.
It might even be taller than Seth. One day I’m gonna find out, but today is not that day. The thing glares at me as if he really is thinking about eating my head.
Seth hands Baltek a slice of garlic bread, which gets downed in two bites. Comforting.
The dog then turns its penetrating stare on me. We’re going to have problems if he thinks he’s taking off with my food. I just worked out for hours, while he warmed his lazy bones by the fire. My muscles still burn. I wouldn’t be surprised if I can’t walk tomorrow. I stare him down until a growl rises up its throat.
Would it be terrible if I growled back? I consider this for a moment, then decide to steal a piece of bread from the basket to give him.
I hold it out, and he takes it gently into his mouth. Our eyes lock again, and some kind of connection is formed. This weird sort of warmth spreads from my chest into my fingertips.
I’ve never quite understood why people dote on their animals, as if they’re their kids or something, but I’m beginning to get it. I’m already thinking about handing him another piece just to see if the warmth turns into something else, when the unthinkable happens.
He licks me. I stare, frozen solid from the contact.
I’ve never been licked by an animal. On the rare occasion I even came across one, I gave it as wide a berth as I could.
I can’t help but laugh.
Baltek must take this as his sign to attack because one minute I’m sitting upright and the next I’m on my back as he licks my face with his gigantic tongue.
My stomach erupts in this strange jubilance that’s as foreign to me as China, and pretty soon Seth’s laugh mixes with mine. Baltek puts his whole effort into it and slimes my entire face. He manages to get my arm before Seth calls him off me.
Seth kneels at my side and helps me up before he lifts the chair onto its legs.
Now that the action is over, embarrassment climbs up my neck. Not knowing what to do with my emotions, I avoid Seth’s searching stare and excuse myself. I make it into the bathroom and lock the door behind me before covering my heaving chest.
What the hell just happened?



Amelia’s laugh is the most amazing thing I’ve ever heard. The sound rings through me like a morning sunrise. No sound has ever affected me like this, and I want more.
I pat Baltek’s head and give him the rest of my food. I can’t eat now, not when we have achieved such progress. For the first time since I’ve had her in my realm, Amelia showed signs of true happiness.
If I know her, she is attempting to downplay what just happened. I will not let her justify her feelings away.
I knock on the door that separates us. “Amelia?” I call, trying to infuse lighthearted airiness into my voice.
“I’m busy,” she says. “What do you want?”
She’s already accomplished what I set out to stop. I’m tempted to insist we talk about what happened, but I change tactics. “I’ll meet you in the training room,” I say. For emphasis, I stop halfway out of her room and call over my shoulder, “You still remember how to get there?”
“Sure,” she says, her voice filled with relief. “See you in a few.”
I nod at the door as if she can see me, then make myself leave. She has to learn to trust me, and me hovering over her right now is probably not the best use of my time.
Before I head back to the training room, I let Baltek into the conservatory. He needs to stretch his legs, and this is the only place in my realm he can do so. Since the curse took hold, it is difficult for me to maintain more than a few rooms at a time.
Once inside the wide open space, he bounds away, heading for his usual spot under a large pine. He’s been stalking a squirrel there for decades. I can’t bring myself to tell him the poor thing died years ago.
I’ve got something new for him to chase, but I haven’t released his companion just yet. I called her here just before I picked up Amelia. With the portal open, she was easy to locate and transport. Animals are much easier to convince than humans. She’s still learning to trust me, though, which is essential when it is time for one of her pups to replace Baltek. His line has served me for millennia, and I intend to keep it going.
I’ve considered keeping more dogs on a regular basis, but time constraints put a burden on my animals. They spend countless hours alone.
Since he isn’t paying attention to me anymore, I leave. He’ll be happy in here for a while without outside entertainment.
I hurry down the hall, hoping I’ve beat Amelia to the training room. It’s empty when I walk in, so I take the opportunity to get in some cardio. I’m three-quarters of the way through the course for the twentieth time when her scent hits me square in the face. It might as well have been a blow for how it throws me off-balance.
I manage to recover before I do, indeed, eat rubber, but it’s clear she’s seen me flounder when I turn around.
Her face is aglow with amusement. Normally this would irritate me, but somehow, I find the whole thing funny, too. A strangled chuckle arises from me. It’s clear I need to practice more.
Now that Amelia is with me, I will have plenty of opportunities for pleasure, I hope.
Instead of teasing me like I think she will, she simply asks, “So what now?”
I consider this for a while until I come up with something that will require us to be in close quarters. If I do this right, she won’t see through my pretense.
“How much hand-to-hand combat have you had?”
She scoffs but smiles. “More than Justine wanted me to. Why?”
She’s overconfident. This will be entertaining. “That’s good news.”
“It is?”
“Mmm. Erobos can sneak up on you when you least expect it. Like us, in the Dreamscape they can take any form, so you have to be prepared.”
“Us?” she asks. “Speak for yourself, buddy. I don’t know the first thing about shifting forms.”
I have so much to teach her, but this day is for winning her trust and, if my luck holds out, maybe a small piece of her heart. “That is another thing I need to teach you,” I tell her.
She lifts up her hand and studies it as if it is a foreign substance. I laugh, and it lights my soul a bit more. Although I’ve had companions in the past, they have never affected me this profoundly. Something about this girl sings to me.
“Come here,” I say.
Her eyes lift to mine, immediately wary. I had hoped showing her that she knew me already would help speed up the process, but it may have been a mistake. I’m starting to think I should have waited to reveal who I was. “Amelia, please trust me.”
She gives a half nod, as though she is only half committed to the effort. If that’s all she’ll give me, I’ll take it. She walks as if slogging through setting concrete, each step appearing more difficult than the last.
I turn up my lips, hoping it resembles a smile, but she’s not looking at me. She’s staring at her shoes. I shouldn’t be jealous of shoes, but I somehow am.
She stops two feet away. It’s close enough, but I wish she’d close the distance between us and let me take her into my arms. My mouth craves to feel hers. Loss of the worst sort courses through me.
Dreams can be life altering, but one is always aware in the morning which reality has won the day.







If I’m not careful, I’m going to fail to recall my purpose for putting up with this training. Seth has a way of making me forget I have a brain at all sometimes, and it worries me. No one should be able to manipulate me this much.
I stare up at him, waiting for him to unleash his wisdom on me, but I can’t quite hold his gaze. I have to look away, or I’ll do something stupid.
My eyes find his lips instead, and my mouth responds with a sigh. The man in front of me is not Jason, but he has Jason’s perfect, full lips. Totally kissable. Totally lickable. Totally turning into a knowing smile.
I clamp my eyelids shut and take a deep breath. My heart still races, like I’m climbing the rope ladder again instead of standing opposite Seth.
I take a casual stance and fold my arms over my chest. “What did you have in mind?” I ask because otherwise, my brain’s going to give me ideas I’d rather not explore at the moment.
My attempts to separate Seth from Jason get harder by the second, and I’ve got to figure out a way to distance myself from him, while maintaining the pretense of learning from him.
Yeah, right.
Seth takes a step toward me, and I freeze. Frowning, his voice comes out fierce. “Is this your usual defense for an attacker?”
I clear my throat, hoping it will work on my mind too. “I didn’t realize you were going to attack me.”
The left side of his mouth tilts into a smirk. “Unlike in theater, villains don’t usually yell attack before doing so.”
“I know that,” I say, disgusted.
His gaze holds a challenge. “Prove it.”
All right. Never let it be said I’m unreasonable. I widen my stance, throwing my inner foot back.
Before I can swallow, his fist flies at my face. I’ve got less than a second to react, but my body’s moving before my mind catches up.
I deflect his jab, twist my hand around his wrist, then whirl across his body to pin his arm up. He doesn’t make it easy for me, though, and uses my momentum to throw me off-balance. Within two seconds, he’s up against my back with my arm cranked so high my tendons might just snap. The ache makes me clamp my teeth together, but I will not cry out.
Is that what he wants? For me to show how weak I am? Well, he has no idea what I’m capable of.
His breath heats my neck, but he doesn’t loosen his grip. If anything, it’s worse. “Where did you go wrong?”
The scene replays in my mind, but the only thing I did wrong was allow him to get close to me. Is that it? Is that what he’s trying to tell me? “I attacked instead of deflecting?”
His stubble brushes my ear and my body explodes in tingles. Holy crow’s feet, why does he have to be this close? My heart beats faster with every breath that puffs into my ear.
“Very good,” he says, releasing me.
I glance at him over my shoulder and the way he’s watching me sets my belly on fire. “Thanks,” I say, ‘cause I’ve got nothing else.
“The Erobos can only take you if you are incapacitated. You will have plenty of weapons to defend yourself, but the most important thing for you to remember is to never let them get near you.”
A horrendous thought hits me. “If they can take any form, how will I know one is around?”
A far-off look crosses his eyes. “Do you remember what it feels like to get sucker punched?”
I crinkle my face at the mention. If I tell him no, will he give me one? An old buddy of mine back at school educated me on the subject Junior year. She hated that her boyfriend kept trying to cozy up to me. I kept telling her I didn’t want anything to do with him, but she blamed me for what he did. I cut the thoughts off and answer him, “What, it’s painful to be around them?”
“Not just painful. Erobos steal life. With your body anchored in my realm, you will be protected from a full takeover, but they can still weaken you. They can still lead you to a place where you would be lost forever.”
I allow myself a double take. “Right. So my body will be here and the rest of me will be in the Dreamscape?”
“Yes.”
Disbelief pours out of me. “Seth, this might come as a surprise to you, but what you’re saying sounds like a load of dog crap—Baltek sized.”
He laughs. “You just wait until I put you on cleanup duty.”
I fold my arms. “Not going to happen. He’s not mine.”
“I was joking with you.” I smirk at him before he says, “It’s okay if you don’t believe me. I understand. It is hard to visualize the subtle differences between realities without having a reference. Soon, I will show you, but until then, you will have to trust me.”
I want to huff at him, but I keep it inside. Let him think he’s gaining ground with me. He’ll soon learn. All I have to do is be a good little student and search the Dreamscape for the key to get me out of here.
It’s the idea of being trapped that bothers me the most. If I knew I had a real choice I might actually be able to make one.
We practice for a while without much of a problem on my part. I’ve been able to avoid Seth until now, but he moves so fast he blurs out of focus. He catches me around the waist and takes me to the mat.
My chest heaves into his as he pins my hands to my sides. He’s got me, totally got me. I’m desperate to find a solution, but his lower body makes moving my legs impossible.
Our eyes connect. His are the color of fresh picked blueberries. I take a deep breath and his spice intoxicates me. I’m dizzy and breathless all at once.
He leans down near my ear, pressing our bodies even closer. “Get out of this one,” he says.
I buck to fling him off me, but it doesn’t even faze him. I wriggle underneath him, yet it does nothing more than make me ten times more aware of how perfectly he fits against me. I’ve got to do something fast, or this will not end well. My body screams at me to stay right where I am, but I can’t listen to my thundering hormones.
When he stretches his long legs against mine, I make my move. I use his momentum to twist my legs around his. I’ve gained just enough force to roll him underneath me.
When I gaze down at him, gloating, his equally cocky smirk tells me he’s let me pin him. So much for training.
My tongue jets out to wet my lips, and I’m instantly mortified where I’ve let him take this. My palms clam up and my neck breaks out in a cold sweat. My heart thuds against my ribs from the look he’s giving me. He hasn’t said a word, and I’m already melting.
Steeling my will, I make myself jump off him. Before he can say anything to me, I head for the hallway, throwing over my shoulder. “Got to make a pit stop. Be back in a few.”
His chuckle follows me out of the room.



I’m still on my back, panting. Amelia can’t know how crazy she makes me. If she did she’d try to rule me, and I’ve got to maintain dominance.
Her body pressed against me sent my mind to the clouds, and I still haven’t come down. If she hadn’t moved when she did I would have ravaged her mouth the way I’ve wanted to from the moment she arrived, the way I did when she thought I was another man.
Even with all her reservations, her desire for me is clear, yet I can’t let that bright thought overshadow the reason I brought her here. Companionship is only a fraction of what I need from her.
No doubt she is still concocting an escape plan, but I’m convinced she will change her mind once she enters the Dreamscape, once she meets my team. Her sense of adventure will surely overcome her fear of me. I want nothing more than to have her in my arms as I did in her dreams, but I must earn her trust. She has led a hellish life I have no desire to compete with.
When she doesn’t come back in a few minutes, I debate whether I should go after her. She’s probably locked herself in the bathroom again. I remodeled it just for her. In fact, the room was designed with her specific needs and tastes in mind. If I’d given her too much space, she would have been even more frightened than she is. It is important for her to know she has a safe place of her own here. It’s funny to me she has chosen that particular room as her secret hideout.
The thought of her lounging in that tub makes my mouth go dry. I set into arm curls to distract myself, knowing it’s not going to work before I begin. I wait a few more minutes before I leave to find her.
Luckily I have just the thing to coax her out of her room, but I am not sure I want her to know about the conservatory, just yet. Baltek has no doubt had his fill by now, so I make a slight detour to collect him, just in case I decide to show her the one place in my realm that should be my secret delight. I don’t need him to distract us.
I imagine what she will do when I show her. It would probably be a mistake to take her at all until she is further along in her training. If she is anything like me, her first inclination will be to break the glass to leave. When she discovers she can’t manage to do it, she will become disheartened. I don’t know if I can take dashing her hopes again.
It took me years before I could step foot in the place without wanting to slit my throat, and I still only go in when I require light. The idea that escape is so close yet still unattainable can turn a person mad.
Baltek charges me when I open the door. His big paws bounce off my shoulders, nearly knocking me over. A rather large stick pokes out of either side of his mouth, covered in drool. He’s panting while his eyes beg me to play with him.
I really shouldn’t, but I’ve neglected him. I push him off me and grab for the end of the stick, but he jumps back, just out of my reach.
“So, it is to be cat and mouse, then?” I ask him.
He drops the stick and barks. When I move to grab it, he snatches it up before I can get a good hold, and he’s off. I laugh and chase after him, determined to catch him this time. We’ve been playing this game for years now, and he has always won. Not today. Not this time.
Light slants through the myriad of windows above us, casting prisms along the grass and trees. The heat warms my skin, sending a glow throughout me for the first time in more than five thousand years. Every part of my realm has come alive because of Amelia, especially me.
Baltek races ahead, bounding off every surface he comes across. He climbs onto a large boulder and drops the stick before he sits on it.
A high-pitched gasp reaches me and I stiffen. Baltek’s brown eyes set on something near the door.
What is she doing here? When I check the time, I realize it’s been nearly an hour since she left.
I turn, making it look casual; I hope. “Ah, Amelia,” I say, taking in every inch of the beautiful girl standing not more than forty feet away from me. The afternoon light showers her in radiance. She makes breathing obsolete. She has become my life’s source.
If I ever had restraint when it comes to her, I don’t know where it has disappeared to because it’s taking all my resolve to stay where I am.
She nods at me and steps deeper into the room. Her eyes sweep every inch of the space before they find mine again, questioning, accusing.
“It is not what you think,” I say hastily. “This room is a reflection of your world. Nothing more, no matter how badly I wish it were.”
Her jaw clenches and she shrugs. “I think I’m going to go to bed now, Seth. I’m just really tired. Do you mind?”
This response is not what I expected. Why isn’t she asking me about the conservatory? Why isn’t she demanding an explanation?
Before she turns, I glimpse a wet trail on her cheek. I’ve upset her. This, I cannot allow.
I beat her to the door and block her path.
“Get out of my way,” she whispers, her voice full of venom.
“You don’t understand, Amelia. Please let me explain.”
Her arms cross while she taps her foot against the grass. She still won’t look at me. Not a perfect situation by any stretch, but I must take what I can get. “I’m sorry for not showing you the rest of my house immediately. I realize now that was a mistake.” Her brows lift. “This probably seems like the perfect place to escape, right?”
She cocks her head to the side and gives me a mocking frown. I ignore her posturing and proceed with what I need to say. “Let me show you.” I walk a few yards over to one of the largest trees in the place. Glancing back at her to make sure she is watching, I push the tree into the glass. The crash is deafening.
Pretty soon she stands right by me. She doesn’t say a word as she climbs to the top and inspects the intact glass, running her fingers over the glittering surface. Before I can comment further, she launches her leg at the window. When her attempt fails she cries out in pain and what sounds like frustration.
Thankfully, I reach her before she can inflict anymore damage to herself, and I lift her into my arms. Once situated, I jump to the grass. Baltek bounds over to us and licks her dangling hand.
No longer is she merely crying; she sobs into my shoulder, her body shaking against mine. I place her gently on the grass and run my hand over her ankle. In between her tears, she winces. It’s already swollen. It may even be broken, which only shows how deeply she wants to escape me.
I silently curse myself for putting her through this. I should have chosen someone else. I should have allowed her to live her life, but I had to be selfish. At this moment I hate myself for what I have done to her.



Seth makes cooing noise at me as I writhe in pain. I’m so stupid, and that’s what hurts more than my leg ever could. I couldn’t help myself, though. If I don’t do something soon, I will be stuck here until I die because I will not want to leave, which scares me the most. I can’t trust him, but worse, I can’t trust myself to be around him.
He clears his throat and his gaze shifts away from mine until he’s looking at his dog. “I’m sorry,” he says. “If I’d known what you intended to do, I could have stopped you.” He gazes up at the not-so-fragile glass roof. “This place was meant to be a comfort, yet I’ve found nothing but heartache here.”
Without another word, he gathers me into his arms. At the moment I can’t think of anything I’d rather he do. I need to feel him next to me, and that troubles me more than finding out if I broke my leg. Every step he takes shoots pain into my thigh. My ankle is nearly numb. Probably just adrenaline.
How I thought I could break through glass that a few thousand-pound tree couldn’t budge is beyond me. Who knew I was that delusional about my ninja moves, but the proof is in the outcome.
Without letting myself over think it, I wrap my arms around Seth’s neck. He’s a comfort I need right now. If there is one thing I’ve learned throughout this ordeal, it’s that whatever he is, he’s not a sicko that just wants to molest me.
His muscles tense for just a moment when I pull myself closer to him and bury my face in his neck. His arms tighten around me, and he says, “I have some medical supplies, but I might have to use some unconventional methods for this one.”
“I’m okay,” I tell him, even though my entire leg is throbbing again.
He pats my back and even that causes me to wince. “Sorry,” he says. “I’ll just…hurry.”
He steps up his pace without jostling me around. He’s gonna have to teach me to move like that. It’s like his limbs glide instead of bounce.
By the time he sets me down, I’m nearly asleep. I could easily drift into a dream, which totally perturbs me because I haven’t slept well since he brought me here.
Once I’m on the long, flat table, he runs his hand down my leg, starting mid-thigh. I prop myself onto my elbows to keep the glare from the overhead light out of my eyes and do my darnedest to ignore my speeding pulse. He’s not even touching skin. I’m so in trouble where he is concerned.
He gives me a conspiratorial smile, and for a moment I consider that he might be able to read my mind. The thought is only disturbing because of how much he affects me. Normally, I wouldn’t care if he knew what I was thinking, but right now, that might pose a problem.
I take a deep breath when he reaches my ankle, bracing myself for the pain. His fingers move over my pant leg to the hem. He pushes the material up past my knee, his warm fingers leaving a trail of fire in their wake. I swallow and command myself to think of something else. Who knew leather was that pliable?
Seth steps back and his gaze travels over my leg like he’s scrutinizing every curve and indent. Then his fingers follow the path his eyes just took, and my head rushes with dizziness.
I groan and my head hits the pillow. He’s immediately by my side, running his hand along my forehead.
“Are you okay, Amelia?” he asks.
That’s the question, and unfortunately, I don’t have an answer.



I bend down close to Amelia’s face and press my cheek against her temple. Her pulse pounds a rhythm so fierce I’m worried she will lose consciousness any moment.
She still hasn’t answered my question. Her pain must be overwhelming her senses. I move to the medicine cabinet. Not wasting a moment, I cast bottles aside, grunting when I find nothing that will help her. Using strength I should be saving, I call some pain medication and a glass of water for her.
She lifts her head when I come closer, but she still won’t look at me.
I could heal her, but I’m not sure she would react well to my abilities. Perhaps I should aid her in falling asleep, but I’m worried about her slipping into the Dreamscape without me. Now that she knows what it is, she will not be limited by her own dream world. She could find her way into another world. The risks are too great with Daegan involved.
Her eyes call to me, but I will not look at her right now. As our time together continues, I’ve had a harder time controlling my desire for her. I’ve vowed to give her time, but she may take longer than I’m willing to wait.
In the end, I decide to heal her. I cannot stand the thought of her being in pain.
She stares at me and for a moment I think she will refuse me, but she takes the pill.
“Your leg is broken. Will you allow me to heal you?”
“You can do that?”
I smile. “It takes some concentration and power, but yes.”
“Why do I suddenly think that’s a bad thing?”
“It will be fine, but I might require some additional help in the Dreamscape.”
Her dark brows furrow. “You want me to go with you?”
When she gives me a sultry smile, desire surges through me. I want this woman more than I could ever have imagined. Using what restraint I have left, I take a step back, glance at her injury, and focus on what I need to do.
She cocks her head. “Seems like a pretty handy skill.”
Pressing my lips together, I attempt to keep my serious façade. “It has aided me a time or two.”
I tilt my lips in a smile I do not feel. Repositioning her leg, I let my mind take over as I knit the bone back together and reduce the swelling to a manageable level. Tension creases the corners of her eyes and I send a wave of peace through her. She stares at me, and all I want to do is take away any pain she has. I concentrate harder on my task.
She squeezes my hand. “Wow. That’s amazing. It hardly hurts at all anymore.” I smile at her and she lowers her gaze. “Thanks for taking care of me.”
I swallow and stare at her. “Always, Amelia. I will always take care of you.”
Her hand lowers to the table and she glances away before she tries to sit up. Disappointed, I place my hand at her back just in case she is not stable.
“Am I okay to walk on this?”
“You should be. Here, let me help you.” I ease her onto her feet, staying right by her side.
She tests her weight. “Hey! It hardly hurts at all.” Her eyes find mine and she smiles.
A resultant smile slips in place before I pull her against me, not able to care at the moment if the contact makes her uncomfortable. “Just promise me you will not attempt to break through enchanted crystal again anytime soon?”
She laughs and shifts away. “You got it, boss.”
It is difficult, but I let her go. “If only you will be that compliant in the Dreamscape.”
“I’ll be the poster child of obedience.”
Shaking my head, I move ahead of her. “This, I have to see.”







When Seth steps in front of me, I allow myself to take a breath. His expression when he promised to take care of me shot straight to my heart. He meant every word he said to me. My leg already feels much better. He’ll probably need proof that I’m okay before we can train again. I’ve got to reel in my stupid gene. It’s just really hard to think straight when I’m around him. Who wouldn’t have tried to break that glass?
My inner wimp tells me my brain failure is because I have real feelings for him, but how can I have feelings for a lie? My teeth hurt from clenching them so hard. I consider what he said, about why he wanted me to think he was a different person than Jason, and it makes sense, even though I’d like it not to. Jason and I got pretty heavy in my dreams. He even told me that he loved me.
Being the sucker I am, I ate it up. I even told him I loved him too, and I did. I just don’t know what to do with those feelings now. Jason was a total fabrication, or was he? Seth is like him, most the time, until he gets his game face on. It’s like he flips a switch in his brain or something.
It’s really kind of cool how he can detach himself from feelings like that. My detachment is something different. It’s based on fear, not control.
I hope he can teach me how to manage the coward inside me. I grit my teeth and stifle my thoughts. What am I thinking anyway? I won’t be here long enough to learn anything of real value from him.
In and out. That’s what I have to focus on. Once I find that key, I’ll be able to choose. Until then I’m stuck.
When I do leave this place I’m gonna take the money in my room. I stashed it in the closet for safekeeping.
We’re silent as we trek through the hallway and into his room. I allow myself a glance at the pit where the fire comes from. It’s a long line that seems to stretch forever. The pendulum swings back and forth and back and forth.
“Seth?” I ask.
“Mmm?”
“Is that some kind of clock?”
“I guess you could call it that,” he says, noncommittal.
“Yeah, that’s not much of an answer.”
He turns us around, just before we are at my door, and peers at the pendulum. “It marks the hours of my curse.”
I stare blankly at him. “Curse?”
He nods.
“Why were you cursed?” I ask, more curious than I should be.
“I did not fulfill my calling. I made a mistake and now I pay for that mistake every second of my life.”



This was bound to come up, so why is it so difficult to tell her what I did? I don’t want to admit my mistake, but that doesn’t take it away.
She shifts in my arms and catches my gaze. I could stare at her delicate features all day and not get bored. If only I could get her to see that she was made for me. Her kind is rare in the mortal realm. Out of billions in my care, there are only fourteen true Sibylline alive at the moment, half of which are old women. The others are either too compromised or too weak. I would like to think I had other options, but Amelia is the only woman among them with the fortitude to survive in my world.
Her strengths have come from her weaknesses and those are the qualities that endure.
The corners of my mouth lift while I motion for her to sit. Once she is settled, I sit beside her. Her eyes shift away from mine. “It is okay, Amelia. You may ask me anything.”
She gives a half nod. Her fingers find the edge of her quilt to worry. When she speaks, it is her fingers she stares at, not me. “Will you tell me about it?”
“It’s simple. I became too arrogant. I thought myself invincible, and I lost to a foe I never expected to fight.”
She flinches, making me wonder what she is thinking. Has she already lost faith in my abilities? Has she any faith in my abilities? I shake off further thought to continue, but she beats me to it.
“Who was it?”
“A former lover of mine,” I say without emotion. I’ve already expended enough of my life on Rhea.
She frowns. “Is she the girl Daegan mentioned? The one with Volos? She betrayed you?”
I nod. “She betrayed all of us.”
She grits her teeth. What is happening in that mind of hers? I cannot wait to get her into the Dreamscape again. There, all my questions shall find the answers I seek.
Her green eyes snap to mine. “How awful for you,” she says, her voice soft with compassion.
“Thank you for your concern, Amelia, but it has been many years. Besides, it was as much my fault as hers, if not more.”
Her eyebrows knit together. “What do you mean?”
“The Erobos are cunning. They are also extremely alluring. Stronger than she have fallen for their deception. I merely assumed she was ready for them, but I was wrong. She had already been compromised when I took her into the Dreamscape.” I’m oversimplifying the story, but I don’t want to get into it right now. I’d rather focus on my future…with Amelia. I also don’t wish to frighten her.
She stops fiddling with her quilt and closes her eyes. “How long has it been?” She hesitates before she adds, “Since you lost her.”
I consider this for a moment and shrug. “More than five thousand of your years. I lose track of time easily these days.”
Her back stiffens ever so slightly. “I want to be completely ready before you take me into the Dreamscape.”
I smile at her and this time she doesn’t flinch. Perhaps I am getting better at it. “We are in agreement then.” When I stand, I have to stop myself from leaning in to kiss her cheek. She still isn’t accustomed to physical contact.
She offers me a casual smile. “I won’t try to go in there without you.”
I nod. “That is very good to hear. Thank you for trusting me.”
She opens her mouth as if to comment, but stares at me instead. After a moment she finally says, “I’d like to know more about how you ended up here, cursed.”
It takes quite a bit of effort for me to swallow. “No more tonight. I have to leave.”
Something changes in her face, a visible tension I do not like to see in her. She glances away from me, so I sit back down beside her and take her hand into mine.
“It’s okay,” she says. “Go.”
“I would stay if I could.”
Her lips stiffen. “It’s no big deal. Just leave already. I’m kind of tired from all the training today. We can talk more tomorrow.”
I give a good squeeze to her fingers. “Very well,” I say. “Good night, Amelia.”
Without another word, she walks into her room and shuts the door. How long she will stay in there is anyone’s guess.



I lean back against the pillows and clutch a hand to my pounding chest. Somehow, just knowing I can move about Seth’s place eases my tension. He’s either got ESP or he knows me better than I’d like him to. I’m betting on the latter and that so annoys me.
Seth is a problem that I have no solution for. I want to keep a comfortable distance between us, but I’m starting to think that isn’t possible. He’s all I have to even speak to until I go into the Dreamscape, and as tempting as it is for me to want to rush in there so I can find a way out of here, I believed what he said about his former lover.
Brother. It shouldn’t bother me that he’s been in love before, but it does. Why is that? I don’t want him.
Period.
The end.
Not wanting to think about him anymore, I get up. I consider soaking in the tub, but I’m not feeling it at the moment.
What I really want to do is explore his place. How much more of it is there? From what I’ve seen, I wouldn’t be surprised if it is some kind of mansion.
Seth is sweet, in his own way. I just wish I could remember the dreams he claimed we had together. Could it be possible I agreed to come here? It is kind of compelling to think about a place that could literally take me anywhere, even to different worlds.
What girl gets a chance like that? If I go back into the real world, what do I really have there? I don’t even have a home. Sure, I could take Seth’s money with me, but then what?
Would I ever be able to forget this place, or Seth? Not likely.
I press my cheek to the door and listen for him. Has he gone already?
Man, I hope so. The last thing I want to do is open this door and find him naked or, who am I kidding? Seeing him in the buff has risen to the top of my bucket list.
Pathetic I am, but I’m not stupid.
When all I hear is my pounding pulse, I square my shoulders and barge into his room. A quick scan tells me he’s gone. The firewall flickers a familiar scene I’d love to walk right into, but I promised him.
I let a smile eat up my lips then head for the hallway. Halfway there, I rethink my priorities. Seth is gone and I’m in his bedroom. Being nosy is probably stupid of me, but I want to check it out. You know, get a feel for who he really is—if that’s even possible.
I stare at the fluttering wall of fire, wondering if he’s stuck around, but all I see are flickering trees and the waterfall. I’d say this entry is an upgrade compared to the dingy park he had before. Nothing exciting ever happened there, no matter how many times I hoped it would.
I meander to his chair, taking in the curved lines and surprisingly sexy silhouette. It’s oddly feminine, yet masculine at the same time. The onyx velvet looks so luxurious it calls to me.
After a few seconds of internal debate I lower to the cushion and settle in. It’s a little big for me, but decidedly comfortable and well-worn, like my old jeans. My fingers skim along the armrests ever so slowly, like Seth did the last time we were in here together. The fabric tickles my fingertips, and I find myself smiling.
The room has a cozy feel despite its size. For the first time I realize when the flames are active the pendulum is gone. Curious. Seth said it ticked away the seconds of his punishment. Does that mean that when he is in the Dreamscape he’s not being punished or that his punishment is on hold?
I’m going to find out why he was punished. His admission that a girl was involved only makes this curse thing more plausible. My mind continues to spin with fluttering thoughts that melt away like lacy snowflakes on hot skin once the next arrives.
I stare at the flames for a while and get lost in their depths. What is it about fire that is so enticing? Get too close and it burns, yet it sings a siren’s call of promised warmth and comfort—much like the man that kidnapped me.
That thought snaps me out of my daydream, and I make myself get up. The last thing I want is for Seth to come back and find me here in his chair. Glancing behind me one last time, I leave his bedroom to search his mansion.



For a moment there, I thought Amelia saw me. I was right about her. She left my room almost immediately after I did. She is too defiant for her own good, although I didn’t actually tell her to stay put. Perhaps the thought of being in my bed chamber disturbs her? A grin tugs the corners of my mouth as my mind puts the word bed right next to her.
Truthfully, I want her to become comfortable in my home and the only way to accomplish such a thing is for her to explore. Me leading her around is only going to remind her that she resides in my domain.
Seeing her draped across my chair set my body to flame. I ache to feel her in my arms. Needing a distraction, I detach myself from the tree I’ve been camouflaged in and call for Richard. It takes him mere seconds to come to me this time. Good. My influence is solidifying inside him. Soon he will be my eyes and ears in the Netherworld. It is risky to send him there, but so far he has not been spotted, even though he has been in tainted worlds for months. My hope is he wasn’t spotted when he left his world.
He stops a few feet in front of me and lowers his dark head.
“Report,” I command after a few tense moments of silence.
He doesn’t hesitate in his answer. “I followed three Erobos last night after…”
My jaw clenches, but I make myself relax. “Where were you?”
“London, my lord.”
I pace a line in front of him, clasping my hands behind my back. “What timeframe?”
“Nineteen twenty-two.”
“The event in question?”
“Premier of Vaughan Williams’ Pastoral Symphony.”
“Where?”
“Queens’ Hall.”
“Date?”
“January the Twenty-Sixth.”
Odd. The symphony never took hold. Few understood its true meaning. “The dreamer?”
Richard pauses, rubs his chin for a moment then nearly yells, “Adams! It was Marvel Adams.”
My eyes snap to his. “Adams attended the symphony?”
“No, my lord. He was driving Mister Boult.”
“Did you notice anything odd about the exchange?”
He nods. “Boult tried to hand Adams a book.”
“What book?” I ask, hopeful to find information that will help me this time.
He opens his lapel and pulls out a faded copy of The Pilgrim’s Progress by John Bunyan. A notecard sticks out from the middle of the yellowed paper. I open to the page and the folded note drifts to the ground.
I keep my hopes tightly checked as I pick it up then scan the neat calligraphy.



The aged paper crunches under the pressure of my fingers before I hurl the ball into the trees.
Richard flinches. I close my eyes tight and focus on my breath. He is young. I must not expect too much from him. Thus far all my attempts to reach Marcus Hannover have been for naught.
I need a new strategy.
I need Amelia.
When I open my eyes, Richard’s head is bowed in defeat. I clasp his shoulder. “It is not your fault. The odds were dismal at best, even under normal circumstances. Thank you for your service.”
“I didn’t know,” he says. “I’m sorry.”
“It is I who am sorry, my friend. You will now be a target. You must guard yourself against their attack.”
He sniffs and stands straighter, more man than boy in this moment. “They will not acquire me, my lord. I give you my vow.”
I offer him a smile. “Do your best. That is all I can ask of you. From now on I will find you. Do not come here again.”
After he gives a crisp nod, I dismiss him then turn my attention back to Amelia. She is now my only hope of reaching my target. I can no longer afford to give her time to adjust. Her training will pose a problem, but she is smart. She will adapt.
I set to out into the Dreamscape, but my mind is with her. My tasks are cumbersome tonight, but I grind through the motions with my team. Maybell, my recruit trainer, insists on seeing Amelia in her true form, but I’m hesitant to introduce Amelia to the multitude of alien species that make up my team. In the end, I agree with her. Amelia must acclimate quickly, and hiding the truth from her will not aid her in what will be a difficult process already.
Maybell’s questions are many, and it takes me longer than normal to settle assignments for the day. I give them vague answers when they ask about Amelia. They are as eager to see her as I am. Soon, they will. I just hope Amelia will be ready to see them.







It’s been forever since Seth left. For not the first time I wonder how long he usually spends in the Dreamscape. If all I had to come back to was an empty house, I would spend as much time in the Dreamscape as possible.
Baltec is nice and all, but he doesn’t make a very good conversational companion, even with his barks and yowls. The loneliness in this place is nearly palpable, as if the walls have soaked up the emotion throughout the years and now release oppression into the air on an hourly basis.
I’ve been exploring Seth’s palace and all I can say is I haven’t found the end of it. It’s weird, but I’m starting to think there might not be an end, just like his hallway to nowhere.
Panic settles into my heart at the thought of that tunnel and that weird door that has such distinctly different sides. It has to be where the key goes, but where will that hallway lead when we get the key? It’s cruel to have an escape that goes nowhere.
A part of my heart squeezes to think of Seth sitting in his room night after night, alone. No wonder he wants me here. Right now I feel his loss like I’ve misplaced my arm.
No matter how much I want to deny my connection to him, it’s there. It’s real.
I want nothing more than to ditch this place, but if I do, he’ll be alone again. Can I leave knowing that? Can I sentence him to countless years of solitude? Will it be another thousand years before he can access the mortal realm again? The idea that he might bring another girl here, no matter how many years into the future, sends a surprising jolt of jealousy through me.
Seth, Jason, he’s the same man. A man I’ve spent my nights getting to know. I’ve given him everything I could in a dream. Can I do that here?
It would be so easy for me to give in to him. The truth is, I’m losing it.
My desire for freedom has paled now that I see what he faces every day. Who knows? Maybe the Dreamscape makes up for all of this, but I sincerely doubt it.
Does he pretend this life is the illusion? If I had been stuck here for so long, I would have gone mad. Has he given in to the pressures of solitude? Is he unstable, or is he just desperate?
I really don’t know what I’m talking about because I have no reference point for this kind of loneliness. Sure, I can imagine how it would feel to have to come here after having been in a place that can offer anything day after day, knowing that other place holds no stability.
With all the grandness his house offers, it is not a home. Part of me wonders if it has ever been. Has there been laughter here? Has there been love?
The idea of Seth having been in love before sets my teeth on edge. It’s pathetic, really. What do I care? He took me from my life so he could use me, plain and simple. Yet inside I remember the warmth and safety of being in his arms, even if it was a dream. I remind myself that he was probably trying to soften me up so he could manipulate me, but what if he has true feelings for me?
I shudder, then make myself focus on something else.
I meander from room to room until I come across his library. It’s enormous…maybe six levels, from what I can see, with an inner mezzanine that expands with each floor to create a domed beehive effect above me. A gigantic circular staircase connects each level. It’s quite enchanting, and an architectural marvel from my limited experience.
Taking in the bookcases that line the walls with countless tomes, I walk to the middle of the room and look up. A golden glow radiates from the ceiling, but there is something at the top, a single spot of red in the middle of all that light that intrigues me.
Bypassing the first floor, I take the staircase straight to the top. Isn’t that where the good stuff is supposed to be? I’ll explore the rest later.
My fingers glide along the cool metal rail. I let them trail behind me as I ascend the stairs, taking the place in. Part of the mystery of the library is the central hole that grows smaller with each floor. Just before I reach the top I look down at the cavernous space…big mistake. Vertigo clings to me as I make myself climb the last few steps. Now that I’ve looked down, it’s too late to go back. I already know how screwed I am if I somehow fall. I shouldn’t be paranoid like this, but I can’t get the panic out of my veins.
At the landing I am greeted by a wall of glass. When the doors slide open, I rush inside.
I broke my collar bone when I was six because my dad thought it would be funny to hang me from our second-story apartment window. He was out of his head on crack and didn’t quite have enough of a hold on me. The worst part was he waved at me, smiling, as I fell to the grass below, as if it was funny, as if he hadn’t just put my life in danger. Despite how cushiony the grass looked after a month of not being mowed, it was not soft.
That’s when the state took me away from him, a few years before Justine found me.
I pull in a deep breath and swallow back angry tears. Yeah, I was wrong. I totally get loneliness.
The doors hiss closed behind me. When I turn around, vibrant crimson sheers draw my attention. Despite what I had imagined, the room is cozy, alluring even. I swallow as I take it all in. It’s maybe an eighth the size of the first level, with slick ebony floors that lead to a couple seating areas and something else beyond, I can’t quite make out. Each calls to me in its own way.
The first, closest to me, consists of two cream wingback chairs with matching ottomans set against the backdrop of a rock fireplace, complete with roaring fire. My head twists to the next tableau that is separated by another sheer crimson curtain, which oddly enough resembles a fluttering rose petal.
I push the gauzy fabric aside and enter another shrine. This one is set against a circular paneled wall. A heavy crystal chandelier dips low into the room and gives just enough light to be inviting. A single over-stuffed chaise rests against the wall with a sturdy side table next to it.
My eyes sweep the space and on to the next. My mouth goes completely dry. Beyond the final drape is a bed. It’s huge and round. Four marble columns encase the thing. A pool of soft light filters down from an unknown source while additional light rises from below.
I push the fabric away to get a better view and take a step then another, all the while staring at the ceiling, trying to figure out where the light is coming from. I make it nearly to the bed before I glance at the…completely see-through glass floor.
I can’t breathe. Below me is the main lobby of the library…six stories down.
As if I’m on cracking ice, I back away from the bed, wishing myself lighter. Before I can retreat completely I smack into something surprisingly solid and undoubtedly alive.
Strong arms encircle me and my pulse explodes in my veins. My lungs seize up when Seth speaks. “I see you’ve found my sanctuary.” His breath rouses gooseflesh on my neck that flows over my arms like a rushing wind. “Do you like it?” His voice dips low in a seductive purr. “Because I’m rather fond of the place, especially now that you are here.”



Amelia twists in my arms, her body trembling under my touch. I’ve overstepped my boundaries by a mile, but I can’t stop myself. My heart stutters with happiness now that I have her near me again.
To my surprise she slips away, her eyes darting from me to the floor then back. Unease lingers between us, so I offer her a smile. At least she doesn’t flinch this time.
I’ve been practicing.
Her heartbeat calls to me, beckoning me closer, her emotions a tempting smorgasbord of distraction.
Her lips part on a small gasp, which only fuels my desire for her. She still hasn’t spoken or reacted in the way I hoped she would.
The backs of her legs bump against the plush bedframe. It would be so easy to forget the world with her here. She tilts her head back and another gasp escapes her.
The ceiling is capped by a dome of mosaic crystal. I’ve done my best to recreate sunlight. It is quite mesmerizing.
When she glances back at me, a hard edge lines her expression before she zips past me. I follow her through the doors, but instead of descending the staircase like I expect, she whirls around.
Her cheeks infuse with a pretty flush, although her heart has thankfully slowed to a sustainable pace. For not the first time, I wish I could read her thoughts.
Her mouth opens, yet nothing comes out. The green of her eyes stands out against her pale complexion, still wild, though with fear or desire I cannot be sure. I’m hoping for the latter.
“Amelia?” I ask. “What troubles you?”
She shuts her eyes tight and her fists curl at her sides. When she sways, my heart lurches. She is only centimeters from the staircase and she is still breakable.
I rush to her side and take her elbow. She stares at my hand as if it is an alien tentacle. I do not remove it. I cannot let her go, not with her being this unstable.
“I—I’d like to leave,” she says, stiffening her spine. “I’m rather tired. I was just going to—
“Bed?” I say, heat rising inside me.
She stares as if stunned.
“You may use this room anytime you like,” I tell her, realizing I have pushed her too far.
If possible, her face pales again. If I’m not careful, she will swoon. Her heart is beating too quickly again.
Without letting myself overthink it, I lift her into my arms and carry her to the bed, which is, after all, only a few feet away. Her eyes flutter closed and her breath catches in her throat.
My body flames with need, so I make myself pull away from her, but I will not leave her side until I know she has recovered. I’ve been foolish to think she would no longer be afraid of me. “I’m sorry if I startled you.”
Her eyes snap open, and the intensity in them astonishes me. For a single instant she gazes at me like she did in her dreams, before a steel cage encases her emotions. “I must have stayed up too late,” she says. “I should just go to bed.”
Her lips call my attention, and I can’t bring myself to look away from them. How long will I have to wait for her? I’m not sure I can manage it much longer. “You may stay here if you like.”
“I’d rather not,” she says. I move to stand up, but her fingers settle against my hand. “Seth?” I nod. “I’m sorry you’ve been alone for so long.”
Her words sink into my soul, and I might sprout wings. “To have you with me now, it was worth it.” I pat her arm and stand up. When I extend my hand to help her, she takes it, entwining our fingers.
I lead her to the stairway, but she circumvents me, taking the spot against the wall. I hide my amusement in a grunt. Her fear of heights will have to be dealt with, but now is not the time or place.
Taking special care to shield her from the view below, I move down a step. She follows, yet her body remains tense beside me. I take her hand once again, surprised when she allows the contact.
“I apologize for my extended absence. I ran into some complications tonight.”
She gives me a sidelong glance. “What type of complications?”
“Richard failed to deliver a message for me. He is being watched now and will not be able to accomplish his task.”
“I’m sorry to hear that,” she says. “Does that mean you want me with you sooner?”
“Yes.”
She nods. “Probably for the best. I think I’d go crazy within a few nights without you here. It’s claustrophobic, the solitude.”
Her compassion is appreciated, though not necessary. I can never let her know just how much I need her with me. Even though I’ve learned to deal with the ache, accepting this prison will never be possible. Yet accepting my hell would be more tolerable than ever letting Amelia go.



Sometimes I think Seth can hear my heart beat. Right. It’s just that he gets to me so easily lately. He seems to know just what to do to make my pulse explode.
I still don’t know what happened in his love nest. Gah, note to self: avoid at all costs. The place is a den of iniquity if I’ve ever seen one–not that I have, but if there was one it would look just like his sanctuary.
He still hasn’t commented, and I’m sort of thinking maybe he zoned out or something.
His chest jumps with a sharp inhale, but I keep myself from reacting. “Yes,” he says, blinking a few times. “It is rather stifling, despite the size. You will enjoy the Dreamscape, I think.”
“Yeah?” I ask, but he knows me and it bites. I enjoyed it a little too much back when he inhabited my dreams, but that was before I knew where I was, who he was. Man, that was stupid. I’m letting myself think things I shouldn’t be. Seth as Jason is just weird to consider. He’s totally hot and swoon-worthy, as was proven just moments ago, but Jason was my confidant. Seth intimidates me. He’s so big and obnoxiously confident.
It’s only now I realize why my dreams of him were so vivid. He gave them to me on purpose. One of the reasons I wanted to dive into bed every night was so I could catch up with him. We had a thing together, but how much of it was real?
I can’t just pretend that he’s Jason, ‘cause he’s not. He’s scary in reality. Hot, but scary.
“You’ll see,” he goes on as if he hasn’t noticed my lack of commentary. “At first you will need to travel with me. I will be able to shield you for a time, but you must not wander off until you are ready to defend yourself. Do you understand?”
“I’m not a child,” I tell him, my back stiffening. He’s already told me that he knows this, but he still treats me as if I’m a little lacking in the brain department.
“I’m aware. What you are is arrogant.”
I stop cold. “I’m what?”
“Arrogant,” he says again, as if his sultry tone will change my reaction.
“I am not! You should talk, buddy.”
“Arrogance is not confidence, Amelia. I know my abilities and I use those to my advantage. Not only do you not know the extent of your abilities, you are not fully aware of your limitations.”
“Well excuse me for not being a gazillion centuries old…whatever you are. I happen to have a pretty good grasp of what I am capable of.”
“Is that so?” he says, barking out a laugh.
My chin lifts a hair. “Absolutely! I may not have lived as long as you have, but I know how to take care of myself.”
“Care to back up that claim in the training room?”
I pause, only for a second, contemplating how he took me to the mat the last time I was anywhere near him. Close proximity to him is probably not the best thing for me right now. “In the morning,” I say, casually. “Told you already; I’m ready to hit the sack.”
His gaze shifts over to me and he studies me while we walk, which sends a shiver over my skin. “Are you cold?” he asks, inching a tiny bit closer to me.
When we finally reach the main floor, I breathe a bit easier. How can I allow him to affect me like this? It’s not as if he’s all over me or anything, but him even being anywhere near me sends drunk butterflies through my insides. “I’m okay.”
Without warning, a fluffy hoodie engulfs me in warmth. I shut my eyes, not willing to admit what he did. Magic. He has magic.
A light touch flutters over my cheek before he says, “You need only ask for what you require.”
What I need is an escape hatch from the spell he’s weaving over me. “Thanks,” I say, and leave it at that.
We make it back to his room, and I hesitate to go in. His scent fills the place. I’m beginning to crave his spice. My only hope is when he finally allows me into the Dreamscape I will be able to keep my wits long enough to find a way out of here. I’m not sure that I’ll take an escape if I find one, but I need to have the option, to know I have a choice. Until then I’ve got to live and the best way for me to do that is to keep up pretenses.
Seth walks me to my door but doesn’t come in. “Night,” I throw over my shoulder as I push past him through the threshold.
His voice is filled with disappointment when he answers me. “Goodnight, Amelia. Sleep well.”



Amelia shuts the door to her room, and I pull in a sharp breath. She is already such a joy to me. Merely knowing she is here when I return from the Dreamscape fills me with anticipation.
It will be difficult for me to let her go on her own when the time comes, yet I must foster her independent spirit. I cannot go where I need her to traverse. With Maybell’s help, she should be able to learn how to keep herself safe from Erobos detection.
I wait until the rhythmic cadence of her breath steadies before I step back through the flames. I have hastened my work this night for one purpose only.
I will visit Amelia in her dreams. My tactic could backfire completely, yet she must remember our connection for her to be fully competent on her own. I’ve instilled her soul with the skills she needs already. Now is time to release the floodgate to her consciousness.
I jump from portal to portal, hardly paying attention to the changes in the landscape. The closer I come to her dream world, the deeper my need for her stirs. My fingers curl as if around her supple arms.
I stand at the threshold of her world, a world I created within her realm specifically for her to inhabit. It’s how I’ve kept her shielded for so long.
When I found Amelia, her world was already fractionated, which was probably why I hadn’t noticed her previously. She already had an oasis, of sorts. To protect her, I channeled most of her energy to that place, which separated it from the remainder of her world. Even then, the rest of her dream world was on normal levels. I’ve had to redirect more of her energy, from time to time, to maintain an adequate level. If I didn’t, the Erobos would have found her long ago.
The sultry air is filled with the sensual sweet spice of mimosa—her scent. With fire singeing my veins, I search for her. She is near, her heartbeat steady, relaxed. Just before I reach her, I slip into another form, the one she prefers.
The vines hanging from the trees move easily out of my view. When I see her, I stare as if it is the first time all over again.
Her honey skin glistens in the sunlight, her dark hair draped around her like a veil. I have never witnessed a more beautiful sight. She warms me better than the glowing sun above us. She blinds me.
I make my steps small and calculated as I approach her. There is no telling how she will react to me now.
Ten feet away from her, my foot snaps a twig. She turns, her green eyes eating up the landscape until they settle on me. Her gaze sweeps down my body and back to my eyes.
“Jason?” she says, timid, unsure.
One day, if I am blessed, she shall desire my true form, but today is not that day. “Who else?” I reply, giving her a broad smile, followed by a hearty laugh at her surprise.
Her smile is immediate, and she stands to greet me. Her suit is red today, making me wonder at her mood. I could easily slip into her thoughts, but I deny myself once again. This is her realm, and I will respect that.
She gives me a shy glance before she hugs herself. “I was beginning to think you wouldn’t come.”
Her self-conscious behavior disturbs me. Is she embarrassed? She hasn’t acted this way in years. I cannot fathom why she would be uncomfortable with her body. She is impeccable. She is also exactly as she is in the flesh. I took a chance when I stepped from my realm into the mortal world to claim her. She could have been mousy or even hideous; I have never been happier to be right in my existence.
Tentatively, she steps closer. I can wait no longer.
I pull her body flush with mine, amazed at the warmth of her skin. She is nearly fully here with me, and the thought burns through me.
My fingers slip into her hair, and I tilt her head back. Our lips crash together and I devour her, soaking up her essence, reveling in the feel of her. A slip of a groan escapes her throat, which ignites me further.
I pull her down to the grass, stretching my body along hers. She is as eager for me as I am for her in this moment, and I will take all she will give me.
Her skin is still slightly damp from the water, making her slide against me, inching closer. With how strong it is beating, my heart might burst from my chest, but I couldn’t care less if it does. She is my light and joy, my world.
I brush her jawline with kisses until my lips connect with her earlobe. She hisses in a gasp, and I smile. “I have missed you,” I whisper.
As if intoxicated by our love, her eyes dilate. Her beautiful lips are swollen from our passion, which makes me only want to kiss her again. I could never get enough of her and the idea disturbs me. I should not allow myself to feel so deeply for her considering how she has reacted to me, yet I cannot form any other connection.
Her fingers slide along my chest, her touch feeding the fire within me. I’m the one intoxicated now. She is dangerous.
When our eyes lock, she stares, her conflicting emotions so open. “I don’t know how to feel anymore, Jason. I’m afraid.”
I steel my resolve, yet attempt to comfort her. “You have nothing to fear from me, Amelia.”
She frowns, worry lingering in her beautiful eyes. “Who are you really?”
“You know me,” I sooth, squeezing her fingers.
“Do I?” she says.
She is more aware than I first considered. “Of course. You have known me for years. Remember?”
“Why are you here?”
I clasp her shoulder and run my hand along her arm to her fingers. “I couldn’t stay away any longer, Mel.”
She smiles. “You’re the only person who has ever called me that.” Unexpectedly, her expression darkens. “Where have you been? Why did you stop calling me here?”
“I couldn’t…considering our circumstances had changed. I wanted to. You have no idea how much I’ve wanted you.”
She buries her face in my neck, and I pull her closer, whispering my hand over her damp hair. Soon, soft sobs escape her. “I’m afraid, Seth.”
My body stiffens. She should not know of my other form here. I choose to ignore the name she calls me. “I’m here. It’s okay.”
She pulls away from me with tear-stained cheeks, her eyes bright, a sad smile playing on her mouth. “It’s never going to be the same again, is it?”
I swallow around a ball of regret. “I had hoped it would be. I’m sorry.”
She shakes her head. “Why are you still pretending? I know who you are. I know what you’ve done.”
My stomach muscles bunch up as if she has just kicked me. “What do you mean?”
“The mask. Why are you still wearing it?”







I get Seth’s reasons for coming here like this, but it makes my heart hurt to look at him now. Jason is dead to me. He has to be for me to survive this ordeal. I still don’t know much about the Dreamscape, or even who I will be dealing with when I become part of Seth’s team, and my feelings for Jason can’t possibly help me adapt to my new life.
He flinches, no doubt at my question. If he can’t even explain why he is here like this then I’m probably right that he hoped to lull me into believing he and Jason are separate people again. I know better and nothing he does from this point on will ever get me to believe differently. It’s not that I don’t care about Seth. I do now, but the feelings I had for Jason will not serve me anymore, if they ever did.
“You have to understand,” he says, finally. I narrow my eyes at him. What’s he still hiding? “I’m trying to make your transition easier.”
I stand up, gazing down on him the entire time. “Don’t do me any favors, and don’t call me here again until you’re willing to be straight with me.” I turn to go, but his soft touch on my arm makes me hesitate.
When I look at him again, Seth stands before me in all his scrumptious, nearly naked splendor. This is the first time I let myself acknowledge that he is hotter than Jason. Just slightly, but there it is. Not only that, Seth is a real man. The difference hasn’t been easy to handle.
He gives me a confident smirk, as if my face is a billboard to my thoughts.
Ice coats my veins. What if he can read my mind? I’ve considered it before. Even in his realm, he has magic. Here, I doubt he has even one limitation to what he can do. Would it really make a difference? I have nothing to hide from him.
“I will follow your wishes,” he says with a slow bow of his head, as if he is making a solemn pact with me again. His stuffy mannerisms are spooky sometimes.
I glance away to the sparkling water, so close to where we stand. Needing a real distraction from the man standing next to me, I decide to take a swim. The weird thing is that each time I come here, I’m already wet. Unfortunately, I have no recollection of having been in the water. The hypnotic power of the waterfall thrums in my ears and the slight breeze raises gooseflesh on my arms, making me more eager for the warm depths of peace. It’s been too long since I’ve slipped through the pool, too long since I let myself relax. I need this as much as air right now.
The crystalline surface reflects the rugged cliffs above until I disturb the image with my entrance. I glide under the water, kicking until I’m in the middle of the pool.
Nothing obstructs my view to the smooth rocks that line the bottom, and instead of hindering my vision, the water intensifies the colors of things.
Sound closes me in a cocoon of reflection, stilling my runaway thoughts. This moment is the most restful I’ve had in days, and I soak it up until I’m nearly whole. I ride the ebbs and flows of the current, letting my muscles release long held tension.
I wish I could stay in this peace forever, so I linger until my mind has eased of worry.
When I finally allow myself to focus on my surrounding again, light glints off something that rests on the pool floor, between a couple stones, making me curious. Not needing a breath yet, I curl inward and slice through the clear liquid, keeping my eyes focused on the glimmering object. For some reason in my alternate world, my lungs can take a full twenty minutes without air. Even in my dream state, I realize this is absurd for a human who is very mortal, but it feels natural, as if I’m part mermaid. Shoving that thought away, I push back the impulse to check myself for gills.
The shiny object comes into view, and my fingers clasp the cool metal band. I pull it out of the silt, which clouds my vision for a moment until it settles back down through the rocks.
I kick for the surface then head for shore, the gold object held neatly in my fist.
Seth’s still sitting there, watching me. I heave a sigh, not about to get out of the water now. Stopping when I’m waist deep, I let the wide cuff rest in my hand to study it. The thing is probably large enough to slip around my bicep. The intricate designs carved into the metal remind me of the scene depicted on the humungous wardrobe in my room. It’s pastoral with trees and rolling hills, from what I can make out. There’s something partly visible peeking out from behind a tree. It’s large and maybe even furry. I still don’t know what it is, yet I am now aware this is significant in some weird way.
Seth’s presence surrounds me before I can move away. When I look up, he’s standing right next to me, yet I didn’t hear or feel any evidence of him having joined me in the water.
“What have you found?” he asks, inflecting what sounds like real curiosity in his tone.
Still a little skeptical, I glance at him to see if he is lying. I’m not exactly sure why I think I can discover such a thing, but I try anyway. His expression tells me a whole lot of nothing, so I shrug inwardly and say, “Looks like some kind of cuff.” I have no idea what else to call it and he’s not being very helpful, so why do I feel like an idiot for stating the obvious?
He flashes me a grin and gives a solemn grunt. “Could very well be.”
I shove his arm. “Stop making fun of me.”
“Was that what I was doing?” he says, surprisingly serious. The only way I know he’s not is because of the almost imperceptible tilt to his lips.
“You know exactly what this is,” I accuse.
“Is that so?”
My jaw juts to the side in irritation. “Stop answering me with questions.”
“I can’t be certain,” he says. “But I think it is a gift.”
“What?” I say in surprise, only realizing afterward that I still sound dumb, so I add, “Isn’t this is supposed to be your domain? If you don’t know what this is, we’re in trouble…and why would I get a gift from a pool?”
His full lips pull down in a frown, while his chest lifts on a deep breath. An amazing amount of warmth radiates from him, which unexpectedly makes me shiver. What surprises me more than this usual reaction to him is the fluttering in my belly at his nearness. Is it this place, or is it Seth’s presence that takes my fear of him away?



I should not be surprised by Amelia, yet she manages the deed on a regular basis. I did not expect her to affect my realm as much as she has. If all goes as planned she will be able to unlock the gateway to the Netherworld.
“Ms. Amelia Blake, if I am right, you just found the first component to the key that will end my curse and set you free.”
Her smile stretches wide while her green eyes dance with light. “Really?”
“We’ll know more when we find the other components.”
“But that was easy. I didn’t do anything.”
I grasp her hand and she curls her fingers around mine. “You did enough.”
This joy in her should be her natural state. One day, perhaps, she will be able to be herself. One day, perhaps, I will be able to love her the way she deserves to be loved.
The task I have set for her is nearly impossible, but she has just shown me she is capable of conjuring impossible things. She is my only hope for escape. She is also Earth’s only hope for redemption.
For one so young, she considers more than most, even those who have lived for centuries, even those who have lived for millennia. Her questions show the depth of her thoughts. They also make me laugh. If anything, she is entertaining.
I take the cuff from her slender fingers, purposely brushing my skin against hers. For the second time in so many minutes she shivers. I hide my smile. Her body tells me more than her words could ever deny. Since I’m already close to her, I slip the cuff over her wrist and slide it slowly up her arm, letting a finger trace her skin. Once it glides past her elbow I press it together. “Perfect fit,” I tell her. “Made for a queen.”
Her brows furrow as her gaze lowers to the cuff. When she looks back at me, her lips purse together. “Yeah, I have a feeling you could make this thing fit anyone.”
A laugh shoots out of me. Being as gentle as I can, I slide it back down her arm. When I attempt to put it on myself it sticks just above my wrist. “Care to restate that?”
With a feeble shake of her head, she laughs. “I meant it would fit just about any woman, and you know it. You’re the opposite of feminine, so you do not count.”
I smirk at her, smug settling into my heart. “Well, that’s good to know.”
She lowers her gaze to the object in my hand, no amount of flirting left in her features. “It’s awesome I found the first piece of the key, but why does that scene keep showing up on stuff?”
My heart jumps. “You have seen this depicted before?” Sweat drips down my back from the mere thought of what this could mean. At best, she has already begun the process of finding the key, but I hardly thought she could conjure a map. At worst, it is a sign she can manipulate the Dreamscape. Either way, it is a good thing. It won’t do me any good to assume she has more power than she does.
“Uh—yeah, it’s, like, on my wardrobe plain as a polar bear in the jungle.”
I have never noticed a depiction on her wardrobe. A sudden desire to march into her bedroom overtakes me. Being near her in the Dreamscape, although amazing, cannot compare to having her truly in my arms. She fits perfectly against me, and I ache to have her there for good, for real.
Knowing her like I do, I cannot allow myself to give in to my urges just yet, so I think of a plan that will permit me to be near her while fulfilling my need to train her.
It is time I take Amelia out of her world. Although she should not be in any danger, she also should not be able to affect anything in the world I plan to take her. Even though the world is crumbling, it should give her a taste of the Dreamscape.
I lift my gaze to hers, letting the moment excite me. She will say yes and then I will have her. “You know,” I draw out to heighten the suspense. “I have just the thing to go with that.”
She laughs. “You have just the…thing…to go with a gold cuff? A woman’s gold cuff?”
“I am very resourceful,” I tell her, then before she can say another word, I lift her into my arms to carry her out of the water. She yelps, but I will not put her down now. She is mine, and it is time for her to understand that.
She pushes against my chest, squirming slightly, but after only a moment her fingers curl against my skin and she inhales a sharp breath. Her heartbeat rises to a fever pitch, and mine matches hers beat for beat. It is all I can do to keep my smile at bay. “What do you think you are doing?” she says, feigning indignation.
“Answering your question.”
She swallows hard, seeming to not know where to place her hands. I still haven’t entered her mind, even though I could gain a world of understanding if I did. I just can’t bring myself to do it. She doesn’t speak again until I place her gently on the rock where I found her. She leans away from me almost immediately, but I ignore her posturing.
Allowing the vision to come, I stand. We are in a ballroom; she is pressed against me. My hand rests low on her bare back as I guide her along the dance floor. The orchestra can barely be heard above the hum in the room.
Amelia blinks up at me, bewildered. Her sensual green eyes take in the room in a single, sweeping glance then find mine once again, suddenly full of fire. “Where the hell are we, Seth?”
Her heartbeat pulses spastically against my abdomen through her silk dress, and her lips open as if for another question. For a split second I’m tempted to dine on those lips, but I make myself answer her. “You wanted to know what went with your gold cuff. I am merely showing you.”
She pulls away, looks down the plunging neckline of her seafoam green gown, and her cheeks pink up. A smile tugs my mouth when she presses against me, once again. Good to know she would rather be covered by me than have me look at her. I laugh. I can’t help myself. She gives a soft growl, which makes me laugh again.
“You are such a jerk!” she spits at me. “This is not funny! I wouldn’t be caught dead in this gown. I demand that you fix this.”
She is drawing attention to us. Hiding my smile, I lean closer to her ear and whisper, “I’d be happy to disrobe you, Amelia. Any time…you name the place. I had no idea you were this fast.”
She huffs and stomps her heel against the top of my Oxfords. Her voice lowers to an almost imperceptible level. “Don’t even think such a thing, buddy. First, you accost me in your den of iniquity then you take over my dreams. I want out of here now. You could have at least warned me.”
People are fully staring now. Just as I’d hoped. Even in her dampened state, she is bringing the room to life.
This is my moment. Nothing and no one will keep me from my next move. I capture her mouth. Her lips yield under mine, and I savor every millisecond I have to taste her. She overwhelms my senses, making me fly on delirium. At some point, I stop moving us along the dance floor, choosing to concentrate instead on owning her. I can only focus on having her in my arms, on loving her. This time there will be no question about who I am. This time when she wakes, she will understand who has held her so many times before.



I shoot upright in my bed, panting. My hair sticks to my mouth as I sweep it away from my blurry eyes. My heart slams a staccato rhythm in my ears. The weird part is the heat of his kiss lingers on my mouth. He never left this deep of an imprint on me as Jason. My fingers flutter over swollen lips.
Taking a deep, calming breath, I fall back against the sweat-drenched pillows. What was that, anyway? I’m tempted to knock Seth’s door down to demand answers, but I’m pretty sure that’s what he wants…maybe is even counting on. He’s probably sitting in that damn chair right now gloating over how I responded to him, and, boy, did I ever respond to him.
My mind is on emotional repeat as the scene plays out again and again. Heat rushes into my face, and I close my eyes against the embarrassment, wishing the moment away, all the while wishing I was still immersed in the act. If Seth can get me that riled up in a dream, what can he do in real life?
I fist my hands against my eyes and groan. What am I going to do? Every moment I spend with him is a moment I lose my urgency to leave here. He’s more than just dangerous; he’s alluring.
To distract myself from my blazing emotions, I slip out of bed and stumble to the bathroom. My shoulder bangs off the doorframe on the way. A soft glow erupts the moment I cross the threshold. My eyes don’t want to stay open, as if I’m still caving to the pull of the dream. I’m not going back in there. I only went to that tropical oasis because I was too out of it to control what happened.
I gasp. Does that mean I have gone to him willingly in the past? Has he been telling the truth?
It takes me a few moments to realize I’m wearing that ridiculous gown he stuck me in. It’s actually very pretty in a lingerie sort of way, but I’ve never shown this much cleavage in my life. The slippery silk hugs every inch of my body and skims the dark wood floor over my bare feet.
My hair is a tangled mess of ravaged curls, and my eyes remain half lidded. The truth is, I can’t quite look myself in the eye after that experience. No matter how mad I am at him right now, Seth can’t see me like this. A different thought pushes forward…maybe I can’t handle seeing him in his tailored tux. Maybe I won’t be able to keep my hands off him the next time we’re together.
A knock sounds at my door. I whirl around, my hand flying to my mouth. He can’t come in here. If he does I might just throw myself at him. My heart still hasn’t calmed down and that was just from the dream of him. Seth in reality is a hundred times worse to deal with.
When I don’t answer, the handle jiggles. “Amelia,” he says, his voice deep with an edge of sexy I don’t want to acknowledge.
I turn on the sink and splash my face with water. What I really want to do is crawl under the stream and pretend I can’t hear him, that I don’t feel him on the other side of that door.
I fumble for the hand towel on the counter, but it ends up suspended two inches from my face. I jump away instantly.
Every inch of me trembles at his nearness. He’s no more than a foot away, but I was too distracted to notice him come in.
Being this close to him is too hard to handle. I should be angry at his lack of decency, but all I want to do is give into my craving for him. He’s so not playing fair.
I yank the towel from his hands and rub my face a little too long to be realistic. At some point I’m going to have to face my connection to him. I’m just not sure that now is the best time for me to do such a thing.
He tugs on the towel after a moment, and I let it fall from my fingers. When I open my eyes and take him in, he is wearing that stinking tux that hugs his shoulders like a football jersey. It should be labeled contraband for the effect it has on me. He stands there, his chest rising and falling with his deep breaths.
I can’t speak. He’s so beautiful. When I take a tentative step toward him, his eyes lock onto mine. In this moment I don’t care about the reasons I should keep my distance. All I want is him.
I lift my fingers to his face, gliding them along his stubble then into his hair. My throat thickens as I take a lock between my fingers then glide my hand further along his soft mane. His eyes flutter closed, and his breath catches. I comb through his hair then pull my hand away. What am I thinking?
“No,” he says, catching my fingers in his strong grasp, “you will not retreat from me again.” His arms circle around me before he lifts me onto the countertop. The cool granite prickles my skin through my thin gown, but it’s Seth that makes me shiver all over.
“Seth,” I say. “I’m not—”
His fingers brush over my lips, quelling the words that could never come out right. My dress rises up my legs as he nudges my knees apart with his thigh. He nestles himself between my legs and tingles race along my skin where he touches me. I can barely breathe, my lungs are so tight with need.
Our eyes lock. The desire resting in the depths of his blue eyes sends a rush of heat to my belly. No one has ever looked at me like that, as if I’m the center of his universe. No, it’s as if I am his universe.
My heartbeat thumps in my ears as he inches closer and cups my face. Just before his lips reach mine, I close my eyes, inhaling his spice. His lips feather over mine once, twice, sending chills down my legs. When he deepens our kiss, I mold myself to him, savoring the feel of his chest against mine. My mind becomes nothing as my body takes over. Dizziness swims through my head and my limbs lose their rigidity. He is my reality. He is my existence.
Too soon he pulls away, and I am left in the void of his absence. I’m scared to open my eyes, afraid he will be gone, afraid he’ll still be there.
My name comes out of him as a breath before his forehead rests against mine. “I’ve been waiting forever to do that.”
I smile, glancing up at him. “You’ve kissed me before.”
He shakes his head, and the sadness in his eyes pierces my heart. “Dreams cannot replace the physical world, no matter how many times I’ve wished they could.”
He’s right, yet my internal skeptic wants to discount this moment as nothing more than a convenient ploy on his part. He wants something from me, and I haven’t forgotten. I also haven’t allowed myself to analyze my emotions, if such a thing is even possible.
Not able to take the way his eyes are devouring me, I bury my face into the crook of his neck. “I’m not sure what to do now,” I tell him honestly.
“What do you want to do, Amelia?”
Thoughts race through my mind at lightning speed. I should keep my focus, but my desire for my freedom has taken a back seat to my desire to explore my feelings for this intense man.
“I—I’m not sure.”
“That’s not true. You’re afraid.”
He totally knows me. I could continue to lie, but what’s the point. I sit back, folding my arms over my chest. “I told you I don’t do people very well.”
With gentle fingers he steals one of my hands, rolling his thumb over my skin. “Just because you have little experience does not mean you are inept. You do yourself a disservice.”
What am I supposed to say to that? I clear my throat, rubbing circles against the fabric covering my stomach. Fluttery anticipation has taken root in my core. If I tell him how he affects me, he’ll continue to pursue me. I could get hurt. I always get hurt. On the other hand, if I tell him I’m not interested I’ll be lying, and I will definitely be hurt. Even though I don’t want to admit it, I’ve come to trust Seth.
“I want to try to make this work,” I say, my voice barely above a whisper.
His smile lights the room, and I find myself smiling in return. Without warning his arms fly around me and he lifts me up high against him, whirling us around and around until I become so dizzy I think I might puke.
When he finally lowers me to the floor, his hands linger at my hips as he presses me against his hard frame. His voice comes out thick. “Well, then, this has been a very productive day.”



Amelia slaps my shoulder playfully. “Don’t think you’ve won me over just yet,” she says, attempting to pull away from me.
I will not let her retreat from me in any way, but I have to be careful with her. She has had too much heartache in her short life already. I will not be the cause of more pain. I give her a swarthy smirk. “Merely having you in my arms is proof enough.” Her back visibly stiffens, as I expect. “What’s wrong with showing how we feel about each other?” I ask her, hoping for an honest answer.
Her chin dips toward her chest, but I catch it with my fingers and bring her gaze to mine. For a moment I think she will not answer me, until she says, “I don’t know how to show emotions. They’ve never served much of a purpose for me.”
I cup her cheek in my hand and whisper my fingers over her petal-soft skin. “You no longer live in that world, Amelia. I hope in time you find you may trust me completely. I desire only to please you, to help you, to cherish you. You need only ask for whatever you desire, and if it is in my power I will make sure you get it.”
She won’t hold my gaze, but she allows me to continue to caress her. Her next words send a flood of empathy through me. “I’ve never thought about what I really want. I wouldn’t even know how to ask for something I’ve never had.”
I slide the gold cuff down her arm and place it on the countertop for safe keeping. She watches me but doesn’t comment. Her erratic emotions boil over into me. I soak up the sensations as I lift her into my arms and carry her to her bed.
Her eyes cloud with a wary veil, but I keep my expression open. She probably thinks I will take advantage of her weakness. Part of me desires nothing more than to consume all of her until I’ve learned every inch of her, yet the urge to protect her wins out.
Keeping her close to me, I lower her onto the mattress. “Sleep, Amelia. I shall not disturb you further. When you awake we will have much to plan and discuss, but for now, know that I love you. I have loved you for as long as I’ve known you and nothing you do will ever change that.”
Taking in the scent of her, I brush my lips against her forehead then turn to go. Her fingers clasp mine gently. When I look over my shoulder at her, her eyes are closed and she swallows hard. Moments pass, but she doesn’t say anything; she just lies there with her eyes shut tight, yet she will not release my hand.
I sit on the bed next to her. “Would you like me to stay with you?”
Her breathing becomes shallow as she nods. When she finally looks at me, fear and anxiety mix together in her troubled eyes.
I stand and remove my jacket, then my shoes and socks. She watches me the entire time, which I find to be unexpectedly alluring. This, however, is not a moment for passion. This moment is for building trust between us. For her to trust me enough to yield to my will in the Dreamscape, she must know that her needs come before mine. Here, she may test me any time she likes, and a secret part of me hopes she will, but for her to question me in the Dreamscape could be fatal. She has only had a taste of the dangers that await her there. I am putting her in untoward danger necessarily, but I do not like taking such a risk.
When I unbutton my cuffs, her eyes widen in alarm. A smile lifts the corners of my mouth and I move my fingers slowly to the row of buttons at my chest. One by one I set them free, before I shrug out of my shirt.
No need to be uncomfortable if I am going to face the agony of holding her while she sleeps. She moves to rise, but I nudge her over and push her shoulders back to the mattress. Slipping in beside her, I count the seconds between each of my breaths to keep my mind from exploring what I’d like to do to her in this moment.
Her heartbeat sings to me as I stare at her beautiful face. Without uttering a word, I pull her against my chest and stroke her hair.
At first, she stiffens in my arms, but I continue to stroke her hair and then her back. Before long, she relaxes against me. It only takes a few minutes for her breathing to steady and soon she has drifted into a dreamless sleep.
I keep her mind cocooned in a sea of darkness, letting her rest. Tomorrow will bring change. I hope she is ready for what I will require of her, but even if she isn’t, I will assist her along the way.
I force myself to stay in this moment, for I have no idea when or if I will be able to hold her like this again. She will most likely erect another wall for me to traverse, but I’ll worry about that later. Right now I enjoy the feel of her against me.
Right now, I cherish her.







When I wake, my body floats on a blissful state of weightlessness. I reach out for Seth, but he’s gone. Disappointment floods through me, yet I can’t expect him to stick around when he has so much to take care of.
In the brief time I was actually in the Dreamscape, I noticed a few things. First, people were a lot more aware than I thought they would be; second, I made them stare at us. My actions have a direct impact on what happens in that place.
Unlike actually dreaming, I remember every emotion, every word uttered by those around us. Most were curious, but some were disturbed.
I need to talk to Seth about this because I don’t want him to be ambushed when he goes there again. There’s just so much I don’t understand about the place, and the last thing I want to do is put him in danger.
It still seems rather odd to me that there would be a being, or several beings, that are assigned to deliver dreams to people. I always thought dreams were just the mind’s way of sorting through the crap of the day, but I’m beginning to understand there is much I don’t understand.
My desire to learn has overshadowed any fear I might have of going in the Dreamscape again. It was so real. The sights and sounds and smells still linger in my memories, most of which star Seth. His presence has a way of blocking out all else. That probably isn’t such a good thing if he wants me to help him find that guy, or the rest of the key.
Since I’m not sure what the plan is for today, I dress casual, more than happy to discard that sleazy dress I happened to wake up only half in. Heat rises up my neck at the thought of Seth seeing me unclothed. It’s not like it hasn’t happened before, but I was dreaming at the time, and he totally crashed my Blue Lagoon moment.
He’s perfection in the flesh. I still can’t believe that a guy like him has to pretty much kidnap a girl to have any chance at a relationship. He’s not really creepy, now that I know him better. It must suck to be him. I’ve got so many questions to ask him with no way of knowing if I’ll offend him.
He told me about that girl who betrayed him, and I want to know more. I need to find out what happened between them because I don’t want to end up hurting him, no matter how this ends up. He’s counting on me to help him, but the weird part is I kind of want to now.
When I look in the bathroom, the cuff is gone. I never expected to be able to keep it, but I did want to compare it to the wardrobe and see if I am right about the images. I’ll ask Seth about it later. Wanting to get the day going, I twist my hair into a sloppy bun before I head into Seth’s room. Not surprisingly, he’s not here. The fire wall isn’t activated, so he can’t be in the Dreamscape, either.
He’s probably with Baltek. Poor dog has suffered since I came along.
It doesn’t take me long to find the solarium or whatever he called his enormous sunroom that would rival Central Park. The door is open and the air carries the scent of autumn leaves, even though everything in here is varying shades of vibrant green. The light overhead seems brighter today and reflects off the myriad panes of crystal overhead.
When I don’t see either of them, I meander deeper into the space. “Seth?” I call, probably too quiet for him to really hear me, but for some reason, I can’t bring myself to yell in this place.
After I get a big fat zero of a response, I stroll through the trees. It really is quite beautiful here, yet Seth’s right. Knowing the sunlight is merely an illusion kind of kills the moment. Even so, I allow myself to enjoy the breeze and the warmth.
Pretty soon, I catch the soothing melody of gurgling water. I glance around the nearby area then listen more closely. Does he seriously have a river in here somewhere? It’s either that or a wicked loud generator.
As I move further into the trees, the place loses the park feel and takes on rugged countryside qualities. I’ve been a city girl most of my life, so the trees and the silence close in on me.
It’s relatively easy to find the river in question, which is good sized. In front of me is an ancient stone bridge that arcs high above the rumbling water. Across the bridge, what looks like a running trail shadows the river in both directions. Curiosity takes over, so I decide to explore the area.
It’s strange how easily I connect with my surroundings. I’m beginning to think Seth’s holding out on me. I could get lost here, both figuratively and literally.
After a while, I lower to a moss-covered rock and close my eyes. The soft breeze tickles my skin, and I allow myself the small pleasure. The woods remind me of Seattle in an odd way, but these woods emit an ancient vibe that Seattle could never compete with.
My body slowly relaxes until I’m almost in a trance.
I don’t even hear his approach, but Seth’s energy calls to me. I scan the area until I catch him in the act of studying me. Offering a complacent smile, I pat the rock beside me.
Baltek doesn’t need an invitation and bounds over in four long strides. He nuzzles his wet nose under my chin and licks my neck. A giggle springs out of me so fast he startles away, but he’s back for more in an instant.
“Seems you have a fan,” says Seth in a casual tone, striding up to us. When he sits beside me, our shoulders brush against each other, reminding me of how he held me all night.
Delicious warmth spreads through me, but I’m more interested in figuring out what’s up with Seth’s secretive smile. I rub Balteck’s neck and smile. “He’s not so bad now that I’m pretty sure he’s not going to take my head off.”
Seth quirks a brow, yet refrains from commenting. I smirk at him because I’m not going to fall for his trap. That dog loves me. The weird part is he’s growing on me too.
Silence stretches between us, but this time it’s not that uncomfortable. I want to talk to him yet I have no idea where to start.
I nod at the trees. “This place is full of surprises.”
A strange look crosses his face before he says, “It’s not the place. It’s you.”
I frown at him. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
“This is a new addition to the conservatory. I have never traversed this part of the garden.”
“What?” I ask, sitting up straighter, not sure I heard him right. “You mean it just showed up?”
“Yes, Amelia.” His warm fingers brush my hand. “You called it here.”
I stand up, not wanting his touch to distract me. Confusion courses through me. “I didn’t do anything.”
“Ah, but you did.” His blue eyes study me for a moment before he speaks again. “Somewhere deep within you this land exists, and you brought it with you.”



My mind rushes with excitement. Amelia is the one I have been looking for. In so little time she has changed my entire existence.
I’m still having problems processing what just happened. There is no mistake now. Her desires affect my realm, as well as the Dreamscape. I gaze up at her vivid green eyes that might as well be a reflection of her impromptu creation. Give her a pair of sparkling wings and she’d make an entrancing wood sprite.
She stares down at me in utter bewilderment, and I cannot help myself from laughing. Joy sprouts from the deepest parts of me. It has been so long since I have felt an actual breeze rush against my skin. The sky has changed too.
No longer is the light contained within the air. It’s coalescing into one bright spot above us, mimicking actual sunlight, just like in her dream world.
Temptation like I have never known bombards me. If I keep her here, she will remain mine. If I keep her from the Dreamscape, no one can take her from me. Spending an eternity cursed with her would be exquisite. No Erobos can enter my realm. We would be safe.
Only a moment passes before utter darkness washes over me. If I take her only chance for freedom, she would hate me.
Worse, I would hate myself.
I love Amelia, but I have already taken all that I will from her. She is not fragile, but she is a woman that needs nourishment I cannot provide.
They say if you love someone set them free. Am I strong enough to let Amelia go? The real question lies unanswered. If I let her go will she come back to me, or will she flee my cage, never to be seen again?
I grasp a twig, pretending to study it while my thoughts rush ahead. It snaps easily under the slightest pressure, plucking me from my contemplation. She cares for me, yet how much pressure will it take for her to snap?
Time is my enemy. I must pursue this course I have set; however, I am loath to traverse the path.
A cool touch alights on my arm. “What’s wrong?” Amelia asks me.
I offer her a flimsy grin. What should I tell her? That she holds my very survival in her hands? That she is meant to save me from this hell? I open my mouth, yet the words will not come.
The only way for me to develop trust with her is to leap forward into the void of unknown.
I glance at her beautiful, worried face and say, “Will you help me, Amelia?”
She blinks in rapid succession, and I wonder if the movement is a mirror of her thoughts. “I wouldn’t even know where to start,” she says before her hands adjust her ponytail and cross over her chest.
When she shifts on the rock again, I take her hand, relishing the feel of her skin against mine. “How about we train some more?”
Her lips twitch into a smile. “I wouldn’t mind getting back into the Dreamscape… I just hope that someday it will be for real.”
Her enthusiasm is what I’m counting on and dreading. If given too much leeway, she could fall out of my grasp. I give her a nod and stand beside her. If I’m putting myself out there I might as well go big. I pull her into my arms, hugging her to me.
To my surprise, she relaxes against me. I breathe her in, memorizing the feel of her, the sweet taste in the air. “Thank you,” I say. My throat tightens until I cannot utter another word.
She moves away, but taps my shoulder playfully. “I technically haven’t done anything yet. Who’s to say that I won’t totally end up ruining every plan you’ve ever made?”
“I have faith in you,” I tell her, placing my arm around her shoulders to lead her out of this seemingly endless maze of trees and plush hills.
“Well, I hope so!” she says in a falsetto that makes her sound like a southern belle. “You’re the one that brought me here. If you don’t know what you’re doing, we’re both in trouble.”
“Oh, I know what I’m doing, and soon, so will you.” I lean heavier against her as we walk. “I have a feeling you’re going to be magnificent.”



Sweat stings my eyes before I can wipe it away. Somehow when Seth suggested we train, I didn’t quite have this in mind. He’s chased me around his gym until I’m ready to fall down, but I still haven’t managed to outrun him.
I hold up my hand as he stalks toward me…again. “I give,” I say. Too bad he’s not listening. Each time he catches me, I am more disheartened. The pit in my chest takes another dive when he lunges at me. He’s got this wicked glint in his eyes that shoots fear straight to my bones. He’s so into this, he’s not even responding any more. I zag away from him just before he catches me around the waist. His fingers graze my side, trying to find something to grasp. I squeal. “Come on, Seth! I’m tired. I’ve had enough already!”
He dips his chin and comes at me again, giving a grunt as he rushes forward. He’s totally not fooling.
“Seth! I said stop!”
Darkness glitters behind his blue eyes, making full-out fear blossom in my gut. Has something happened to him? More animal than man, he won’t even respond in anything other than grunts.
When he makes another move, adrenaline jolts through me, and I sprint away. Leaping over the weights strewn across the floor, I dodge the punching bags. Once I’m past the blue mat, my feet do a better job of propelling me forward.
His presence stalks me as I race through the halls toward anywhere but here. When I realize I’m heading for the library, I groan. I really need to pay more attention to where I’m going. There is only one way out of that place, and there is no freaking way I’m letting him corner me in his crimson den of pleasure with the way he’s acting.
Seeing no other option, I dart down a hall I’ve never been. It’s dark and eerie, as if no one has stepped a foot in here since the place was made. A thin light ahead gives me some hope.
I listen for any sign of Seth pursuing me, but the only sound that registers is my rapid breath. My pulse thumps in my throat as my mind frantically searches for an escape.
The dust covering the cool floor makes the experience ten times worse. Why exactly did I take off my shoes?
Only someone completely comfortable in the presence of someone else should ever remove footwear. I never expected Seth to wig out like this. It’s like he’s Hyde or something. He really could be this close to losing it and I wouldn’t know.
Seth has the attributes I loved so much in Jason, but he’s also got some major issues Jason never exhibited. Why is it that the first time I attract a guy he’s a total nutter?
I just don’t know what to think anymore. Needing somewhere to hide, I twist at the last second into a dark room off the hallway. I’m hoping for a side door or a convenient little rabbit hole. It wouldn’t matter if it was a doggie door, I’d take anything about now.
The rational part of my brain tells me I’m overreacting. Seth has never really hurt me…well, he almost fried me with that wicked fire wall of his right after he brought me here, but—
I don’t have time for another thought.
My arm hairs stand straight on end while an electric chill sizzles through my veins. I freeze where I am, listening for any hint of his pursuit. My breath stills to a low rustle. Nothing seems out of place, yet everything in me screams run.
When I whirl away from the doorway there’s a stinking wall. I don’t think much about it before I command the barrier to become an exit. If I could create an entire countryside, I sure as hell should be able to create a door. If not, I’ll smash through the drywall.
In an instant a passageway appears in front of me. I rush forward, not caring where this thing leads.
My next thought makes me trip forward. As I’m falling the question solidifies in my mind. What if I could create a door out of here now? I throw my arms in front of me to protect myself, but I’m plucked from my fall by a pair of strong hands.
Seth pulls me tight against his chest and for the briefest of moments I think he’s going to snap my neck…or sink his teeth into me.
Instead, he rests his face against the back of my shoulder, panting in huge breaths. His skin is slick with sweat, as is mine. Neither of us speaks for an uncomfortably long time.
He finally breaks the silence with a labored sigh. “How did you get in here?”
Not exactly what I expected him to say. I stiffen. He’s in such trouble, yet he seems to have no idea just how pissed I am. “How the hell would I know?”
His chuckle rumbles through me. Since he seems to have recovered from his monster moment, my anxiety withers away to the point where I can actually find out what I did to provoke him. “Why did you take after me like that?” Once I have answers, I’ll sucker punch him for scaring the crap out of me.
When I turn my neck to look at him, he steps away, releasing me. “I have to push you. I have to know you will be safe in the Dreamscape.”
I narrow my eyes. He considered that training? “You’re really starting to scare me with the mega-drama.”
He doesn’t even flinch. “It’s not drama. There is no way for me to train you adequately here. I wanted—” he shakes his head, “—needed you to understand the danger. If you had been in the Dreamscape and I had been Erobos, you would now be mine.”
My eyes narrow. “Somehow, I think there’s more to it.” Even with the little contact I’ve had with the Erobos, I already know they are freaky scary. Realization that they might be worse than I’ve imagined snakes around my mind, while creating more and more questions. I finally decide on one to ask him. “What would they want me for?”
His eyelids flutter before he stares at his shoes, as if he can’t or won’t look at me. “You are the most gifted Sibylline I’ve ever seen. You have not only created your own space within my realm, you have opened up places that have long been closed off.”
I can’t quite decide if he is leaving something out, or if he is afraid to lay too much on me at once. “Yeah, I already know you think I’m cooler than whipped cream, but what aren’t you telling me?”
His lips twitch into a smirk. “What makes you ask that question?”
“You’re evading.”
“How do you know that?”
“Body language, mostly.”
Lightning blue eyes meet mine. Entranced, I move closer to him to get a better view. I’ve never seen such emotion in his gaze. It scares me how much he’s showing me right now, but I can’t make myself stay put.



I’m ensnared in Amelia’s stare. My whole body vibrates from her energy, and for not the first time, I question my plan.
If she is this potent in my realm, she will have full reign of any reality she can conjure in the Dreamscape. I recoil from the thought, but not from her. She is not Rhea and I will not treat her as such.
She steps into my personal space, making my pulse jump with excitement. Does she feel the same pull I do? Do I make her heart sing?
She is everything I could have hoped for, and everything I’ve ever feared. If this woman ever became my enemy, I would be completely lost to her will.
The same thing could happen if she ever became my mate. She has not accepted me as such yet, but I wonder if I should continue to pursue that course so hastily.
I should allow her the chance to train, to prepare for the experience of the Dreamscape in bits and pieces. I’m not being fair to her, but what other option do I have?
If I delay until she is ready, the Erobos will likely have completely infiltrated the Dreamscape, no longer relegated to the icy lands of the Metaspace. The numbers Daegan had at his command startled me. They were physically present, not mere transmissions through dreams. They have found a leak in the Metaspace, but how? Who is helping them cross over?
With so much at risk, I must consider more than my growing feelings for Amelia.
I give her a small smile. “There are a few things I’d like to share with you.” She nods, so I continue, “As I’ve told you, the whole of Earth is in danger. If the Erobos can connect with enough mortals, they could obtain enough energy to create a portal to the Earth and then to the Netherworld, once again. Before our numbers fell, we managed to erect a barrier that prevents access to the Earth through the Netherworld, but it is weakening as we speak. Only Oneiroi life force can pass through. You must become Oneiroi before you can free us. You must accept this life and me for my plan to work. The Oneirio were created to protect the souls of men. Even if you try to traverse the Metaspace as mortal and you manage to bypass the barrier, in the Netherworld, it is easy to lose track of how many times you might splinter. Without a complete soul, humans are relegated to the Netherworld forever, which wouldn’t be so bad if the place wasn’t infested with the most unsavory creatures from every world that has ever existed. Thanks to Volos, the Netherworld is more nightmare than paradise now.”
When Amelia takes another step toward me, I head for the door. I have no desire to stay in this place. I’d rather go skinny dipping in a piranha-infested swamp.
“Hey,” she huffs. “Where’re you going?”
“I have work to do,” I tell her, not bothering to glance over my shoulder.
Her voice deflates to a harsh whisper. “You’re leaving again? After laying something like that on me?”
Steadying myself on the doorframe, I take a deep breath. “I’ve been neglecting my duties, and I must return to my work. My team needs me.”
Her energy slides up against me far before she actually touches me. “I can’t stay here alone anymore.” When she takes another step closer, I freeze. Cool fingers glide around my forearm. “Do you understand me, Seth?” Her face inches nearer until all I can focus on is her mossy green eyes. When she speaks, I hear her words, but my focus has shifted to the movement of her mouth. “I can’t take it a second longer. I have to do something. I have to get out of here. It doesn’t matter how big your place is; it’s still a prison. I don’t deserve to be here. I don’t know what you did to land yourself here, but it wasn’t right for you to pull me into your curse. You want me to accept you? You want me to become Oneiroi? Show me that I should.”
I can barely find my breath. Her chest brushes my torso with every ragged inhalation she makes. Without even thinking about it, I tuck her silky dark hair behind her ear.
Her gaze shifts questioningly to my hand then back to my eyes, demanding an answer I cannot give her.
She passes her hand in front of my face. “Hello? Anyone in there? Why aren’t you answering me?”
“I understand you, Amelia.” She closes her eyes when I touch her cheek. “I know perfectly well how oppressive this place is. I also understand your need for companionship, as well as excitement. I want nothing more than to bring you into the Dreamscape with me; however, I must think of your safety.”
“If you don’t get me out of here, I’ll slit my wrists before you get back. I seriously can’t take another second.”
Normally, I would discount her threat, but her eyes are wild and her breathing shallow. Other than her lips, her face has lost all color. Hating myself even more, I pull her into my arms and hold her close. “I’m sorry, Amelia. I should have left you be. I should have chosen another.”







Seth’s apology is more than I can take right now. His voice is filled with regret, and the amazing part is I believe him. After how much time we’ve spent together in my dreams, how could he not know the way I would react to being locked up?
Silent tears roll down my cheeks. I let him hold me in his strong arms for only a moment before I step away from him. “Are you going to take me or not?”
“Are you going to consider my offer?”
I cock my head. “How could I not? The entire world is at stake, right?”
He bites the inside of his cheek and stares at me for a long moment before he nods. “How about a compromise?”
Doesn’t exactly sound promising. “What did you have in mind?”
He tilts his head, his eyes softening. “I had hoped to have Maybell teach you to dampen your energy before you enter active dream worlds. You will not be able to affect the Dreamscape in the same manner as if you were physically there; however, with your level of presence I believe with little training you could be a real help to me.”
Lifting my eyebrows at him, I say, “Explain.”
He grasps my fingers and pulls me farther down the hallway, out of this dilapidated part of his house. I’m tempted to ask him about it, but if he’s considering letting me out of this place for a while, there’s no way I’m going to distract him.
After a bit of silence he says, “Erobos gain power with every moment I spend here with you. I waited too long to come for you.”
I give a hearty grunt, staring at him. “I thought you only get a little bit of time out of your place every so often.”
“That is the truth. I have a window of opportunity, when I’ve acquired enough energy to break through the barrier. The pull from my realm is agony to resist, so I accomplish my tasks as quickly as possible. It took me fifteen minutes to bring you here. I needed to save as much of my power as I could. I’m sorry for the way I came for you, but I did what I thought was best.”
I shake my head. How am I ever going to understand the rules of his world? There’s a tiny part of me that wants to believe I am still dreaming in my apartment...that I will wake up and find myself homeless. The scariest part about it is I’m starting to see the advantages of being here. I’m starting to realize just what Seth gave me when he plucked me from my life.
He’s right. I had nothing. Worse, I had no one. I would have done my best to make things work, but without much money and only a part-time job, where would I have gone? Being in a shelter wouldn’t have been better than spending my time here. My chances at finding a roommate fizzled once the girls I approached found out I wasn’t in college. They told me they were sorry, but another girl needed the room more than I did. I had more appointments, but in a college town, finding a place for a few hundred a month wasn’t realistic.
Maybe I’m rationalizing; maybe I’m delusional? At this point it doesn’t matter because one thing is certain: I’m curious, and I want to see what this Dreamscape can offer me.
“I’ll take your word for it,” I tell Seth, eyeing him speculatively. “As long as I’m not here rotting away while you’re gone, I don’t really care what we do.”
A secretive smile spreads along his scrumptious mouth. “You will be an instant hit.”
“Hit?” I ask, not sure what he means.
“Let’s just say in the Dreamscape new faces rarely appear between worlds. Not to mention, my team will be ecstatic to have you. With your level of control and presence, you can really make a difference for us.”
I smile. It would be nice to have people who wanted me in their lives. “When will I meet them?”
“Soon, but I want to teach you a few things along the way.”
“So we’re going to world hop?”
He clasps my fingers, bringing them to his lips. Using the lightest of pressure, he brushes a kiss along my fingertips, making my heart lurch and the skin on my arm tickle. His gaze follows my arm up to my face and he smiles again. “Amelia,” he says, “we shall discover the universe together.”
How can he be so beautiful and terrifying in the same moment?
I’ve never had anyone speak to me the way he does, let alone talk to me as though I am the only thing that matters to him. He’s such a strange man. Maybe it’s because I don’t understand him, or maybe it’s because he comes from a different time, a different world even, but he is a mystery and I’m way too curious for my own good.
“All right.” I cock my head. “What exactly do I wear to discover the universe?”
He laughs, and the deep sound resonates into my heart. “Battle gear, remember?”
I frown at him, tucking my hands under my arms to suppress a sudden shiver. “Won’t that just pin an attack me sign where those Erobos people are concerned?”
His cool fingers pat my hand. “Not to worry. Once we are in the Dreamscape, I will teach you to camouflage yourself. With enough training, you can become anything or anyone you desire.”
I scrunch up my face. “No way.”
Not saying anything else, he merely smirks at me, pulling me faster down the hallway toward our rooms.
I glance at him sidelong. “You’re not going to answer me?”
His voice dips lower. “I thought you were a show, don’t tell, kind of girl.”
It’s my turn to smirk at him.



I can hardly stand the excitement bubbling within me. Not only has Amelia agreed to my terms, she appears eager to experience the Dreamscape.
My hopes have been realized. I do not have the time or desire to give in to my doubts about taking her so soon. Even though she will be anchored here, there will be risks to her soul.
I realized she would be curious, yet I had no idea she would show such enthusiasm. She’s been guarded nearly the entire time I’ve had her here, but perhaps she has accepted me? Perhaps she has yielded to the idea of being here with me?
No doubt she will search for a way out. Rumors of an entrance to the mortal realm still circulate the inner worlds, but to my knowledge, no one has ever found the portal. For a moment, I wonder if that is what Daegan is after. Does he think Amelia could find the entrance? Volos had his memory wiped before he had completely converted, and he is the only one who knew where the portal was. Only time will answer that question, and right now, I have a recruit to look after.
I deposit Amelia at her room and instruct her to be ready in five minutes. She gives me a shrug then closes the door.
I’m changed and ready to go in three. Impatient as I am, I pace the edge of the fire wall. When she finally emerges from her room, clothed in skin-tight black leather, I take her in, not bothering to hide my assessment. A pretty blush infuses her cheeks, lessening the illusion that she is completely in control and ready for any threat. Still, her reaction merely enhances her beauty, her purity. Even with her harsh upbringing, Amelia has never truly embraced evil.
My only hope is that she will be strong enough to withstand the cunning manipulations the Erobos are known for. I could spend more than a century warning her, but she is not the type who would benefit from such training, even if I had the time to give her.
Taking a deep breath, I walk to her side. She fidgets with her hair until I still her hands. “You are beautiful.”
She gives a huff. “I look ridiculous.”
What she looks is exquisite , but I do not let the thought escape my lips. I brush my fingers over the spikes at her elbows. “Do you remember what I taught you?”
When I lung at her, she twists away from me, taking a fighting stance, her legs spread wide, her hands up to deflect any blow I might throw at her.
“Good,” I say, offering a sincere smile. “Once in the Dreamscape, follow my lead. If I tell you to run, do not hesitate. You must memorize our entry point for each world. Remember that the farther you wander away from the portal, the harder it will be for you to find it again. Some worlds have many portals, but all do not offer such convenience. There are also failsafe portals that are risky to enter. You must not enter a portal you are unfamiliar with. They could even be Erobos, and you won’t be able to tell the subtle difference at first. Do you understand?”
“Yeah. Got it, boss. What do I do if we are separated?”
“Find the portal and use it. I will follow as quickly as I am able. Due to their dark energy, Erobos cannot enter Oneiroi portals, nor can we enter theirs, but they can trick you and ambush you. Even if you make it to one of our portals, they can track you and will follow your trail quickly. Do not hesitate to return to my realm if the need arises. If nothing else will do, wake up.”
“How?”
“Think of a word that means something to you. All you have to do is scream that word and you will be severed from the Dreamscape.” I wait for a moment, giving her time then ask, “Do you have it?”
She nods, glancing at the floor. I lift her gaze to mine. “I will not let you out of my sight. You shouldn’t even be noticed by the lesser ranks. It is the elite we have to worry about.” One elite in particular crosses my mind.
“Daegan?”
I nod.
“Won’t the others question my being with you?”
I attempt to keep my expression neutral. “It is not uncommon for me to travel with a beautiful companion, so unless they’re specifically looking for signs of life, they will not detect you, especially if you attempt to keep yourself dampened.”
Amelia’s dark brows draw together over her green eyes. An edge of jealousy lies within her gaze, which brings a smile to my lips. She smirks at me. “I have no idea what you mean by ‘signs of life.’ Isn’t everyone alive in the Dreamscape?”
“Humans have a level of consciousness specifically designed for dream travel. Since your body will technically be here, you will be in that mode of consciousness. It will be difficult for normal ranking Erobos to see the difference in life force. You must attempt to blend into your environment.”
She gives me a few exaggerated blinks. “You make it sound as if they have an entire army.”
“They do. Hundreds of thousands, maybe over a million. You must be careful at all times. You must follow my lead. They will be curious. Make no mistake, they will notice you; however, dreamers do not react to touch. Since you will not allow anyone other than me to touch you, this should not be a problem.”
“Right. No one can touch me but you.” Her eyes narrow while she tucks the knife I hand her into her belt. “You know, you sound like a control freak, Seth.”
I swallow past a lump of regret and sigh. “I must maintain my realm, Amelia. What you see as controlling I call survival.” When I extend my hand, she takes it. “There is just one other thing we need to get straight before we get you settled.”
“What’s that?”
“You will not leave your designated sleeping zone while in the Dreamscape.”
She coughs out a laugh. “Designated sleeping zone? Seriously?”
“Amelia, I have taken great measures to keep you safe. Even if the unthinkable happens and an Erobos latches onto your life force, you will merely wake up. If you were to wander my realm before I can return, they could follow you here. The designated sleeping zone was created to keep them contained, should they manage to return with you.”
“I thought I would just be in my room.”
I catch myself chewing on my upper lip, so I rub them together, hoping she didn’t notice my worry. “It is not safe for you to dream in your room without me being present. I cannot guarantee that once we slip out of your dream world we will not be separated. If an Erobos followed you here and accessed the fire wall, my realm would fall.” And so would I.
I take her hands, pulling her closer, making sure she is paying attention. “Amelia, my realm is the only thing separating Earth from the Erobos. If my realm falls, so will Earth.”
Her eyes widen and she nods. Increasing in tempo, her heartbeat is the most telling response she gives. “As long as it isn’t in that Den of—um, as long as it isn’t in your library, I’m good with it.”
I smile, imagining her draped across red velvet in nothing but skin. When she slaps my shoulder, I laugh. She knows me so well, yet she acts as if I am still a mystery for her. “That is exactly where you will sleep if you intend to come with me.”



Anger flares inside me. Who does this guy think he is? He can’t just tell me what to do and expect me to obey like I’m his dog. He’s already got one of those. “No way,” I tell him. “There is no way I am ever climbing those stairs again, let alone sleeping in that room with the glass floor.”
Seth gives me a onceover before he smiles. “For your information, that floor is solid crystal, not glass. It is ten times as strong as any manmade structure you have ever lived in. That room is the safest place you could be. I’ll take no arguing from you.”
“I won’t do it,” I tell him, folding my arms over my chest and cocking my hip.
He gives me all of a half a second to prove me wrong. I’m thrust over his shoulder as he heads for the library before I can say another word. I’m not going to kick or scream or do anything that will compromise me, but the moment he puts me down he better be ready.
I close my eyes as he ascends the stairs. All it would take is for him to trip and I’d fall over a hundred feet. No. I won’t think about that. I have to stay calm.
To my surprise he doesn’t set me on my feet at all. When I open my eyes, he’s lowering me to the bed. The domed ceiling reflects a cascade of pearlescent light over us.
I twist away from him, punch his shoulder, and glare full force. “I can’t sleep here. It’s not even dark.”
“You may make it as light or as dark as you wish. This room is designed for your needs. As before, merely speak your requirement and, apart from an exit, you shall be accommodated.”
I lean back on my elbows and stare at him. “Do you realize how freaky you are? You can’t just command me to do stuff. I should be able to make my own decisions.”
“Until you are capable of protecting yourself, precautions must be made. I thought you would be happy to begin your training. There is only so much we can do in my realm. You must experience the Dreamscape yourself to truly learn anything of value.”
He’s got me. I should feel comforted knowing that nothing can reach me in here, but it feels more like I’ve been dumped in a cage with a bowl of water and a bit of kibble.
“Fine,” I tell him, because there really is no point in arguing with him. Maybe if I don’t think about where I am, I won’t have too many problems.
Warm fingers brush the line of my jaw, making me shiver. “Are you cold?” asks Seth. He doesn’t even move, but the covers suddenly shift underneath me then slide along my body up to my chin.
“Nifty ability,” I say, smirking at him.
“Yes, well, I do what I can.” He manually adjusts the blankets at my throat, his chest coming within inches of my face. When he leans back, I make myself look away from him. Even in a T-shirt, he makes my mouth go dry. He clears his throat and I narrow my eyes. Am I that obvious? Before I can ask him, he says, “Are you ready?”
I nod, not knowing if I really am ready for this, but I have to start somewhere. My stomach flutters as if someone released a thousand bouncy balls inside me.
Seth stretches, yawning. “Would that I could take the spot beside you, but unlike you, I have to be physically present to affect the Dreamscape.”
“What?” I ask. What he said doesn’t make sense.
He flushes as though embarrassed or worried. “It’s nothing,” he says, making me sure it is something.
Even though I’m dying to find out what he meant, I let it go. I’m going to experience more of the Dreamscape soon enough, if I can ever relax. I take a deep breath and close my eyes, imagining the pool and waterfall I’ve come to love.
“Not there,” Seth murmurs into my ear. His warm breath feathers wisps of hair around my face, not helping the shivering one bit. “The ball, remember?”
How can I forget? “Why there?” I ask, making myself keep my eyes closed. If I open my eyes, I’ll get lost in his.
His cheek brushes against mine as he inhales near my ear. My head flies with dizziness. What is he doing to me? I can barely keep my wits when he answers me, his breath tickling me to my toes. “I don’t want you to be noticed at first. We shall enter the Dreamscape from a world you are not connected to.”
“Okay,” I tell him, wishing I had a single clue what to expect from here.
“It’s nineteen sixty-seven in uptown Manhattan. We’ve arrive in style in my nineteen thirty-four cherry red Ford Coupe. The bellman can’t take his eyes off you and neither can I. It is a small party for the elite.”
“Whose dream is it?” I ask because he’s making me crazy with desire, and I need to think about something else.
“Charlotte Robinson. She’s been in a coma for more than forty years. This was her coming out party. The day she will never forget, the day she lost everything, after finding the one thing she could have never hoped for with her life as it was.”
I’m already sad for her. “What was that?”
“Her true love.”
I sit up, pushing Seth away from me. “What happened to her?”
His head tilts, mirroring the angle of mine. “She was hit by a car…sustained a traumatic brain injury. Her parents kept her on life support, but her father just passed away last week. The estate is wealthy enough to keep her going, but now that he is gone, the executor will likely pull the plug.”
I gasp. “That’s awful. What did she lose that night?”
“Her secret boyfriend died after he whisked her away from the ball for a stolen moment. She was reluctant to leave, and he, in his excitement to get her alone, pulled her into road. They never saw the car coming. The driver was distracted by a beautiful woman on the opposite sidewalk. He only looked away for a moment, but that was all it took.”
“I don’t want to go there,” I say, gritting my teeth to keep the unexpected tears from spilling into my eyes.
“Amelia,” Seth says in a consoling tone. “This woman has relived her most favorite moment over and over again. She has never had a nightmare, and, even though she has grown old and feeble, she will always remember being young. She will also be reunited with her boyfriend shortly. She’s almost off the radar. Hers is a safe world for you to enter. A dying world.”
“Do I have to wear that dress again?”
Seth’s sparkling blue eyes rove over me playfully. “I would love to see you in it again, or out would be good, too.”
I shove his chest and my fingers stick. “Stop being such a guy.”
He laughs. “I can hardly be a girl.”
“No kidding.” I flip my hand to the side and lay back down. “Whatever, but I want you to get us out of there fast. I don’t want to be there when that lady kicks the bucket. Got it?”
He smiles. “Close your eyes.”



Amelia’s dark lashes flutter against her cheeks before she complies to my demand. My eager heart beats steadily as I anticipate seeing her in the green gown again.
The color is light enough to set off the moss of her eyes. She will be unpredictable, but I’m looking forward to testing just what she is capable of.
I talk to her in soothing tones, describing every minute detail until her breathing steadies and her eyelids dance with the movement of dreams.
I brush my fingers along the line of her hair, inhaling her sultry scent before I make myself leave her. She will be safe, yet I cannot help caving to the zing of my nerves.
I race to my room, barely taking a moment to pat Baltek on the head. Hastily, I call the flames and rush through the barrier into the Dreamscape.
Once through, I find the nearest portal and skip from world to world until I’m there in the penthouse apartment. Normally the room is cast in a sepia tinge, but tonight it is vibrant, alive with activity, alive because Amelia has made it so.
I freeze when I reach the dance floor.
Another man holds Amelia in his arms, twirling her around the room effortlessly.
A hushed grumble erupts from me before I can halt my reaction. I don’t recognize him, but that doesn’t mean anything. He could merely be a fragment of Charlotte’s memory; however, he could be the newest Erobos agent recruited to infiltrate my realm. Not all of them come to us tainted enough to tell. I cannot—will not—take chances with Amelia.
I amble over to the edge of the dance floor, grabbing a glass of sparkling champagne from a passing waiter. I down the drink in one gulp, raising a few perfectly plucked eyebrows. If only the drink could calm my nerves. Unfortunately the Dreamscape is only as tangible as the dreamer’s mind allows.
The Old Hollywood theme has been taken to a new level for this affair. The partiers in question have attempted to capture the allure of the time, but it is only Amelia that does it justice.
She takes my breath, watching her laugh up at the dark-haired stranger. I study his face, his manner, every angle I can to jog some sort of recollection, but there is nothing.
I only allow myself an instant to assess him before I stride toward them to cut in. No man, not even a dream, will take her from me.
The fellow ignores me even though I follow his exaggerated twists and turns. When I finally manage to tap his shoulder, he turns his head and looks at me. He is at least six inches shorter than me, yet still quite a bit taller than his flushing companion. His liquid brown eyes assess me before he turns back to her, not bothering to comment.
Every muscle I have bunches to spring at this imbecile, yet, I make myself stay calm. Amelia eyes me as they swirl away from me, her expression far from the fear I expect. She seems calm enough, only curious. I told her to run from Erobos, but like me, she probably does not feel darkness in this man. I promised myself I wouldn’t delve into her thoughts, but I cannot leave it be at the moment.
When I enter her mind, I slide into a storm racing to nowhere. Thoughts blur together, hardly distinguishable, but I manage to catch a few. Who is this guy? Why is he here? Why is Seth so upset? What should I do? I could stomp on his foot. Tell him you’re thirsty. Tell him to let you go. How did I even end up dancing with him? He is sort of handsome. Who am I kidding; he’s smokin’ hot. Let Seth stew till the song is over.
A low growl erupts from my lips, making a handful of people stare at me. I offer a cordial smile before I bound over to the stranger and waylay him right in the middle of the dance floor. Hisses of concern flit around me, but I take no further heed before I grab Amelia’s hand and haul her with me to the front door.
She stares at me for a few moments before she says, “Was that entirely necessary?”
“Absolutely.”
She huffs, attempting to pull her hand from mine. I give a solid squeeze and tug her shaking digits through the crook of my elbow, which manages to bring her reassuringly closer.
She offers me a frown then says, “Why’s that?”
“You said you wanted an expedited departure. I am merely accommodating you.”
“Ha!” Electricity sizzles between us, and I am tempted to yank her against me for a dance she will never forget. She goes on, not showing a single sign of the charge she creates in me. “Don’t think I missed how you looked at that guy. Who was he, anyway? And why does he keep showing up in my dreams?”
Not waiting for the butler to do it, I grab a coat for Amelia then throw the door open and escort her into the hall. “No idea, and what the hell do you mean? You’ve seen him before?”
She glances over at me, but her gaze travels to the oriental hallway runner, making it hard for me to gauge her reaction. I’ve already violated her privacy once tonight, and I will not do it again. I didn’t exactly enjoy the interaction. Before I can pull her down the stairs or into an elevator, she yanks her arm out of my grasp and careens to a halt. “He warned me that you were coming before you came to get me. It’s why I woke up that night.”
“You never mentioned this before.”
“I didn’t exactly remember what he said until I showed up here, in his arms.”
“You were already dancing when you came live?”
“Yeah. I didn’t exactly get to talk to him, either. You just ruined my chance to ask him who he is.”
“When he warned you about me, what did he tell you?”
“To learn and then to contact him. Is he one of them?”
“I don’t know, Amelia.”
When she attempts to move away from me, shaking her head, I reach for her hand. She pulls back, just out of arm’s length.
“What is this, Seth? And don’t give me that crap about you not knowing him. Something’s going on, and I want to know what!”
A couple comes around the corner laughing, clearly drunk. They pass us, mouths agape, staring the entire way, their laughter long forgotten. Once they get down the hall, the man asks the woman if she thinks he should call the police. She giggles in response.
Taking a deep breath, I give Amelia a pointed stare. “I would not lie to you about this. I do not know who the man is, but I intend to find out. That being said, we must leave. We are running out of time as it is. This world will disintegrate in a few minutes.”
She pales, her green eyes widening. My lie is necessary. The truth is, I don’t know if it is a lie. Charlotte could pass to the next life within moments. There is no way for me to know for sure, and with Amelia’s soft heart, I do not want to expose her to the brutal facts of the Dreamscape, just yet. I planned to bring her in slowly, show her the joys. Now, I don’t know if it’s is possible.
She doesn’t say a word until we have crossed the street. “She’s really dying?”
I pull her to a stop and brush soft strands of hair out of her eyes. “Without life support, her body is too frail to sustain her.”
Her gaze lowers to the snow-covered sidewalk. She shivers, even though the temperature is rather pleasant. “It’s sad to think no one cares about her.”
I lean nearer and touch her cheek. “She never had the chance to form lasting connections with the younger generations in her family. The only thing she has ever been to her niece and nephews is a drain on their inheritance. To them, she is already dead.”
Amelia’s eyes snap to mine. “That’s horrible.”
I shake my head. From her perspective Earth is the only existence that matters. “Do not feel sorry for Charlotte. She will be reunited with those she loves most, instead of living the same moment every day, every hour, every minute. Erobos have not been able to influence her since her accident, and she will leave your world whole. You should be happy for her.”
Swallowing, Amelia nods, wiping an errant tear from her cheek. “Can we just get out of here?”
I pat her hand and say, “Follow me.”







Conflicting emotions still eat at my heart. How can I cry for a woman I’ve never met? I swallow again, hoping to shove the lump in my throat to my toes where it belongs.
I have no idea where Seth is taking me. He’s sure footed, yet he glances over his shoulder every few seconds as if he is worried we’re being followed.
I scan the empty roadway behind us. “Why are you so freaked right now? Is it because of that guy?”
“He’s not helping.”
“Is he one of those things?”
“I don’t think so.”
“Then why are you so worried?”
“One can never be too careful.”
I’m still not sure who that guy is, but he didn’t say anything to me other than I looked beautiful. I smirk at Seth, a little surprised and fascinated by his show of jealousy. “If one ever wants to have fun, one should relax. If he’s not a danger then what’s the problem? Don’t tell me you’re going to be a complete bummer on my first mission.”
“Mission?” he asks with a laugh.
“Isn’t that what this is? Like Nancy Drew or something?”
His tawny brows furrow together, sending an urge to my fingers to smooth the lines from his face. I shove my hands into my coat pockets and pull my arms tight around me. It’s not that it’s cold, exactly. It’s just—it should be. There’s snow everywhere, littering the tops of the trash bins and cars parked along the street.
It’s eerily quiet for a city that is never supposed to sleep, or is that Vegas? Suddenly curious, I ask, “I thought you said this was supposed to be the nineteen sixties. Why is it deserted?”
“The framework for the entire city is in Charlotte’s memory; however, beyond her apartment no one else exists in this world.”
Dread slices along my body. “Why is that so creepy?”
“It is perfectly safe.”
“Then why do I feel like we’re being watched right now?”
Seth stops and clutches my shoulders between his hands. His concerned eyes eat up my face in an instant. “What do you mean, exactly?”
“The hairs on the back of my neck are standing straight up, and there’s an empty feeling spreading through my gut. I’m almost nauseous.”
Seth’s eyes widen minutely, but he might as well have screamed RUN.
Lightning races through my veins while my breath tightens into spastic puffs. All I can think about is getting the heck out of here. Something unnatural is after us. Something really bad.
A keening wail rends the air, followed by low thumps that shake the ground. Seth picks me up, zooming away from some unknown that I would rather never see.
Even still, I look behind us.
A monstrous beast, black with an elongated snout and jagged teeth, races toward us, its beady black eyes trained on us. I’ve never seen anything like it. It’s got spindly legs like a horse, but it has claws, not hooves. The horrible part is the thing is three times as big as any horse could be. The onyx hide glints with either sweat or beaded snowflakes, like it’s made of rubber or something else, maybe tar? It might as well be sewage from the pungent smell.
A long, forked tongue slithers out of its mouth before it makes that horrendous sound again. I cover my ears, but I can’t look away from it.
It’s a living, breathing nightmare that is gaining ground on us.
“Whatever you’re gonna do, you’d better get at it!” I scream. “That thing is right on our tail and getting closer!”
Seth puffs out between breaths, “Not helping, Amelia.”
I’m tempted to jump out of his arms to hoof it myself, but he’s still faster than I am. “What can I do?” I hiss at him.
“Stop distracting me. We’re almost to the portal.”
Sill listening for the thing behind us, I glance ahead. I don’t see any stinking portal. There’s nothing but buildings…forever. Seth has us headed directly for a plate-glass window of some oversized department store. I’m not exactly dressed for looting or, um, to crash through a freaking glass window.
The creature makes another ear-slitting wail that chills my insides. The overgrown lizard is no more than ten feet away from us. I gasp, which seems to prod Seth into running just a bit faster.
The air sizzles with my fear. It’s going to get me. It’s going to eat me.
My eyes widen in panic while my heart lurches to my throat. That pink, dripping tongue lashes out. On instinct, I pull my arm that is around Seth’s neck away from the thing, but it lassos me anyway, shredding through my jacket as if it’s made of water. Where it touches me, my skin erupts in agonizing pain. I scream, grappling to wrench it off me, but my hand burns like I’m grabbing acid.
Seth whirls us toward the monster and thrusts out the hand that supports my back in front of us. The creature skids to a stop, but it’s so close its rancid breath cankers my nose.
To keep myself from falling, I cling to him with my good arm. He whispers some words I don’t understand and the beast rears back, unleashing me from its tether.
Seth’s eyes narrow at the thing before his hand lights up. The strange, orange glow reminds me of the flames of his fire wall.
The creature snorts then howls, lifting its head to the sky and stamping its front legs. Now that I’ve gotten a good look at it, I still have no idea what it is. All I know is that blisters have erupted all along my arm where it lassoed me with its disgusting tongue. The hand I used to get it off me isn’t in much better shape.
Trying not to be a wimp, I grit my teeth against the growing pain.
Seth says something again and his hand brightens more. The creature kicks its rear legs against a parked car, sending it crashing down the road before it sprints away.
“What did you just do?” I ask him.
“Sent him back to the dreamer that conjured him,” he says.
“Why didn’t you just do that to begin with?”
“I didn’t want to alert the Erobos to our presence. They will know I interfered.” Eyeing me every step of the way, Seth retreats toward the large window behind us. Instead of being stopped by the glass, when he presses his back against it, we’re wrenched through the window.
My head spins, which gives me a momentary break from the pain, but just as abruptly we’re dumped into open air that whips my hair out of its pins as we plummet toward the ground.
Clutching tighter to him, I yell, “Where the hell did you take me, Seth? Or is this Hell?”
He laughs as I tuck my face into his neck, groaning against the nausea, trying to escape the vertigo, not able to look at the patchwork brown-and green-covered earth that rushes toward us.
“Hold on to me,” Seth demands.
No problem there. I thought I already was. I mold myself to him, lifting my legs around his waist and pinning myself to his torso.
He ruffles his jacket behind us and it morphs into a parachute. We snap against the harness when the wind catches. I’m barely able to hang on.
“Thanks for the warning,” I grumble.
He smiles. “I told you to hold on.”
My arm throbs more with every minute that passes. I shift my hand so it’s not touching his neck anymore because it hurts too bad to keep it there. We take forever to land, and I’m painfully aware of the hard lines of Seth’s body pressed so close. If possible, he presses me even closer, then inhales a long breath.
“I’m sorry, Amelia. You must be in terrible pain. I’ll send you back as soon as we touch down.”
“No way,” I tell him.
He licks his lips and grits his teeth before he says, “You’re injured.”
I make myself look away from his distracting lips. “I’m not going back without you.” For a fleeting moment, I worry he won’t be safe without me. It’s a stupid thought, so I shove it away. Seth’s been dealing with this place forever. Nothing I do is going to change his experience.
“I’m not arguing with you.”
“Good,” I say, shifting against him. “It’s settled then.”
He stiffens, tightening his grip on me. “It is not settled. You will be no good to me until you are healed.”
“Then heal me. If you can turn a jacket into a parachute, you should be able to manage my wounds.”
He shakes his head. “I brought you out too soon. This was a bad idea that can only get worse.”
“Thanks for the pep talk.”
“Be reasonable.”
“Why should I be? Nothing else here is.”
He doesn’t say another word until we make it to the ground. Whispering curses the entire way, he glides us in for a relatively soft landing, which I am very grateful for.
The minute I can, I unwrap myself from around him and take a step away. When he pulls on the parachute, it morphs into a coal-black suit jacket, once again.
Even though I want to make it clear to him I’m not leaving, it takes a few seconds for my brain to stop spinning. I bend over and grasp my knees, hoping it will help me steady my breath. When I’m finally coherent, I ask, “What was that thing?”
Seth gives a minor shrug. “A nightmare.”
I frown, adjusting my ponytail. “Seriously? Poor Charlotte. Hasn’t the girl gone through enough?”
He inches closer to me, as if he will tell me a secret, but I’m not prepared for what he says. “It wasn’t Charlotte’s nightmare.”
I nod, skeptical eating up my face. “Whose nightmare was it then?”



I shove my hands in my pockets and stare at Amelia. “That, I don’t know. I’ve been attempting to find out who the Erobos are using, but my efforts have been thwarted on every single venture.”
“What do you mean?” Amelia asks, eyeing my every movement.
“Nightmares are not what you think.”
She cocks a hip. “Okay, so what are they.”
“The Erobos use humans to infiltrate dreams, just as Onieroi. However, we have fewer recruits, which puts us at a marked disadvantage.”
“No kidding,” she says with a sharp twist to her lips.
I ignore her posturing. “Nightmares, in essence, are malicious manipulations used to derail the dreams we send. It used to be we would control nightmares or vanquish them, but the Erobos have become great teachers in evasion tactics.”
When I catch a glimpse of her hand, blistered and damaged, I cringe. Her questions have distracted me from my task.
Moving beside her, I gently grasp her arm above the last coiling line of blisters and rip the sleeve at the seam. When the fabric floats to the ground, I have a full view of the horrible damage. She has to be in agony, but she is facing me without giving a glimpse of her emotions.
Her wounds are disturbing in numerous ways, not the least of which the bubbling pustules that coil around her arm like a viper. Her body should not react to the venom meant for me.
She is more present than I thought possible on her first venture into the Dreamscape. She’s vulnerable, but so, so brave.
When my fingers hover over the damage, she bites her lip and flinches before I have a chance to touch her. I glance at her and our eyes connect. Not taking my gaze away from hers, I raise her arm near my lips and blow.
The injury withers away into the nothing it should have been. I take another breath and she closes her eyes, her breathing erratic now. I smile, letting my lips brush her skin along the path of blisters.
She gives a tiny gasp when I pull one damaged finger into my mouth. That little sound sends a rigid slice of pleasure through me.
She snatches her hand away before I can complete my task. Smiling, I stand up and give her a questioning look.
Her breathing still hasn’t recovered, and I have no intention of letting her calm down, just yet.
When I move to claim her mouth, she struggles in my arms for the briefest of moments until she yields under my touch, allowing me to devour her essence. I take every ounce of her I can get. She intoxicates me.
I pull her closer, savoring the taste of her, savoring the soft contours of her body that I would love to explore more fully. She could never be anything other than new to me.
Boisterous laughter from behind us interrupts any further interaction with Amelia. I release her and glare at the intruder.
My voice comes out strained, but not as malicious as I intend. “What are you doing here?”
Amelia stiffens in my arms, turning her head just enough to get a glimpse of the prat I deal with on a daily basis.
“You’re late,” barks my brother. He makes a show of eyeing Amelia, surely to infuriate me. The worst part is it’s working. He gives a slow smile. “Who’s this?”
He shouldn’t be asking such a question. He should be jabbing me about taking my pleasure with fantasy women. He shouldn’t be able to tell Amelia is anything different than an illusion, but in all the excitement, I haven’t shown her how to dampen her life force.
She twists in my arms. “You first,” she says, giving him a hard stare, making me brim with pride.
Ian narrows his eyes as they eat up her frame. I want nothing more than to pummel his face for even looking at her, but I keep myself where I am.
“I’m anyone you want me to be, honey,” says my not-so-subtle sibling.
Amelia shifts out of my arms, rolling her eyes at Ian while picking imaginary lint off what’s left of her jacket. “Someone should really teach you guys about suave because what you’ve got is nothing but amateur.”
A sharp round of laughter rushes out of me. “I’d say that sums him up.”
“Shut up,” says Ian. He turns to Amelia again and smiles. “I’m his brother, and you have created quite a problem for me.”
“I haven’t done anything for you,” says Amelia, staring at him, her lips turning in a frown. “I’ve had no hand in what’s happened the last little while, so don’t go laying something on me that is so not my fault.”
Ian holds up his hands. “Whoa, hold on there, girlie. Suave may not be my thing, but you need a lesson in chill.”
“Oh, I’ll chill once I know you’re not a threat.”
He shifts his legs wider and puffs out his chest. “What if I am a threat?”
Amelia alters her stance, just like I taught her. She’s ready for anything, or so she thinks. Ian—although my brother—is not one to fool with in his current situation. He’s gone longer than I have between recruits. Oneiroi are better equipped to handle the Dreamscape and the Erobos when we have a Sibylline to diffuse the darkness, yet having a recruit we don’t convert can leave us vulnerable. Ian was a mess after he let the last one go, even though they fought constantly.
Not to be intimidated, Amelia licks her lips. “Bring it, stud.”
I step in front of her. Ian will level her and take pleasure in the act, woman or no. When I glare at him, he glares back. “I was on my way,” I tell him. “We got sidetracked.”
“Since when do you let some chit distract you?”
Amelia pokes her head around my shoulder. “Hey, I’m no chit. I have no idea what that even means, but I’m not it.”
Ian laughs. “Really? Seems you’ve gotten yourself in plenty of trouble for only being a shadow, and you, miss, are most definitely a chit.”
“Whatever you say, douchebag. I’m only here for the ride.”
Ian stutters, “Do-Douchebag?” A rouge tinge creeps into his face. “No one calls me a douchebag and lives to say another word.”
Amelia laughs, cocking her head and flipping him off—with both hands.
Oh, bother.
When Ian lunges, I grab him in a bear hug. “Go back to headquarters. I’ll be along shortly.”
“What about our meeting? We have things to discuss, and you’ve just loaded us with a major problem.”
“Later,” I tell him. “Go.”
He stiffens, no doubt attempting to assess a way out of my hold. To my surprise, he leans into me, leering at Amelia over my shoulder.
“I have a long memory, chit. Just you wait.”
“You will leave!” I tell him.
“Yeah, sure, brother. Zed will be furious. We don’t have time for distractions. You should have warned us you’d picked up a warm body.”
I had hoped to drop Amelia at my office before I met up with him. “I will be there shortly!” I tell him. “I will deal with Zed. You cannot help me here.”
He storms away, looking back with acid in his stare before he shifts into a crane, soaring into the distance in a matter of moments.
A relieved sigh bubbles out of me. I had hoped to keep Ian from meeting Amelia for a few days. A few centuries would be preferable. Now, I will have to rethink my strategy.
When I face Amelia, she’s staring into the distance, a worried veil over her eyes as she tracks Ian’s departure. She should be worried. Ian is this close to converting to Erobos. He doesn’t need her to help him along the way. I will have to be careful. I will have to make sure Amelia and he do not meet up again anytime soon.



What the hell? That guy has the temper of an erupting volcano. A deep frown pulls on my mouth. I may have made a mistake. I thought he’d banter with me. He seemed like he was playing, having some fun. I was trying to feel him out, not incite him into wanting to kill me, but he kept pushing my rather faulty buttons. His type is usually all talk. Bravado, piss, and wind. Unfortunately, he’s no poser.
That has to be a record. Usually, it takes at least a half hour to get someone I’ve just met close to strangling me.
I’m normally pretty good at reading people, but that guy was not people. He was something else, which makes me more aware that the man standing in front of me is also something else. He’s not human.
How has it taken me so long to recognize that for what it is, to understand what the differences could mean for me? Does Seth have the potential to be volatile like his brother? I eye him up and down, not pretending at all. He needs to know I’m assessing him. He needs to know I’m wary.
Seth reaches out to me. “Come, I’ll take you back to your world.”
It takes me a second to process what he said. I lock my knees and fold my arms. “I don’t want to go.” I glance around the nondescript field we landed in, trying to take in as much as I can. The dewy grass licks at my knees through my dress. “I thought you were going to show me around.”
He shakes his head mournfully. “That was before you antagonized my brother.”
“I did no such thing. He’s a beast. Didn’t your mother ever teach him how to behave?”
Seth cocks his head to the side, shaking it in a scold. “I never said I had a mother, Amelia.”
“Everybody has a mother. It’s how the world works.”
He lifts a quizzical brow. “Your world.”
I flip my hair out of my face, pulling out more of the pins that are digging ruts into my scalp. One by one, I toss them onto the grass. Seth watches my every move as if I’m a mechanical doll he’s trying to figure out.
He wants me to believe he just poofed into existence? Not likely, but the truth is I have no idea how he came to be. I guess everything has to be created.
Unfortunately, I don’t have time for chicken versus egg postulating. A choke comes out of me as my imagination glitches an image into my head. What if Seth hatched from an egg? Even if he did, he’d still have a mother. Stifling a giggle, I give myself an inward shake and focus. I have to convince Seth to let me stick around.
If I agree to go back to my dream world or whatever, who knows how long it will be until I get out again. To stay, I have to make myself useful.
“Okay,” I say, and he raises his other brow. He’s so on to me. Maybe I could use a few lessons in suave too. I raise my brows back at him. “I thought you had a job for me. If you take me back now, how’s that going to happen?”
He growls and shoves his fists into his hair, tilting his head to the darkening sky. “Why couldn’t you just be silent? Ian is a threat to you now. Do you understand that?”
I frown. “He made it pretty clear.”
“Not clear enough, apparently.”
“What’s he going to do? Like you said, my body is safely tucked away in your realm. He can’t do any real damage, no matter how much he tries.” My skin still burns from that nightmare’s icky lick, but I’m not telling him that. When I wake up, this will all have been a dream.
Seth inches closer, until his chest blocks everything else from view. I crane my neck to look up at him. Jeez, he’s tall; I will not let him intimidate me.
Instead of yelling at me more, like I expect, he glides his arms around my neck, pressing my face into his chest. “I couldn’t stand it if anything ever happened to you, especially if harm came to you by my brother’s hand.”
“I’ll be fine,” I tell him, giving him a good squeeze around his waist. I linger a little too long, but I can’t seem to stop myself from touching him. After a moment, I make myself move away. “Have a little faith, will you? With you on my side, what could possibly happen?” Somewhere inside this strange man is the guy I fell in love with—a friend and lover that would do anything for me. The thought comforts me. I just wish I remembered agreeing to come here. I sort of hoped I would remember when I came into the Dreamscape, but it’s as if those memories are locked tight inside me.
Seth groans, and I bite back the disturbing thoughts that answer my question. If I’m going to ever gain my freedom, I have to help Seth first. He’s just as trapped as I am, more so. I don’t want that for him. He’s a good person…so why was he cursed…how did it happen?
A realization makes my knees watery. Somewhere along the way, I’ve become attached to him. I care about what happens to him. Even if I could escape now, how could I leave him to the horrible solitude of his realm?
Another realization slams me in the head. I’d miss him.
How did that happen?
I take a deep breath to steady myself, but the only thing I manage to do is sway from the smell of him. He has the same effect on me as sniffing gasoline. I’ve got to snap myself together.
His hand trails down my back, under my jacket, and back up to my hip. His warm fingers lap at the exposed flesh of my back. Fire explodes in my belly. I need to keep a safe distance from him, but is there such a thing? Why did I have to cave like this? I want nothing more than to erect a barrier between us again, but it’d just be made of noodles—transparent ones at that.
Seth laughs. I tip my head back and eye his smirking mouth. Unease slithers inside me as I look around for the source of that chuckle—soft as it was, it was still there.
I push his chest to get away from him. “You have superpowers I don’t know about? Were you reading my mind?”
He shrugs, but there’s a twisted light behind those blue eyes.
I slam his chest again. “What kind of messed-up world is this?”
His fingers capture my hands, his smile melting into serious. “I’ve tried not to violate your privacy, but sometimes your thoughts are harder to stop than a screaming locomotive.”
Gritting my teeth, I let my eyelids flutter closed. What else don’t I know about him?
“I’m no different than any other man. I have both negative and positive qualities.”
“This is just so weird, Seth. How am I ever going to learn everything? It’s too much.”
“So is the thought of conquering the Erobos as a whole, but one by one they will fall. You shall learn one thing at a time until you are an expert at slaying the darkness.”
I smirk at him. “I thought you said you were the darkness.”



I give a little laugh, remembering the moment I had Amelia in my arms for the first time. “I was overcome by you. I got a tad carried away.”
She throws back her head and laughs. “A tad?”
A broad smile covers my mouth. I can’t help but stare at her. Every movement is a testament to symmetry. She inflames me. She is my everything.
I’m tempted to pull her into my arms again and kiss her until she is really senseless, like I used to do in her dream world. She’d been easy to intoxicate back then, and I wonder if I still have the ability.
Inconvenient that I have to work right now. If Amelia wishes to stick around, I’ll let her. I had planned on introducing her to my team, and it is imperative I do so, Ian or no Ian in the way.
With my mind made up, I say, “I’d like to show you something.”
She gives me a curious glance. “What is it?”
“Headquarters.”
She laughs. “Sounds official.”
“It’s where all the magic happens.”
Her thoughts stray to the bedroom, which doesn’t help matters. Someday, hopefully soon, I will approach her with another offer, but she has to understand what she will be giving up if she agrees to be my mate.
I long to make her truly mine. I long to bind her to me for eternity.
I once thought another woman would fill that spot, but she is nothing more than a blip from my past. Occasionally, I wonder if she ever truly existed. From time to time I’ll recall a memory, but it has been too long to feel real anymore.
With a sigh, I shove thoughts of her deep. I would rather not remember Rhea. She betrayed me, and if she still exists in this universe I will find her eventually. When I do, I will kill her. She is the cause of the plague I face every day. I will never forget what she did, and I will never forgive.
I set out for the next portal, not waiting for Amelia to follow. She must learn to navigate the Dreamscape herself and the first step in her learning how to manage it is for me to let her discover on her own.
She falls in line beside me, lifting my sullen mood a fraction when I see the light in her eyes. I nod toward the forest in front of us. “We’re headed for another portal and you need to learn to detect them.”
She doesn’t hesitate with her answer. “Give me the deets.”
I make a face at her slang, knowing it will take a long time to keep up with her, but go on. “Erobos also have portals within each world in the Dreamscape. You must learn to distinguish between the two. Our portals are protected against their infiltration through a spell cast by each of my remaining brothers and myself. We have changed the gates to only allow Oneiroi energy.”
A visible shudder falls over Amelia. “Are you saying I have Oneiroi energy?”
“Yes, you and I are tied.”
“Hmm,” she says, her focus sharpening onto my face. “What would happen if I went through one of theirs by mistake?”
It’s a good question, and I hate that she even has to ask it. “They have used portals to trap their prey in the past. You would be in grievous danger. I can’t stress enough to you how much danger you would be in.”
She nods. “I think I have an inkling, so no going through Erobos portals. Not that I would ever want to, but how can I tell the difference?”
“At first, you will have to pay attention to where we go. If you and I get separated within a mission you will have to look for the markers.”
“Which are?”
“Each portal has five qualities. Number one is opacity. The portal must be a reflective surface. This could be a mirror, pool, metal, even stone—in some instances.”
“Window,” Amelia cuts in. “I get it. It has to be shiny. What else?”
“It will have conductive properties.”
“Doesn’t glass insulate?”
“Depends, but glass conducts thermal energy.”
“Okay, what else?”
“It will be warm to the touch, even in low-temperature situations.”
“Wait, I haven’t felt hot or cold in this world or the last one.”
“What about your dream world?”
“I don’t really remember.”
“Next time we’re there try to pull the memory with you into your conscious state. The portal will also emit a low tone, like a humming sound that only Oneiroi can hear.”
“And the last thing?”
“It will stand out, but will not necessarily be large. It could be as small as…” I reach out and pull a dangling pin out of her hair and hold it out to her.
“A hairpin?” she asks, eyeing me as though I’ve lost my wits.
“Not just a hairpin. It would be extraordinary, something that draws your attention, even if you’re surrounded by people, especially so.”
“Right,” she says. “It should sing to me, is that it?”
“More or less. We are approaching the spot. Let’s see how developed your senses are.”
She twists a smile at me, walking ahead a few paces, her gaze shifting from place to place. Pride swells inside me.
I have chosen well.







I have no freaking clue what I’m doing, but Seth doesn’t need to know that. Clearing my mind of thoughts that include him is about as realistic as a priest forgetting to mention Jesus in a sermon. Taking a deep breath I press forward, searching for the easiest of the properties Seth mentioned. Something shiny should stick out among the deep green and shadows of the forest…unless the shadows affect the portal. There’s still so much I don’t know.
Maybe I should concentrate on that humming he mentioned, instead of the obvious. The breeze blows softly, melding with the symphony of a creek somewhere.
Could it be the water? He did say pool.
I track the sound, stopping every so often to make sure I’m still headed in the right direction. It’s strange because I can’t quite place where it’s coming from.
A hedge of trees and shrubs blocks my path, but I have to get around them or, maybe, under them to follow the sound. Seth is much bigger than I am. I should be concerned about him being able to fit in the spaces I squeeze through, but it’s his problem. I’m on a mission.
I lower to my belly and army crawl through the bramble. The menagerie of sticks littering the ground seems intent on skewering me, so I duck my chin to lead with the top of my head toward the light in the distance. Better a cut on the scalp than a gouged-out eyeball.
When I emerge, I give a glance over my shoulder to see how Seth is faring. He grunts, untangling his pocket from an exceptionally lodged twig. I laugh, leaning down to help him. His shirt has risen up his torso, exposing the thick bands of muscles that line either side of his spine. When my fingers brush his skin, he stills, looking up at me with his eyes glowing intensity.
My belly flutters spastically, and I look away. I swallow hard, making myself study our new surroundings instead of thinking about the warmth of his skin, or how surprisingly silky it is.
We’re at the edge of a cliff that plummets into a gaping ravine. It’s got to be more than a hundred feet from base to top. The water must be down there, but how the heck are we supposed to descend a rock face without harnesses and rope? I’ve always wanted to try climbing, but we never really had the funds, and to be honest the heights involved have been more of a deterrent than money ever could be.
I remind myself that this is a dream. My body is safely tucked away in Seth’s palace, so what have I got to lose?
When I turn to ask Seth about gear, he’s right behind me. I gasp, taking a step back, but he catches me before I can fall to my…I chuckle…death.
He gives me a broad smile, stepping back to right me. I had no idea I’d gotten that close to the edge. This place has thrown off my senses. It’s as though a filter has been deposited in my brain that takes out my normal fear reactions, unless I’m specifically thinking about something that should bother me.
“Thanks,” I tell Seth. He gives me a token nod then looks into the ravine. I stand beside him and follow his gaze. “Have any ideas how we can get down?”
He speaks softly, as if to not drown out the noise of the river below us, or is it something else? “Are you sure that’s where you want to go?”
I frown. “Is there a reason I shouldn’t?”
He doesn’t give me a single clue as to what he’s thinking, nor does he answer me right away. I stare at him, waiting, while he continues to scan the ravine.
“So, I’m wrong?” I ask, a little deflated because I thought I was on to something.
He leans back and eyes me. “I didn’t say that.”
Giving him a good eye roll would feel really great about now, but I’m worried that I’ve made a mistake and I don’t want to eat crow later. I also don’t want to encounter another one of his brothers, or one of those nightmare thingies.
Seth’s expression is completely unreadable, except for the tiny bit of laughter crinkling the edges of his gorgeous blue eyes.
I’m supposed to figure this out on my own, and I’m supposed to follow my instincts. The worst thing that could happen—no, I’m not going there. There’s no use in worrying over something that hasn’t happened. Keeping on task is harder than it should be. I take a deep breath and look for hand holds and crevices that might have the chance of supporting my weight.
Not seeing anything where I’m standing, I trek the ledge, attempting to locate something suitable. About twenty feet in front of me there’s a bend in the ravine. I follow the edge, only to discover a passable option a few feet from where I just stood.
I lower myself over the edge, checking my footing and holding on to a largish rock, hoping it’s not going to give under my weight. It’s slow going as I find my way into the ravine. When I look up, Seth has followed me, taking my exact course. I let myself smirk for a moment before I get back into it.
The minute I’m on solid ground, I do a victory dance. Seth jumps the last few feet to the spot beside me. For a second, I think he’s going to hug me, but he takes a gander behind me, his expression darkening.
Before I can gloat any further, a low growl reverberates off the cliff face. Seriously? I’m too pissed to be scared. Giving a growl of my own, I face the unknown demon that has picked this moment to intrude on my training.
I nearly laugh when I see the bobcat in front of me. It’s maybe a hair bigger than a house cat. What I expected, by the volume of the growl, was a lion, if not a dragon. The thing stares at me as if it is the latter, waiting to char me where I stand.
“Go away,” I tell it.
Seth’s arms come around me, and he whispers, “Don’t make another sound.”
I look over my shoulder, giving him a onceover to see if he’s teasing me. If his pale complexion is any indication, I’d say he’s serious enough. “What’s the matter?” I whisper back.
“When I count to three, run.”
“Don’t be ridiculous. I’m not afraid of a little—”
The roar is bigger this time, as if the thing behind me has tripled in size, which, when I glance at it, it has. My eyes bulge as it grows larger with every sound I make. Next time I will listen to Seth…if he ever lets me back in this weird place again.
Seth pushes me behind him. I sprawl out like a drunken mime then run. He doesn’t have to tell me again. I’m curious though, so I glance over my shoulder. Instead of seeing my knight in shining armor battling my dragon, he’s petting it under its gigantic chin. He’s even smiling.
I cock my jaw, take a deep breath, then make my way back to him. The lion-thing watches me while I watch it.
“What’s the deal,” I say, and it growls at me again. I scowl at the thing, sending it a frosty glare. Its gaze sweeps over me before it is again enthralled with Seth. To be fair, I wouldn’t mind if he pet my tummy too.
Seth shushes me, and I take the hint. The cat stares at me for a few more boring minutes until it seems to determine I’m not a threat and closes its eyes. I’m halfway to Seth when it pins me with another dark stare.
What is its problem? I haven’t done anything to it. Thinking maybe it will get used to me like Baltek did, I inch closer. Seth shakes his head at me, but he doesn’t speak.
So this thing reacts to sound. My mind takes off with speculation, but the most likely possibility is this creature is here to guard the portal. It makes sense, maybe. I want to ask Seth, but I don’t want to upset the super-kitty any more than I already have.
I turn my attention to the sound I was searching for in the first place and that’s when I realize that low hum is coming from the cat.
I watch Seth’s hands glide along tawny fur, scanning for something shiny. The only thing that could pass for shiny on that thing is its eyes. The teeth are caked with yellow grime. It’s bound to have horrid halitosis.
I take a deep breath and hold it, just in case, stepping closer. Sunlight glints off something around the creature’s neck. The low hum has gotten louder too. I grab Seth’s hand then lunge for the object hanging around its neck.
My fingers slide over the warm orb, and I smile right before my stomach summersaults into my throat. This portal travel really sucks.



Not only did Amelia find the portal, she was smart enough to figure out the trigger. If she’d continued to speak, we’d have been in serious trouble. I was ready to morph to protect her, but I will have to speak to her more about the dangers of the Dreamscape.
Amelia’s fingers curl tighter around my hand, and I give her what I hope is a comforting squeeze. It will take her a while to get used to the pull of portal travel.
The next world should be easier to traverse. Since she figured out the previous portal so quickly, there is a strong possibility that we will make our meeting on time.
Hopefully, my team has started without us. When the vortex closes behind us, I pull Amelia against me to steady her; at least, that’s what I tell myself. Her breath hitches, and I smile.
Amelia’s green eyes clamp shut for a moment before she scans our surroundings. Her voice comes out raspy. “Seriously?” Her eyes close again as she shakes her head.
“This world is not as it appears.” I take her hand and squeeze. “Trust me.”
She peeks up at me through her lashes then, as if fighting the movement, she glances at the smoking volcano in the distance. “If that thing blows, I’m never going to forgive you. I made Justine move because Rainier freaked me out so badly.”
“Stop being such a baby.”
“Baby?” Her eyes narrow dangerously. “First your brother calls me a chit, now I’m a baby?”
My mouth stretches into a full, satisfying smile. “This is the most stable world within the Dreamscape. The dreamer comes here every night, without fail. Nothing ever happens. All he ever does is stare into the void of the mountain.”
She cocks her head to the side. “For how long?”
“Fifteen years. He came here the day his son was born.”
“And you don’t know why?”
I shrug. “At first, I thought the landscape a representation of his life, or at the very minimum, his thoughts. I’ve attempted to send him dreams, but he will not accept them. This is a place of his choosing. He has a very strong mind.”
“Doesn’t feel right. You should fix that portal. Send it somewhere else.”
She’s overreacting, but I will humor her. I give her a wink. “I’ll think about it.”
Rolling her eyes, she says, “What kind of mind wants to come to the same place every night for fifteen years to stare into a boiling volcano?”
“Someone who wants consistency.”
A beguiling smirk covers her mouth. “Sounds more like a control freak to me, maybe even a psycho.” She glances around the otherwise barren landscape. Everything is dead, from the grass to the trees. The only life in the place is the volcano itself. The man, although present, seems almost suspended in time. He sits on the edge of the rim, dangling his feet as if a crystal blue pool rests below him instead of a bubbling melting pot of earthen minerals. After a moment of silence, Amelia shivers. Her voice is a whisper. “Let’s get out of here.”
I nod. “You do not wish to test your abilities at this time?”
She cringes. “I’d rather let a rabid duck pluck out my eyelashes.”
Laughter burst out of me in a gust. “I don’t think I’ve ever seen a rabid duck.”
She shrugs. “You should avoid wetlands then.” Glancing at the volcano again, she wraps her arms around her stomach. “Can we go now?”
I follow her gaze up the steep grade. Perhaps Amelia is right. Perhaps this man is simply waiting for the right time to unleash a hellish storm on his fragile world. He has never been anything other than a blip in my reality, but no longer. Even though I have never encountered Erobos in his world, I must study him when Amelia is safely tucked away in my domain. I will not put her at risk to feed my curiosity.
The portal is right around the corner anyway. She would have sensed it immediately if it weren’t for her fear.
When I place my arm around her shoulders, she leans against me. We walk in silence until we are directly over the portal.
She stares at me as if she will ask a question just before her gaze shifts to our feet, where a thin strip of gold flows along the crusty surface. Her mouth forms an O, that doesn’t quite make it out before we shift with the current.
She holds on tight, her arms banding around my chest. I’ll take whatever contact with her I can get; however, I will not let doubt wiggle into her mind.
“You are safe,” I tell her.
She releases a sigh and nods. All I want to do is protect her, to keep her at my side, to shelter her from the dangers my world offers. In reality, no amount of sheltering her will keep her from experiencing danger. I gave up the reality of protecting her the moment I brought her into my realm. I smooth my hand over her hair, pulling her tighter against me as we float inside the portal.
She doesn’t even flinch when I place a kiss against the top of her head. If only I had time to truly savor her. If only I had time to truly train her. Unfortunately, time is the one thing that presses on, no matter how much I fight against it.
I must contact my team. We have work to do. Besides, oft times the best training comes from real world experience.



Seth must be angry with me. He wouldn’t even let me try to find another portal.
It’s probably just as well. My mind really isn’t in it.
I’m still stuck on that guy who sits on the edge of an active volcano. So many scenarios have coursed through my mind, I’ve lost track of most of them.
Seth seems to think that guy is harmless, but I can’t come to the same conclusion. If the Dreamscape is supposed to be a reflection of the dreamer’s mind or even his reality, I’d say we are dealing with at best a psychopath, and at worst, maybe this guy is waiting for an exact moment to erupt his volcano like a terrorist wearing a vest of doom. The idea that the man is somehow directing everything that happens in his world should be absurd, but I sensed his control. It was almost as if he was the cork stopping the lava.
I need to speak to Seth about my thoughts, but he’s been so distracted since we left that desolate place. Maybe he’s more freaked than he has let on, or maybe he has other things on his mind? It doesn’t really matter because I’m not going to forget about that guy anytime soon.
Seth chose me for a reason. He told me I was clairvoyant, so he shouldn’t have any problem taking my ideas seriously, but I’m still hesitant to let on just how much the dreamer bothered me.
I got the distinct impression we were on the clock in that realm. A shudder ripples through me, followed by a foreboding pit in my gut that I can’t dislodge. Is there a threat out there Seth hasn’t considered?
“This is the last one,” he says, taking me in his arms again.
It’s weird how fast I’ve gotten used to his touch. I keep telling myself that he affects me so strongly because he was Jason, but in the four years he came to me, when I woke up, I always knew Jason was a dream. Seth is real.
I already warned him about me and people, but he hasn’t backed off, yet. It’s only a matter of time before he bails. Everyone does. I haven’t quite been able to pin down a pattern, but it happens. I don’t want to let myself believe he’s the exception.
His words are pretty. Too bad pretty words won’t keep him from seeing whatever drives people away from me. I’ve tried all kinds of things to keep friends. I’ve been the nice girl that remembers every holiday and any event that should be important. I’ve been the drifter that doesn’t care about anyone or anything. I’ve also been everything in between, and it never matters. People don’t get me, and I don’t get them. Plain and simple.
Maybe Seth isn’t people? Maybe he’ll see the real me and like me? I give an inward shake of my head at the sappy turn of my thoughts. Not too long ago, I was aching to get away from Seth. Now, I’m not so eager to leave.
The minute my equilibrium takes hold, I step away from him. He gives me a deep frown, but I pretend not to notice.
I glance around the crowded street, trying to figure out where he’s going to take me. This is supposed to be the world with his hideout or headquarters or whatever he called it. He’s supposed to have a team of some kind I’m going to meet.
A blanket of butterflies coats my stomach. More people I have to deal with. I’m still trying to figure out if these people are real or just made up. Real kind of has a different meaning in this place, from what I can tell.
Seth leads me to a high-rise that keeps going no matter how far I tip my head back. The thing is made of glass and steel with crisp lines and a glittering exterior that reflects the rolling clouds and translucent blue sky.
A doorman rushes out of the gigantic entrance, holding the left side open for us to enter. I give him a cordial smile as I pass, but he keeps his gaze forward and his heels locked together. He doesn’t even flinch when the wind blows his light brown hair into his eyes.
I glance over my shoulder to see just how long he’ll keep the stick up his rear, but looks like it’s there for good.
Seth leads me through the foyer to a set of elevators. Since there’s nowhere to go but up, I press the call button then give him a smile.
He’s all business, offering a lifted brow and a nod when the elevator dings. I shake my head at him and follow him into the metal box.
The metallic side panels distort my face and make my body stretch and bend. I chuckle at my fun-house reflection. Seth’s stare calls my attention, so I look up at him.
Tiny crinkles narrow the edges of his blue eyes. Either he thinks I’m going to mess up or he’s nearsighted and can’t quite see me. Yeah, that’s it for sure.
“What’s wrong?” I ask him when he doesn’t say anything. The elevator hisses as we rise toward an unknown height. What is it with this guy and heights?
His Adam’s apple bobs when he swallows. “I’ve been selfish, Amelia. You should not be here. It is too dangerous. You are not ready.”
I send a soft punch to his bicep. “Thanks for the pep talk, coach. No more talk of taking me back to your prison. I know the risks. I’ve seen the Erobos. Not too excited to meet up with them again, but we’ve got work to do, right?” My heart accelerates at the thought of seeing Daegan again. He was creepy on a whole new level, yet I’d rather face him than go back to Seth’s realm, even though, technically, my body is stuck in that weird red room of his.
Before Seth can do more than nod, I go on, “In case you missed it, I’m a big girl. I can take care of myself. I’ve been doing it since I was twelve. I don’t need you hovering over me if you have other stuff to do. Just point me in the right direction and give me the goods. I need to have something to do—something to take my mind off being trapped.”
He flinches. “I should have never brought you into this. You have no way of knowing just how far out of your element you are.”
“Words mean nothing. You said I’d be protected because my body is in your realm. What does it matter if the Erobos know about me? Yeah, I can feel pain here. I get that you thought I wouldn’t be able to be hurt, but so what. I’ve been hurt before, and I lived. I’ve been in fights that left me nearly broken, so stop worrying so much and get to the good stuff or I’m going to find a way out of this hellhole without you.”
Instead of seeing reason like I think he will, Seth narrows his eyes even more. “You think it doesn’t matter to me if you are injured? You think that every time you face terror, I won’t feel it? You’re a distraction I didn’t count on. There are risks involved here, not just how I feel about you, but how you affect the Dreamscape. Your presence has influenced more than I counted on.”
“Isn’t that a good thing?” I ask.
He inches closer to me, lifting my chin until our eyes meet. “Only if I can trust you. Can I trust you, Amelia? Or are you just another woman that will sabotage everything I’ve worked to create?”
“You brought me here, remember? And don’t lump me in with whoever the girl was that betrayed you. I didn’t ask for you to come get me.”
He cocks his head to the side. “Are you sure about that?”



The elevator slides to a stop as a soft ding sounds our arrival. Amelia’s mouth hangs open, and I am tempted to close it for her—or find a much better use for those lovely lips. My tongue traces the edge of my teeth. I could kiss her senseless right now, but then she would be of no use to me, and I need her to be sharp.
She blinks as if coming out of a daze. I shouldn’t have told her about our agreement. She’s not ready to hear the truth, no matter how ready I am for her to know it.
Taking her hand tentatively, I bring her fingers to my lips. It’s no substitute for what I would rather be doing with her right now, but it will have to do. “Ready?” I ask, finding her gaze.
She stares at me, her big, green eyes sparkling with suppressed mischief. A smile curves along my mouth. As expected, when I pull her into the room, she gasps.
I’ve become accustomed to the buzz, but for her it must be overwhelming. She glances down the hallway that leads to my office, then her gaze sweeps over the desks crammed into every square inch of the ninety-second floor. I designed the space in the nineteen thirties to mimic a newsroom with dark wood and style. The arched windows drown the space in light and create the energetic atmosphere my team needs. I’ve been thinking of upgrading, but it is difficult to let go of something so beautiful.
A musty tang lingers in the air. I’ve still not been able to track down the source, but I have my suspicions about Randalf. He’s notorious for downing a whole dumpster-full of rotting garbage. He’s also one of the few here who can access the mortal realm, even though I have strictly forbidden it due to his errant behavior. I shall have to place another tracker on him.
Amelia gives a sharp squeeze to my hand and leans toward me. “Who are all these people?”
“Agents,” I tell her, spinning the word with a calm I don’t feel.
Maybell cranes her head toward the two of us, her long neck stretching to near a foot. I motion toward her and lean down to fill Amelia in. “Maybell is from Tanzaria, a world now lost to the Erobos. She sought refuge a few hundred years ago and has become an essential member of my team.
“Most of the people here refused to give in to the pull of carnality the Erobos offer. They tempt, they tame, they torture, in that order. Remember that. Those assembled here are either the last of their kind, or close to it.”
Even if I could convert the whole of Earth to Oneiroi, saving those lost worlds is a staggering feat. A moment of remorse overcomes me as I gaze over the straggly band of misfits I lead. They do their best to help me, but the barrier that came from my curse keeps them from fully being able to engage humans for true recruitment.
Amelia hesitates then steps toward Maybell, who sits closest to the elevator. Amelia’s already large eyes widen when Maybell stands, her elongated body resembling stretched taffy, shapely as it is. She’s a good eight feet, on the short side for a Tanzarian. Fortunately, Maybell is the most humanized of my team. It takes her all of a couple of seconds to skirt around her desk to stand in front of Amelia. She shoves a long, yellow arm toward my awestruck companion.
Her high-pitched voice spills through the office. “You must be Amelia! I’m Maybell, but you can call me Bell.”
Amelia clears her throat and clasps Maybell’s hand as a child would an adult. “I-it’s good to meet you, Bell.”
Maybell smirks at me. “I told you she’d adjust quickly.”
I exhale a long breath, slightly annoyed she has taken to Amelia in a matter of seconds. I’ve known Maybell since she arrived on the planet, and she still hasn’t given me leave to call her Bell. “Yes, well, that’s yet to be seen.”
More of my team stand and venture over. Kelsby is the first to speak up. “Miss Amelia, we’ve been waiting a very long time for you.” His bulbous body rocks forward, and, for a moment, I’m worried he might not be able to right himself in time to keep from toppling into us. Luckily, he shifts to the side then circles back to an upright position. His joints have no stopping mechanism, which can come in rather handy in a tight spot he should never be able to fit into, but he’s a bit iffy when it comes to the normal things. He has four legs that serve to uphold his rotund upper body, but somewhere along the way of the genetic chain, he was saddled with lanky limbs. Although he has worked to strengthen them, they don’t quite leave him stable.
Amelia swallows hard and smiles, nodding at Kelsby. “I’d like to say that I’m flattered, mister, but I still don’t know what I’m supposed to do for your…” her gaze sweeps the gathering crowd, “um, group.”
Kelsby guffaws, clapping her on the back, sending her lurching forward. I catch her arm before she can fall to the tiled floor.
This is too much for her. If her heartbeat intensifies any more, she will pass out.
I hold up my hand and a hush falls over the room. “Thank you all for your interest in Amelia. She will get to know each of you in turn, but she is needed elsewhere at the moment. I still haven’t briefed her for tonight’s mission. If you will excuse us?”
A low hum rattles the air, but most look on with compassion for Amelia. I’ve not seen the group this excited in ages. I wish I was bringing a fully trained operative for them to work with, but Amelia is sharp. She will catch on quickly and before we know it, she will be one of the team, but for now, she is still fragile enough that I must shield her from the coming onslaught of camaraderie she will have to endure.
As we trek down the corridor toward my office, Amelia gives a swift glance over her shoulder. “You could have at least warned me a little bit,” she says.
I laugh, placing a hand at her waist. “Would you have believed me if I had?”
She rakes her fingers through her hair. “Good point.”







Shock would be too tame a word for what’s happening to my mind and body at this moment. There are so many creatures to take in, I have no idea how to even process some of them. The absolute weird part is I’ve never felt more at home in my life. Every one of them had a smile on their face, no matter how odd that face was.
Back there, the deflated room filled up with hope in seconds. Maybe it’s my clairvoyant side surfacing, but the jubilation was present in and around everything.
Now, more than ever, I want to know what’s going on here, and how I can help. Seth may have brought me into this, but there is so much more to it than him and me. Whatever relationship we end up with, even if it’s nothing, I want to be here.
I have no idea who those creatures are or what their story is, but I want to find out. Bell’s enthusiasm caught me off-guard, but when Kelsby ambled over to me, even though he was in apparent pain doing so, it tugged on my heart.
Seth hasn’t said anything else, and when I glance at him his eyes stare vacantly ahead. His office is set down a long hallway, which lends a separate quality to the room. The solid door is made of some metal that looks like a mottled mixture of copper and slate. The flat surface is otherwise unremarkable.
After a moment of me staring at him, Seth opens the door. Mechanical clangs and whirs compete with the steady hum of an engine; at least, I think that’s what it is.
“After you,” Seth says, giving my back a gentle nudge.
Once inside, several things call my attention. Not another living soul is in this place brimming with machinery, unless you count the wall of flashing lights a living entity.
When Seth shuts the door, it intensifies the noise level to a blurred background to my turbulent thoughts. I turn to him, my eyebrows pushing together.
“This is your office?”
“No,” he says, taking my hand. “Come.”
We skirt between neat rows of machines where another door awaits. This one is made of the same metal as the one before, but it is embossed with a pastoral scene I have come to know quite well.
It takes me moments to locate the beast peeking out from behind the tree. He’s never answered my question, but I’m hopeful this time he will. I reach out to run my fingers over the cool surface. “What does this depict? Why does it keep showing up on stuff?”
Seth stares, eyes wide as golf balls before he gives me a curt smile. He says nothing until we are through the doorway and the image is lost to me. No matter how much he might want to, he cannot hide it from me. It’s imprinted in my memory.
Unlike the room we just came from, his office is sleek and high-tech with an entire wall of monitors that show the goings-on in various levels of the building. He takes a seat behind his minimal desk, while I grab the nearest armchair to sink into.
His jaw tightens before he speaks. “Do you remember when I told you about the Netherworld?”
I nod.
“I once lost a piece of my soul to the place. What you’ve seen is the world I search for…the place that houses that part of me.”
I suck in a breath. “The creature?”
He nods.
“Why is the picture showing up like this?”
“I believe you’ve discovered a piece of a map, so to speak. It might be related to the part of the key you found, or it might be a manifestation of your power. I am unsure.”
“Power?”
“On our journey here, I was able to dampen your effect by soaking up your energy, but once you are with the team, Maybell will teach you to do this yourself.”
My thoughts pick up speed until I can barely distinguish them. “This is so much.”
His blue eyes soften around the edges. “Time has no meaning here, Amelia. You will learn all you need to know.”
He’s full of it. “That’s not true,” I say. “You keep telling me how you’re running out of time. You need my help because you’re about to lose some guy to the Erobos, right?”
He gives a slow shake to his head. “It is most likely too late.”
“Most likely? Don’t you know where you stand with him?”
Seth smirks at me. “I’ve been preoccupied lately.”
I throw my head back and rub my eyes. “I have a feeling this is going to be a long night.”
His head tilts to the side while he cocks an eyebrow. “You have no idea.”
Leaning toward him, I smile. “You’d better start filling me in, then. We have people waiting on us.”



Amelia’s enthusiasm warms my heart. I had no way of truly knowing how she would react to my team, but her openness is most welcome.
I lean back in my chair. “On-the-job training is usually best, anyway. History won’t matter when you’re in the heat of battle. Trust me.”
She nods, crossing her legs. “Tell me what I need to know.”
I get caught up in her movements again. Unlike in the worlds I’ve taken her through to get here, she’s outfitted in her battle gear, which hugs her form the way I’d like to. Seeking a distraction, I glance out the window. “We’re after an elusive target. We thought she was on our side, but we have reason to believe she may have been corrupted.”
“Who is she? What’s her story?”
Sitting in front of her like this is unbearable, so I stand and pace the wall of windows that overlooks the city below. “She was recruited by one of my brothers ten years ago. Since she has rare gifts, we all use her talents occasionally. She’s gifted in the art of telepathy. She can contact operatives ten or more worlds over and has served as our communications expert until recently, when she was caught with a known Erobos operative.”
“Did you ask her about it?”
“I haven’t been able to find her, which is why I believe she has been compromised. Olivia could be found if she wanted to be.”
Amelia frowns at me, running her fingers along her black leather pants. “But you don’t know for sure. Is there another explanation?”
I look out the window again, not able to concentrate if I continue to stare at her. “Ah, there is one other possibility that is much worse.”
“Which is?”
“She has been possessed.”
Her tone is incredulous. “Like demons and stuff?”
I face her, offering no amount of consolation. “In a way. Erobos are not demons in the biblical sense, but many of the demonic legends come from Erobos interference in your world. Because they are not able to be physically present on Earth, they sometimes choose to possess a human body to accomplish a task. This comes at a great cost to them, but they have increased the use of this tactic exponentially over the past few years.”
“What does possession do to the Eorobos?”
“Depending on the depth of the ability of the host, they burn out quickly. Only those who have a true talent can maintain a link for prolonged periods of time. Once the connection is severed, the Erobos is left to the ether to recover. This could take centuries or even millennia for them to fully regenerate.”
“What’s the ether?”
“A dark expanse of unorganized matter, where one is scattered, unable to think or exist in a composed form. It is the natural realm of the Eros.”
Amelia leans back against the chair, studying me. I expect her to ask me more about the Eros, but she says, “Can that happen to you?”
Her concern lights my soul. “I do not engage in possession for other reasons, but no, if I chose to use the ability, I am linked to the mortal world, so it doesn’t affect me as strongly.”
She glances toward the door. “Does anyone on your team use the ability?”
I will not lie to her. “Only when necessary, but only in short bursts.”
She nods. “So if Olivia has been possessed, she is human.”
Even though her question is rhetorical, I nod.
“Who recruited her?”
“My brother.”
Her eyes widen in alarm. “You said that already. Ian?”
“Zedekiah,” I say.
“How many brothers do you have?”
“Many, but four remain Oneiroi, including myself.”
“And Zedekiah doesn’t know where she is?”
“He’s searching as we speak.”
Her lashes flutter against her ashen cheeks. “Could I be possessed?”
I want to tell her I would never allow such a thing, but I cannot be with her at all times. For her to be useful to me, she has to branch into areas I can no longer reach. “It is unlikely in your current state, but yes.”
Her foot bounces up and down like a wayward piston. “Is there a way to prevent possession or at least overcome it?”
“For true Oneiroi, yes, but you are a recruit. The only thing I can tell you is to never embrace the darkness, for once you do, there is no way out but through hell.”
Her foot slams against the floor as she rises from her chair to pace along the outer wall. “Sounds great, Seth.” After a moment she stops. “Does that mean I can become Oneiroi if I want to?”
I swallow the acid in my throat. “If I claim you as my mate, yes.”



Two words register in my mind: claim and mate. Dizziness swarms my head, leaving my brain to fend for itself. I grab the wall for support. A steamy vision takes over my mind that involves both words equally.
Seth smiles at me, a slow spreading affair that sets my veins on fire. If I ever allow him to claim me, he will consume me to dust, but I might just enjoy the burn.
“Good to know,” I say, trying to recover my composure. “So Zedekiah has not converted Olivia then?”
“Their relationship is still young.”
“She’s been with him for ten years,” I say. An offence for a woman I’ve never met, who might just be my enemy now, spreads through me. “Those are the only two possibilities for her? After so long, why hasn’t your brother committed to the relationship?”
Seth walks to me and clasps my shoulders. “Ten years is nothing to an immortal. We are all wary because of the woman that cursed me. She betrayed us all before she was brought here. You needn’t worry, Amelia. I will do everything in my power to protect you.”
Somehow, I figure his brother made a similar pact to the woman in question. “Is that why you insisted I stay in the red room to come here?”
“That’s part of it. Daegan will show his face eventually. You must be ready for him.”
I nod. The weight of his calling or whatever it is he does, hits me. “Seems like there are many reasons for you to not trust me. Thanks for taking a chance.”
He hugs me, pressing my face against his chest. “You have no reason to thank me, Amelia.” When he pulls away, promise lies within his eyes. “But, you will.”
I smile, hoping my attempt is reassuring. “I’m holding you to that, right now.” I caress his cheek and his big hand covers mine. “I had no idea this was what you had in mind when you took me, but I’m starting to think I might just like working with you.”
He laughs, tucking my bangs behind my ear. “Working with me, is it? Am I to understand there are no fringe benefits in sight for me?”
I lick my lips then smile. “We’ll see.”
He presses his lips to my hair. “Good as a promise in my book.”
I push away from him. “Aren’t you supposed to be briefing me?”
“I’d rather frisk you, but we can do that later.”
I cuff his shoulder. “Be serious.”
“All right. Serious you want. It is serious you shall have.
“We’re scouting Olivia’s last known location. Zed will be there, so I cannot come. I will have to take care of his responsibilities as well as my own. I hate to send you into a new world without showing you the triggers and pitfalls you will have to avoid, but Maybell is a great teacher. She’ll find Zed, so don’t worry about that. What I need you to do is search for anyone who feels off. You might not be able to form a mental link right away, so trust your instincts. Alert Maybell the instant you sense anything slightly dark.”
“What do you mean by dark?” I ask.
“Humans have neutral or positive energy in the Dreamscape. With your level of ability, darkness should essentially scream at you.”
“How am I supposed to let Maybell know if I sense someone off?”
“You should be able to communicate telepathically. I’ve instructed her to test your connection before you two set off to locate Zed. You may find nothing, but you are our best hope of finding Olivia.”
“What about the guy you were searching for before?”
“We’ll worry about him another time. Put him out of your mind. Olivia is our priority.”
I nod, taking a deep breath. “Is that it?”
“Remember the first rule when you face an Erobos?”
“Don’t let them touch me.”
“And if they get too close?”
I finger a spike at my elbow. “I cut them.”
Seth smiles at me. “That’s my girl. I would send you in with true weapons, but they would call attention to you or be turned on you if you haven’t had the proper instruction.”
“How?”
“Where Erobos throw off darkness, you will exude light. It is who you are, part of your nature. Maybell’s presence will dampen you, but you are already exposed enough. She will teach you how to camouflage your power as you travel. It won’t take you long to learn.”
I give Seth’s hand a squeeze. “Ready, boss. Let me at ‘em.”
He grins at me. “That’s the spirit.”
One question won’t leave me, and before I take off into an unknown world, I have to ask, “So what exactly will you be doing while I’m with Maybell?”
He sniffs, pulling me toward the door. “I’ll be dealing with the other three billion people I have to worry about, plus Zed’s share.”
I still don’t know if I buy that number, but let him tell tales. Soon enough, I’ll know if they are true.



I haven’t been completely honest with Amelia, but I have to make sure she is okay before I set out for my night without her. Normally, I wouldn’t bother tagging along, but I can’t leave until I’m sure.
Zed and I technically haven’t seen each other in a while and I cannot risk getting sucked into his predicament. He should have converted Olivia immediately, yet his hesitance is understandable. I am not eager to put Amelia’s soul at risk either, but he should let Olivia decide.
My brothers and I usually meet up every few centuries to make sure our remaining numbers haven’t succumbed to temptation and to catch up, but with our circumstance being what it is, it’s been too long since I’ve actually seen him.
Just as with Ian. He is worse off than I expected and is closer to turning than I would have ever imagined. His presence has already begun to corrupt my worlds. I’ve been warning him to stay out of my territories, but he’s never listened to me before. Not much has changed in that regard.
We telecommunicate nearly daily, relaying progress and such, but physical contact is not accomplished often. It used to be my brothers and I would fly through the worlds together, sending dreams, tracking enemies, dealing with traitors, but those days are gone.
Solitude’s cage has leashed us all.
I wait for Maybell to lead Amelia to the portal, giving ample time for explanations. Her bravery fills the cobwebs of my soul, where empty promises hide in the shadows.
The one who betrayed me enters my thoughts. She is still easy for me to visualize. Her training was almost complete when she was unveiled as a traitor. I once believed she could be saved, which is why her betrayal clings to me still.
She was to be my mate. I should have been in every part of her. There should have been no room for Erobos ideals, or temptations. The truth is, I didn’t know her. After two centuries, I didn’t know her. And here I am potentially making the same mistake, trusting the future of my race and the human realm to a girl with no more experience than a foundling. I am mad to release Amelia into the Dreamscape, but these are desperate times.
I have no choice. She is the last hope I have. If we fail, her world and mine will plunge into darkness. Her light will be expunged, and I will be consumed by the beast.
After they slip through the portal, I follow, making sure they do not see me amongst the crowd. This world is filled with interlocking cityscape, including hordes of people. I’ve never seen so many occupy a world, which makes me wonder who this dreamer is. He is highly present, which makes the place difficult to influence fully, which is an advantage where Amelia is concerned. She will have to concentrate to make an impact here.
Maybell ducks down an alley, pulling Amelia with her. We are near the inner city, but we haven’t reached the waterways yet. The people walk by, chatting and laughing, oblivious to the fact they are the products of this dreamer’s mind.
It is clear to see why Zed has spent much of his efforts on this one man. With a life force this potent, he will be capable of doing great good in his lifetime. Hopefully Zed can keep him on track.
I’m hesitant to follow my teammates, but I’m curious to see how Amelia handles herself without me. I have no desire to irritate either woman, so I inch as close to the alley as I can to hear them better. When I’m sure no one is looking, I camouflage myself into the stone façade of the apartment building.
Amelia’s voice reaches me. “What do you mean?”
“Imagine you have a ball of energy inside you as bright as the sun. Make it as low as a distant star…good.” Maybell’s enthusiasm tells me Amelia has done well, but I do not need the verbal cue to feel the difference in this world. The colors have faded, but they are still more alive than most. “Now,” says Maybell. I want you to focus on outside thoughts. Those that don’t belong to you.”
“I can’t hear anyone’s thoughts. It’s just me in here.”
I bite down a laugh. Maybell’s breath accelerates with her heart rate, but her tone remains calm when she speaks. “You must ignore the noise of your own thoughts, Amelia. Using your gift will become easier the more you use it, but it will be work for you at first.”
Amelia’s sigh is filled with frustration. “I still don’t hear anything.”
Maybell takes her time in answering. “Let’s try something different. Focus on feeling those around you. You should be able to distinguish those with life force from those without. These people exist because of the dreamer. Who is here that doesn’t belong. Whose energy feels different?”
Amelia’s probe hits me like a blast. I focus all my attention to keep her out of my mind. It won’t be long until she senses Zed.
“There,” says Amelia. “It is a man. His thoughts are strong. Do you think it’s him?”
Maybell chuckles. “We can only hope. Where is he?”
The two are silent for a while, which tempts me to inch my way around the corner. If I am careful enough, Maybell won’t notice me.
Amelia is the first to break the silence. “It’s dark and smells like old paper.”
“What do you see?”
“Not much. There are statues. Gargoyles, I think. The building is old, out of place with the rest of the city.”
Maybell’s voice turns low. “A church?”
I cannot stay still a moment longer. I must see Amelia. Using the topography of the building to steady myself, I take the form of a fly. There are already plenty around, which only shows the level of control this dreamer has. Normally, insects are not part of a dream, unless it is a nightmare.
Once I am around the corner, I take my place on the nearest window sill. Amelia stares at Maybell, who is pacing the few feet between buildings.
Amelia’s features are pulled in concentration and exasperation. “You know it?”
Maybell nods. “I’ve not been to this world before, but I’ve heard about the place. It’s in a bad part of town. I’m not sure I should take you there.”
“I can handle it.”
Turning to face Amelia, Maybell takes a deep breath, her upper body expanding far past that of her human companion’s shallow inhales. “No time to waste, either way.”
Amelia smiles as Maybell takes her arm and hurries out of the alley. I’m caught up in the quickening breeze and take too long to follow. They are near the waterways when I spot them again.
My heart swells in my chest. It should have taken Amelia much longer to locate Zed. If anyone can find Olivia, it will be her.
Maybell escorts her through the channels, avoiding the ships that never dock. If this world bothers her, Amelia doesn’t let on.
I would have thought she’d have so many questions, but she is focused and keeps her mind pressing forward. I should go now. I should let her progress naturally, yet leaving is more difficult than it should be.
The excitement on Amelia’s face warms me. She listens intently as Maybell instructs her in how to choose another ship.
I take the next. We sail through the waterways that have a way of blending together until the high-rises look the same and the cityscape gives way to canyons of glass and steel.
Just when I think I’m going to lose the two of them and have to track them mentally, they disembark on a dock in the third district. Trepidation stiffens my spine as I send a message to Maybell to get back on the ship. Her eyes scan the waterway until they reach me. She gives a slight shake of her head then turns back to Amelia, who gazes up at the gothic cathedral that does not pass for a place of worship these days.
Erobos thrive in the third district and taking Amelia to an infested pit is not exactly my idea of training. If Zed is here, I will kill him.
I push a message to him and wait for a reply. His answer is immediate. He is not here. Maybell doesn’t answer me when I zip her a warning. Likewise, Amelia is not accessible.
My heart seizes in my chest. It’s a trap.
With no time to lose, I dive into the rushing current, which does its best to whisk me away in the opposite direction. My body tightens against the water, parting it as I speed toward Amelia.







This is the strangest place I’ve ever been. It’s like a modern Venice or something. Megalithic high-rises line the rushing waterways like they’ve been planted by giants, row after row.
Unlike Venice, nothing about this world is tranquil. The motorboats zip past, zigging in and out of traffic, narrowly avoiding the boat in front of them.
No one says much, yet there are more people than I’ve seen in my life on their way to who knows where. From what Maybell said, Zedekiah should be inside this building.
I glance up at the aged stone edifice until my eyes lock on a cracked gargoyle that leers down at me, daring me to go inside. I make a face at it, steeling my nerve.
Maybell’s warm fingers coil around mine, engulfing my hand into hers. A zing of energy slithers from me to her and I cringe. I’m not focusing enough to keep my energy down. She gives a light squeeze then precedes me through the arched entry.
Darkness presses against me when I follow her. After the door creeks shut, nearly all light is blotted out. My eyes take a few moments to adjust to the dim lantern that barely flickers enough light to make out the walkway and some of the arches in the distance.
My heart plummets into an abyss and my pulse pounds in my ears. We walk into an open rotunda with a central chandelier that hangs from a ceiling so high up, the top is not visible. Candlelight casts the space in dark relief. There is one mezzanine level above us followed by gilded frescos depicting grotesque figures doing heaven knows what to each other.
For the life of me, I can’t imagine why Seth’s brother would be here…unless he’s on the wrong side of the fence.
An image of a dark-haired stranger flits through my mind. I still don’t know who the guy was that contacted me before my world became this crazy. Perhaps Ian isn’t the only one close to turning. Perhaps this is worse than Seth knows?
I take one more step, but that’s as far as I’m going. Something’s wrong. Seth’s warning ricochets through my mind. “Maybell?” I whisper, not yet comfortable calling her Bell.
She answers in my thoughts. “You feel it, too?”
I give a slight nod. “We need to leave.”
Understatement of the century. Maybell has already told me if we got into trouble to run as fast as I can. I don’t question her, I whirl around and it takes all of two seconds for me to register the wall of men in front of me.
My heart slams into my throat as I press back against Maybell’s tall frame. She sidesteps me, angling herself between me and the Erobos waiting to consume me.
Somehow, I imagined I’d be able to have a little time to learn before I had to face one of them, but right now, all I can think about is surviving.
One man steps forward. He is darkness personified, except for his extraordinary light eyes. His dark hair is slicked back, giving a perfect view of his broad, angular features, which steal my breath. His beauty takes a minute for me to process fully. Daegan. Fantastic.
A slow smile slides along his mouth, tempting, sensual. I swallow against the bile burning my insides, assessing the situation. There is no chance I’m getting out the way we came in. I glance over my shoulder to the empty hallway. They want me to go that way; otherwise, I would have a wall of Erobos at my back.
Daegan takes another step and Maybell hisses at him. When she glances at me, I try not to jump. She’s grown fangs and her face has taken on feline angles, not the least of which are her glowing green eyes. Although she has no whiskers to speak of, she is menacing.
“What should we do?” I ask her telepathically.
“Amelia,” says the man, his eyes widening in what looks like real concern. “Step away from the creature. We will protect you.”
I snort. He must think I’m ten ways an idiot. “Yeah?” I say, straightening my spine. “Who’s going to protect you from me?”
He laughs and his resultant smile disarms me. His voice is like velvet stroking my insides. “For one so young, you have quite an ambitious heart.”
“You have no idea.” I narrow my eyes at him, but refrain from cocking a hip. I’ve got to be able to move if he comes after me. “Enough with the small talk, mister tall, dark, and creepy. Who the hell are you? What do you want?”
“You…of course,” he says with a casual flick of his wrist. The other men laugh and shoot out catcalls. Yeah, that was a given. He takes another step, and it’s all I can do to keep my ground. Every cell inside me wants to run. “Soon, you shall know your true calling, Sibylline.” He circles around us and I follow his movements, my muscles coiled. “Or are you something else? Even dampened, you are extraordinary.”
“Leave her alone, Daegan,” says Maybell in an all-too-familiar way.
So she knows him, which doesn’t exactly help the situation. If she knows him, he knows her. His presence slithers up against me. At first, he repels me, but something about him is also hypnotizing. He’s a mystery I’d like to solve. I shake my head. No, he’s a monster. To keep my focus, I press my fingernails into my palms until I’m ready to cry out from the pain. I was warned about this. Erobos tempt first then tame then torture, in that order.
Daegan tilts his head, staring Maybell down. His arrogance permeates the room. We’ll just have to see about educating him a bit. We are not down and we certainly aren’t out.
Our best bet is to run, even though I’d love to get in a good punch to his smug face. Too bad he’s not getting anywhere near me. Seth taught me well, and I’m not about to let him down now. Since we can’t go through the front door, I need to make another one. My only hope is that Seth was right when he said I could affect the Dreamscape with my thoughts. I concentrate on the hall behind me. In my mind it expands, morphing into the narrow lane of a marketplace, full of people.
Daegan’s features twist into a frown before he nods at one of his men, who circles us using micro-steps, as if we won’t notice. “Do you not wish to know why I want you, Amelia?”
My mouth scrunches up. “Nope. I’m good.”
The guys laugh.
No more messing around. Once the image is firmly planted in my mind, I push it into the room.
The clattering of metal and the hum of voices fill the space. I give Daegan a gloat before I grab Maybell’s hand, not waiting to see his reaction.
We race into the crowd, dodging a woman pushing a cart full of vegetables at the last moment. The temptation to look over my shoulder is too great to resist. It’s no surprise that Daegan and his men pursue us, plowing into people, throwing some out of the way. The problem is they are gaining on us.
I glance at Maybell, sending her a signal to split up. The worst thing we could do would be to get caught together.
“I won’t leave you,” she screams. “Just keep running.”
Seth said I’d get faster with time, but my time for training was up the second I stepped into this world. I’ve got to do something else. Escape is not an option at the moment. Even if we make it out of here and catch up with Zed, once Seth finds out about this he’s gonna lock me in his realm for good. I need to show him I listened. I need to show him he can trust me. More importantly, I need to help Maybell and the others who are counting on me to come through for them.
In the distance, the marketplace expands into some type of square. Sending Maybell a mental note to meet me there, I jet down a side alley. Maybe not the safest thing to do, but if we stay together like this we will both be taken for sure.
Daegan follows closely behind me. His presence slithers around me, seeking a place to take root. I’ve never experienced this kind of darkness. It’s at once frightening and enticing, a constant call to discover. I’m no detective, and I’m not giving in to this strange desire to see what he’s made of.
His voice floats over me. “We have come to rescue you, Amelia. Stop. Listen to what I have to say. Seth is dangerous. He was imprisoned for a reason. He has lied to you. You know in your heart I speak the truth.”
This guy wouldn’t know the truth if it slapped him upside his handsome head. I don’t bother to answer him as I rush forward, weaving through the city, searching for an out, or at least a waterway rushing to somewhere else.
After a while, his calm façade shatters. “You will stop, Amelia!”
At this, I laugh, pushing myself harder to escape him. Seth said that if one of them caught me, I had to cut them. I have the distinct impression if Daegan catches me, I won’t be able to move, let alone scream.
I’m gaining ground on him, which brightens my hope. He doesn’t say anything, but his presence is still with me, shadowing me. When the crowd in the market comes back into view, I smile, giving all I have to reaching that beacon. The weird part is no one is even looking at me as I flail my arms and kick up dust from the street.
Two, maybe three strides away from the opening, a hand descends on my shoulder, and I scream. He’s caught me.



I’ve never seen anything like Amelia. She not only manipulated the dream of an omnipresent dreamer, she singlehandedly thwarted Daegan’s attempt to capture the two most valuable members of my team, herself included.
Once I found my way inside the church, I stopped in the shadows, watching Amelia take on the leader of the Erobos army. She did everything I taught her and more. Where there was no escape route, she created one. She didn’t allow him to lie to her when so many others have fallen prey to his thrall.
The Erobos have a way of sinking into the very soul of a person, only to leave with a piece of it when they are through.
I should have followed Amelia right away, but Maybell, it seemed, was their true target. Once Amelia ran, only Daegan followed her. The other seven men chased after Maybell.
Perhaps Daegan is smarter than I’ve given him credit for. Amelia is too pure for him to turn, and Maybell will keep her on task. With Maybell out of the way, the Erobos have a better chance of ticking away Amelia’s armor.
Between the two of us, Maybell and I dispatched the other Erobos quickly. Daegan departed the moment he saw me. I’ve finally caught up to Amelia, only to have her ignore me when I yell at her to stop.
Her focus is admirable, but I need to catch her before she reaches the marketplace and causes a scene. More Erobos may be in the area, and the last thing we need is another fight.
She’s faster than she was in my realm, which normally would be a good thing; however, right now I would have preferred for her talent to have awakened later.
“Amelia!” I call. She plows forward.
Giving all my effort, I finally reach her. I place my hand at her shoulder, and she screams. I delve into her mind because she will not respond no matter how loudly I call.
“It’s Seth, Amelia. Listen to me.” She thrashes in my arms, so I squeeze her tighter against me.
Giving a grunt, she whirls around, clipping me with her blade-encrusted elbow. The blow makes my head spin, and I clutch my face. Blood drips through my fingers and down to my elbow, where it drips down and plops on the ground as I stare at her.
When her eyes finally focus on me, they widen in horror. She opens her mouth, only to cover it. Her fingers tremble as she pulls them away and touches the line of blood flowing down my arm.
Her voice is breathy when she speaks. “I’m so sorry, Seth.”
“Don’t be,” I tell her. “You have done well. In fact, I would like you to continue on your mission.” I motion behind her to where my brother and Maybell stand. “Zed waits for you.”
She shakes her head. “But you’re bleeding.”
I pull her against me and inhale her scent. “I’m fine. I also have to get going. I have much to accomplish tonight.” When I release her, I give her what I hope is a reassuring nod. “I am proud of you, Amelia. Thank you for helping us.”
Her feet shuffle against the dirt. “Don’t go getting all mushy on me now. I’m sorry you had to come after me.”
That’s the thing. I didn’t have to come after her. She handled herself as a seasoned agent would have. She is more of an asset than I could have hoped for. Her level of control is unheard of for someone who has no experience to speak of.
Daegan will only want her more now. If I know him at all, he won’t come after her right away. He’ll strategize until he’s sure he has a chance to capture her. He’ll watch from the shadows.
Now that I know what Amelia is capable of, I will not relent in our training. With any luck, she will be able to locate Olivia tonight. If not, soon. My heartbeat speeds to a fevered beat. She could find Nathanial for me. If I can secure him, the Erobos will be weakened immensely.
I muss up Amelia’s hair, then turn to go. “You did well,” I tell her again before quickening my step, trying to recall where the nearest portal is.
“Aren’t you going to introduce me to your brother?” she calls after me.
I wave to her from over my shoulder, not bothering to turn back around.
“Whatever,” she says.
“Amelia,” says Zed. “This way, please.”
Maybell gives a hearty laugh, and I’m tempted to join them just for the company,but I have dreams to send tonight. Their voices fade away and I am left to myself. Always left to myself.
Gritting my teeth, I morph into an eagle and take for the sky. In this form it will only take me minutes to find the portal. The sooner I accomplish my tasks, the sooner I can return to Amelia.



Seth is so weird, but his brother is worse. Zedekiah is shorter and leaner with a dark beard that any self-respecting redneck would envy.
Somebody should really tell the guy to shave; I might just be the one to give him a head’s up once I get to know him better. His wild hair goes every which way, yet somehow still manages to be on the sexy side. He’s got this Middle Eastern thing going that works for him, especially in the current setting of ancient-looking pots and colorful fabrics. It’s as if he were cast as Shahryar in Arabian Nights.
He should look like a killer, dressed as he is in pants that balloon off his waist, the crotch hanging to his knees. A wicked holster crisscrosses over his bronzed torso. The hilt of a sword peeks up over his shoulder. Yet, kind brown eyes crinkle at the corners when he smiles at me. “Are you ready?” he asks again as I continue to gape at him.
Long fingers scratch his chin then twist his beard. Maybell strolls over to me and clasps my upper arm.
I finally snap out of it. “Sorry,” I say, “but you don’t look a thing like Seth. How can you two be brothers?” To be fair, now that I think about it, neither does Ian.
A soothing laugh escapes his lips. “Let’s just say we have different mothers and leave it at that. Come. We have a task to complete.”
I nod. “So where did you see Olivia last?”
His face dissolves into sadness. “She was researching a target for me. We are now in his dream world.”
“Do you think she’s still here?” I ask, glancing around to see if anyone seems a little too interested in our conversation. We’re still concealed in the shadows, but you can never be over-careful.
Giving a slight shrug, he says, “We’ve been guarding the portals since word of her disappearance reached me, and no one has seen her. It is likely the Erobos are waiting for us to leave, or they are attempting to change her here, hoping to use her against us while we still have hope for her.”
He takes a deep breath and closes his eyes. His pain over her loss is written in his rigid stance and deflated features.
I’ve only known him for a few minutes, but his depth of love for Olivia strikes me more than any man I’ve been around.
“So she was in the church…doing what?”
The place radiates darkness, and no one who has been in this business long should have risked going in there alone.
Neither of them answers me, so I ask another question. “Was someone else with her?”
Finally, Maybell breaks the awkward silence. “She shouldn’t have been in this part of the city. We have no way of knowing why she chose to abandon her team.”
“Are they still here? Can I talk to them?”
Zed snaps out of his pensive silence long enough to grunt. Then he takes off down the alley I just came from.
Not really the best idea if you ask me, but I’m the one who barely escaped Mr. Creepy only minutes ago.
Maybell and I follow Zed through back alleys until I think I’m going to be sick from the twists and turns. We finally emerge onto a thoroughfare where ships zoom past and no one even looks our way. They stare straight ahead without an ounce of emotion written on their features, as if they are all rushing toward a distant port without taking the time to enjoy the journey.
I stare at the turbulent water, wondering why the streets aren’t paved. My body vibrates with a connection I never expected. Someone else’s memories download into my brain in an instant.
The dreamer is a forty-something-year-old man, living in a three hundred-square-foot flat in a rundown area of Karachi, Pakistan. Despite his circumstances, his mind is active and alive on a level that is inspiring. He’s developing a hybrid generator that harnesses solar energy using a system of satellites to transfer energy to the generator through already established towers. I couldn’t possibly understand the mechanics of it, but he sure seems excited about it.
More information zooms through my mind. This guy could change the way the world consumes energy. Just as quickly, reasons the Erobos want him crash through me. Simply put, he will ease suffering and they can’t have that.
They thrive on suffering and anxiously work to increase human terror by ten percent within a human year. Where did that come from? It’s unlikely the dreamer would have that kind of information.
When Maybell sets a gentle hand against my cheek, I hear her voice calling my name. As if rising from a deep sleep, I finally come back to the present.
Her eyes focus on me as she scans my face. The kindness held in those depths twinges against my heartstrings. How can someone I just met show that much feeling toward me?
“Hello there,” she says. “Welcome back.”
Zed meanders to my side and studies me for a moment. “Where were you taken?”
Taken? “I don’t know what you mean,” I say, trying to make sense of the information I now possess.
“Setting. I need to know the setting.”
“It wasn’t Olivia that I saw.”
Crestfallen, his features deflate before he nods. “Setting?”
“An apartment…somewhere in Karachi. That’s all I know.”
Zed moves closer until he is directly in front of me. When I gaze up at him, his eyes hold mine immobile. After a moment, he says, “I think not.”
Irritation bites my insides. “I’ve told you what I know.”
He gives me a cursory smile. “You’ve told me what you think you know; however, you still have information to share. Focus. Recall the sounds around him. Recall the temperature. Was someone else with him? Was he doing something specific?”
I close my eyes, hoping it’ll help me visualize the dreamer responsible for this realm. Something in my mind slips free, like a cap on a tube, and the information flows steadily again.
“He’s looking out the window of his apartment, wondering if he’ll have a job in the morning. His rent is past due and he still hasn’t heard about his research grant. With so many people focusing on renewable energy sources, very little remains to spread around. His last effort failed and if his proposal to SBI doesn’t take, he will be left homeless.”
The thought instills an echo of fear in me. I was in a similar situation not that long ago. “The place he’s in is different than here. The streets are pavement, not water. He watches the cars as they flow along the streets, lights ablaze, and imagines a world where anyone who wishes to own a vehicle can obtain one. He’s never had one, but it is one of his ultimate desires. He’s a dreamer about to lose his dream.”
Maybell lets out a long sigh, and Zed follows close behind. His voice pinches to nearly a whisper. “Who is in charge of the distributing the grants?”
“How should I know?” I ask, irritated that he expects so much from me. It’s not as though I really know this guy.
Zed’s expression darkens as he takes a step closer. “We don’t have time to deal with your inner conflict. This man is under attack!”
I throw up my hands, tempted to smack him one. “What do you want me to do?”
“Release your preconceived notions and listen to him…become him.”
“You want me to become a guy…a guy that’s dreaming?”
Maybell cuts in. “What Zed is trying to say is ignore your judgments and let your mind wander. If you reach a connection, your thoughts will no longer exist in this moment. His thoughts will be all that remain.”
My hands move up to my hips. “That’s not possible,” I say.
Zed’s almond eyes hone in on mine. “All is possible for one who believes.”
I cock a brow. “What if I don’t believe?”
Immediately, his expression withers. “Then we have lost another soul to the Erobos.”
“Nothing like putting pressure on the girl that doesn’t know what the hell she’s doing,” I say, my mind trying to make sense of what these people are telling me.
Honestly, I want to help. I don’t want this man to fail. He’s got some really great ideas that could improve the entire planet. Not many people even care about whoever lives next to them, but he’s got us all on his radar. He deserves a grant. He also deserves more than a cockroach-infested space that smells like rotted cigarettes.
In fact, he’s one of the best people I’ve ever had the pleasure to know. What a silly thought. I don’t know him.
Or do I? His ambitions have lit my insides. His flickering hope has my chest expanding.
As more of his presence enters me, I ask, “How can I help him?”
“Close your eyes,” says Zed.
The moment I let my lids fall, I’m viewing the world through the eyes of a man I have never met and most likely will never really know.
“Direct his mind. Search his memories for the information we need. Who heads the grant committee?”
The face of an old man shimmers into view. My mind expands until I find him and forge a link with his mind too. Age has etched his dark skin with kind lines. He sits at a desk in a small office, riffling through files. His thoughts tumble into me.
Computers only cause problems. The world was a much simpler place when people had to gather in a room to discuss options. Now, nobody wants to meet anymore. People want to teleconference.
He loved the old days when he could feel out a project. He’d been right about most of them just by trusting his gut, but now? He has to rely on gadgets and computerized statistics. Not once has a machine been able to match his ability to pick a winner.
He’s got more files to sort through than the Great Bambino had hits. One last decision. Then he’ll be free of the political chains that bind him to this office. He’ll be free to travel to America, to see the Hall of Fame in person. His fingers trace over the game ball his father gave him so many years ago. His mind wants to wander to the good times he had as a child, but he has work to do.
Giving a sigh, he pulls out the next file and opens it, scanning the contents. He laughs immediately. Another kid who thinks he can singlehandedly solve the world’s energy crisis with crazy ideas. He stares at the picture, taking in the skinny frame, dark hair, thick glasses that obscure large brown eyes, and barely there smile.
A picture can’t tell him what his gut needs to know. He reads the proposal again then tosses it on the heap. How will he ever decide who to give the last grant to?
The connection severs. My eyes snap open. “He needs to go see Mr. Motwali at the Sindh Board of Investment. The JICA team will be visiting soon and he has to make a recommendation for the grant.”
“What does he need to tell Mr. Motwali?” asks Jed.
I think for a moment. “He needs to talk to him about baseball and long-shots.”
“What else?”
“He needs to explain the simplicity of his plan.”
Zed paces in front of me, looking over at me every few steps. “You are sure about this?”
I huff. “It’s not like I have anything to go on here.”
He stops and stares at me, folding his lean arms across his chest. “Sometimes experience is a hindrance when new ideas are the order of the day.”
“His plan is too risky.”
“Then tell him to keep his options open. Sometimes a sideways angle is the best to take.”
I nod. “How am I supposed to tell him this?”
“We need to find him.”
Yeah right. This place is crazy with its big buildings and waterways instead of streets. I’ve never seen anything like it, and I hope I never do again. With so many places to hide, the Erobos must love it here. “It has to be a long way from here. It looks like a different city.”
Maybell leans closer. “The Dreamscape rarely reflects the mortal realm. Most things and people are symbolic. We must decipher his dream world to find him.”
My muscles stiffen at the task. “How?”
“You have established a connection to him. Let your mind wander. What comes first to mind?”
“His apartment,” I say. “It was really high up. I could barely make out more than just shapes below, as if it was the penthouse, yet the actual space was tiny and rundown.”
Zed asks, “What do you think that represents?”
“Ambition, maybe? He has big ideas, but little room to develop them.”
“Interesting. What else comes to mind?”
“The lights were out, but it was as if it wasn’t by choice. Maybe the building is abandoned?” Before they can ask me, I give them my conclusion. “I think he’s on the verge of giving up.”
Maybell shifts beside me, her face brightening. “There’s a dark sector that lost power a week ago. It could be there. There are plenty of towering structures. If he’s lost focus, the streets could have changed, as well.”
Zed doesn’t waste a moment before he says, “Lead the way.”



My mind has not been on my tasks all night. I’ve delivered the majority of my dreams and instilled hope where I could, but Amelia’s emotions keep pulling me out of the moment.
I’ve never had such a strong connection to a recruit. My feelings and desire for her are one thing, but this is something else entirely.
We have not mated, yet her presence lingers with me. If I am interpreting the situation correctly, they have made some progress. She hasn’t experienced any fear, except for a slight blip, since I left her.
Every moment away from her leaves me further on edge. I have to trust her. I have to allow her to grow. Her capabilities astound me. She has so much potential to succeed, which only means she has as much or more potential to fail, like the rest of us have already. I shouldn’t allow my thoughts to dip into negative waters.
It is a sure sign of my vulnerability. If I do not make a connection with Amelia soon, I will have to take other measures to protect my realm should the worst happen and I fall.
I sincerely hope she has given up her desire to leave me. Freedom is in the giving of oneself, not in the taking of what one wants. Humans rarely understand this until it is time for their passing from the mortal world.
Amelia has barely lived, yet I expect her to understand concepts most aged adults would not easily grasp. She is capable, and her life has been anything but easy. She has learned much in her short years. Hers is an old soul, which is what matters.
I have saved my hardest task of this night until this moment. It must be done before I can join the others in the search for Olivia. Unfortunately, I have no desire to lock up the world of my latest failure.
Even though he was once my best field agent, he is lost to me now. I steel my heart and find the portal.
Once through, I gaze across the desolate landscape. What was once a thriving and vast civilization is now a shambled array of carnage. The air is devoid of life and a stagnate mire of filth rises up in its place. When the Erobos finally take over a world, no hope remains.
The man I seek comes to me instantly. He stands by my side, gazing out over the ruined valley with me. “I had so much,” he says. “How did it fall?”
What he seeks is reassurance that he can regain what he has lost, but he is beyond my help. I can offer him no salvation, so I say nothing.
“You’ve given up on me?” he asks, looking over at me, his eyes red and his cheeks sunken.
“You gave up on yourself,” I say.
The pain in his voice burrows deep in my heart. “You can’t let them have me.”
I give a mournful shake of my head. “I no longer have power here, Daniel.”
His spine snaps straight. “I can change. I will change.”
Despite the conviction in his expression, shadows swirl in his darkening eyes. He has been nearly changed. I clasp his shoulder, sadness filling me. “I hope so.”
He whirls around, shrugging off my touch. “You don’t know! I will do it!”
I force a smile and nod. As I turn to go, he grabs my forearm. At first I think he will argue with me, but he stares into my eyes; only after a moment, he lowers his gaze.
If Daniel ever does recover from his drug addiction, he might have a chance to come back, to eject the vile influence that now resides inside him. I swallow my regret and force myself to the portal. Before I set into destroying the last remaining entrance to his world, I look at him. If only I could strengthen him. I tried in the beginning. I focused much of my nightly efforts on him, but he gave in to destructive desires. Pretty soon my attempts had no effect.
I give one last effort. “I hope to see you soon, my friend.”
He doesn’t respond. A bilious fog rises from the ground in snake-like tendrils. I’ve overstayed, but I still do not wish to leave him here.
Taking one last glance, I set the charge and walk through the portal. It implodes behind me, creaking and moaning until nothing is left but silence.
How many more will fall?
I try to suppress my next thought, but it shoots through to the surface of my mind: will they all? Will I? If only I could bring my team to my realm, again, I might have a real chance of shielding them.
My teeth grind together as I stalk away. No more will succumb if I have anything to say about it. The Erobos may have taken Daniel from me, but I will not let them have anyone else. Before I return to Amelia, I visit my team, one by one. They have dwindled in numbers, which makes them only the more precious to me.
By my last visit, my heart has loosened somewhat. I still ache for Daniel’s loss, but my team remains strong.
With Amelia, we might just have a shot at winning this war. A smile washes over me and I take a deep breath, letting the cleansing light of her essence wash over me. With her help, I could get Daniel back. I’ve left his world intact for now. Only if I must will I seek the aid of my brothers to destroy it. He is worth saving. I just hope he has the strength to shed the darkness.
With most of my tasks out of the way, I make a detour. I have a certain dreamer to visit before I locate Amelia.







Once Maybell led us to the dark sector, she and Zed left it to me to locate Nabeel. I still don’t know his last name, but it doesn’t much matter. His soul is in every part of this place. He’s got quite an imagination, or whatever drives the landscape here.
That being said, the connection between waterway and regular streets wasn’t as monumental as I thought it would be. We didn’t shoot down a gigantic waterfall onto a spongy Park Avenue or anything like that. We came to a dock and parked our boat, got into a deserted car, and headed for the inner city.
Maybell was right. This entire area is not only dark, it is devoid of light, other than that generated by the cars. Traffic continues to congest the farther we travel. Along the way, I establish another connection with Nabeel.
He paces in front of the long window, growing more agitated the closer we come to him. “He’s freaking out,” I say.
“Define ‘freaking out,’” says Zed.
“He knows we’re coming. I can’t be sure, but someone might be with him.”
Maybell’s cool fingers come to rest on my forearm. “Calm him. Assure him we are here to help.” She turns to Zed, who has taken on a smile. “We don’t know that it is Olivia.”
“How am I supposed to do that?” I hiss, bringing her attention back to me. “I’ve never even met this guy!”
Her voice comes out soft, as if she is cooing a small child. “Let your intuition guide you. You need to trust your instincts.”
My heart won’t stop racing no matter how many calming breaths I take. Sweat drips down my forehead and into my eyes. I wipe my brow and curl myself into a ball to keep the pressure at bay.
Maybell bends beside me. Her hand finds mine and pulls it out in front of her. Using broad strokes, her fingers circle the inside of my wrist. “You mustn’t let his emotions overwhelm you. Back away from him. Move to his periphery.”
With every second that passes, my chest tightens. My breath is so rapid my head is swimming. “How!”
“Focus on my voice, my touch. You are in control. You guide him. Slip away slowly. Allow him to feel your retreat.”
As soon as the words register, my mind clears enough for me to distinguish his emotions from my own. He calms down slightly, but is still wary.
I can’t really blame the guy. If this were me dreaming I would probably be thinking I was having a nightmare. Is this how the Erobos affect people? The nightmare I experienced in Charlotte’s dream was more than a feeling. It was an actual presence. I can’t let my mind dwell on the Erobos.
One thing is for certain. I don’t want to be Nabeel’s nightmare.
With tiny movements, I approach him until he registers my presence again. I stay far enough away that, hopefully, he won’t be threatened.
His heartbeat flutters. I don’t really know what I’m doing, but I speak to him. “Nabeel, we’re here to help you. I need to tell you something very important. I want you to be able to work on your satellites. To do that you need to convince Mr. Motwali that your plan is the best.”
His interest spikes, so I inch in closer. “Please, let us come up to your apartment so we can talk.”
He doesn’t respond right away, but it doesn’t take him long to lower the barrier that has kept me from pinpointing his location. His soft voice in my mind startles me. “You may come up. Only you.”
I glance at Zed. “He wants me to go alone.”
Maybell shakes her head, her eyes widening and her jaw slackening. Worry radiates from her, but Zed stands with his legs wide apart, stroking his beard. He doesn’t say a word. He just lowers his head in a nod.
I nod back before I take off, adrenaline pumping through me. Amped up as I am, I bypass the elevators and take the stairs. My feet fly up each step until I come to his floor and race down the hall. At the end of the hall, a shabby green door shows layers of red and yellow paint between the cracks in the finish.
My fingers slide around the metal and twist. Nabeel waits for me on the other side.
“Come in,” he says, grasping my wrist and pulling me through the doorway.
Heat engulfs me and I gasp. Stagnant air tightens my throat. This is all wrong. Something isn’t right here. I whirl around, expecting to see big brown eyes watching me.
The eyes are brown, but the keeper of those eyes sneers at me. The man’s body grows and fills in, his features morphing into the last man I want to see. Well, maybe not the last, but close.
“Ian?” I choke out, covering my nose and my mouth to keep the haze out of my lungs.
Behind him, a body is sprawled out on the floor. Nabeel, no doubt. The real one.
“What are you doing here?” I ask, narrowing my eyes at Seth’s volatile brother.
He ignores my question, moving toward Nabeel.
I rush forward. “Leave him alone,” I tell Ian, intending on booting him in the head if he does anything suspicious.
He scoffs, rolling his eyes. “Help me. We don’t have much time.”
“I don’t trust you,” I tell him.
A dark grunt rushes out of him. “Shut up and secure the room.”
“What?” I cross my arms, trying to cover my choking with a smirk. “You mean you’re not going to kill me?”
He smirks back. “Later. Right now, we have to help Nabeel.”
I press my lips together, taking in his long frame and violent eyes. “Not really seeming like the good guy to me. How do I know you didn’t set this up?”
Ian straightens and takes a step toward me. “Shut up and secure the room!”
Stiffening, I give him the stink eye. “Why don’t you shut up and secure the room; I’ll see to Nabeel.”
He doesn’t say a word, but he watches me as he backs away. That’s right, keep going. I’m tempted to gloat, but I’m too worried about the man at my feet.
I kneel beside him, and, as absurd as it is, I feel for a pulse in his neck. “Can you get rid of this smog, or whatever the hell this stuff is?”
“I’m working on it,” says Ian, casing the room.
I cup Nabeel’s cheeks and tilt his head back and forth. “Nabeel?” I say. When he won’t rouse, I slap his cheeks lightly. “Nabeel, you need to wake up.” The absurdity of my comment isn’t lost on me. We’re in his dream, after all. “Nabeel,” I say in a harder tone.
His eyes flutter and he groans, but he doesn’t wake up. A ginormous cockroach flits across the floor near the top of his head. Vomit rises up my throat. Who the hell dreams about cockroaches?
Before he can pass out again, I lift him to a sitting position. He’s not much bigger than I am and he’s way skinnier, anorexic thin. I sure hope he’s not this bad off in real life.
The reason I’m here hits me again. With my mind finally focused on my task, I move to help him to his feet.
Finally, his eyes open and settle on me. “Who are you?” he asks, wariness written all over him.
“Amelia. I’m here to help you.”
Nabeel looks over at Ian, still skeptical. “What about him?”
I shrug. “No idea. Look. This is a dream, but I need you to remember a few things when you wake up. It’s important that you listen to me.” He nods. “You need to go see Mr. Motwali. Your plan is too out there for him, so you need to tone it down. Tell him you’d like to enhance wind turbine output.”
“How am I supposed to do that?” he says, indignant. “My life’s work has been in solar energy.”
“It doesn’t matter. You have to get him on your side. Once he knows you can work and have new innovations, your solar idea will be easier to sell. Use an in-road of some kind to work over to solar. The most important thing for you to do is talk to him about baseball.”
He blinks his big eyes at me a few times. Man, I’d kill for those lashes. His voice holds a level of amusement amidst clear confusion. “But I don’t know a thing about baseball.”
“You don’t need to. All you need to do is notice his game ball and ask him what it is. He keeps it on his desk, so it should be pretty obvious. He also has a picture of Babe Ruth on his wall. Ask him who he is. Chat him up. Do whatever you have to do to make him laugh.”
He cocks his head. “How will that help me secure the grant? I can no longer sustain myself. I eat one meal a day. If he doesn’t choose me, I will lose everything I have. All of my work, my research, will be for naught.” He pales to the point that he’s nearly see through.
I clasp his arm. “Don’t think about that. Convince him you’re the best man for the job. Show him how versatile you are. The Japanese will approve his recommendation. If he’s behind you, you’re golden.”
“How will I ever remember all of this?” he asks.
Ian walks over to us, irritation eating up his features. “Close the deal, Chit. We need to leave.”
The minute we’re out of here, I’m going to find a way to cause Ian pain. “What’s going on?”
“In case you didn’t notice, we’re surrounded by Erobos.”
A chill slips over me. I focus on Nabeel. “You need to wake up now. Remember what I told you.”
Nabeel looks from me to Ian and back again. “How do I wake myself up?”
Ian huffs. “We don’t have time for this.” He walks over to Nabeel, picks him up, and hurls him through the window. Glass shatters and scatters everywhere, following Nabeel to the pavement below.
My scream catches in my throat as Ian stalks toward me, his intentions clear on his face. I throw out my hands to stop him. He said he’d kill me later, but I didn’t think he would attempt it this soon. And I sure as heck didn’t think he’d kill our target in the process.
Even though I’m fast, I’m not fast enough. Ian’s strong arms band around me, but instead of tossing me like he did Nabeel, he jumps out the window with me in his arms. What is it with these guys and falling?
Ian twists me around, midair, so I’m pressed to him, front to front, staring over his shoulder at the gaping hole we just came from. Daegan stares back at me, pure hate in his light eyes. I glance at Ian, not quite sure how to react now that I know he was telling the truth. Do I know he hasn’t been lying? Is this some sort of trick?
“What? No brilliant retort you want to share?”
“Thanks,” I say. “That was close.”
“Hold on to me,” he says. “This is going to be rough.”
“What are you talking abou—”
The world around me twists, collapsing in on itself like an accordion. Gigantic buildings deflate as if the air is being let out of them. Ian pulls me tighter against him. The pavement rushes toward us. I cringe the moment before we hit. I’m going to die. I’ve been here before though, and I didn’t die. Besides, the real me is tucked away in Seth’s library.
Ian’s feet bang against the pavement and we spring forward toward the sparkling windows of the skyscraper in front of us. Instead of using the gleaming surface as a portal, he twists at the last second and screeches to a stop.
Maybell crashes around the corner, followed by Zed.
“Where’s Nabeel?” I ask, searching for him amidst the rubble.
Ian places me on my feet. “No time.”
“Portal?” asks Maybell.
Calm as ever, Zed lifts his brows. “Follow me.”
“What about Olivia?”
“If she’s here, she will find a way out.”
He doesn’t even run, but he’s moving so fast it’s an impossibility. Still, he’s doing it. I rush forward, nearly keeping up, but not quite.
Maybell turns around to come after me. Ian lifts his hand and she shrugs before he even speaks. “I’ll get her.”
She picks up her pace and catches up to Zed. Since it’s Ian, I don’t want him near me again, so I find a way to move faster. He laughs when I pass him, which makes me want to blow past him completely.
Giving it every bit of effort I have, I finally catch up to Maybell. Zed still manages to look casual, but he’s got a slight tension in his shoulders.
He glances at us. “Hurry. We are nearly out of time.”
Panic courses through me, but the oddest thing happens. Seth said I’d be able to feel the portal and I do. There’s an electric hum in the air that propels me forward. Pretty soon, I’m in front of all of them, leading. I grin when I reach the light post and curl my fingers around it.
I only have a second to take in the scene behind me. Shivers slice over me as the portal pulls me in. Erobos by the thousands race after us, or maybe it’s the blond girl hurtling forward like a rocket, which I’m guessing is Olivia. Where she came from is anyone’s guess. Daegan’s in the lead of his massive army. His icy gaze locks with mine, and I’m trapped for a moment. Then the world disintegrates as the team scrambles to make it on time.



As usual, the desolate world has not changed. Having no desire to delay my departure from this hellish place, I take to the sky once again. This time I choose the subtler form of a sparrow. With any luck, the dreamer will not notice me.
My wings thrust me into the sky as my heart beats a staccato rhythm. First, I scan the nearby area. The man still sits, dangling his legs over the smoldering pit of lava below him. His gaze is fixed, but his mouth moves slightly. From this height, I cannot distinguish his words and he is not speaking out loud.
I make a quick perimeter sweep, but as usual, he is completely alone. If he has noticed me, he makes no move to acknowledge my presence. I circle again, trying to get closer without disturbing him.
For a brief moment, I consider contacting him, yet the oddity of this world leaves me bereft of a real desire to know more about this man. Amelia is right. I have no reason to destroy the world, yet each moment I spend here is a moment too long. I need to, at the very least, remove the portal. Until I figure out what is going on, bringing my team here is not wise. Unfortunately, I need Ian or Zed for a true separation, to blow both sides of a portal. Even in the Dreamscape, there are worlds we do not traverse.
I haven’t heard from my brother Peter in too many years to count. As far as I know, he has stayed in contact with Zed, but he is still angry with me for getting myself locked up.
He warned me about Rhea, but I did not listen when he told me of her interaction with Deagan. What would he think of Amelia? I have not allowed myself a companion for more than five thousand years. Would that be long enough punishment in his eyes?
The Erobos have almost accomplished their task too many times. Each of my remaining brothers and I have nearly succumbed to temptation, yet the thing they used to trap me is the very thing that keeps me safe from their ever-growing influence.
Once in my realm, I can shed the evil that shadows me in the Dreamscape. Their presence has become more prominent over the last few years. It spreads from world to world like a virus. Where once was sweet innocence, exists underworlds that would make a hardened criminal cringe. They start at the periphery and circle until they have pinned a target into a narrow cocoon of darkness. Once they have turned a mind, it is hard to get that person back. Finding the dreamer’s true self in such a bog of filth can take years, even decades. Some pass from the mortal realm before we can ever recover them. Others are not worth recovering. It is a shame, but a truth to acknowledge.
This dreamer’s focus unnerves me. How I never noticed his unwavering nature when here before is beyond me, especially when Amelia detected it immediately.
When I circle again, the man looks straight at me. What I see sends me reeling inside. A Sibylline in my worlds? Without my knowledge? How is this possible?
His eyes no longer contain an ounce of color. Pure black orbs pierce straight to my core.
I will not spend another second here. A sharp gust of wind throws me off-balance, and I plummet toward the ground, only recovering enough to soften my landing. I morph immediately, rolling to my side before I jump to my feet.
The area remains void of life, except for the man atop the mountain’s crest.
Trepidation floods into me, and I hasten for the portal. This world should be closed as soon as possible. I should have brought supplies with me. Once again I am reminded of how lax I have grown in my duties.
My spine stiffens straight. No more. Whatever this man has planned does not matter. He will not succeed. He shall be cut off from all Oneiroi presence. If darkness is what he desires, he shall have it.
Something sinister is happening here. Something designed for destruction.
Without hesitation I race for the portal and am through to the next world. The other portals blur together as I hurry to my team. Now, more than ever before, I need them on this.
Once inside my realm, I relax a fraction, but I detest the time it takes the elevator to arrive on the top floor. A high-pitched ding tracks my upward progress, and by the time I reach the top floor I am ready to smash the bell above the dial. One of these days, I shall remodel all of my office, but I’ve let nostalgia hamper my judgment.
When the doors finally open, I am greeted by raucous laughter. Not one person turns to greet me. They are all huddled around two figures in the center of the giant room. Thick mahogany desks have been pushed to the perimeter while a sea of people surrounds the couple: Amelia and Ian.
A growl races up my throat before I can stop it.
No one notices, or they are pretending not to notice, which inches my anger near boiling.
No sound exists in the room, save Amelia’s lovely voice.
“Then he jumped out the window, carrying me. Daegan sure looked pissed.”
Ian laughs. “It didn’t help that you flipped him off on the way down. I’m beginning to think you had a questionable upbringing.”
“Look who’s talking, Mr. Never-Says-Anything-Helpful.” She cocks her head and quirks a brow. “You could have told me the Erobos were everywhere instead of trying to run the show.”
“You wouldn’t have listened if I had. You don’t trust me.”
“Damned right!”
I step in between the two, pushing Ian toward Maybell in the process. I don’t care who is in the room. Amelia is safe, and I make no pretense as I pull her into my arms.
She glances up at me, eyes alive with laughter. “Couldn’t wait to see me, huh?”
I bend near her ear, inhaling her sultry scent. “If I could strap you to my side, I would.”
Her chest rumbles with her laugh. She whispers, “Control freak.” Her smile broadens until our gazes touch. She takes a step back, scanning my face, and clasps my arm. “What’s wrong?”
Since this concerns our whole team, I get right to it. “I’m afraid we have a problem.”
For the first time I notice Zed hovering near the windows, as usual. Olivia is by his side, her hand firmly secured in his. She is yet to be interrogated, but I do not sense any darkness within her. As I understand it, she barely escaped the crumbling world with the others. Normally when a dreamer awakes, his world is left intact; however, when they are startled awake from a death in a dream, it shatters the world. I am grateful to have my team here safe, and we have Amelia and Ian to thank for it.
This should be a time for celebrating, yet all I can think about is that man and the desolate world that must be contained.
Zed lets go of Olivia and steps closer. Ian joins him. Once my brothers are close, I say, “I am afraid our work is not done for the day.”



The look on Seth’s face sets my heart racing. There’s something terribly wrong for him to be here like this, acting like his mother just died.
I thought we’d get to celebrate for a while. After all, we not only rescued Olivia, we stopped the Erobos’ attempt to control Nabeel, at least I hope we did. No one will really tell me if he is okay, and I’m a little miffed about it.
Since we arrived at headquarters, Zed hasn’t taken his eyes off Olivia. They’ve stolen a few kisses when they thought no one else was looking, but I couldn’t stop myself from staring. For a man who is so obviously in love, Zed’s actions don’t make much sense. Why hasn’t he converted her, or whatever it is these Oneiroi do? I understand it’s a big decision, but at some point, he better make it. I wasn’t the only one Daegan had his sights on.
Everybody keeps changing the subject when I bring it up, as if I can’t handle hearing the truth. I’m tougher than they think I am. Besides, we can still help Nabeel if we need to. It isn’t as though he’s a lost cause, not like that other guy Seth visited tonight.
Maybell told me that Seth had to close a world tonight. She said the man was Seth’s friend and that he used to be a member of the team that turned. Such a sad day this has become. For not the first time, I wonder how many bright days these people get.
They are outnumbered on an epic scale, but still they press on. They act as though failure is just part of the job, but how much failure can a person take before they give up? It still floors me to think all these people are here to protect Earth. Considering they’ve lost their own worlds to the Erobos makes the thought even more astounding. They work nonstop to save a race that would probably lock them up in some science lab for study, or even dissection, if ever given the opportunity.
I’d like to think I’d be here with them if I’d lost my world, but I don’t know if I’m that selfless. Maybell steps closer to me and clasps my hand. Giving a gentle squeeze, she keeps her eyes trained on Seth.
She’s the first real friend I’ve ever had, and I’ve only just met her…not to mention she’s an alien. I don’t really know what that says about me. It would be comical if the situation wasn’t this bleak.
Seth finally decides to tell us what our new job will be. “When I was showing Amelia around earlier, she brought my attention to something unusual about Turner’s Corner.”
Ian’s shoulder’s slump. “You had me going there for a minute. I thought you were going to tell us the Erobos had found a way through the Dreamscape.”
Seth’s face stays calm. He doesn’t even berate his brother for interrupting him. Instead he says, “You’re not far off, Ian.”
Zed shifts out of Olivia’s hold completely, glancing back at her with softened eyes, before he shifts his focus completely. “What have you found?”
“We’ve all overlooked the man sitting at the top of that volcano, day after day, thinking him addled. He looked at me today.”
The silence of the moment presses in on me as we wait for Seth to continue.
“He is Sibylline.”
All eyes turn to me, as if I did something to cause this…Sibylline guy to ruin their world. I glance at Seth, whose expression is like me reading Arabic. “What?” I ask. “What does that even mean? He can read minds?”
“He is like you, Amelia,” whispers Maybell, as if she’s saving her voice for something important.
“And?” I ask when she doesn’t continue.
Surprisingly, Ian is the first to speak. “Sibyllines can only be inside the Dreamscape if called here. None of us has done so with this man.”
It doesn’t take me long to make the connection, but I need to know I’m right. “So he’s Erobos?”
“He is human,” says Seth. “But Erobos are controlling him. He has lost all humanity. Only darkness shows through his soul lights.”
“Soul lights?”
Seth stares at me. “Eyes.”
“Is he, like, possessed or something?”
“Yes…by the Eros, the beings that created the Erobos.”
I tilt my head back, my mind whirring and my heart stuttering. Maybell slides an arm around my shoulders. “It will be okay, Amelia. Don’t worry.”
Her attempt to comfort me is appreciated, but the raw edge of fear has already sliced its way into my veins. Even though I have no reference point for most of what I’m being told, I know enough to get that this is bad…that we’re sort of screwed.
“What now?” I ask her.
“Now, I must take you back,” says Seth, inching closer.
I spin away from him. “I can help.”
“You will be no good to us if the Erobos get you.”
I take a deep breath, attempting to settle the nerves in my gut. “You are the one that shouldn’t go. What if they get you?” I ask. “In the scheme of things, you are way more important than me. What if this is a trap set for you? What are Eros and why are they worse than the regular guys?”
Ian’s gaze pulls mine to him. He’s studying me as if I’m Fort Knox and he’s Billy the Kid come to perpetrate his greatest heist ever. When he speaks, his voice comes out dark, haunted even. “She’s right. No Oneiroi should return to that world.”
“It must be closed,” hisses Seth. “You were not there. You did not see his soulless eyes.”
“Let me do it,” I suggest, making myself as tall as I can manage.
“No,” says Seth. Finality in one syllable.
I glance around for anyone willing to take my side. Ian’s there. Maybell is still a question, but she seems to be considering it. Zed strokes his beard as if it’s a lazy cat clinging to his chin. Olivia’s eyes are huge. Considering that she had to hide in a dream world for weeks to escape the Erobos, I don’t exactly blame her for not wanting to jump on board.
“I’ll go with her,” says Kelsby, his three chins jiggling in time with his words.
“I’m in,” says Maybell.
“It can’t be done,” says Seth. “It takes two Oneiroi to completely shut down a world. Even if I was willing to let you risk it, it would be a futile endeavor.”
I give him a hard stare. “Just tell me what to do.”
His jaw clenches before he speaks. “We don’t have time, and you do not have the power—”
Zed speaks up. “She is capable, brother.”
Seth huffs. “I have not claimed her. She is not yet my mate.”
Ian smirks and Seth’s face snaps toward him. A low growl emanates from Seth. He curls around me, grasping my arm, pulling my back taut against him.
Seeing Seth this possessive of me is sort of unbelievable. On a really strange level it’s wicked sexy that he wants me so badly, yet it takes all my concentration to not stiffen in his arms. He’s totally freaked out right now, and I need him to listen to me. I need him to trust me.



I’m two seconds away from throttling my brother to the ground. He’s pushing me on purpose, testing my resolve with Amelia. Is he so desperate for a companion that he wants to steal mine?
Deep-seeded hurts attempt to rise to the surface, but I push them back to the abyss they’ve dwelt in since Rhea betrayed me. Ian was not involved in that betrayal in any way and he doesn’t deserve the venom of old pain to be released upon him. He was the purest of us at the time, he and Peter.
Surprisingly enough, Amelia has not chastised me for my overbearing display. She has not said a word, in fact, which worries me. Have I pushed her too far?
Ian clasps my shoulder. “Forgive me. I assumed we were having a bit of fun, like in the old days.” He gives a gentle squeeze. “Zed is right.”
Amelia’s heart accelerates. She wants this, most likely to prove her value. She is already priceless to me. “I cannot lose her,” I say.
She turns in my arms. “She is right here, so you can stop talking about me as if I’m not. You said yourself to be turned a person has to embrace the darkness. I have no intention of sticking around long enough to hold onto anything, let alone darkness. You said I was made for this life. Let me live it.”
She is amazing. “I have not shown you how to use your powers. You are unprepared for this kind of task.”
“It’s not like I have to do it alone. Maybell and Kelsby can help me along. You know I’m right.”
I slide my fingers through her hair and cup her cheek. “Knowing and accepting are not the same thing.”
“If we fail, you can step in, but we have to try. Think about it, Seth. How is it that you were never curious about this Sibylline? How long have you been using his portal? How long has he had to study you?”
I flinch, my fear ratcheting up with my decision now made. “Very well, but if you run into any trouble, you must leave immediately. No heroics. Agreed?”
She sticks out her hand, smiling. “Agreed. They won’t touch me. You have my word.”
I hold her hand tight to my chest. “Before you go, I’d like to speak to you in my office.” Kelsby’s eyes shift to Maybell, no doubt for help in convincing me it is time for them to go. Once he gets something in his head he is difficult to dissuade. Maybell nods at me and smiles, leaving Kelsby to pout. “Amelia will be along shortly.”
With that said, I pull Amelia through the crowd toward my office. They step aside and smile at my companion. Her fingers slide around mine, but they tremble slightly. I must not overreact to her fear, as hope hides just beneath. She can handle herself well in difficult situations. My team is right, yet this is agony for me to allow.
Ian moves toward the hallway and I race him to it, pulling Amelia to my side. Her eyes flare wide as she gulps.
She looks between me and my brother, her expression darkening. “What’s going on with you two?”
I say, “Ian was just leaving” as he says, “I wanted to thank you, Amelia.”
Her brows furrow at him. “For what?”
He lowers his head in a nod. “An enjoyable evening.” He gives me a nod as well before he struts through the crowd toward Zed.
Ian will have to be dealt with, but Amelia is my only concern at the moment. Placing my arm around her shoulders, I usher her to my office and plant her in the nearest seat.
She doesn’t take her eyes off me as I make my way around the desk. Where should I start with her? “You’ve shown yourself to be more talented than I could have ever imagined. Thank you for helping Zed.” I shift in my seat, trying to find a comfortable position.
“I’m not sure I did anything to really help him. It seems like all I really did was piss off Daegan.”
“It’s not you, he is possessed by the anger he once sought to consume.”
She frowns. “Huh? That sounds like something out of a fortune cookie.”
I smile despite the gravity of the topic. “Yes, well, wisdom comes from the same source, no matter the speaker.”
“Haha,” she says, smiling. “Do it again.”
“Amelia, this is serious.”
“Yeah? Well, I’ve got news for you. My whole life has been one serious mess, so forgive me for trying to lighten the mood.”
She’s right. I should not impede her need for humor. “Sorry. Tell me when you are ready to discuss a few things.”
She leans back in her seat, swinging her crossed leg like we’re here for a pleasant chat. I close my eyes and take a deep breath, soaking in her radiance. My need for her is all consuming at times.
Her voice disturbs my reverie. “I have a few things I’d like to talk to you about, too.”
I give her a nod. “Very well. I shall defer to you then.”
She smiles, shaking her head, her dark hair swishing about her shoulders. “First of all, I need to know more about the Erobos. Daegan, in particular, seems to want me. He showed up like he knew I would be there.”
Might as well get this out of the way. “After the tragic loss of Volos and the medical crew that tried to save him, Daegan was the first to convert to Erobos. None of us knew of his growing desire for dark emotions.”
Her head cocks to the side as she picks at the leather at her wrist. “What do you mean?”
This is a conversation I have been avoiding. She will think less of me when I am finished telling her of our needs. “Oneiroi have a symbiotic relationship with humans.”
She stiffens. “How so?”
A light rap sounds at the door. My gaze shifts to Amelia. “Excuse me.”
She shrugs.
Her stare settles on my back like soft afternoon rays of sunlight. Her presence comforts me, as well as excites me.
Maybell stands there, wringing her hands. “Zed said I should come get you. He said we should really get going.”
I sigh. I have not explained what I need to, but Zed is right. We should not delay. I will have to share my secrets with Amelia later. Zed most likely thought I wanted to say goodbye to her in private. Normally, that is exactly what I would do, but not today. Today I need to stake my claim. Let my brothers and all be witness to who holds the wielder’s heart.
I take Amelia’s hand and lift her from her chair. “We will finish our conversation later.”
She nods and glides along with me to the outer office. Once we are near the elevators, I pull Amelia to a stop. Resolve slides onto her features. I squeeze her hand and press a kiss to her fingertips. “Be safe.”
She speed hugs me and is yanking Maybell toward the elevator before I can comment further. For a moment I am swept away by the wrongness of this situation. I’ve only just found her. We’ve only just started our lives together. How can I stand here and not intervene?
Unfortunately, some things are more important than relationships and needs. Some things must be done regardless of risk.
“Wait,” I find myself saying.
She turns a fraction to shake her head at me, but I’m at her side in moments. I yank her into my arms, tilt her head back, and crash my lips against hers. Her scent, her aura, surrounds me, cocooning me in her essence. I take more liberties than I should. Amelia holds on to me yet doesn’t completely respond. I ache for her in this moment. Too soon, I let her go.
Kelsby chuckles and Maybell blushes blue. All else falls away but Amelia’s face. “Come back to me,” I say, my voice a hushed command.
She nods and slips away. How I will survive this expedition I have no idea, but I must let her do this. I must trust her.
Once they are in the elevator, I turn to the rest of my team. “Monitor her. Alert me if anything untoward should happen. I shall be in my office.”







Seth’s kiss still lingers on my lips. I should be embarrassed with how many people witnessed his rather public display of affection, yet I can’t quite get myself to care what any of them think.
He took me off-guard. I couldn’t even move right. When I get back, I’ll show him how I really wanted to react. Seth is in my blood now. It’s like he’s a part of me I’ve only just discovered.
Despite my recent bravado, my heart can’t quite figure out how to beat right. I glance at Maybell, who stares at me like a proud mother with a full-fledged smile on her face.
I return her smile, if a little guarded. “So what do we do first?” I ask, a tad breathless still.
Kelsby shifts his rotund upper half so he’s not squishing me quite as badly before he says, “We must stop in the munitions chamber for supplies. After that, we need to go over a few things.”
“Like?” I prod, impatient with the slow progress of the elevator.
Maybell sniggers behind her hand.
His eyes find mine void of humor, as we descend to a lower level. “We must give you a crash course on evading Erobos.”
I shake my head. “I’m good. Seth already trained me in how to run away.”
Maybell laughs. Her tone darkens theatrically, somehow reminding me of a pirate. “Nothing can train you for Erobos. They are insidious creatures full of harpy ways.”
I frown at her, scratching my arm where the hairs have unexpectedly risen. “Harpy ways?”
She hunches toward me, her eyes narrowing the closer she gets. “Just when you least expect it, they swoop in on you, ready to snatch bits of your soul.” On the word ‘snatch’ her fingers whisper over the back of my neck, eliciting a nervous jump from me.
Even though she’s joking, a slithering chill meanders through me. That doesn’t sound too great. “I happen to like my soul the way it is.”
Her face hovers just above mine as her cool breath sweeps my hair out of my face. All joking is gone. “Remember, darkness cannot exist where light resides. Light repels the darkness until it is no more.”
Chills race down me as the truth of her statement settles into my heart. I touch her forearm. “The Erobos will have to find a different target. I’m already accounted for.”
She pats my hand. “That’s what we’re all counting on, Amelia. You are our only hope.”
I lean back and she does the same. “No pressure, though?” I say around a squeezed laugh.
Kelsby grunts and we finally reach our next destination. A syrupy ding rings out before the elevator doors slide open, revealing a vast room full of makeshift cupboards and closets.
Where I expected superhero gear, what I’ve got are revolutionary war rejects. Odds and ends of discarded parts litter the floor in piles while remnants of enormous shells line the walls.
Fortunately, Maybell seems to know where she’s going, bypassing the majority of trash heaps. If this is their idea of munitions, we’re in trouble. I’ve about had my fill of rotting metal au de toilette when Maybell leads us down another corridor.
My hopes rise with every step we take away from the military graveyard. This part of the space is brightly lit with a thin strip of blue light tracing the floorboards. Every so often the lights crisscross the hallway then sweep up our bodies and back down again.
“What is that?” I ask, shaking off the unpleasant feeling of being violated.
“Security,” says Kelsby, making me wonder just what he means. He ambles behind us, surprisingly keeping up. His body is such a conundrum, but I don’t have time for puzzles right now. When I do have some time, I’m going to ask him about his world.
I give a nod and decide it’s time to be quiet.
We come to a steel door, or maybe it’s titanium. Whatever it is, it lifts out of the way as if it’s made of air. How they can raise a two-feet-thick twenty-by-twenty door is impressive, but what lays beyond takes my breath.
A myriad of dizzying lights in every color call my attention. There are glowing orbs, guns, knives, swords, handheld cannons, and a bunch of things I don’t know how to name. “Whoa,” I say, taking it all in.
“Indeed,” says Kelsby. “We’ve depleted in numbers, but we still have some advantages. Don’t touch anything,” he warns before he faces Maybell. “You get the charges. I’ll look for something suitable for Amelia to wield.”
My fingers curl around a wicked-looking rifle with twin rows of glowing yellow lights inset along the sides. The shiny metal is etched with swirly designs that my eyes want to trace and my fingers itch to hold. “This should do quite nicely.”
Kelsby glances back at me, his eyes widening in alarm, but before he can say anything I curl my palm around the grip and test the weight and fit. “It’s a little long, but I think I can manage.” The thing bleeps then burps, hissing out a gusty puff before one exaggerated beep cuts through the air, followed by a blast that knocks me on my rear. I try to toss it away, but my hand is stuck to the grip. Shrugging, I raise my gaze to Kelsby, who shakes his head at me.
“I told you not to touch anything.”



Ian follows me to my office. His pensive eyes relay a message I’m not sure I want to hear. He wisely avoids discussing my interaction with Amelia. “Daegan nearly had her, Seth.”
Giving a nod, I swallow around the thickness in my throat. Ian is probably exaggerating, but what if he isn’t? I remind myself that Amelia was never in any real danger. I made every precaution to keep her safe. “What happened?”
He shrugs, running a hand through his dark hair. “Zed got careless. He’d never admit it, but he let her approach a dreamer unaccompanied. By the time I got to the area, she was already in the building. I beat her to the dreamer, but only by moments.
“They were everywhere. Zed’s desire to save Olivia just about cost you your recruit. She is your recruit, is she not?”
I take a seat at my desk and motion for Ian to do the same. “How can I blame him?” I say, even though my insides bubble with anger. Zed and I will have words this night.
“That’s not an answer, brother.”
A sigh escapes me. “Aye, Ian, she is my recruit.”
He nods; still, the interest has not left his eyes. “Why have you not claimed her?”
I nearly growl out my response. “The deed will be done shortly.”
Clasping the arms of his chair, he leans forward, his eyes bright with intensity I’ve not seen in him in centuries. “See that it is, or I will not be held accountable for my actions.”
I press my hands against the desk and stand, leaning toward him. “Don’t even think about it, Ian. She is mine.”
He stands as well. “Prove it.”
A knock sounds at the door before it swings open. Zed walks in, takes a look at the two of us. and groans. “You two need to rethink your priorities.”
“You should talk,” says Ian, settling back into his chair.
Zed occupies the one next to him and clasps his hands at his lap. “Tell us more about the Sibylline.”
What is there to tell? “I’ve never felt his life force in all the time I’ve been to that world. I use it often—”
Zed cuts in. “I use it on occasion, as well. Nothing seemed untoward.”
“Never been there,” says Ian, but it’s unlikely considering how often he shows up in my territories. I lift my brows at him and he caves. “Okay, maybe a time or two, but it’s damned near hell trudging through there. Who has time to notice anything other than locating a portal?”
I stare at Ian a moment, wondering what he means, until I’m distracted by Zed fiddling with his beard again. I’ve no idea just how long he will grow the thing, but it is unseemly. Perhaps Olivia will protest enough to entice him to remove it. He already knows my opinion on the matter. After a moment he says, “We must eradicate Erobos from the Dreamscape once and for all.”
I scoff. “And how do you suggest we accomplish the task? Erobos grow in numbers day by day, forging a clear path for the destroyers, while we shrivel like dried-up husks in the sand.”
“We cannot accomplish the task, brother. Your Amelia, on the other hand, is a different story. She shows remarkable control for one so young, not to mention her presence is extraordinary. I dare to think when she is physically in the Dreamscape we would have a weapon no Erobos or even Eros could overcome.”
My pulse jumps then rockets to my ears. I make myself stay seated. “She needs more training. She has not faced the darkness, Zed. She is not ready.”
“She is smarter than you give her credit for. I’ll wager she can handle much more than you would like to admit.”
The words spill out of me like a breached dam. “I love her. I can’t lose her.”
Ian stands up, pacing the glowing line of displays and monitors at my back. He laughs.
Needing a distraction, I spin my chair around for a better view. Most of the monitors are lifeless. My gaze is drawn to Amelia immediately. She’s testing out a weapon. A new model that is life force activated. Even in her dream state she has not only activated the thing, she has charged it for hours with one touch.
Zed strokes his beard. If he does it again, I’ll punch him. “My point is made, gentlemen.”
To my surprise, Ian frowns. “This time, I’ve got to agree with Seth. She’s not ready.”
His eyes shift away from me. I may just have to belt each of my brothers in turn. Before I can say anything else, Amelia has set a charge off that blows a hole in the wall opposite her, narrowly missing Kelsby’s head.
Zed’s brows raise, but that’s the only sign he’s noticed her mistake. “Your personal feelings for the girl must be set aside. Both of you. She could change the course for us. She could recover our brothers.”
My gaze darts to his. “I said no. We’ll find another way.”
Zed stares at the screen, where Amelia attempts to fling the rifle from her hand. He chuckles where I scowl. “You may not have the last word in this case. Your woman is more than capable of making this choice herself.”
My woman. That’s right. My breath hitches at the thought. She is mine. I merely have to convince her.



Kelsby lumbers toward me, his shoulders sliding from side to side like a pendulum. With the way he moves, he should have sixteen-pack abs, not a jelly-filled donut around his middle. Some things just don’t make sense.
His plump fingers slide under my hand then twist at an unnatural angle that makes me cringe. He pulls me to my feet while his fingers are still working. “Almost got it,” he says as a click sounds. “There.”
The gun drops into his outstretched fingers, powering down instantly.
“Sorry,” I say, eyeing the gaping hole across from me. “I promise not to touch another thing.”
“See that you keep that promise, girl. Some weapons don’t have safety mechanisms.”
And that one did? Comforting. “So…” Having learned my lesson, I rifle through the rest of the space with my eyes instead of my fingers. Nothing ever blew up from just looking at it, I hope. “The swords are cool.”
He doesn’t hesitate in shooting my hopes to smithereens. “Not an option this go around, I’m afraid.” He picks up a blade and slices it through the air.” It hisses right by my ear. He smiles, I frown. As he lowers the sword into its sheath, he shows me more of his chipped teeth. “Not to worry. I’ll locate something suitable. Just give me a moment.”
Shouldn’t be too hard. The place is full of stuff. “I know how to shoot a gun,” I tell him.
He waves me off. “Guns from the mortal world are not tantamount to guns in the Dreamscape.”
“How so?”
“Each Erobos is different. Some house multiple Eros, while others hold merely one. Finding their weakness takes skill you have yet to learn. Since they are trapped in the Metaspace, they use astral travel to enter the Dreamscape. Energy is much harder to pin down than physical matter. Because they are dark, they move in direct opposition to light. As fast as you chase, they retreat or vice versa.”
“But I thought they possess the Oneiroi. Doesn’t that mean they have some light within them?”
“Alas, too true, miss. They contain the core of Oneiroi life force. It is how they maneuver the Dreamscape at all; however, they have kept their advantage of flight, being able to fractionate until they are like dust on the wind, only to form again moments later.”
Did he just say what I think he did? “You mean they can come apart and back again at will?”
He smiles. “Precisely.”
Doesn’t sound too great to me.
“As Maybell said, darkness cannot reside where light exists. It is an impossibility. They are opposing forces, destined to be bedside brothers.”
“Okay. So how do they get an Oneiroi to switch to dark? This really doesn’t make much sense to me.”
His expression turns thoughtful before he rests a hand on my shoulder. “This is a question that has long eluded us. Oneiroi crave light, but they react to all emotion.”
“How do you mean?”
“Amelia, this would take me a lifetime to explain, and even then I could not do it justice. The simple answer will not be one you will like.”
I shake my head. “If I’m to deal with these creatures, I need to know.”
He nods, only fractionally. “Oneiroi feed off human emotions. This is how they maintain their power. Light is their preference, but darkness is their drug. With the state of your world declining to darkness, most have fallen. Only the valiant remain.”
They tempt. They tame. They torture. Isn’t that what Seth told me? I try to ignore the sinking fear that weighs against my stomach like a stone. I can do this. I have to do this. No more Oneiroi can fall. Not if I have anything to say about it, which brings me back to the task at hand. “Kelsby?”
He barely glances at me, as he moves from row to row, eyeing the strange weaponry. “Mmm?”
“Can we really do this on our own?”
His head swivels around while his body remains fixed. “We must, my girl.”
The heavy weight of our mission settles over me. It would be much easier to have Seth with me to guide me, but the idea of him being taken is just too horrible to consider.
As much as he desires to protect me, I need to keep him safe. He’s the only person I have left. The only person who knows me, who cares about me. I should be horrified by his needs, but it really doesn’t bother me. Seth said the Oneiroi have a symbiotic relationship with humans. That has to mean they give and take.
The dark side of his power has not eluded me, though. What if they take too much? What happens to the humans then?
I need to pay attention. I need to learn. I no longer want to escape back to the human realm, but I do want to protect them. I just hope there is a way to reverse the course the Oneiroi have taken. With only four of them left to protect Earth, they must be protected in turn.
I will do anything and everything I can, but I must also look for a way to completely cut off the Netherworld from Earth. It will be a last resort, but if there was one thing I learned from Justine, it was to always have a backup plan.
Kelsby lumbers over to me, holding a strap of leather in his hand. Without a single word he hands it to me.
I eye him speculatively. “A slingshot?”
He places a dozen or so silver orbs into my hand. “More or less.”
“Thanks for the confidence,” I deadpan.
“The size of the weapon means little, Amelia. What you hold in your hand is more powerful than the rifle you wielded.”
Right. I nod anyway, letting him keep his lie.
He pats my hand. “Ready to go?”
“Sure.”
Maybell laughs. “You don’t sound sure, Amelia.”
I give her a squirrely grin. “Confidence comes with practice, right?”
“Right, ho,” says Kelsby. “Let us depart.”



Now that Amelia’s gone, I remember my question for Ian. When I glance at him, his eyes are locked to the monitor, to the last spot Amelia occupied.
“Ian?” I say.
He blinks a few times before he glances at me. “I’m sorry, Seth. She is breathtaking.”
I grit my teeth and sigh. Words mean nothing when actions fail to back them. The first chance I get I shall begin a search for a recruit for Ian, since he is too dark to do the deed himself. If only he hadn’t waited so long.
I choose to nod at his compliment. “She is that. Back to the issue at hand?”
He cracks his knuckles. “Yes. We must discover what Daegan wants with her. She is incorruptible in her current state.”
Zed strokes his beard, and a twitch starts in my cheek. “You must shave that thing, Zed. It is grotesque.”
He smiles. “Flimsy whiskers make you jealous, my brother.”
Ian snorts, and I laugh. “You are welcome to yours, Zed. I prefer to feel a woman’s flesh against mine."
Ian’s expression darkens and mine quickly follows. He has no claim to her. He did not seek her out. He did not court her for years, and he did not risk all to traverse the mortal realm to bring her here.
Speaking of traversing. “Ian, I meant to ask you a question before.” When I have his full attention, I move forward. “You spoke of the Sibylinne’s world as if it was unpleasant—”
His immediate scoff cuts me off. “Hell is a better description.”
Zed frowns. “How so?”
Ian looks between the two of us as if we are past addled. “It must be fifty below. I can never have enough layers to keep me warm. Whoever that man is, he has to be nearly fully present in his dream state.”
Ian has always had a deeper connection to the physical world of dreams, but his description is so off the mark, I wonder if we are discussing the same world. “It is a desert. How could you possibly be cold?”
Zed nods while Ian’s frown deepens. “Desert? It is a tundra, not thawed for millions of years, or I am a toad.”
Without another word, I turn to the monitors. We have to be discussing different places, yet trepidation spikes against my pulse.
I make no attempt at conversation while I search for the world. Once found, I bring it on screen. All is as it should be. The parched earth stretches for miles, save the one enormous peak at the center of the landscape.
Ian stands and moves to the monitor. His eyes eat up the scene. “It is similar, but this is not what I’ve experienced. The glaciers are so thick they shift in waves with every eruption.”
I glance at Zed. “Ian, that volcano has lain dormant for years, maybe centuries.”
“It must be a different world. The eruptions come nearly every year now.”
I join Ian in front of the monitors. As I study the scene, the dreamer atop the volcano does not move. I zoom the image until his face takes up the screen. His lips move as before while red rings line his unblinking eyes. He should be at rest, yet he seems wearier than I am. His lips hold a blue tinge I’ve never noticed before, and his breath puffs out before him in a wispy fog.
“Zed, do you see that?” I whisper, as if to not disturb the unraveling illusion.
“Aye, brother, I do.”
My mind recoils from the image as it transforms into a perfect reflection of Ian’s memory. It is a wasteland to be sure, but the world is white, save for the smoldering lava bubbling under the dangling feet of the dreamer.
“We must go after her,” I say, breathless.
Ian nods, but Zed merely gapes, horror registering in his eyes. “Is this dreamer an Orphic?”
My entire world twists sideways. Orphics are bred to deceive. My brothers don’t say another word. We switch to empathic communication. It will take too much effort to communicate any other way.
While Ian gathers supplies, I debrief my team. I will need all of them tonight. Zed says his goodbyes to Olivia, while she protests, insisting she come with us. We cannot risk it. As it is, we put the entire team in danger one way or another, yet it cannot be helped.
I have no time to research the image. After a few minutes of teamwork, Micharrach, my tech specialist, pounds his desk. “I’ve got it! Mount Erebus in Antarctica.”
My heart sinks. “What?”
His scaly face still registers his excitement. “You remember? We worried over the name over a century ago.”
My thoughts slide backwards until I recall the moment. A man christened two ships, dooming the crew on each to a horrible death simply because of the names he chose. The Erebus was one. The Terror was the other. Both condemned from the start, yet they ended up naming two of the volcanos in the area after those ships.
In the end, we didn’t think much of this naming because the place was so inhospitable, nothing but a polar bear could reside there, and even then that was questionable. Yet now, I see the hand of Daegan in this naming. He has been playing a game with me and he just made another move. Human technology has caught up with his designs.
The insidious nature of the Erobos never ceases to amaze me. They are a patient breed. Their cankerous nature has spread throughout humanity until it has blighted history. They have instilled falsehoods in every stronghold they’ve taken.
Once my team is set, I join Ian and Zed at the elevator. We make no pretense of socializing, each of us steeling ourselves for the battle to come.
We hop from world to world until we are one world away. Peter waits for us at the portal, his disheveled hair and torn clothing alarming.
“Only two of us should go in,” I say.
“Agreed,” says Ian, “but you should stay behind.”
Anger clogs my veins, making my heart stutter. “She is my recruit, Ian. I will be going.”
“We should all go,” says Peter. “I’ve been monitoring the situation, and if Daegan succeeds, we are all doomed anyway. Better to go out with a blaze than die as an ember on the wind.”
Ian steps toward Peter, taking a torn fragment of his jacket in hand. “What the devil has happened to you?”
Peter grunts. “Catch up is for later. We all go…now.”







Ice blasts into me the minute we materialize. I glance at the portal, shivering, then find the shimmering peak in the distance. Everything looks the same, except now this place is covered in blue ice that manages to appear colder than it is. When I attempt to change the scenery, I am blocked. My head pounds from the flash of anger the dreamer sends to me.
Maybell takes my hand and pulls me closer. At her touch, my connection to the dreamer severs. She slaps my back, then my shoulder before she flicks a spike at my wrist. My gear transforms from leather to fur in an instant. My boots grow spikes and gloves appear on my hands.
“Thanks,” I tell her, wishing she didn’t have to look after me so much.
“My pleasure, Amelia. When we get some downtime, I’ll show you the sequences to change your gear.”
I nod. “What the hell is going on? The last time Seth and I were here, I was looking at a broken-up desert. It wasn’t exactly hot, but it was nothing like this.”
“If I had to guess, I’d wager the dreamer has shifted his focus.”
I lift my eyes to the horizon and follow it to the lone peak waiting for us to climb. Those spikes might just come in handy.
“Where do we set the charges?”
Kelsby shrugs. “There are three portals on this world. This one should be easily managed. The other two will be more difficult.”
Of course. Never let it be said anything came easy to me. “Where are they?”
Kelsby hesitates, but Maybell plods forward after taking a hasty breath. “The one you used with Seth shifts with the landscape, so it is harder to locate, but the last…well, it resides in the crater.”
“Inside the crater?” I ask, not quite believing what I heard.
Kelsby nods. “Quite right. We’re wasting time, young’uns.”
I stare at him. “Just where did you pick up your lingo?”
He smiles. “I’ve enjoyed American cinema since inception.”
No wonder he can’t seem to stick with an accent or century. He’s an odd duck, but I’m beginning to like him. I reach inside for my best John Wayne. Justine could do him perfectly…me, not so much. My voice can’t reach that low. “Time’s a waistin’, buckaroo. We best head on out.”
Kelsby gives me a grin before he tosses a lit-up ball at the portal we just exited. “Up and out,” he yells before his skinny legs buckle under him and spring him into the air like a jackrabbit on the moon. He lands thirty yards away and springs again.
Maybell yells for me to run, but I’m already moving. The air thickens as a sickening crack blasts out behind us followed by a sonic boom that ricochets past me. The blast sends me sprawling. I bring my arms up to brace myself, but when I land, I slide a good hundred feet. Maybell catches my upper body before I can scrabble to my feet and hauls me against her skinny frame.
“Thanks,” I say while sending daggers toward the bouncing toad that has managed to spring his way out of view. “He could have given us fair warning,” I grumble.
Maybell laughs. “Kelsby has a dark side, Amelia. Don’t ever doubt it.”
“Gotcha,” I say, still hoping my ears will stop ringing.
By the time we catch up to Kelsby he’s setting another charge. “Wait,” I yell, but he tosses the explosives into the open portal.
I crouch into a ball and steel myself against the blast. Maybell curls around me as if I’m nine. I don’t mind so much considering she’s just saved me from getting buried under flying ice chunks.
Kelsby’s laugh reverberates along the ice. “I live for days such as these.”
Wobbling, I stand up. “You’re sick,” I tell him. “Just sick, maybe even bonkers. You’ve only left us the portal that happens to be in a boiling volcano.”
His grin stretches along his broad features. “That way, no one can sneak up on us.”
“How do you propose we blow up that portal, Kel? Isn’t gravity against us? Not to mention the guy sitting up there. What if he’s dangerous? What if he doesn’t want us to blow up his portal?”
“I don’t believe a single soul has called me Kel.” He shoots me a thumb’s up. “I like it. Has a certain ring to it.”
I walk up to him and plant my nose dangerously close to his. “How the hell are we going to get out of here now? Throwing a charge into a gaping hole makes a lot more sense than trying to make an upside-down basket.”
Maybell steps between me and the big guy. “Amelia is right. You may have acted a bit rash.”
His gaze bounces between the two of us. “Where’s your sense of adventure? We can do this! And now, we have the motivation!”
“What we have is a hot mess,” I say.
Kelsby doesn’t comment as Maybell takes her first step up the mountainside. I follow close behind her, wondering how in the world this thing got so out of control.
Our journey consists of circling back and forth on barely-there ledges, attempting to find crevices in the ice to latch on to. The initial adrenaline of the climb wears out fast. Somehow I hoped we’d have superpowers or at least ice picks. As it is, digging in with my boots and gloves has my digits stinging.
I’m not about to complain though. Truth is, I need some time to figure out how to handle this. Seth is trusting me here. I’ve got to show him my worth. Screw that. I’ve got to show myself my worth. I don’t give in easily, but I’ve never been able to be part of a team.
It shouldn’t be that big of a deal, but somehow even just thinking about failing blisters my insides. The idea of failure is not acceptable, but the haunting aftertaste lingers in my mind, instilling doubt.
Maybell looks back at me, smiling in that motherly way of hers. I smile back, but in my next attempt to climb, my fingers slip, leaving me grasping at air. For one horrible moment I’m pretty sure I’m going to wake up in Seth’s library having been proven wrong, but Maybell catches my hand and pulls me back up.
Staggered heartbeats pound in my head while my chest heaves to take in enough breath. That was close. Good thing for me, close wasn’t enough to derail this dream.
From that moment on, I concentrate with my whole heart. I’m dying to reach that summit. I don’t care what that guy is or why he’s there. I need this. Dealing with him will be all frosting.
That guy is stone cold wrong. It shows in the ice coating this mountain. It shows in the red-tinted sky without a sun to speak of. It shows in the absolute lack of life. But worst of all, it shows in the volcano that bubbles and pops so loud the ruckus makes me want to cover my ears from only halfway up.
Kelsby is truly a walking conundrum. He’s so flexible he twists in ways that make my skin crawl. There are reasons joints have a stopping point. It’s just plain gross without it.
He swivels his head around and glances down on us. He’s at least a hundred feet above me and Maybell. I’m probably holding her back, but I appreciate her willingness to stay behind with me.
Kelsby might as well be flying with how fast he’s scaling the slippery slope. He’ll get to the top way before we do, which bothers me, considering his lack of judgment earlier.
I sort of wish I was carrying the explosives, but he insisted. Now I know why.
Seems I’m not the only one who’s a control freak. Maybe it’s a prerequisite for the job?
To my surprise, he hangs back just short of the top, watching our slow progress as if he’s grading us. If I wasn’t so focused on keeping myself on this mountain, I’d be giving him the bird, double barrels, for sure.
Maybell glances at me and chuckles. “You’ll get used to Kelsby. He’s overly dramatic at times, but he’s a keeper. I wouldn’t trade him for any other member of the team in this circumstance.”
I smirk. “I’ll take your word for it.”
She smiles then gets to it. Pretty soon, I’m lagging so far behind I can’t stand it. I kick it up a notch, ignoring the splintering pain that bursts from my shoulders to my belly button.
When I reach the last few feet, I can almost taste it. I’m nearly there, but my muscles scream for relief. I tell them to shut up and keep going.
Kelsby crosses over first, closely followed by Maybell. She stretches over the edge and grabs me when I’m two feet away. She hoists me up and all I want to do is take a breather, but I can’t.
The air thickens with darkness even though the sky is still light. I search for the source of the oppression and find two black orbs staring straight at me from a face so pale and cracked it should tumble to the ground from a breath.
The man’s sallow skin clings to his bones like aged leather, but that’s not the worst part. One of his ears has fallen off and the other one is coal black, matching his hands. Yet his eyes are the things that pin me where I stand.
Shadows swirl in them, as if I’m staring at twin black holes. The darkness expands until it encompasses his face then twists away from him like tendrils of a hellish flame. The spirals spread out and I back away, careful to stay clear of the cliff. I pull out my sling shot, wishing I had put up more of a fight back in Seth’s lair.
One thing’s for sure, Kelsby’s gonna hear about this later.



We reach the portal, yet it doesn’t ignite. Anger rises in my throat until a roar comes out of me. They’ve already blown the link.
My hands fist in my hair. Damn Kelsby. Why did I agree to send him?
Ian’s jaw twitches as he clenches his teeth. My fists bunch in response. He’s got too much invested in Amelia, but at this moment I’ll take any help I can get where she is concerned. If his desire for her will make him focus on bringing her back safely, I welcome the perceived competition. One day soon, I’m going to flatten my brother to the ground, but I have to reel in my temper…for now.
My only hope is we will reach the next portal before Kelsby can blow it.
Zed trudges up to me and clasps my shoulder. “Trust her.”
When he starts out, I follow, picking up speed, but Ian calls us back. “We need to use the failsafe.”
An involuntary gulp makes its way past the ball of nerves in my throat. Each of our worlds is equipped with a failsafe portal. It is easy to get out, but not back in. In the event Erobos ever took over a portal we would have a way to reach the next world without getting caught. If they managed to breech that portal, they would be in for a fight they could never win.
Ian’s right. Kelsby’s probably popped the other one already.
Too many risks, but we need to take them. “What do you think?” I ask Zed while Ian shakes his head at me. Peter stands away from us, looking at us as if we are strangers.
“I concur.”
“No more talking,” says Ian just before he takes off.
I’m in total agreement with him and follow closely behind. If anything happens to Amelia I will never recover. She is in my blood, but does she know this?
I have so much to teach her still. Damn the Erobos, and damn Daegan. He will regret his attempt to alter my recruit. He has no chance of capturing her.
Even if he managed to splinter Amelia’s soul, he would not have her. His strategy makes no sense. He would be better off to wait until she is physically present to risk such a thing.
There has to be more to his plan than taking Amelia, but I cannot allow myself to travel a dark path at this moment. I must keep focused on the reasons I chose my recruit.
It doesn’t take us long to reach the other portal; however, entering it will prove difficult.
Ian circles the pool, his eyes searching the blackened depths where dangers await those with darkness in their souls.
I swallow my own fear and look to Zed, who doesn’t show a single sign of nerves. Sure, he just got his recruit back, thanks to mine.
“Are you ready?” he asks.
I nod and Ian grunts.
“Let us depart,” says Zed moments before he dives through the crystalline surface, followed quickly by Peter. I push back my gnawing thoughts and follow, barely noticing Ian behind me.
The nymphs swirl around us, circling like sharks on the hunt. One detaches from the crowd and draws nearer. The beautiful face in front of me twists into a sultry grin that is somehow ruined by her razor-sharp teeth. She zips up to me, her black hair floating about her body like a widow’s veil.
I still myself, allowing her to appraise me. A single dark brow raises and her smile takes on an evil twist. A talon scrapes down my arm, drawing blood, and more nymphs circle closer.
I’m caught up in the sway of their movement and allow my thoughts to dip into darkness again. She shakes her head, sliding her talon along my cheek, and I stiffen. If I am not careful they will shred me where I stand.
Swallowing, I conjure Amelia in my thoughts. Her light, her purity, buoys me up. A smile spreads my mouth, and my heart pounds with her song.
When the nymph frowns at me, I smile wider. Breath is not an option, but I am in need of a different sustenance only Amelia can give me.
With a swift flick of her tail, the nymph leaves, taking the others with her. Ian can take care of himself. If he makes it through the portal, I will be stunned. If he doesn’t, we will have to take further precautions with him.
Either way, this test is a good litmus for us all. I should really thank Kelsby, and I might, after I throttle him.
The minute I’m through the barrier, I spring for the rim, not even taking a moment to search for Zed. Once on the surface of the crater, the scene disintegrates in fragments.
Amelia is ten feet away, Maybell right behind her. Kelsby is off a distance, but I’m not concerned for him. Amelia’s features are pulled in disgust, and I can only imagine what she sees until the dreamer spins around and smiles at me.
His voice is layered with the darkness of hell. His tongue lolls over his rotting teeth as he speaks, still counting. His presence pushes against me, threatening to steal my power, but I am prepared for him.
What I am not prepared for are the Eros he has inside him, and worse, the Eros that have escaped him already.
All hushes to movement. I lift my sword near my face, taking a breath to still my thoughts and ground my heart.
The first one flies at me, offering ghostly masks and vain wails as it dives for my face. I wait until it is inches from me and slice the air in a wide arc. It dashes away on the wind as another takes its place. Again and again I am bombarded with the entities of the damned.
I inch my way closer to where Amelia stands, but I can’t allow myself a moment to glance at her. One wrong move and I could be infiltrated.
Eros, even without a physical shell, can tempt, but they can also terrorize instantly. As if punctuating my thought, Kelsby screams while Maybell yells out obscenities.
Zed, I’m not too worried about. Peter has already begun dispatching the dark ones. He is the least affected by Erobos influence. Ian has yet to show himself. Perhaps it is better for the nymphs to push him back than for the Eros to have a shot at him.
I stagger closer to the dreamer, who stands statue like, allowing the Eros to rush out of him.
His skin has turned ashen. He will not be long in this world, of which I am grateful, but what is his intention? What has he planned?
I bypass more Eros, who are interested in Amelia anyway. “Hello,” I say to the walking corpse.
He doesn’t acknowledge me, still counting. For a moment I wonder if this is the countdown to oblivion for him, but then another thought hits me. What if he has kept track of the Eros he houses?
“Twenty-five thousand two hundred and two, twenty-five thousand two hundred and one, twenty-five thousand two hundred…”
He doesn’t even take a breath as he plods forward. I’m not waiting for him to get to zero. I lift my sword and slice through his neck. His head rolls away from his body with a sickening thud, followed by a gurgling hiss.
Not the best choice I’ve ever made. Hordes of Eros rush out of his body, both from his dismembered head and the rest of him.
I morph immediately, choosing the form of a dragon. My wings pump until I hover over the crater. Spikes line every inch of my skin and I use them to skewer as many Eros as possible with one simple swish of my tail.
Now that I’m airborne the scene becomes clearer. Amelia gapes at me, a leather strap dangling from her fingers.
“Move!” I yell at her, but as usual, she doesn’t listen to me.
At the last moment she loads a ball and hurls it toward the closest Eros. It takes seconds for the projectile to reach its mark, shattering it into tiny specs of smoldering ash. Kelsby must have a touch of sight. He’s given her one of the only weapons Eros cannot avoid. The blast is made to attach to dark energy, so it doesn’t matter if they disassemble.
She goes to work after that and so do I, my chest swelling with pride I impale more Eros. Once I take care of the immediate vicinity, I scan for the others.
Kelsby is in trouble. He’s got five Eros attached to him, his face drawn in the pleasure pain that brings a shiver to my spine.
I glide over to Maybell, who has her own set of Eros inching closer. These are stronger than usual and more determined. Letting out a battle roar, I tuck my wings and dive.



Seth’s a dragon…a stinking dragon. If I hadn’t seen him morph myself, I would have never believed it. It’s wicked cool, but I can’t focus on my desire to join him in the sky, not with these things hovering about like grim reapers on the hunt.
Kelsby showed me how to multiply my ammo by clicking a button on the side of the little balls. When I do, the ball vibrates before it splices like an out-of-control cell.
They have some kind of homing mechanism that latches on to darkness. I don’t know the technicalities, but I’m glad once I release them they do their job fairly quickly.
I’m trying to ignore the decapitated body lying mere feet from me because the goo coming out of him isn’t near as freaky as the wispy tendrils that solidify into grotesque creatures that shift form constantly.
If I make it out of here with my wits, I’m going to ask Seth more about them. Somehow, I doubt they come from the same sphere as humanoids.
They fly at me in hordes like locusts fleeing a storm, yet they are the storm. Darkness consumes the very air, even though light still penetrates the atmosphere.
I’m pushed back and back until I’m nearing the edge of the pit. Heat hisses up and suffocates me. A sulfurous fog follows the heat. When I glance into the void, a small scream escapes me.
“Seth,” I yell, whacking another Eros with an ignited ball. It disintegrates on impact, but more come. There are always more. “We’ve got issues here!”
Fire bursts forth from Seth’s mouth and sprays a line of writhing Eros. They vaporize, the only remains left floating on the stagnant air.
The volcano burps and Kelsby groans. I’ve lost track of him and Maybell, but I quickly locate him on the other side of the volcano. The horror of what’s happening to him leaves my mouth dry, bile rising up my throat. His entire body is covered in Eros. Their flimsy shells are solidifying right in front of me.
Thankfully, Maybell is fighting her way over to him. She’s a sight to behold with her rifle set tight against her shoulder. She sends forth another burst of bullets, popping the Eros near her like overgrown pimples.
I click the ball in my hand five times and load my sling. I grew up with a kid that thought it was funny to pummel my backside with pebbles on the way home from school. One of the only good memories I have of my dad was the day I came home with a black eye, because of that stupid kid.
He said the dummy probably had a crush on me, but the only thing his actions inspired was a firm desire to crush him.
My dad taught me to use the sling shot then. He worked with me for a few weeks until I could knock a beer can off our weather-worn fence with one shot. I even managed it a few times while shooting backwards. The next day, I got my revenge. All it took was one good hit to his shoulder and the boy ran home crying. We moved right after that, so I never saw him again, but I kept up my skills until I was in Junior High, just in case. Seems like a blessing now.
Once I seat the balls, I give a quick flick to the thong and release the tether. The balls race out, snatching one Eros in its quivering eye. The other balls find their marks not long after. Really, I think even if I didn’t know how to use a sling shot, these things would do their job.
Using my new technique, I make my way closer to Kelsby and Maybell. Zed, Seth, and some other guy are up to their hairlines in Eros, so they are really no use to us.
“What should I do?” I yell to Maybell.
She doesn’t look at me, but I can hear her just fine. “Don’t come over here, Amelia!”
“Just tell me what to do. I can help!”
She grunts. “We have to lure them away from him.”
“How!”
“Think of your worst moment then right after think of your best. It should be enough emotion to entice them.”
As she gives the instructions, my thoughts shift. The day I found Justine dead on the living room floor and the first time I kissed Seth for real. The air hums with electricity, making the hairs on my arms stand up.
One by one the things on Kelsby detach, rising into the air like shimmering wisps of smoke. They would be beautiful if not for the hideous images they take. It’s like watching a macabre dance of dismembered souls. Maybe that’s what they are.
They slither forward and I’m almost caught up in their trance. Their presence pushes against me. At first, it prickles then slides as if getting comfortable.
Unfortunately, I’ve been warned. Not bothering to take another look, I spin away and crash into something solid.
Electric eyes stare at me in a face so tempting I blink dumbly for a second.
“Amelia,” says Daegan softly, my name a ballad on his lips.
The air kicks up behind me as Seth lands. His thick hind legs barely have enough room on the rim. A growl comes out of him followed by smoke that burns my lungs. “Let her go, Daegan.”
He laughs. “Still attempting to rule me, brother?”
When I turn back to him, Seth is in his human form. He glares at Daegan. “You are no longer my brother. You have chosen to be my enemy.”
Daegan twists me around in his steely grip so I face Seth. His hands clasp in front of me, dangling near my breasts. His breath whispers across my neck and his voice comes out disappointed. “I have only ever been your brother. You were the one that betrayed me.”
Seth flinches. “An error I will never forget. It was a mistake. I was young.”
“You knew what you were doing and so did she.” Daegen presses me closer and Seth clenches his enormous jaw. “Is it not fair that I take the woman you love?”
“Rhea chose me. You didn’t do enough to keep her. Amelia should not pay for my transgression.”
“Transgression? You betrayed me. You left me for dead.”
Ice coats my mind. He has to be lying, but Seth isn’t arguing with him. My heart could not possibly beat any faster. My breaths puff out of me in staggered bursts. With Daegan this close, it is difficult not to give in to his pull. His presence both entices and terrifies me, and I wonder how long it would take until the fear slipped away.
“You hurt her, you will pray for death.”
Daegan laughs. He leans in and brushes his lips across my earlobe. Electricity ignites my belly and my head goes woozy. “Always one for drama, Seth. I have no intention of taking fair Amelia from you. Once she learns the truth, she will come to me.”
Like hell I will. With the discussion, Daegan has loosened his hold on me just enough for me to crack him in the ribs with my spike-covered elbow. Not wasting a second, I twist away from him, allowing Seth to pull me against him.
Daegan chuckles, tracing a line of dark blood that oozes from his side before he pulls his dampened finger into his mouth. Smiling, he dips his chin in a nod. A spot of blood remains on his lips. “Until we meet again, my lovely.”
I scowl at him as he disintegrates into the stagnant air. Only then do I see the hordes of shapeless Eros circling the volcano. I glance back at Seth. “What’s going on?”
His face is pale and pasty. “We need to leave.”



Daegan was a distraction. Thousands of Eros circle the volcano like an unholy tornado. Eros in their true nature cannot hold a solid shape. They need a host to maintain a form for any length of time.
Why are they here? What have they planned? Eros usually travel from one host to another through physical contact. There are too many here for even my four brothers and me to house. Amelia cannot absorb any of them in her current state, but the rest of us can. Even though they could not infiltrate her, she could be tainted. They could diminish her light and I will not allow that.
Several Eros still cling to Kelsby. If we are able to save him, he will need weeks to recover. I should have never allowed a single member of my team to accomplish a task that I am responsible to complete. No matter how much they train, they will never be Oneiroi. There is only one way to become like me, and I can only choose one mate for a lifetime. Kelsby is a valued member of my team, but I do not wish to spend eternity with him.
My eyes switch automatically to focus on the woman I hope to one day convince to be mine. Once Daegan was gone, Amelia took to slaying Eros, but they still spill out of the corpse.
Not for long. I duck and twist to avoid the Eros trained on me until I’m right in front of the severed head. The eyes stare vacantly forward while the skin has split and cracked until webs of sinewy flesh gleam out from underneath the ever-widening gaps.
Without letting myself linger on him, I kick the head and it sails into the volcano. I am only satisfied when a slithering hiss rises up the void.
The heat from the volcano makes the chill in the air behind me more intense. When I move toward the body, a line of Eros blocks my access. So the dead man is their portal. Was he meant to take them somewhere else? I shiver at the thought. They will not make it through without him. Much must be considered, and I hope my team is already working on how this man made it into the Dreamscape.
Something sinister is happening, yet I have no way of stopping it at the moment. The best I can do is close the portal.
I conjure my blades and begin slicing until the line is riddled with holes. Amelia and Maybell are still working at luring the rest of the Eros off Kelsby. One of the Eros shoots straight at me like a torpedo. Its feelers brush my arm but I slice it open before it can latch on. I cannot spare another moment for my friend.
When I turn back around, the wall has reformed. “Zed! Peter!” I call. “We have to get the rest of him in the pit.”
There is no response. A chill ripples along my body as I back away, searching the surface for my brothers. “Zed!” I yell again, then I see him. He’s taken to the sky, completely ignoring me, Amelia, Maybell, and Kelsby. I do not see Peter at all.
Only Zed would choose the inconsequential form of a hornet. I almost miss him and am nearly unable to form a mind link.
“What are you doing?”
Finally, his answer reaches me. “We cannot blow the portal, Seth.”
I grit my teeth. “They must be destroyed. They could find their way into the Dreamscape should we leave it open.”
“Better the Dreamscape than the mortal world.”
My backward step falters, and I trip over a rock. Righting myself is easy, but Zed’s words complicate everything. Eros roaming Earth is what we have long fought to avoid. “What are you saying?”
He lands beside me and transforms while I keep the general vicinity clear of threats. Zed snaps his head toward me. “Ours is not the only portal within the volcano. The man was a decoy.”
“That’s not possible,” I say.
Negative and positive energy cannot occupy the same space, yet Zed would not come to such a conclusion lightly.
The volcano behind us pops and hisses, signaling activation of our portal. Ian. He should not be here.
He flies from the mouth of the sputtering beast, engaging Eros along his ascent. Ian’s skill with a sword is breathtaking. I had planned on having him train Amelia, but considering recent events, I am unsure that is the best course.
“Just in time to leave,” I yell to him while he combats a horde of Eros. His twin blades whirr as he slices through our common enemy. Eros are not easy to destroy, but once their energy is breeched they will usually depart rather than risk true extinction.
Ian smirks at me. “You’re not going to have all the fun.” His body is covered in thin oozing lines. He fared better than I thought he would.
“It took you long enough!”
“Says the man that has a woman already.”
I laugh. Ian is nothing if not flippant; however, he has a point. “We’ll work on finding one for you. We won’t give up.”
He continues his attack, as do I. “You should have told me about her.”
“Later. Help me get to that body.”
Ian pauses momentarily. “That’s disgusting.”
I slice through more Eros, but they still keep coming. “Hence why we need to toss it into the pit.”
“What was that about not blowing the portal?”
“Zed thinks it’s linked to the mortal realm.”
Ian grunts. “How?”
Zed, for once, lets out an irritated growl. “We shall discuss the how after we escape this place.”
Where has Peter gotten off to?
The mountain rumbles underneath us, and the volcano hisses out a blubbering groan. “Time to go,” shouts Ian as he surges forward, shredding the line until it is nothing more than a veil of ash. He makes it to the body first. “Absolutely revolting, Seth.”
“Just dispose of the thing.” Now that Ian is here, the majority of the remaining Eros circle overhead. My pride rankles a bit knowing he is more feared than I am. If I had access to all my powers, that would not be the case. One day, I tell myself.
He nudges the thing with his toe, giving time for one last Eros to escape. It catches him in the chest before he has a chance to move.
I scream out his name, racing toward him. He falls forward into the pit, but manages to kick the body in before him. Ian attempts to shift, but the Eros keeps him locked in his human form.
I transform immediately. This time I choose a pterodactyl with webby wings that allow me to glide on the slightest currents. The body plops into the waiting lava while Ian hurtles toward the portal. It opens as it is meant to at his energy. More Eros attack and Ian is swiftly covered in the dark monsters.
I dive for him. He must not be allowed through the portal with Eros.
“Let him go,” Zed yells. “The nymphs will take care of the unwanted.”
Unwanted. For a moment a strange sense of compassion hits me. It doesn’t last long. Eros have no redeeming qualities. They are meant to destroy. That wasn’t always the case, but since Volos came into power, it has been all I’ve known.
Amelia screams and I am left to decide between the woman I love and my brother. Ian will have to face the nymphs. I listen for her voice again, but all that registers is a pale whisper.
When I emerge from the pit, Zed is fording off a plague of Eros that would rival those of ancient Egypt. Amelia has her sling. Pitiful as it is, she is doing a surprisingly good job of holding them back. Maybell has given up on securing Kelsby and instead is firing sporadic bursts into the sky.
Even with the body gone, there are more Eros than I care to think about. Without the dreamer, this world should not exist. It should have shattered with him. Something is not right. It is never ideal to exit a crumbling world, but it is preferable to Eros being allowed to inhabit a world, no matter how inhospitable it is.
I send Zed and Peter the message to retreat. We will have to deal with this world another day. Zed doesn’t hesitate and neither do I. I morph into an enormous octopus, sending my tendrils out for my team as I fall.
The minute I clasp onto Kelsby, the darkness zings against my extra appendage. I let go of him on instinct, but he is already on the right trajectory. His big body tumbles over and over. With only two to keep track of now, I morph into my human form, pulling Amelia and Maybell closer. Amelia screams, but it isn’t from the fall.
“Kelsby!” she yells, attempting to push away from me.
“He’ll be fi—”
Kelsby has changed trajectory. His face is still strained against the Eros grip, but now a dark starburst of black cankers his normally pleasant eyes.
With the distraction, Amelia is able to squirm out of my grip. I scream a warning to her that she fails to heed. She free-falls straight toward Kelsby. The Eros vibrate at her presence and the moment she clamps onto Kelsby’s leg, I manage to grab hers.
“Let go of him!” I yell. Her very soul is at stake here, yet she doesn’t seem to understand.
“No!”
“Amelia, let go! You will be contaminated too!”







Seth wants me to let Kelsby fend for himself, but I can’t do that. The idea of losing him is too dark to contemplate. I’ve lost too many people in my life and letting him go when I have a chance to help him is not an option.
Kelsby looks down at me, his wide mouth pulled in the strangest expression. It’s both pleasure and pain and it’s creepy as hell.
His eyes blink and he stares at me as though he’s just come out of a coma. “What are you doing? Let go of me!”
“No way,” I tell him.
The Eros attached to him slither down his frame until the first brushes my fingertips. Warmth spreads through me, along with a zing of euphoria that makes me laugh until I’m giggling.
Seth has my leg and is pulling me back toward him. I can’t let the Eros get to him. In the scheme of things, he is way more important than I am. I kick at his hand with my other leg, but he won’t let go.
My laughter continues until my sides hurt…until my face freezes in mid-guffaw. I don’t want to die like this, with my expression a permanent candid picture gone wrong.
The disgusting creatures attach more firmly to me, as if they are sending feelers into my skin and setting anchor. Almost immediately, oppression finds its way into my heart. It takes my memories and steals my thoughts as they come, until I’m one vibrating mass of pain, yet the euphoria remains as a taunting backdrop.
Seth screams my name as Maybell cries frantically for me to let go. I couldn’t if I wanted to now, which I don’t. If Kelsby comes out of this okay, it will be worth losing a slice of my soul or whatever these things are doing to me.
They are like a sponge that could never absorb enough water to be full. Each of them has latched onto me, and even though they are separate energies, they move as a collective mind, trying to penetrate my thoughts, maybe my very essence. I can’t move, but I can dodge them mentally.
They push against the drawbridge of my mind, shaking me to the core. Fear wants to settle in my veins, but I have an advantage they cannot conquer. Once I hit the lava, I’ll wake up back at Seth’s place. I’ll be surrounded by comfy blankets and soothing light. This moment will be nothing but a memory.
Maybe Seth will let me train more now. Maybe he’ll lock me up for good?
These things like that thought. They want more. My body vibrates from another pulse of adrenaline, followed by a spasm that ripples from my head to my toes. Every shot of emotion they send into me stiffens my muscles and pulls at my mind.
I’ve got to fight them, but no one has told me how to manage it. I’m not just going to wait until they’ve gotten what they want out of me. Something Maybell told me rebounds from the recesses of my thoughts until it’s all I can focus on. She said darkness couldn’t exist where light resides, or something like that.
Eros feed off emotion, just like Oneiroi, but they crave darkness. They crave fear, any dark emotion really. What if I sent some light their way? Would they let go? Would they be able to hold onto me still?
Not waiting another moment to test my theory, I think of the first time I saw Justine. Her smile filled my heart with hope. I let the memory expand until it sizzles inside my cells, lighting them up. I push the feeling outward, imagining it encompassing the Eros attached to me. I imagine it ricocheting through the crater and out into the sky where the other Eros wait. My mind fills with light and the joy of being loved. That was what Justine gave me the day she saved me, and now I’m sharing that hope.
Maybe the Eros need a menu change. What if I could help them?
One by one they pop off me, their hazy shapes twisting and writhing. They offer the faces of angels for a moment before the images morph into the evil they propagate. Then they explode into tiny particles of ash that cling to my skin.
Sadness fills me.
We slam into the barrier and water, not lava, surrounds me.
I’m so spent I can’t even think about taking a breath. It doesn’t even matter if I breathe here anyway. I smile, letting the water fill my lungs. Here, I’m part mermaid. Seth has me in his arms and that is enough for me right now.
An apparition floats nearer, the most beautiful girl I’ve ever seen. She smiles at me, her amber eyes sparkling. I smile back before she scrapes her nail down my arm, drawing a thin line of blood that floats through the water like wisps of sunset. Part of me wants to get angry, but I’m grateful that I can feel levels of pain again instead of the agony associated with Eros. When I nod at her, she frowns before she swims away. Others of her kind blink at me, offering smiles that one by one turn to frowns.
I can’t quite decide what these creatures are, but they let us pass. Seth yanks me out of the water and pounds my back until I expel liquid from my lungs.
His hands roam over me, his fingers brushing the newly formed cut on my arm. It vanishes under his touch, not a single trace of it remaining.
Just when I think he’s going to hug me, I smile at him. He shakes me instead, making my vision blur and my head throb. “What were you thinking, Amelia?”
I swat his hands away. “Knock it off!” His face blurs to black and comes into focus again. “Yell at me later. Right now I need a nap.”
Maybell chuckles and Ian does too. Kelsby lies against the grass, inhaling giant gulps of air, his gangly legs folded underneath him like a spider. I hope he’s okay. I’m just glad he’s with us. He’s safe. I don’t care if Seth is mad at me. I did what I needed to do.
Seth pulls me against his chest, pressing his hand into my hair. His body trembles against mine, and I don’t want to look at him. I don’t want to see his disappointment. He made me promise I’d listen to him and I didn’t.
“Shh,” he croons over and over and it is only then I realize I’m crying. “It’s the aftereffects of being in their thrall. It will subside in a few hours.”
I don’t want to cry for hours, especially since this is a time for celebrating, I think. Yeah, we didn’t get to destroy the world those Eros inhabited, but we can go back with more ammo and finish the job.
I nod, trying to sit up, but Seth won’t release me. After a couple of tries, I relax against him. I freaked him out, and I’m sure I’m going to hear about it, but he should know me by now.
Maybell’s face comes into view; her bright skin has taken on a pallid undertone that worries me, but her expression is nothing but excited. She clasps my hand. “You are the most amazing human I’ve ever met. I just knew you were the one we’ve been searching for.”
I narrow my eyes at her. I’m probably the only human she’s ever really met, but that’s beside the point. “What do you mean?”
Her gaze darts to Seth and back at me in a nanosecond. “We’ll talk about it later, sweetie. Good job in there. I’ve never seen the likes of you, and that’s a good thing.” She pats my shoulder once and helps Seth haul me to my feet. I’m still a little wobbly, but I manage to keep myself upright.
Kelsby’s up too. He ambles toward me, his steps unsure, but his face beams relief mixed with excitement. Once he’s near to me, the others back away to give him some room. He squashes me to him, nearly suffocating me in the process. It isn’t that Kelsby is fat. He’s solid, but whatever he’s made of moves around like jelly.
He gives a hearty thump to my back. “Thank you, my dear girl. I was done for. If it weren’t for you those miscreants would have me back at their base.” He shrugs. “They may have just devoured me until I was no more.” His expression softens and I almost think it’s with regret, but then he smiles. “Next time, you may have any rifle in stock. We could probably retrofit a cannon if you’ve the notion.”
I laugh. I can’t help it. He hasn’t said sorry and I’m pretty sure he won’t. It’s okay, though. Justine told me men value pride above just about anything, and I have no intention of embarrassing him. “I’m holding you to it.” I glance around at the lot of them. “I’ve got witnesses.”
He laughs and the others join in until Zed reminds us we need to regroup back at headquarters. I still don’t know who the other guy is, but I don’t have the strength to care at the moment.
Seth helps me along. I’m a bit surprised that he hasn’t picked me up yet, but he’s patiently standing by my side, supporting me when my knees buckle a bit.
I smile up at him and am surprised to see light dancing in his blue eyes. For a moment everything melts away until he and I are the only things in existence. He leans down and presses a kiss to my forehead.
“You’re not mad at me?” I ask.
“You just saved a member of my team, Amelia, and single-handedly destroyed an Eros army. What have I to complain about?”
A grin takes over my face. “It’s about time you admit how awesome I am.”
He tucks his finger under my chin and lifts my face to his. “And don’t forget humble.”
I laugh as our lips touch, but pretty soon I forget everything and everyone while enjoying this moment with him. We have much to discuss and plan, but it will keep. Right now, I’m in no hurry to go anywhere.
Footsteps fade into the distance. Ian calls back to us. “Don’t stay here too long. We’ll be waiting.”
Seth grunts, waiving a hand in dismissal. I chuckle until he pulls me down to the grass and stares at me, his eyes filled with raw desire.
My stomach tumbles into butterflies. I reach up and touch his cheek, feathering my fingers over his stubble. My heart thrums against my chest as I brush my lips against his again. A familiar bubble of happiness bounces around inside me. This moment couldn’t get any more perfect, except I suddenly have a strange desire to go for a swim.
Seth smiles, his lips no longer yielding under mine. “That can be arranged.” He glances over at the pool only feet away from us and he frowns. “But not here.”
I’ve nearly forgotten the nymphs, but one glance at the water brings back their strange pull and their desire for dark emotions. They don’t seem much different than the Eros, really, but what do I know. I still have so much to learn.
“Oh, no you don’t,” says Seth, pulling me to my feet.
“What?” I ask.
“I know that look. Come on.”
“Where are we going?”
He grins. “Somewhere we can be alone. I’m not going to start a discussion with you right now.”
“Is that so?” I say, pushing against his chest to back away.
He cocks his head to the side. “Just shut up and hang on.”
We’re through the nearest portal within seconds. I can hardly think as he bounces us from place to place until we stand in front of a familiar pool. The mist from the waterfall covers my skin with pearlescent dots.
I smile and shake my head at him. “You have a one-track mind.”
He folds his arms around me, pulling me close. “I am a guy.” His eyebrows pump playfully as he stares at my lips. “Fancy a swim?”
“I don’t have a suit,” I tell him.
He grins. “That never stopped you before.”
That was when I knew I was dreaming. Technically I still am dreaming, so I slip out of my leather and boots and toss them onto a rock.
He eyes my underwear, but I dive into the pool before he can catch me.
“Tease,” he says, diving in after me.
When his arms come around me, I clasp my hands at his neck. “Just like old times.”
His laughter cuts through the splattering of the waterfall. “I sure hope so.”
“You keep talking, I’m going to wake up from boredom.”
“Boredom?” he says, feigning offence.
“Shut up and kiss me, already,” I tell him, shaking my head.
His hand slides along my spine up into my hair. He angles my face close to his. My breath catches in my throat while my skin tingles from the chill of the water and the heat of his skin against mine. “I have every intention to—”
Having had enough of his chitchat, I make my move, crashing our lips together. He yields to me, but soon he’s leading. Somehow, I don’t mind so much.



Peter sits across from me, avoiding my gaze, as usual. I don’t believe he has ever seen my office since I remodeled. Is he so angry at me, he hasn’t noticed? Perhaps he doesn’t care. I have much explaining to do where Amelia is concerned.
I’d rather be with Amelia than here with my brothers, but she is resting. She needs time to recover, and I need answers as well. I glance at Peter again. He ignores me. How many centuries he will take to forgive me is up for debate. I’ve told him I was sorry every time we’ve seen each other since I gave in to temptation and stole his recruit right out from under him. He may have found her, but she became my mark after one look. It was the beginning of the Oneiroi fall into darkness.
I wasn’t the only one of my brothers who went after Rhea, but I was the one that caught her first. She was mysticism wrapped in a beauty the likes of which I had never encountered. That should have been reason enough to avoid her, but she latched on to most of us at one point or another. No one had an inkling what she was doing.
Her purity only came into question when she trapped me in my realm. It had been a place of safety and sanctuary for my people and our recruits from before Earth was targeted by Eros—before they used Rhea to turn Oneiroi one by one into the Erobos that have nearly succeeded in eradicating our race. She was our first Orphic. Somehow, she was able to conceal the darkness within her, and only presented the light we craved.
We had no idea Volos had recruited her first. She wove a web of destruction from the moment she entered the Dreamscape until the moment she slunk into the Metaspace with the monsters she created. Daegan was her champion, but I somehow doubt he was the prize she sought. Although Volos is a monster, he can take any form. His thrall is legendary. No one has escaped him, yet that does not lessen Rhea’s betrayal.
Oneiroi are careful when choosing a mate. Knowing one has eternity to find a partner does not make for hasty decisions, but now, the risk is greater. Despite the earlier mission, Peter has not had occasion to meet Amelia. Perhaps he should never meet her. Further dissention would prove fatal to my race, and I am not in a sharing mood, especially after Rhea.
Zed is the first to break the silence. “The Sibylline—”
I cut him off. “Orphic.”
Zed frowns. “They were eliminated.”
“We don’t know that for sure,” says Ian. “This will sound odd, but once again, I am in agreement with Seth.”
If he means to boost my confidence, he does not succeed.
Zed turns to Peter. “What do you think?”
Peter keeps his face lowered. Even his voice holds no emotion. “What I think has no bearing here. Facts remain despite opinion. The man was possessed with thousands of Eros. No Sibylline could withstand that level of darkness.”
My eyes roam to the monitor that keeps track of Amelia. All I desire to do is return to my realm. To capture her warmth in my arms and never let her go.
Peter continues, pulling my attention once again, “Speaking of Sibyllines, what happened back there with yours?”
I shrug. “She is full of light. It is the only explanation.”
He stands, pacing behind Ian and Zed. “There is rarely only one explanation.”
My jaw clenches. “She’s not Orphic.”
“How would you know?” asks Zed, making me want to punch him for giving Peter more fuel.
Ian growls. “Bickering over Amelia will get us nowhere. She accomplished an amazing feat, no one else has managed, I might add. Speculating about her origins will only aid the Erobos. We need to shelter her, bring her into our fold, not point speculative fingers.”
I grin at him. “Thank you, Ian.”
He narrows his eyes at me. “You should have told us about her.”
I lift my hands in acknowledgement. “I am sorry. I was worried how some of you would react. When I found her world, I discovered an oasis. Every time I visited her, I was energized. She has kept me balanced for a few years now. It wasn’t until recently that I made the decision to recruit her.”
Peter stops his pacing and leans across his vacated chair. “I thought we had agreed recruits were out of the question until the Erobos are handled, now two of you have them.”
“I believe our decision premature. Olivia is a godsend,” says Zed.
I stare at Peter, wondering how his mood shifted so quickly. “I don’t need your permission to acquire a recruit.”
His head shakes while his fists bunch. I’ve never seen him so volatile. “I should have never come here. It is a waste of my efforts.”
Zed shifts in his seat. “Speaking of your efforts, you have not reported on your region in a while.”
He hasn’t? Why hasn’t Zed told me this?
Peter pales. “This is not about me.”
Three heads snap his way.
“What has happened, brother?” asks Zed.
Peter takes his chair. His features have fallen, which cannot be good. He will not look a single one of us in the eye. When he speaks, I can hardly believe what he says. “I may be compromised. I don’t remember much of the last hour.”
Ian leaps to his feet, pulling his blades. Zed too, rises. It takes me a moment to understand what is happening.
I pull my blade, regret rising up my throat. This is absurd. We must have heard him wrong. He couldn’t have brought Eros into headquarters. That would be unthinkable.
As if in answer to my spiraling thoughts, he lifts his head and smiles. His eyes swirl with the darkness inside.
We have fail safes for a reason. How did he make it past the nymphs?
Horror clouds my mind. He didn’t make it past the nymphs. He must have used the Erobos portal.
With no time to think further, I rush my brother, only hoping we can contain him in my office. None of us desires to harm Peter, but each of us stabs him in turn.
A laugh rings from his mouth, haunting and violent. The monitors flicker then extinguish, plunging the room and my mind into darkness.





I’d like to thank a few amazing people for helping me with Dreamscape. This is by no means a complete list, but these are the people that have touched my life and made my journey as a writer better and easier.
To Terri, Misty, Krystle, Karla, and Nancy for being the best beta readers in the world. Thank you for your support and believing in me. Terri, you have blessed my life with your insights. Nancy, you are a true friend and I am thankful for you. Thank you for teaching me and helping me traverse this difficult road.
To all the readers and bloggers who have taken the time to share my books with your friends and family, I thank you from the bottom of my heart. You are the reason I am where I am right now. Every time you share your honest review, it helps spread the word about my books.
To my creator for sending me such a rich life full of blessings and pain. I am thankful for all my experiences, for I would not be who I am without them.



Christie Rich lives in a small town in Northern Utah with her husband, two kids, spastic dog that thinks she’s a horse, and two lazy cats. Christie loves to be creative. Whether writing, painting, or exploring something new, she spends the majority of her free time unlocking the creations inside of her.

How to Contact Christie Rich (I love hearing from readers):

Blog: http://christierich.blogspot.com/
Email: authorchristierich@gmail.com
Twitter: https://twitter.com/authorchristier
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/#!/pages/Christie-Rich/214197338637188
Goodreads: http://www.goodreads.com/author/show/5147170.Christie_Rich
Pinterest: http://pinterest.com/christielrich/

Other books by Christie Rich:

Five (Elemental Enmity Book I)
Dark Matter (Elemental Enmity Book II)
Genesis (Elemental Enmity Book III)
Horizon (Elemental Enmity Book IV)



I hope you enjoyed reading Dreamscape as much as I enjoyed writing it. As an independent author, getting the word out about my book is vital to its success, so if you liked Dreamscape please consider telling your friends and writing a review at the store where you purchased it. I appreciate your support.
If you would like to be contacted when I release a new book please send an email to authorchristierich@gmail.com with New Releases in the title and I will add you to my New Releases list. You will only be contacted when I have a new book out.



If you are like me you read much faster than your favorite authors can write. I honestly wish I could release a book a day, but alas, the writing process is much more time consuming than the reading process, lol.
I thought you might like to know some of the authors I’ve read lately that I’ve thoroughly enjoyed. Here they are in no particular order.

Nancy Straight—her Touched Series is one of the most original I’ve encountered. Blood Debt is the first book and I had to finish that book! I even took it grocery shopping with me. I think the other customers thought I was insane when I yelled, “No way!” right in the middle of the frozen section. The Centaurs in this series are gentlemen and they are hot. What more could you want? Oh, how about a free book? Meeting Destiny from her Destiny Series is free for download. That was a great series, too, but I love the Touched Series more.
Helen Boswell—I’m reading Mythology right now, and it has me glued to the pages. I love her concept of Angels, which she calls guardians, and Demons. This is a refreshing read that hasn’t let me down yet.
CJ Archer—Holy crow, I love this woman’s writing. I read her Emily Chambers Spirit Medium Trilogy. The first book in the series is free. The minute I started reading I was pulled into the story. Miss Archer writes both YA and Adult regency romances that seem to always have a bit of the paranormal in them.
SM Boyce—If you have a bit of a fantasy lover in you, you might enjoy Boyce’s Grimoire Trilogy. It has an epic feel, but it is more modern than other epics I’ve read. There’s a deep seeded Romance throughout the books, so far, and I’m totally into it. Two books are out in the series and the third should come out sometime this fall. Oh, and did I mention that Boyce has recently made Lichgates free?
Rebecca Hamilton—Her Forever Girl Series is original and heart pounding. I loved the world she created and her vampire mythology is different than any I’ve seen. It’s taking her a bit longer than I want to get the books out, but she runs her own publishing company and is the mother of young children. I’m giving her a bit of slack, lol. The next in the series will be released this year.
Amy Bartol—The Premonition Series. I've read some pretty good Angel books, but Amy Bartol has kicked them all out of my mind. This has to be my favorite series right now. Amy is awesome. She has such a great writing style that pulled me in and hasn't let go yet. There are four books out now and there will be at least one more. She is seriously one of my favorite writers. I will read anything she writes.
H.D. Gordon—If you're looking for a kick-butt heroine, Blood Warrior might be your book. This series is great and packed full of emotion. It's an unconventional read that has some pretty hard topics in it. There's a romance, but think of it as star crossed lovers. H.D. has branched out into chilling thrillers and even horror if you like those genres. She is talented and her writing is wonderful.
There are so many others I love, but these are a few of the authors you may not have heard of that I’ve absolutely enjoyed. I’d love to hear your recommendations, too. Friend me on Goodreads and we can talk about books!
