Dust
By
Ger Conlan

Copyright 2022 Ger Conlan
https://twitter.com/gerconln

First Edition

License Notes
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only and may not be re-sold or given away to other people. This work may not be reproduced in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the author. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you want to share it with. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, and incidents are either products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

Dust is an adult paranormal fantasy story blending fast-paced action, intrigue and a little romance. It is recommended that Stained be read first as Dust is not a stand-alone novel.

Cover and illustration by Zheng Han Lai
https://www.instagram.com/77tsutsu/ 

Also by Ger Conlan:

Stained
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/1045338 
Death’s Door
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/793402
Under the willow tree
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/456647 
Harvest
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/614567 
Untold Rage
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/249711 

Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Epilogue
Acknowledgements
Also by Ger Conlan
Chapter 1

I placed my knapsack and duffle bag in the cab of the old blue Ford pick-up truck, my mind rearranging a lengthy to-do list that I’d shuffled about more often than a Rubik’s cube. To ensure I wouldn’t forget anything, I kept it to a top-four priority; wallet, proof of judicial release, snacks for the road, and the urn. Check.
Now for the hardest part, saying my goodbyes. I turned to head inside, but the deep orange and crimson hues of the setting sun that emblazoned the sky over The Hills Academy & Orphanage were too beautiful to ignore. It had been a rare cloudless and balmy day, one I’d spent in the library pouring over ancient tomes. I would’ve loved to have done my research on a deck chair in the garden, but I couldn’t tote the books outside like any dog-eared paperback. No, those babies were on loan from a private collector and were precious treasures that required wearing special gloves to handle. Not that the work amounted to anything. It had been another fruitless search to find any archival documents relating to ink mages, specifically, whoever tattooed Lucifer’s forehead and sent him to Hell. You’d think whoever accomplished such a task would have had their name plastered on every papyrus and parchment from here to the Dead Sea. Instead, it seemed, their identity had been completely lost to the sands of time. Which begged the question, how come the coding of the beast had made it into the bible, but not the coder’s identity?
Humans were terrible at safe-keeping their ancient records, but not Otherworlders. We had Scriveners who chronicled historical events through memories passed on in Scrivener’s DNA, which they accessed through visions released by time cells in their bodies. Their accuracy rate had been tested against eye-witness accounts and was deemed, irrefutably, on point. But, so far, the Otherworlder records I’d scrutinized had turned up nothing. Maybe the last mage purposefully remained anonymous. Or, perhaps his exploits were recorded in great detail, but I just wasn’t looking in the right place.
A soft breeze lifted my hair like a warm caress, and I closed my eyes, wishing for the millionth time that I could go back to being the old me - Jess Darrows, alchemist witch and magical ink maker - not Jess Darrows, ink mage and future beast coder. Ugh
Ink mages came into existence for the sole purpose of etching a code into the skin of an entity expulsed from Heaven to banish them to another realm. The assumption was a great energy shift was coming, and I’d have a similar task to accomplish. Given how my life skills were so bad, I couldn’t even hold on to my roach-infested studio in a high-crime neighbourhood - demonic branding felt way out of my league. And truth be told, the stress of it all kept me up at night. I wanted out. I wanted someone else to take on this job or, Otherworlders and humanity were doomed.
That’s why, for the past couple of weeks, I’d been doggedly researching for any information on my predecessor, as well as a spell that would get me out of this situation. I was pretty sure some other sorceress or wizard was far more qualified and would be only too happy to have this job. It seemed only logical that the second ink mage to emerge in a couple of millennia should be a towering Viking-type with anger issues, not a five-foot-two insecure witch with no fixed address.
My phone dinged intrusively, pulling me away from the magnificent fire in the sky. I removed the device from my pocket and swiped the screen. The text message was my cue to leave.
“Jess?” Parsons interrupted hoarsely. His stooped frame shuffled forward with difficulty, his gnarled hands leaning heavily on the newly-acquired walker. White tufts of hair jutted out in soft peaks, but dark circles contoured his eyes, and his cheeks lacked their usual rosy glow.
“Parsons! What are you doing out of bed?” I admonished gently while rushing to meet him. “I was just coming to see you.” Glancing about, I added, “and Mrs. Bantry will be so mad if she catches you out here.”
“I have no doubt,” he chuckled.
His frail voice made my heart pinch. He hadn’t fully recuperated from being brutally attacked two weeks earlier. He’d been the ultimate hero and magically changed his appearance to mirror mine and saved my life. In doing so, he’d suffered injuries that, at first, went unnoticed. He’d downplayed his condition, focusing more on my transformation to a mage, until one morning, he just collapsed. Seeing him pale as a ghost and bed-bound, I’d been terrified to lose him, so I stayed close by his side, hoping beyond hope that this wasn’t the end. Turns out, he’d severely damaged a hip and was scheduled for an operation in a fortnight. He was also suffering from exhaustion and slept for lengthy periods each day, which was when I’d slip out to the library. Over the past few days, he’d improved quite a bit, especially his mobility.
Knowing he didn’t come out on a whim but not wanting to dismiss his need for fresh air, I leaned in and whispered conspiratorially. “You want me to hide you while you chill out here? Or you want to make a break for it, and we hit the road together?”
His hearty laugh shook his entire frame. “I have no doubt you’d do both in a heartbeat.” His smile stayed for a long moment before his expression turned serious. “Have you received the drop-off notice?”
“Just now. They sent a text with the time and location. It’s behind Pete’s, just as you predicted.”
“Tread carefully while you’re there. They cannot be trusted.”
“No worries,” I reassured him. “Well, I’d better get going if I don’t want to be late.”
“Before you leave, there’s something I must ask of you,” he frowned momentarily, seemingly uncomfortable. “I know your plate is full, and I don’t want to add to your burdens, but I’m afraid I’m out of options.”
Since the day I’d been dumped on the steps of the orphanage, Parsons had provided, shelter, guidance, and a sense of home. In twenty-three years, he’d never once asked anything of me, and had always been there, even in my darkest times. He was the father I never had and the only person who represented family. If he needed help, it was already a done deal in my mind. “Absolutely. Whatever it is, I’ll do it.” I replied with conviction.
“But you don’t even know what I need. That’s not very prudent of you.”
“Parsons,” I couldn’t help but smile, “tell me.”
He nodded solemnly then whistled lowly toward the tall grass bordering the grounds. “I’ve exhausted all other avenues.”
Oh. Sweet. Goddess.
A massive black wolf slinked warily toward us. Bright amber eyes held mine in a piercing gaze. Instinctively, I moved in front of Parsons, blocking him from the colossal predator, fully aware well it could chew me up and spit me out in the blink of an eye.
“Have no fear.”Nudging me aside, he beckoned the wolf closer with words of reassurance. Sitting down, the animal was the same height as the elderly man. “Jess, meet Eli, my wonderful, magical conundrum.”
Parsons was no ordinary custodian. He could’ve been principal of the academy if he’d so wished, but he’d always preferred to stay in the background, discreetly assisting the kids when needed. With a gentle nudge of wisdom enrobed in guidance magic, setbacks and obstacles were no longer seen as such, or new career ideas would emerge, even the biting sting of adoption-day rejections were soothed. A few months ago, he began individualised training for a new arrival experiencing some integration difficulties. Most of their sessions had been held outdoors and at night. Parsons had only ever referred to the student as his conundrum, but he appeared to be a regular shifter.
“Hello Eli,” I nodded respectfully without lowering my gaze. Wolves treated you differently depending on how long you maintained eye contact. When he finally glanced at Parsons, I relaxed a little. “Why is he an enigma? He’s definitely an Otherworlder, but how come I’m not sensing his wolf?”
“One of many questions I have asked myself,” Parsons replied with a resigned tone. “Eli is part wolf, part human, and something else I haven’t managed to decipher. Whatever it is, it’s masked deep within. And, contrary to all lycans, he cannot shift at will. He only becomes human at the full moon. Furthermore, after each lunar cycle, I found he’d matured abnormally fast for his species. That has stabilised now that he’s an adult, but he has aged beyond the time permitted to remain here. I reached out to several shifter packs around the country to see if they would admit him but wasn’t successful. They cited the usual incompatibility reasons.”
Most shifter packs were extremely selective about who joined their ranks. Having a problematic band member would be seen as a liability to their collective. “When he was human, during the full-moon phase, did he tell you anything about himself?”
“Nothing, I’m afraid,” he shook his head as his palm gently smoothed the wolf’s fur. “He cannot speak, and he does not seem to understand the concept of writing.”
The poor wolf must feel so rejected and isolated. I couldn’t help but wonder if the shifting impairment was there since birth, or did it come about through neglect or abuse?
“Jess, I’ve no choice but to ask if you’ll take him under your protection. It would mean swearing an oath, so it’s official with the Magistrar’s office.”
“S-sworn protection,” I stuttered, feeling the colour drain from my face. In Otherworlder terms, this was equivalent to adopting a child on the spot, and I was in no position to care for another being. Refusing Parsons wasn’t an option, especially when I’d already agreed to this favour. Nudging his huge head against Parsons’ shoulder, the wolf whined sorrowfully. Clearly, he loved the custodian and didn’t want to leave him. It seemed like neither the shifter nor I were keen to be together. “Is that what Eli wants?”
“Probably not. He’s thrived since he arrived, and I would love nothing more than to make this his home, but my hands are tied. The Magistrar’s office will soon be sending an inspector around for the annual evaluation, and that won’t bode well for Eli. I can’t get him accepted into a pack, and going rogue will get him killed.” Parsons sighed heavily. “He’s no longer a child, but he is still vulnerable.”
Parsons was right. My plate was full, so becoming a guardian was piling it high with even more responsibility. Still, I couldn’t risk the authorities getting their hands on Eli. They’d probably end up throwing him in one of those atrocious holding facilities. Dozens of panic-inducing questions about how I’d even manage to care for a wolf raced through my mind, but I pushed them away for now and observed Eli. His life here was structured, predictable, and tranquil. Being with me would be very different, and I needed to be upfront about my situation.
“Full disclosure, Eli, my life is.....” Where did I even begin? So much crap had hit the fan in the past year, it would take me hours to relate everything. “Well, in a nutshell, it’s a bit unstable. I’ve been in a lot of hot water recently, both legally and financially, plus I wouldn’t win any popularity contests either.”
Eli whined questioningly at Parsons. “All will be well, son,” he assured him. “I promise you’ll be in good hands.” To me, he said, “Best make it official, Jess.”
The wolf and I shared a long look. “This is your call, Eli. I want to help Parsons, but I’d never force a bond on you. You’re still welcome to come with me. It won’t be a legally binding stewardship, but it will give you some measure of protection. And I’ll do my damndest to find you a pack, somewhere you can call home.”
He shuffled nervously as his eyes shifted once again to Parsons for guidance. I couldn’t blame him for hesitating. Compared to his circumstances here, what I could offer held as much appeal as an invitation to reside with the Dursleys. No, it was worse than that because I didn’t even have a home, much less a closet to offer him. Plus, right now, he was probably picking up on my pounding heart together with my raging anxiety as the weight of this fosterage settled on my shoulders. If the roles were reversed, I wouldn’t want to be with me either. I’d have taken my chances and gone rogue.
Leaning his forearms against the frame of his walker, Parsons cupped the wolf’s massive head and smiled. “I would trust her with my life.” Lowering his eyes for a moment, the shifter released a pronounced sigh, then placed a massive paw on my hand, confirming his agreement.
“You made the right decision, Eli,” Parsons commended; his unusual jubilance was indicative of his deep concern for the wolf. “I’m very much aware of Jess’ time constraints, so I’ll need to swear you in now.”
Again, Eli and I exchanged an intense look before he huffed his accord. I inhaled sharply, steeling myself for whatever effects the ceremony would incur. “Okay. Let’s do this.”
“Repeat after me,” Parsons instructed, emotion choking his words. Knowing how invested and attached he was to every orphan who spent time at the Hills, he probably felt he was abandoning one of his own children.
“Eli Black Wolf,” I solemnly recited Parsons’ words while holding Eli’s gaze. “I take the Oath Of The Moon and swear to value, safe-guard, respect, and provide for you forever, or until such time as you join your own pack. Until that day, loyalty and respect shall bind our union. This is my truth, so mote it be.”
As Eli pushed his heavy paw into my hand, magical obsidian and silver ribbons suddenly appeared, fluttering airily about in unison, dancing to music only they could hear. The streamers wrapped around our conjoined hand and paw, squeezing painfully just before disappearing. And while we could no longer see them, the connection they’d created between us was tangible.
“Are you both feeling alright?” Parsons inquired. Eli immediately buried his head in the custodian’s hands. I was sure he was sobbing inwardly.
“Mmmhhmm, good,” I nodded with a tight smile. Emotionally, I felt like I’d just made a marriage vow with a complete stranger. That got me thinking about what day-to-day life with a wolf would entail? Would he be vocal and dramatic like a husky? As a pack animal, would he expect to share my bed? Would he slobber? Would I have to pick up his poop?
“Jess, I left Eli’s documents on the kitchen table along with some personal belongings. Would you take him with you to retrieve them, please?”
As we covered the short distance to the house, I thought it best to help us acclimate to the situation by being upfront. “Ahhmm, Eli…maybe we should set a couple of ground rules before we get settled somewhere. I know you can’t tell me yours right now, but if you can communicate them at the next full moon, that’d be cool.” He huffed again, which I came to realize was his way of saying yes. “So… I guess mine are…we each sleep in our own bed, you do your toilet business outdoors and if I do something wrong that upsets you….try not to bite me?” He stopped in his tracks and responded just as a husky would, vocally and obviously miffed. I fluffed his head affectionately. “Glad we cleared that up.”
We returned with Eli’s belongings, which fit in a small shopping bag. “I think we’ve everything.”
“Right then, I best let you get going, you’ve a long drive ahead.” Parsons’ voice was raw with emotion.
I took his hand in mine because hugs weren’t his thing and squeezed it gently. “Call me after your surgery, okay?”
“It’s only a minor operation. There are still many years left in me, young lady.”
“Not if you stay out here much longer!” Mrs. Bantry, the loving, no-nonsense nurse, chided while approaching with determined strides. She wrapped a shawl over his thin shoulders, tutting with concern. “You’re impossible.”
“Yes, dear,” he agreed, assuaging her well-intentioned fussing. She shook her head and went to steer him back inside. Parsons waved one last time. “Drive safely, and let me know when you get to The Yards.”
“I promise,” I called out then settled Eli into my truck and drove off into the night. 


“Your order’s gonna take a few minutes, hon,” the cheery lady sang through the drive-thru window. “Just park in spot number one and we’ll have that right on over in a jiffy.”
I thanked her and paid up. The rest area was flanked by a large copse of trees and a well-kept green space complete with picnic tables. Apart from a few cars parked closer to the highway, there was nobody around. I pulled into the first space, killed the engine, and turned to Eli who was taking up ninety percent of the bench seat.
“Is that okay food-wise?” Bright amber eyes glanced my way as his long tongue liberally licked his snout. “I’ll take that as a yes, then.” I pocketed my pouch of powdered ink, grabbed my knapsack, then got out and held the door open. “We’ve loads of time to eat before I make the delivery.” The wolf huffed then quickly bounded from the cab before disappearing into the woods. I closed the door and stretched my legs.
We’d left The Academy four hours ago and still had another couple to go until we reached The Yards. It had been two weeks since I’d seen Zeke. Things were slow to recover in his community after his sister, Katy, had murdered a few people and almost succeeded in pinning it on me. Her motive? She wanted to siphon Zeke’s magic, kill him and take over as the Opilio – a sort of shepherd to his flock. But when I thwarted her coup, she showed her appreciation by trying to murder Parsons then me. While she was pummelling my head with a rock and trying to fast track me to meet my maker, some weird stuff went down, and my blood merged with my ink. That activated an ancient journal defining me as an ink mage. The details on why or how that had happened were about as clear as a pint of Guinness. I was hoping the cursed section of the Thaumaturgical Treasury’s Library might hold some answers because the journal was filled with hieroglyphic-like symbols, which were impossible to decipher. Initially, Parsons mentioned an ink master would show up to train the mage but later recanted, saying he wasn’t sure if that was fact or fiction. 
I placed my bag on a picnic table under the branches of a gnarly oak tree, offering up a prayer to the Goddess for help. I’d been doing a lot of that lately, but she never answered. I suspected she’d deleted me as a contact. Still, I couldn’t bring myself to stop praying because it was the only thing keeping me grounded. I threw a guilty glance toward Eli. As his ward, I really hoped I wouldn’t screw things up for him.
“Order’s up, M’am,” a man announced, pulling me out of my reverie.
Recognizing the voice, I whipped around to find Semyon Iamia, ancient vampire and global celebrity, approaching with our food. He carefully juggled the multiple cardboard trays of greasy goodness away from his tailored-to-perfection designer suit, hugging his toned form. He had a Messiah-like following on various social media platforms, but I’d never understood the hype. Sure, he was handsome, but he registered very low on my chemistry meter and high on my cheater meter.
“Lovely to see you again, Jessica. You’re smelling lovely as always.” He didn’t mean my citrusy shower gel but my blood. He said it made him have control issues. I had the same problem with chocolate.
The only reason we’d had any dealings in the past was that he bailed me out of jail and procured a truth serum to prove my innocence. The hefty price of that transaction was, I owed him a favour of his choosing. In retrospect, I should have renegotiated the terms, but I’d been desperate at the time. In the end, I hadn’t even used the potion but still owed him that favour, which was, no doubt, the only reason he was here. It certainly wasn’t because he’d gotten a job at Pete’s Pit-Stop & Drive-Thru.
“Finally found your calling in life?” I quipped while taking our meal and setting it on the table. I was famished and needed sustenance, stat. Eli loped from the trees, taking up position beside me. I laid out his food, but he ignored it; instead, his stance became rigid, monitoring Semyon intensely.
“Ah, you’ve a new four-legged friend, I see,” his burgundy eyes flashing predatorily.
“He’s under my protection,” I added firmly, making sure the vamp understood Eli wasn’t some stray I’d picked up.
Bracing his elbows on the table, swirls of black, silky curls cascaded onto broad muscled shoulders. “Zeke doesn’t strike me as the type of man to share his woman.”
“I’m not Zeke’s woman.” We’d just started to date, although, technically, we hadn’t even had one date yet. But, I wanted to see where our budding romance would go; because when I was with him, I felt a spark kindling my torpid heart, coaxing me to explore our connection. Now, things certainly weren’t like that to begin with. We’d gotten off to a rocky start because he thought I was killing his people and trusted me about as much as a social media profile pic.
“Good to know I may still have a chance with you then,” Semyon stated roguishly while stroking his beard. “I can assure you, I’d be a very vigorous partner.”
My rolled my eyes hard enough they almost got stuck in the back of my head. He only persisted in flirting with me because I didn’t fall for his phoney charm, something that bruised his over-extended ego. “I told you before, I’m not interested. That hasn’t changed.” 
“I’d love to see your Opilio’s face when you show up bound to a shifter he’s never met before.” He inhaled at length, his pupils dilating with hunger. “Hmmmm, not just a wolf either,” he smirked. “Oh, now this is very intriguing.”
The vampire had a sense of smell like no other and made a lucrative living finding the missing, dead, or alive. He didn’t discriminate between Otherworlder and human either and had no problem charging exorbitant fees from those desperate for closure. Judging by his shit-eating grin, whatever scent he’d picked up was unusual. That worried me, but I feigned a casual shrug as if his comment hadn’t elicited my interest. Eli’s throat rumbled in discontent, so I gently patted the thick fur on his neck, hopefully conveying I wasn’t going to discuss our business with anyone.
Semyon inhaled again, his smile stretching wide. “Hmmm…oh yes. I most definitely detect an odour of The Evenfall Estate,” he continued blithely.
I exchanged a brief, albeit loaded, glance with my wolf. Eli might have Elvin blood? I’d never heard of a shifter-elf mix and didn’t think it was even biologically possible. I mean, shifters inter-mixed all the time, but never elves; something to do with their immune system. Was Eli the first-ever wolf-elf child? Could that be why he was abandoned at The Hills? I felt the urge to call Parsons and tell him the news, but I had no proof per se.
“Shall I continue? I sense I’ve piqued your curiosity,” he added glibly, ignoring Eli’s ominous growl and bared teeth. “Your wolf is definitely not an alpha or he’d have tried to rip me to shreds by now, so I’d say he’s nothing more than an oversized Omega.”
“That’s enough!” I exclaimed, just as Eli lunged, tearing into the vamp’s trouser leg. “Eli, no!” But it was too late. He was already prancing back into the woods, tail strung high and a one-of-a-kind patch of cloth dangling from his clenched jaw. “Happy now?” I scowled. “You’ve always got to be riling someone up.”
“My sincerest apologies,” he offered spuriously. Still, I could see his hand tremble slightly. He hadn’t anticipated such a reaction. “I didn’t realize his scent was such a touchy subject.”
“Is that why you came here, to sniff a wolf? Is business really that bad?”
“I doubt you’re in a position to evaluate my business acumen when yours failed because your ink put a man in the ground.”
“That wasn’t my fault, and you know it. Katy tainted the ink.”
“But your name hasn’t been cleared yet, right? He grinned like a Cheshire cat. “Nonetheless, it’s good to see all those legal woes haven’t dampened that fiery spirit.”
I ignored the jab at the judicial nightmare I was sifting through and shrugged as if I could care less. Katy may have been found guilty on all counts of murder, but the Magistrar’s office had yet to declare me innocent or even erase any of the charges on file. When I pushed for closure, all they did was send me a judicial release in case I got pulled over by the authorities. I found that unacceptable and sent them a notice of Service to Process, making me the first solitary witch to sue the Magistrar’s office. I’d been told I hadn’t a hope in hell of winning.
Hell seemed to be the figurative location for a lot of my issues right now, and I had no doubt Semyon’s favour would also cross into that territory. That repayment was the only thing that brought him to a greasy dive at one in the morning. I took a large bite out of my breakfast sandwich, making sure to stuff some hash browns in my mouth as well. “Get to the point. How do I clear this debt?”
His regard was intense, hawkish even before shaking his head in dismay. “How is it every time I see you, you’re in some state of starvation?”
The vamp didn’t like displays of bad manners, so I made sure to chew with my mouth open, if for nothing else than to be rid of him as quickly as possible. “I’m fine,” I garbled through a mouthful. “Want some?”
He sighed dramatically. “Very well, Jessica. I can see you are not in the mood to be cordial, so yes, I am here to settle our affairs as agreed upon in a prior engagement.”
“Whoop-de-doo,” I dead-panned through a half-masticated mouthful. “Shoot.”
“So primitive,” he remarked with a hint of disgust. “Look, I know you’ve an appointment with the Fae queen’s attendants in,” he checked his watch, “eleven minutes.”
I eyed my knapsack containing the minuscule urn. “How could you possibly know that?” Only three people knew I was returning the remains of the fairy to her final resting place. And I’d only been texted the location just before leaving the orphanage.
“I have my sources inside the realm,” he replied smugly. “Apparently, you’re responsible for her death too.”
He was trying to push all my buttons, but I wouldn’t rise to the bait. “Her death was accidental,” I replied evenly. “She’d been glamoured to resemble a warlock who was harming someone very dear to me. The Fae authorities are well aware of the whole story. They know it was unintentional.”
I’d felt devastated seeing the tiny fairy dead at my feet. She’d obviously suffered immensely at the hands of the warlock. That same warlock had been torturing my best friend, Jimmy the jinn. I was trying to trap and kill him in order to free her but failed.
“Well, this is not about your taradiddles, my dear.” He patted my hand patronizingly, but I whipped it away. “When you enter Faerie, you are to take this to the queen and have her confirm or deny its authenticity.”
He pushed a sepia envelope toward me. A circular black wax seal, embossed with a curious symbol caught my eye. “What’s that?”
His smirk was one of the cat that got the cream. “A certificate of great importance. I want the queen to validate the information within.”
“But my appointment is only with the delivery clerk, not the queen.”
His smug expression conveyed a level of pompousness associated with someone who holds more power than they should. “I’ve had that modified. You’ll be meeting Her Majesty at my behest.”
Goddess! That must mean he knew the queen intimately, no doubt. The vamp always had a hidden agenda, and this, I was sure, was no different. “Semyon, what’s really going on here?” My tone brooked no argument.
His haughty demeanour momentarily changed to barely-veiled frustration before a smile curved his lips. “It’s your chance at a claim to fame. How many people can say they’ve had a private audience with Queen Oxana Tulipa.”
The fact that he wouldn’t answer my question confirmed he definitely had ulterior motives. “I’m not looking to claim anything except that our business is concluded.” I lifted up a napkin, wiping the corners of my mouth. “And you could’ve asked any number of Fae to authenticate whatever that document is. So, tell me why I’m really doing this.”
“Very well, seeing as you insist on prying into my personal affairs.” He flipped his hair over his shoulder, his expression petulant. “Everyone who has an audience with the queen is given a parting gift of their choice. I would like you to bring me back a special souvenir. But before we get into the particulars, let’s make our deal official, shall we.” He didn’t wait for me to respond, just cleared his throat and straightened his spine while pulling on the hem of his waistcoat. “Jessica Darrows, I claim my favour in payment of the Weirheid potion I obtained for you last month. I request you have this document authenticated and procure a gift of Elvin blood from Faerie.”
My brows furrowed in confusion. This was about blood? “But you could go down to Snake Bite Tavern right now and get the blood of ten elves if you wanted to.”
“So astute, my little witch.” His lips tilted upwards in a suppressed smile. “I need the blood of a Kott Elf, more specifically from those living in the Arvunn Mountains. Oh, and make it extra special by requesting it be ritualized.”
The food tumbled from my hands, my mind conjuring hundreds of questions in a mere second. “Are you kidding me?” My raised voice brought Eli to my side, but I calmly patted his flank so he wouldn’t make off with more of the vamp’s pants. My phone chimed with an incoming text, but I ignored it. “You want me to meet the queen to get you rare elf-blood in exchange for a potion I never even used?” The disbelief sent my voice an octave higher.
“It’s not my problem that you didn’t use the product, Jessica. I’m not a customer service department. I don’t do returns. Now, you agreed to this, so you must adhere to the conditions of the transaction. It is the law.” He glanced at his Rolex, “six minutes remaining.”
“You’re insane.”
“What’s the problem?” his palms spread outward in feigned confusion. “This is an easy thing to do.”
“First of all, blood from the Kotts is like napalm on the flesh. You know that, right?” 
“Come, come, Jessica,” Semyon chided. “No need to be irate. I brought herbs to accelerate healing, if necessary.”
“You don’t get it,” I pushed. “Even touching the container holding their blood will result in a third-degree burn. So unless you’ve got Kott-proof gloves or a really strong local anaesthetic, I’ll be in agony the entire time. And I’m sure it’s not going to be any better for the poor Kott elf.”
“Then just drink my blood, and you won’t feel it burn so much.”
The bastard was trying to ensnare me in every way possible. “You seem to be forgetting some details in our agreement. I clearly stated that there was to be no harm, no pets, no sex, and no tricks. Holding Kott is harmful. Drinking your blood is like being your sexual pet, and this,” I gestured at the envelope, “I’m sure is very much a trick, so our contract is null and void.”
“If I recall, you said you would not harm others,” he replied smoothly. “And drinking my blood once will not make you my pet. That role is clearly more…” he bit his bottom lip lustfully “…involved.”
“Ugh!” I groaned in frustration. “You’re a jerk!”
The insult didn’t seem to bother him if his leer was anything to go by. He shuddered momentarily as his fangs descended – the vamp equivalent of an erection. “I loffe thah fire wivin you.”
 “Put away those fangs,” I ground out, my gaze dropping with embarrassment while he adjusted the dental protrusions. “And you can forget about getting anything from Faerie. I’m delivering the ashes as planned, nothing more.”
His expression turned serious, deadly even. “Are you denying my request? I will not tolerate reneging on what is my due, Jessica. I order you to comply with our accord. Failure to do so means I can request a much larger payment of my choosing.” His chin lifted defiantly. “This is your final chance.”
Dammit, he was right. I could end up with a much bigger debt. I’d no choice but to get the blood. “Fine!” I barked, standing up and leaning over the table. He flinched ever so slightly, but I’d caught the movement. I grabbed the parchment and slung the knapsack over my shoulder. “Where’s the blasted entrance?”
Just then, his fancy watch chimed. “Her majesty will provide that imminently.”
“C’mon Eli,” I said to the wolf whose menacing stance promised more fabric alterations to the vamp’s attire. 
“Perhaps it’s best the animal doesn’t accompany you. You say he has no ties to the elves, but I wouldn’t risk it. The queen still feuds with Evenfall. He can wait with me, at least until sunrise.”
I muttered a few curses in Semyon’s direction, then bent down to Eli’s ear and spoke lowly. “Stay here until I come back, okay? Hide amongst the trees, so you don’t attract attention. If something happens...” I stood up, took off my jacket, then pulled the hoody over my head and set it on his back with the sleeves knotted around his chest. “Go South, past the Bayside bridge until you reach The Yards, and don’t move from there. Zeke’s guys, Shay and Jonah, will be able to trace my scent back here.” Eli whined once.
I turned to Semyon, who was sniggering for some reason, but I didn’t care to ask why. “I swear to the Goddess, if this wolf gets so much as a scratch on him, I’ll watch you sizzle under the noonday sun.”
He stepped into my personal space, his hand softly brushing away a lock of my hair. “Do not worry, Jessica. He will be safe with me.” He then gestured to the shimmering oblong opening beside the oak tree.
I grabbed my phone and went to pocket it when I saw several texts marked urgent from Zeke. “No, wait! Hang on. Something is wrong. I need to call Zeke.”
“No time,” Semyon replied crossly, then snatched the phone from my hand and pushed me into the portal to Faerie.


Having never been to this realm before, I expected green rolling fields, cotton candy clouds, and prancing nymphs. Instead, I entered an extensively large reception area with a cold marble floor, stark lights, glass walls, and sharply dressed corporate automatons milling about.
“Miss Darrows?” I turned to find a grey-suited man with cropped black hair and pointed ears standing behind a tall, illuminated reception desk. “Welcome to Fae Incorporated,” he smiled with cold efficiency. “You have the ashes?” I extracted the tiny urn from my bag, whispered a final farewell then passed it over the counter. “Excellent,” he replied, unceremoniously shoving it into a drawer, the movement causing his shirt collar to lower slightly, revealing a circle of grotesque purple bruises. I pulled my attention away from his injury and back to Daisy’s inurnment. Was Faerie disposing of her so disrespectfully? Before I could ask, his index finger pointed at my chest, hitting me with a powerful pulse of magic that made me feel momentarily dazed. “Security process complete. Follow me, please. The Banreeon will see you now.”
“Who’s Banreeon?”
“It means ‘queen’ in our language. Shoilse can also be used. It means, Majesty.” His tone clearly conveyed how dense he believed me to be. “Come along. Hurry up!”
His brisk gait meant I could barely take in the high-tech décor and holographic art, most of which depicted the glamorous queen at prestigious global events. We paused in front of two steel doors with full-length cylindrical ladder handles made of highly polished chrome. “You have three minutes starting now.”
“But we haven’t even entered yet,” I pointed out.
He ignored my comment and stepped ahead of me. “Shoilse,” he bowed. “Miss Jessica Darrows. Alchemist witch, formerly of The Hills Academy & Orphanage, and currently the most recently branded member of The Yards. She bears Zeke Bai’s insignia.” That last nugget of information caused the queen’s eyes to snap in my direction before she quickly schooled her expression to one of condescension. Boysen continued the introduction. “Miss Darrows has returned the remains of our fallen one, Daisy Dewdrops. The report detailing the events leading to Daisy’s death has been outlined in your agenda.”
“I read it,” she informed him coolly, then leaned back in her chair. “Leave us, Boysen,” she ordered with a flippant wave of her hand. The clerk made a crisp bow and departed.
It was only then I noticed Fae soldiers standing stock still against each wall of the room. They carried a plethora of weapons, one more deadly than the next, and that didn’t include whatever magical abilities they possessed. My gut clenched in a tight knot. I hated doing this. I hated being here, but if I didn’t follow through with Semyon’s favour, he’d request something truly exorbitant in lieu.
The queen sat behind a monstrously large and completely bare glass desk. No computer, tablet, or pen and paper marred the gleaming surface. Dressed in a Fae-designed white pants suit and five-inch heels, she wore her platinum hair shaved close to her head; striking, chunky jewellery adorned her neck and wrists. Her shrewd chocolate eyes took in every inch of my tatterdemalion appearance. I would have offered a greeting or even an apology of some kind, but I figured this was a situation where one spoke only when spoken to.
“Miss Darrows, approach.” Her accent was indiscernible, but English was not her mother tongue. There were multiple languages spoken in Faerie, but I didn’t dare ask which one was native to her. She motioned me over to the area in front of her, except there was nothing to sit on.
“Uhm…Thank you,” I replied, crossing the room to stand a couple of feet from the glass barrier. I registered something pressing against my ankle a second before the wave of a powerful spell washed over me, plunging me into a pool of slimy dark energy. My clothes felt soaked to the skin, yet, visibly, I was bone dry. Prying tendrils tried to enter my nose and ears, while others attempted to probe my memories. This was some next level prowler magic, triggered by an invisible tripwire. Tilting my chin upward, I held my breath, then pressed my lips tightly together to avoid inhaling and tasting what I knew would be something vile.
“Are you well?” the queen inquired, clearly amused at my struggle to keep the oppressive magic at bay. The Banreeon, it would seem, was quite the bully. No surprise she and Semyon were friends.
Pushing a hand into my jeans pocket, where I’d stashed a little dried ink for emergencies, I covered the pad of my index finger with the fine powder. After quickly murmuring a protection spell, I rubbed my lips, nose, and ears as if making a nervous gesture. Relief came when the sting of an elastic band snapping stung my face enough to make my eyes water but, at least it stopped the invasive conjuration. It buzzed erratically around me like an angry wasp before dissipating as suddenly as it appeared. Forcing calm into my tone of voice, I replied, “Yes, Majesty, I’m fine. Why would you ask?”
A single raised eyebrow combined with a sour expression conveyed her displeasure with my attitude. Crossing her legs elegantly, she pressed a hand under her chin. “Semyon Iamia informed my steward you have something for my attention.”
“Yes. He wanted me to deliver this to you.” I went to place the envelope on the table, but she snatched it from my hand like a lizard catching a fly.
“Nothing touches the table,” she admonished with a deep frown. Then doing a one-eighty, emotionally speaking, she smiled, intrigued.
“And why did he send you, specifically?
“I owed him a favour.”
“Hmmm,” she added, closely inspecting the engraved wax blob. “What do we have here?” Breaking the seal and extracting a piece of parchment, her eyes scanned the page several times before her arms became limp, and she stared into space for a long moment. “Where did you get this?”
“Semyon gave it to me a few minutes ago and asked to have its contents authenticated.”
“And why is the vampire interested in my affairs?” she snapped.
What the hell had Semyon gotten me into? “He didn’t say,” I shrugged innocently.
With a sharp flick of her wrist, the paper disappeared and, a large scroll appeared mid-air. She uttered a spell causing the dowels to spin furiously, unfurling reams of parchment before it came to a sudden stop. She peered closer but shook her head, frowning. “Impossible,” she murmured, then yelled a word or a name as if calling out for someone. An elderly Fae, dressed in a long tulle-like gown, suddenly appeared beside me.
“Gah!” I exclaimed, jumping with fright, but she ignored my reaction and hurried to the monarch’s side. 
As they exchanged words, the queen appeared livid, the woman, appeasing, apologetic even. The scroll was examined at length as they moved through specific sections until they reached the end. The queen glared at the other Fairy, who, with trembling hands, cast a spell illuminating the end section of the scroll. Together they compared both the scroll and Semyon’s certificate. Both gasped simultaneously. The queen angrily clicked her fingers, making the scroll disappear. She uttered words through a clenched jaw that sounded like ‘inscrewdoo.’ Or maybe it was, screw you? Anyway, the old Fairy nodded then began sobbing right before she disappeared.
Boysen cautiously peered around the door to announce the next appointment, but she dismissed him with a fierce scowl. It took a long moment, but once she’d collected herself from whatever caused her distress, she stood and eyed me shrewdly.
“Miss Darrows, what are you to Zeke Bai?”
“I’m not sure I understand the question.”
“You are a branded member of The Yards, are you not?”
“Ahhm…yes, I am.”
“And you wear his insignia? On your breast, no less.”
Heat flamed my cheeks. How could she know where it was located? “He..uhm..he did it to save my life when I was badly injured.”
She tsked impatiently, “He’ll never be done with that Opilio nonsense! The man collects Otherworlders like stray cats. There must be thousands of them in that dive he calls home.”
My gut instinct was to defend Zeke and explain that being an Opilio was his true calling and that The Yards was a wonderful place, utopian almost, but I thought better of it. The queen seemed highly strung. The less said, the better.
“And what is the vampire to you?”
The list was long, but my top three would be; a pain in the butt, a varlet, and an opportunistic vulture. “He’s just someone who helped me out and asked for a favour in return. Nothing more.”
“You speak the truth on all counts,” she declared imperiously. “I find it most unusual that the names of two very powerful males are connected to you. Perhaps you think you mean nothing to them, but they don’t appear to be as indifferent as you believe.”
I remained silent, leaving her to speculate all she wanted. I wasn’t going to provide any further personal information.
“And you aren’t just an alchemist witch either, are you Jessica?” Her tone was friendlier now, yet filled with dark intent. “I do believe I’m in the presence of the new ink mage.” I must have looked shocked because she shrugged and said, “I can feel it. All the realms do. They’re going to be a handful, by the way.” Her lips stretched into a fake smile. “Now, tell me everything about being a mage.”
I’d no idea if I could disclose mage information, not that I had much. Still, I didn’t want the queen as an enemy. I figured if talking about it was wrong, it would be easier to ask for forgiveness than permission. “I’ve been told a mage assists with an entity shift, but I could be wrong.”
Gleefulness had her smirking in a world domination way. All that was missing was an evil laugh and a bejewelled white cat. “Well, well, well, no wonder Zeke and Semyon are coveting you. We have a very pretty, unassuming ink mage in our midst, and Bai has already got you nestled very snugly in his territory.”
“I am no different than every other resident of The Yards,” I corrected evenly. She seemed to have a bit of a fixation on him and the vamp.
“Yet you’re the first to wear his insignia in centuries.” I was? How come Zeke never mentioned it? When I didn’t respond, she continued. “Is there anything else you want to tell me?”
My brow wrinkled in confusion. What else could she possibly want to know? “Uhm…no?”
“Well,” she chuckled mirthlessly, “I believe both men are enamoured with you, but it doesn’t seem reciprocated. For now.” Another knock sounded just before Boysen sheepishly stepped into the room. An unspoken conversation passed between them before she dismissed him. “I’m afraid our meeting has come to an end. Now, every visitor to my realm receives a parting gift, and you, my dear, are no different. What would you like?”
Oh, thank the Goddess I was getting out of here. “Semyon requested ritualized Kott blood.”
“Did he now?” She harrumphed, unimpressed. “And what does he want with such a rare item?”
“He didn’t say.”
“Well, he should have just come for it himself then, shouldn’t he.”
“I will be sure to pass on the message.” Semyon wouldn’t accept me coming back empty-handed. Damn, I really wanted our business deal over and done with.
“Nobody is denied their gift when visiting Faerie,” she retorted impatiently. “My clerk will have it for you at the reception desk.”
“Thank you, Your Majesty,” I nodded while stepping back. “Uhm, Semyon asked if you would confirm that the certificate is authentic.”
“I will speak with him directly. He has vexed me, and I am not one bit pleased with his antics.”
She stepped closer, her hand proffered for me to shake. Up close, she was even more imposing and had at least eight inches on me in those heels. Their style made me wonder if there was a floor-to-ceiling pole nearby. When our hands joined, her energy felt so dark, viscous, and invasive, I had to suppress a shudder.
“I’m curious, Jessica, what gift would you have requested for yourself?”
She didn’t release my hand but pressed her thumb against my skin in a weird way. “Nothing. Nothing at all.”
“How very sad,” she pouted. “I’ve never encountered such a thing. Everyone wants something.”
“I’ll leave you to your next appointment, Majesty.”
“You’re an orphan, right? What if I could tell you the identity of your parents?”
Oh, now she had my attention. “You know them?”
“How about you come back for a chat, and we’ll discuss it further?”
Not wanting to commit to another encounter but desperate to know more, I freed my hand and gave a quick nod as opposed to a bow.
“Oh, by the way, I’m placing a géas on this conversation. Expect a painful reaction if you attempt to disclose having seen me. You only saw Boysen for the blood and ashes.”
I’d heard of a géas before. It was the equivalent of a magical gagging order. I sighed inwardly and hoped that maybe I could find a way around it without strangling myself in the process. Semyon wouldn’t be happy if I couldn’t recount every last detail of my time here. “Really, that’s not necessary. I will keep this visit private.”
“Indeed you will.” Her hand pushed out toward me while she uttered words in a strange tongue, and almost instantly, I felt a stabbing pain deep in my throat, as if I’d been shot with a dart from a gun. I coughed, spluttered, and gasped for air while her Highness observed with cool detachment. When my airway no longer felt like it was collapsing, I practically ran for the door.

Boysen was waiting at the reception desk, his cold smile still in place. “Your request for Kott blood is currently being processed. It may take a little longer than anticipated. You will have to wait.”
“I could always come back another time,” I croaked, eager to get out of here. My eyes were streaming as if I’d been up close and personal with an onion.
“Your order has already been executed,” he replied snippily.
“Okay. When do you expect to receive it?”
The fairy tapped the screen of an unseen device and nodded. “It will be here in about ten mushrooms.” Noting my blank expression, he sighed. “Well, it’s not like waiting for an oak tree.”
“Sorry. I don’t know how time is calculated here.”
“Two human hours, give or take.”
“Thanks,” I rasped. “I’ll just sit over here if that’s okay?”
“This isn’t a bus shelter, Miss Darrows. We have a far more comfortable waiting area. Please, follow me.”
We meandered down a few windowless grey corridors that were akin to a maze before I was led into an opulent lounge. It was similar to what I imagined an upscale salon would resemble. But the white plush carpet, black leather chairs, sparkling chandeliers, and ornate glass tables were luxury on a level I’d never seen before, not even in Zeke’s penthouse, and that place had top-notch stuff. Two uniformed, winged fairies floated toward us.
“A human repast for Miss Darrows, please. She has ten hedgehog mushrooms to wait.”
Boysen promptly left, and I was quickly ushered into an elegant recliner to have my every whim tended to in terms of hospitality and comfort. The fairies were kind, gentle souls and more in line with what I pictured the inhabitants of Faerie would resemble. As time passed, I steered the conversation to the corporate environment, asking why people believed their realm was filled with trees, fields, flowers, and groves. The fairies exchanged a cautious look, seeming to converse telepathically. One shook her head despondently, then explained they weren’t at liberty to discuss their homeland. After that, the conversation became stilted, as if I’d broken some unspoken rule about a taboo subject.
By the time Boysen came to collect me, I was itching to get out of there. As we approached the opening to the portal, the clerk stopped, uncorked a large steel vial of Kott blood, and passed it under my nose as if it was a fine vintage wine. “Confirming reception of goods, Miss Darrows.”
A pungent odour wafted up my nose, making my eyes water. On the bottle was a hand-written label whose ink called to me like a siren’s song. I could smell the fresh scent of crisp mountain air, the hymns of the Kott Elves who worked hard to render the plant to an ink form, and the gentle kiss of the Goddess who blessed their work. Fascinated, I leaned in closer, and inhaled deeply. The ink was blended with sacred blood, meant only to adorn the skin of the warriors who protected the land. This mixture felt like a baptism by fire on their skin. For an outsider to take their blood meant they had to take a life.
 I leaned back in abject horror; an innocent elf was murdered all so Semyon could have his damn gift? How had the queen so callously sacrificed one of her own? Did the vampire know a life would be lost by requesting this?
Bile rose in my throat. “I don’t want it,” I told him, stepping away. “It’s a sacrilege to even possess it.”
“H-how can you tell?” The clerk frowned.
“I’m not touching that,” I continued, deliberately avoiding answering his question. “It should never have been taken from the Kott.”
The man’s face turned grim. “Well, too bad, witch. You requested it from the queen and, she provided it. There’s no refusing her Majesty’s gift. Ever.”
He packaged it into another Kott-proof container labelled with the same ink as was on the vial. Tears had been mixed in with the black liquid as the Kott said goodbye to their fallen friend. My eyes widened with the realization that they’d cursed the queen for having murdered their kin and added a volatile ingredient to the blood, ensuring death on whoever touched it.
“Open the portal, please. I want to leave.” Given his gaping mouth, it was clear he’d never had anyone refuse a present and was not qualified to handle the situation. But what he didn’t know was, if he got so much as a drop of it on him, he was a dead man.
“You’re leaving with this, Miss Darrows, or you are not leaving at all. Do I make myself clear?”
Power surged within me as my mage awakened with a fury I hadn’t felt since the night Zeke’s sister attacked me. My blood no longer flowed red but the unctuous onyx of the mage. Her magic filled every vein in my body, pushing the capillaries to the surface of my skin in what must’ve looked like an intricate and terrifying black web. “Open the portal, Fairy. I will not ask again,” I warned, then conjured a glob of ink in the palm of my hand. 
Whatever the receptionist saw gave him pause. “Very well,” he yielded. The oblong gateway leading back to the picnic area opened up. “Her Majesty will be most interested in hearing about your abilities.”
“Well run along and tell her,” I retorted coolly. “You need the exercise anyway.”
As I walked through the shimmering portal, I glanced over my shoulder and saw Boysen wearing a devilish smirk while looking at the vial. Whatever he was planning, it wasn’t good. I’d just landed on the cool grass when I saw movement in my periphery. The uncorked vial of blood was hurtling toward me from the egress. Outraged, I pivoted, launched the dollop of ink back toward the realm’s threshold while uttering a spell: Disintegrate.
I managed to duck out of the way as both ink and blood collided. A blinding flash of light detonated just as a deafening bang sounded. My ears rang painfully, my body flung back, slapping against something solid. Heavy snaps and cracks filled the air. Instinctively, I placed my arms over my head to protect myself from falling debris. Breathing became difficult from all the smoke and dust, but I couldn’t move to safer ground. Were my legs injured? I curled into the foetal position just as something rock hard slammed onto my hands and hit my head. Darkness danced on the edge of my vision, and I lost consciousness for a few seconds.
When silence settled over the area like a heavy fog, I got to my knees observing in puzzlement how everything was coated in white ash, myself included. With difficulty, I managed to stand upright, thankful nothing was broken, although my leg hurt, and I felt like one of those bobblehead dolls -like my head wasn’t on right. I also noticed my mage had retreated deep within. Looking around, there was no sign of Eli or Semyon.
“Eli?” I called gratingly. Between the dust and the géas, I sounded like a two-pack-a-day smoker. “C’mon out, it’s okay. Let’s go.” He wasn’t anywhere to be seen, which meant he’d probably gone to The Yards.
The gnarly oak tree had lost several branches, one of which was right beside me. That explained what had hit my head. Pete’s Pit-Stop was completely razed to the ground as if it had crumbled in on itself. I thought of the people working there and dashed over as quickly as my injured leg would allow. There were no windows left to holler through. It was just siding, bricks, and shingles all piled up and covered in the same chalky ash. A rhythmic, creaking noise sounded at what would’ve been the entrance to the diner facing the highway. I made my way around and saw an orange warning sign swaying in the wind.
“Metropolitan Gas. Restricted area. No access.”
Yellow caution tape was tied between two road cones standing several feet apart. Had it been a gas explosion and not an ink spell gone wrong? Did that mean the local emergency services had already come and gone? It certainly seemed to be the case. But how come nobody saw me lying on the ground? Plus, the sun was high in the sky, making me question how long I’d been in Faerie. It couldn’t have been more than a couple of hours, but evidently, that wasn’t the case.
Covering the perimeter twice, I called out for Eli but was forced to admit he wasn’t in hiding, so I returned around to the back to see if my car survived the blast. Limping heavily, I was breathless, dehydrated, and feeling nauseous when I finally spotted the old truck. It had been pushed clear across the lot and was wedged between a fence and a large dumpster. I wasn’t confident I could manoeuvre it out of there or if it was road-worthy. But even if it was drivable, handling the stiff pedals would be tough. Maybe a towing service would be the best option. But first, I needed to contact Zeke and see if Eli was at The Yards. If not, I’d check with Semyon.
My hand dipped into my jeans pocket for my phone when I remembered the vampire had snatched it out of my hand. Shit. He’d probably thrown it away too. Wedging open the damaged door, I hoisted myself into the driver’s seat and spotted the device on the floor near the brake pedal, which had me cheering inwardly. Grabbing it, I tried to power it up, but the battery was dead. That was weird. It had been fully charged when I’d ordered our food. Anxious to get out of here, I shoved it into my jacket pocket and turned the key in the ignition. The engine wheezed a barely audible rev before conking out completely. I gripped the wheel tightly while a litany of curses came to mind and stared straight ahead. That’s when I caught sight of Semyon’s luxury coupe parked exactly where he’d left it, except now it was dirty and dusty, but, more importantly, undamaged.
Thankfully, it wasn’t locked, and when the engine purred to life as soon as I pressed the starter button, I offered up thanks to the superior motor gods. Wincing in pain as I pressed down on the accelerator, I knew the two-hour journey to The Yards would probably feel a lot longer, but it didn’t matter as long as Eli was safe. Or, at least I hoped he was. I couldn’t imagine telling Parsons I’d lost his conundrum only hours after him being in my care. This is exactly why I would never have kids. Child Services would remove them.
Chapter 2

A sigh of relief that escaped me when crossing over the invisible magical boundary leading to The Yards on Bayside’s extensive Wharf’s End. The place had a reputation as a vibrant, commercially thriving supernatural community run by Zeke Bai, whose species was unknown to all but a few. I, however, would describe him as a gorgeous supposed-fallen angel, partial demon, and the man whose jade green eyes, somehow, soothed my battered heart.
Something thrummed lightly within me, and I recognized it as the remnant brand he’d marked me with, the same insignia Oxana had felt. Zeke was fiercely protective of his people, and to live in The Yards, candidates had to run through hoops in the form of crazy challenges and then swear life-long fealty to him, by branding, no less. Nobody got to stay on his turf without wearing his crest, and I was no exception. Although I did subsequently cast a spell to demolish mine, hence the residuum. Our relationship had gone through several phases ranging from non-existent to barely tolerable before finishing with ‘hey, this could be fun.’
Zeke had phoned me two days ago to say everything was fine again with his community and convinced me to return. He’d wanted Jimmy, my jinn friend, to pick me up and disapparate us instantaneously, but I’d declined, preferring to just drive there. In truth, I wanted to get a sense of how things really were in The Yards. And there was nothing like crossing their manned security barrier to give you an indication of what folks thought of you. I’d had my share of run-in’s there and felt confident it truly was the pulse of the community where you were met with humour or hostility.
Speaking of hostility, I had yet to tell Zeke I’d accidentally stolen Katy’s magic during her attack on me. I was pretty sure he was going to be pissed about that. I’d tried touching on the topic several times, but as soon as I’d mention her name, he’d change the subject. I let it be because he was going through a tough time with her arrest. The only update I’d garnered about Katy since her apprehension was from the Magical Nightly News, where, reportedly, the Magistrar had handed her down a life sentence in a maximum-security Otherworlder prison. So, yeah, discussing Katy was going to be as pleasant as doing the samba on Lego.

A young shifter guard emerged from the security booth flanking the entrance. His confused expression quickly turned to shock when he recognized me. Yeah, I was pretty sure this was red flag number one that coming here so soon after Katy’s coup was a bad idea. The guard dashed back into the booth and grabbed his phone. No doubt, alerting Shay and Jonah– Zeke’s right-hand guys– that I was back.
“Hey Choops,” I called cheerily as he approached. His brawny arms were covered in two half sleeve tattoos with ink I’d made especially for him. “See a black wolf come through here?”
“Jess, dammit. Where have you been? Everyone’s been out searching for you.”
“They have? I’m just a little late.” I smiled. “It’s no biggie.”
“Let me try calling Zeke again,” he mumbled before extracting his cell phone and letting it ring. “Dammit. It’s going straight to voice mail.”
“It’s all good. I’ll just continue on, alright?”
“You know, some folks were pretty sure you were dead. Others thought they’d never see your face ‘round these parts again.” Yep, I was expecting things to be a little frosty but not glacial. 
“I don’t get it, Choops,” I frowned in confusion, “Zeke knew I was coming today.”
His lips pressed together in displeasure. “Anyway, he’s at Jimmy’s.”
“Ahhmm, I just wanted to shower and change first because─”
He was already shaking his head. “Negative. No stopping. Go straight there.”
His attitude was irritating, but I contained my emotions. I’d rather not risk causing trouble five seconds after getting here. “Sure, no problem.”
His eyes roved over the vehicle, his lips tightening as his nostrils flared when it registered whose car I was driving. “Ballsy move showing up in the vamp’s ride.”
“Nice seeing you again, Choops,” I replied with barely concealed ire. I felt like telling him to mind his own damn business, but I got that he was loyal to Zeke, and I got that he thought I caused all the problems with Katy. Still, he had absolutely no idea of the truth.
On the short drive to Jimmy’s bar, my thoughts ran to Zeke. During the two weeks spent at The Hills, there wasn’t a day I didn’t think of him. Being back made me realize how much I’d missed him and the few good friends I’d made in the couple of months I’d lived here. When Shay and Jonah first brought me to The Yards to meet Zeke, I’d been homeless, hungry and drowning in debt. I hadn’t expected to stay here, or like it, much less develop relationships, but I had, and I fell for Zeke: Hard. For the first time ever, I was looking forward to seeing where our newfound connection would lead. I was also looking forward to renting my own place and getting my magical ink business up and running again.
Right now, the only commercial space I could afford was in Fern View Square. The name was quite the misnomer. No green leaves or bracken fiddleheads grew anywhere, and rent was cheap for a reason. It was a lawless no man’s land situated between the Otherworld communities of Bordertown and The Yards. Everything was for sale there, from wild ogre mucus to cannibals memories. The epicentre of this dark playground was Fern View’s version of The Titty Twister Bar, known as Snake Bite Tavern. It was run by Vivian, a viper shifter who was surely a descendant of Medusa because that woman’s looks could kill. I’d had my own share of run-ins with her when I had to pay exorbitant restitution to a crime lord after Bossman’s death. I’d delivered my hard-earned monthly cash payments to Vivian, but on one occasion, when I was a few hours late with the money, she had her troll barman break my arm. A few months later, she’d caught me doing a deal in the alley adjacent to her bar and shot me in the ankle. Justice was iffy in the square, and the murder count was high, but not arrests. People laid down their own version of the law, and it was brutal. The Magistrar’s office was known to look the other way and let mob rule prevail. Yeah, Fern View was not for the faint of heart. 
Maybe I should just run an online business.
A parking spot opened up directly in front of Jimmy’s bar, and I decided to take it as a positive omen. Hopefully, Eli made it here safely, and I’d see him hanging out with Shay and Jonah. A large form appeared beside the passenger door before the person bent down and peered at me with owlish eyes. Mel, the bar’s hefty and affable bouncer, didn’t look too happy to see me. He motioned for me to lower the window. Maybe I should’ve parked a few streets over and tried to make it on foot. I activated the control button, and only the quiet whirr of the descending glass broke the silence between us. He leaned heavy elbows on the door frame.
“You came back in the vamp’s car? Seriously?”
“Happy to see you too, Mel,” I said with a forced smile. “See a black wolf trotting about? He’s quite big, so kinda hard to miss.” He shook his head. I wasn’t going to get any information until I met with his boss. “Zeke upstairs?”
He glanced quickly in both directions, then lowered his voice. “A lot of folks ain’t happy with you.” He caught my brow rising toward my hairline and raised both palms. “I’m only trying to give you a head’s up.”
“Thanks, but I’ll be fine.” Mel was a softy at heart, and I couldn’t help but admire the fact that he wanted to protect me, despite my reputation of being public enemy number one. I exited the vehicle and activated the locking system.
Mel’s hand reached up, “toss me your keys, Jess. I’ll take it ‘round back.”
To say there was valet parking at Jimmy’s bar was like saying KFC had a Maitre D. But I wasn’t going to argue. He could’ve stopped me going inside; instead, he gave me a head’s up on how bad things were with me versus the community. Why had Zeke said things were fine when obviously, they weren’t?
I pitched the keys, which he quickly caught mid-air. As I limped heavily toward the bar’s entrance, the noise of grinding gears, harsh revving, and tires squealing made me wince. It sounded like Mel wanted to mince the engine. Not that I cared for the car, I just didn’t want to owe Semyon any more favours, which meant returning it in good working order.
The place was packed, as usual, and I did my best to ignore the nasty glares thrown my way. There was no sign of Jimmy tending to her thirsty customers, and I couldn’t help but feel disappointed.
“Oh, looky who’s here.” The sultry Southern accent was unmistakable.
Spinning around, I came face to face with my best friend. Jimmy, a mocha-skinned male jinn with fabulously coiffed black hair, expertly applied makeup, fake boobs, fake eyelashes, and a penchant for glitzy cocktail dresses. Today, she wore an ivory and black halter neck maxi summer dress that enhanced her toned arms and shimmering skin. Her fist rested on a cocked hip, her expression unreadable, but I could see the hurt behind the mask, and I hated that for some reason, I was the one who’d put it there.
“Good to see you, Jimmy.” It took everything within me not to hug her. “You look fabulous, as always.”
Her arms folded under her chest. “Well, honey, you look like ten piles of shit. And I ain’t being nasty, that’s not my way, and you know that. Just telling it like I see it.”
My mouth was agape for all of two seconds before I snapped it shut. “Well…uhm.” I glanced down at my bedraggled dust-covered clothes, “you’re right. Thanks, I guess.” I looked around, suddenly registering the silence and nasty glares. I couldn’t help feeling disappointed and saddened that nothing had changed here.
She sighed deeply and looked at me fondly before gently rolling her eyes. “If I give you a hug, are you gonna start crying?”
“Big time.” No point in denying it. I was about to spring a leak. “But I’m all dirty, and you’re all beautiful.”
“Well, c’mon in anyway,” she said, folding me into her warm embrace, and I held her so tightly I had no breathing room. It felt perfect.
When she held me at arm’s length, I blurted out how sorry I was, but I didn’t know how I’d hurt her, and she was right. I looked like ten piles of shit, but before I could tell her what happened, she shook her head. “Not now, Peaches, later, mmmkay?”
“Oh, okay,” I said, nodding slowly, wicking the moisture off my dirty cheeks.
“Right now, you need to g’on up there and sort yourself out with Zeke.”
“Why? What’s wrong?” I asked, baffled.
“Just remember, if it all goes to Hell in a handbasket, I’ll meet you at the boundary, and we’ll have us some girl time.”
“You’ll still want to hang out with me?”
“Of course, I will!” she smiled brightly. “Now y’all can barely walk. I don’t even wanna know why, but I’ll bring you upstairs.”
“That’d be just great,” I said, tearing up again.
We disapparated, and an instant later, she deposited me in the mezzanine area located behind the bar. “Okay then,” she whispered, “I gotta go ‘cause I’m busier than a moth in a mitten ‘round here.” She air-kissed my cheeks then hurried back to the bar.
I surreptitiously entered the unmanned reception area, which looked a mess. Wendy, the previous receptionist, was fired after erasing Zeke’s name as my emergency contact down at the jail. I’d been wrongly convicted of a double homicide, and thanks to Wendy’s interference, I’d sat injured in a putrid cell for three days before being released. When Zeke found out, he’d given her the option to disappear or die. She’d wisely chosen the former. I guess he hadn’t gotten around to finding a replacement.
I hesitated a moment in front of Zeke’s office door. My heart hammered like it was full of woodpeckers, and I was sure a few pints of blood drained to my toes. To think, only minutes earlier, I’d been excited to be back. Still, I knew I had done nothing wrong, so I knocked lightly.
“What?” Zeke barked gruffly.
Damn! What was he so mad about? This couldn’t be because I was late and drove here in Semyon’s car, right? Was this about the urgent texts I hadn’t responded to? Choops and Mel both mentioned the vamp, so maybe this was because Zeke found out about my owing Semyon a favour.
I reminded myself that, ultimately, I was here for Eli. If Zeke had changed his mind about my visiting, well, I’d just do a u-turn and leave. Pressing down the handle, I hobbled inside, trying my best not to appear like a frightened mouse. I knew I looked an absolute mess, but I kept my back straight and my chin up, though I couldn’t do anything about my heart pounding like it was racing toward the finish line.
His back was turned, allowing me to appreciate his solid six-foot-five frame. He wasn’t wearing his usual white shirt and grey slacks, but some sort of tactical gear. He was on the phone, the tension evident in his posture. “Report back in an hour,” he clipped. He rubbed a hand over blonde hair that was shaved tight on both sides, the centre braided tightly and knotted at the back of his head.
“Hey there,” I announced breezily, managing to hide the tremor in my voice. I hated that I felt intimidated. “How are things?”
He whipped around, his jade eyes cold and hard, his mouth set in a tight line. But then he seemed to realize it was me, and his expression changed to one of surprise. Maybe it was due to my post-blast state. There was also a flash of concern, which was quickly masked when he rushed over, picked me up, and cradled me in his strong arms.
“Jess.” He uttered my name like a prayer as his warm breath fanned my neck. “You’re here. You’re back.” I could detect pain in his tone, but I’d no idea why. “You’re back,” he repeated.
“And only a little late,” I chuckled, hugging him close. I felt so relieved that whatever was wrong, it wasn’t because of me.
“A little late?” he parroted, leaning away. “You think you’re a little late?”
My injured leg felt like it was on fire. “Hang on. Let me sit down while we talk.” I shuffled over to the big leather couch and eased into its soft folds, rolling my eyes with relief.
“You’re hurt?”
“Nothing serious.”
He brought me a glass of water and waited until I’d downed it before continuing. “Better?”
“Much, thanks.”
He took up position on the edge of the coffee table. “I just need to let the guys know you’re here.” He quickly keyed a text in his phone, and a series of beeps followed. “Okay,” he said, putting the device aside and turning his focus back to me. “What happened?” His eyes trailed over my dishevelled appearance. “Where have you been?”
Should I start with the favour to Semyon, or, ask about Eli? I suppose it was best to begin with the blast. Just as I was about to explain, he continued speaking.
“Has it something to do with that vamp?” He braced his forearms on his thighs and linked his fingers together. He was really on edge, and my being a few hours late couldn’t be the cause.
“Semyon?” I frowned. “Why does everyone think I’m with him? What’s really going on? Did something happen?”
“Let’s start with you,” his regard softened as he motioned toward my leg.
“I just stopped at Pete’s drive-thru on my way here today, and Semyon showed up to call in a favour I owed him─”
Zeke’s eyes momentarily narrowed to slits. “I thought you said you didn’t owe him a favour.”
We got to that subject a lot faster than anticipated. Still, it was a hurdle that had to be crossed. “Not true,” I corrected. “I said I wasn’t trapped. There’s a difference.”
He shook his head. “He makes everyone think they’ve an out, but they don’t. He’ll find a way for you to keep owing him.” He passed a hand over his head, displeased. “Fates, Jess, why didn’t you tell me about it?”
“Really, Zeke?” I propped myself upright, looking him square in the eye. “I had very valid reasons for not informing you or anyone of my business with Semyon. I’d been accused of multiple murders, thrown in jail, attacked, and ostracised. I had absolutely no one in my corner except Parsons. Nobody believed I was innocent, including you. Having a Weirheid potion that he procured for me was the only ace up my sleeve when my execution was looming on the horizon. So yes, I had to owe Semyon a favour for that, but I don’t regret it for a second. I did what I could to survive, even if it meant taking a draught which, by the way, would have killed me because I had already ingested your Weirheid serum twice.” I took a long breath to quell the water building in my eyes.
“Yes, of course. You’re right,” he admitted, mollified. “I’m so sorry. I wasn’t accusing you of anything.” He folded his arms across his expansive chest, the motion making his biceps swell. “But you’re limping, and you look like you fell into a vat of flour.” A low growl escaped his throat, “and I can’t help but think that he hurt you.”
I bit back a sharp retort, replying evenly. “He didn’t.”
“But he’s involved.”
“Look, we stopped for food on the way here today─”
“Hang on, we? As in you and Semyon?”
“No, I have a wolf in my care. Eli is from the orphanage. Parsons is poorly and put him under my protection. You didn’t happen to see him, did you? I told him to come here if I was delayed.”
“So you and Eli stop for food,” he prompted, deliberately avoiding my question.
I quickly explained about Semyon showing up to claim his favour, going to Faerie with Daisy’s remains, and the ensuing explosion that knocked me out momentarily. Because of the géas, I couldn’t mention meeting the queen, but I also omitted Semyon wanting the Kott blood. I felt they were details that didn’t concern Zeke.
“When I came to, there was rubble everywhere. Nothing was left standing, not even Pete’s diner. Semyon had gone, along with Eli. I had no phone and no means of transportation because my pick-up died. Semyon had left his car behind, so I took it. I really didn’t think borrowing his vehicle was going to get everyone so riled up.”
“Jess, Pete’s place exploded four days ago.”
“What?” I gasped. “That’s impossible.” When he didn’t say anything to the contrary, my brows knitted together in bewilderment. The branch that hit me had only dazed me. I was certain I’d only lost consciousness for a few seconds. “What date is it today?”
“The 15th,” he answered distractedly while scrolling through his phone. “Here’s an article on the incident.”
I took the device and quickly skimmed through the news report. “Two employees with minor injuries, cause of the blast was a gas leak. The owner plans to rebuild.” I double-checked the date when the piece was written, and it was exactly four days earlier. I returned his phone as a million questions ran through my head.
“Do you know where the vamp is now?” Zeke pinned me with an intense regard.
“I can’t even tell you where I was, so how could I possibly know the whereabouts of a quasi-stranger?”
“A stranger,” he repeated casually, but I could tell he was forcing himself to remain calm.“He may have a different opinion. Have a look at this.” Again, he passed me his device.
Security footage from a nearby camera was retrieved, and the one image it captured was the moment Semyon’s hand brushed my hair. Crap. My cheeks heated with embarrassment. I almost spouted the old ‘that’s not what it looks like’ excuse. Instead, I looked Zeke square in the eye. “You really think I was hooking up with him? After everything we’ve been through, you still don’t trust me?”
His brow furrowed. “Of course I trust you. Besides, you look like you wanted to stab him.” He scrolled through the phone then passed it to me again.
My shoulders eased from tension I hadn’t realize I was holding. “There’s more?”
He leaned over, swiped the screen, and pointed to a thread of text messages from what appeared to be my phone number.
Zeke: ‘Urgent – Jess, tell me where you are. I need to send Jimmy to pick you up.
Zeke: Jess! Where are you? Something’s wrong with Katy. Call me, please. It’s really important.
Jess: This is Semyon. Jess can’t come to the phone right now. She’s undressing for me.
That was followed by a photo of me in the background, my back to the camera. I’m pulling off my hoody and am completely naked from the waist down. The vampire in the foreground is winking at the camera with his fangs extended. My mouth fell agape in complete bafflement. Dammit! That’s why he’d been sniggering like a hyena. I was going to impale that sucker the next time I saw him!
“Did he make you take your clothes off?” A vein popped in Zeke’s neck and his jaw ticked with tension. I’d seen him like that right before he pulled a guy’s head off. If Semyon had been here, I’m pretty sure he’d minus a noggin.
“No!” Taking the device, I expanded the image to get a close-up of the bum then returned it to him. “That’s not my lower body. It’s photo-shopped.” He appeared like he wanted to say more, but I didn’t give him a chance. “Now, enough about the vampire. What was the emergency with Katy?”
His expression became pained. “She’s dead.”
My hand flew to my mouth in shock. “Zeke, I’m so sorry. What happened?”
“One of the wardens called and said she was suffering from magical depletion. When I couldn’t reach you, I had Bada, my Kahinan, visit her in the prison’s medical wing. She said when you ‘Stained’ her, you took her magic, her life-connection. I guess Bada’s prediction of you extinguishing her came true after all.”
Bada was his priest or shaman as well as a demon transporter, and she’d foreseen that I would kill Katy and warned her twice. “Look, it wasn’t deliberate. It just happened.”
“I wish I’d known her magic was gone.” His eyes became glassy. “It would’ve given me time to prepare.”
“I tried to tell you, but─”
“We weren’t even allowed to take her body or have a crossing-over ceremony,” he continued, “because she was a criminal. One visit was allowed after Bada told us she was dying. That’s when I got to say goodbye, and she expired a few minutes later.”
Katy had done her damndest to make my life a living Hell. She’d tried to frame me for multiple murders she’d committed, even going so far as to poison her own brother, all to have me executed. When that didn’t work, she tried to take me out herself. So while I felt little remorse at her passing, I did understand Zeke’s grief for the sister he remembered before she went bat shit crazy.
“Look, everything that night passed in a blur,” I explained. “During the attack, it seemed like I’d somehow absorbed her magic, but I had my doubts as to whether it was real or imagined. A few days later, I asked Parsons about it and he’d said I should tell you, immediately.”
Zeke’s eyes snapped to mine, a world of hurt reflecting back. “Parsons knew as well?”
“Yes, and he’d urged me to tell you, which I tried to do, several times. When you said you didn’t want to discuss anything about Katy, I thought it was best to wait until we could talk face to face. I had no idea it would affect her life expectancy.”
A frown suddenly marred his features. “Is her magic still in you?” Despite the loss, the disgust at what his sister had become was undeniable. “Are you….are you a Warper now?”
I shook my head. “No, the magic dissolved almost instantly.”
With a look of relief, Zeke pocketed his phone, leaning his elbows on his thighs again. “So, any idea what the vamp could be up to with those shots of you?”
The swift change of subject back to Semyon made my shoulders slump. Clearly, confronting the vampire was at the top of his priority list. But I didn‘t have the energy to keep looping on the subject. I felt like I’d gone a few rounds in the ring and needed a shower, some rest, and to find my wolf. Not in that particular order.
“No idea,” I said wearily.
“He posted stuff to The Yards social media platforms under your name and insulted everyone, from our security teams to Jimmy. He didn’t spare her, that’s for sure. It was really nasty stuff too. Naturally, everybody believes it was you.”
No wonder Jimmy appeared hurt, and folks were giving me the evil eye. “Look, it wasn’t me, and I’ll make sure everyone knows my account was hacked. I’ll talk to Jimmy in a few minutes and explain what happened.” And I’d certainly be dealing with Semyon later on.
Inwardly, I took a mental step back. This really wasn’t how I’d imagined seeing Zeke again would be like. Understandably, he was mourning, so all I could do was offer the traditional condolences to honour his grieving state before leaving. I moved to the edge of the couch and stood awkwardly. “Zeke, may your sister’s love reside in the four corners of your heart, may you be free from the trouble of her sudden passing, and may the connection of your blood never be severed.”
He replied accordingly. “Your words give me strength.”
“For what it’s worth, I’m so very sorry,” I continued softly. “I’d never have intentionally harmed her.” He nodded briefly, then glanced away. It felt like a dismissal, and it stung that he didn’t want me here. “Right then, I better get going. Can you just tell me if Eli is here?”
His head snapped back. “But you just got back, and you’re injured.”
“I came for my wolf. Is he here?”
“Hang on, I’ll have Jax see to your injury, and once you’re cleaned up, we can grab a bite to eat.”
“Zeke,” I warned, “is my wolf here or not? Tell me.”
The Opilio regarded me at length. “He’s here.”
“Oh, thank the Goddess. I want to see him.”
He frowned at how relieved I was. “Like I said, we’ll see to your injuries and ─”
“No! Right now,” I tacked on a ‘please,’ as an afterthought.
“Fine,” he sighed while keying a text to someone. “Jimmy will be along in a minute.” Just then, his phone rang. He checked the caller I.D. and immediately answered. “Any news?” He listened to the person at the other end then spoke again. “Okay, keep searching. Have some flyers printed and posted everywhere from here to the human side of town. Thanks.”
“What’s wrong?” I asked.
“Two of our Fae are missing. We’re not sure since when as they were away visiting family for the past week.”
Before I had a chance to offer any help, Jimmy popped in and went to grab our hands. I stepped out of reach to get her attention. “Hey, Jimmy, hang on just a sec.” I held up a hand. “Listen, I just heard about those posts targeting you on social media. All I can say is I’m truly sorry you had to go through that, but I swear it wasn’t me. Semyon stole my phone and hacked my account. I’d rather die than hurt you. You’ve been the only real friend I’ve ever had.”
Jimmy smiled. “Well, I was shocked as a fly in a bug zapper, and it did hurt some, but then there was this one post that made me suspect it wasn’t really you.”
“What did it say?”
“Jimmy ain’t nothin’ but a naggin’ old dude followin’ me around with Jessica this and Jessica that.”
“That’s so mean.” Semyon was a dead man walking.
“Sure is. But I ain’t never no-how called you Jessica. You be Peaches ‘til the day I die. And you’d never, ever call me anything but fab-u-lous. We’re a ride-or-die pair you an’ me.”
I hugged Jimmy so hard I knocked the wind out of her. “I love you, Jimmy.”
“You’re the berries for me, too. Now you better get me a ring-side seat to whatever ass-whopping you wanna give that vamp. Mmmkay?”
“It’s a promise.”
“Alright then. Hold on y’all.” Jimmy clasped our hands, disapparating us out of the room.


We landed in a sterile corridor, where a couple of inebriated shifters occupied the adjacent cells. From their freshly stitched cuts, blossoming bruises and remorseful behaviour, they’d most likely gotten into a brawl and were now whispering apologies to one another.
“Is this a jail?” I asked Jimmy while Zeke exchanged a couple of words with the burly guard on duty.
“It’s a holding area in the lower levels of the hospital. Sort of a magical time-out zone.” She thumbed toward the beat-up shifters. “Those two were in the bar last night knocking back Fey Time like it was their mama’s milk. I’m not surprised to see them down here. They didn’t look too steady when they left.”
“Thanks, Jimmy,” Zeke offered as he approached.
“For nothing,” the jinn smiled. “I’m gonna leave now, but hollah if y’all need anything.”
With Jimmy gone, I turned to Zeke. “Eli’s in a cell? What did he do wrong? I mean, he’s just a kid.”
Zeke’s frame towered over mine. “You were missing for two days when a strange wolf wearing your sweater shows up here. What am I to think only he had something to do with your disappearance?”
Behind me, a frosted glass door opened up. Eli sat upright, the hoody still tied around him. He was filthy, but otherwise, seemed okay.
“Eli!” I exclaimed, and the wolf came bounding over, his tongue lolling out of his mouth. I noticed Zeke stayed right next to me as if he’d need to intervene. Kneeling down, I hugged the wolf from sheer relief. “You did exactly as I asked. You’re such a good boy,” I praised and fluffed his ears as Zeke mumbled something.
The cell was bright and clean. Bowls of food and water sat in a corner, and in his bed were several plush toys and fleece blankets; unusual, given this was a punitive place. Maybe whoever tended to his daily outings thought to pamper him a little?
“I bet you can’t wait to get out of here,” I smiled, standing up. “That makes two of us.”
“Not so fast,” Zeke interjected. “First of all, you’re injured, and second of all, I’m not letting a wolf that even an alpha can’t force into a shift roam about my town. I don’t know of any lycan capable of resisting the order of an ancient alpha unless they’re of equal dominance. This one,” he said, pointing at Eli, “doesn’t have that level of dominance.”
I could only imagine what Eli went through being forced into a shift he couldn’t make. “Parsons said he’s unable to make the change to human form except during the full moon, and even then, he can’t communicate. How many times did you try and force the transition on him?” Eli whined, giving me the answer, and I stroked the thick, coarse fur on his head in commiseration. “Ugh, I can’t believe you had to go through that.”
“His inability to shift doesn’t explain why the elves have been coming here to personally decorate his cell. Got any theories on that?”
Eli and I exchanged a brief look. His head tilted slightly before he sat by my side as if to say, I’ll let you take this one. Even if Semyon had picked up an Evenfall scent off of him, I’d no way of knowing if that was the truth or just more vamp lies. “Uhm…don’t elves normally have housekeeping duties?”
“Housekeeping, yes. Cell décor, no.” His phone dinged, and he checked the screen. “Jax will see you now. He’s four floors up.” He threw a look at Eli. “See he stays in line and follows orders, or he’s coming right back here.”
“Sure,” I replied impassively, just as Eli huffed a laugh.
Jimmy’s boyfriend, Dr. Jax, who was also a jinn, wanted to check me for a concussion and run a battery of tests. He asked Eli if he wouldn’t mind waiting in the corridor, so the nurse could help me undress. Jax spoke to Eli as an equal, and it warmed my heart that he trusted him right off the bat, unlike some other people.
Once I’d donned one of those paper gowns, Jax conducted a whole spectrum of tests, from a magical scan to a general physical.
“Well, you have a bad sprain in your ankle and some internal bruising on your hand” he gestured toward the area between my finger and thumb. “Strange that there’s no external damage.” He moved back to the small table serving as a desk and checked his notes. “Right now, I’m more concerned about the memory lapse. Have you had any kind of recall or flashbacks since waking up?”
“No, nothing.”
“We have a doctor specializing in amnesia reversal. Dr. Nella’s a solitary witch with a stellar record for resolving memory loss. If you don’t mind, I’d like to get you a consultation with her.”
“Couldn’t Jimmy see into my memories? She’s done it before.”
He shook his head with a wry smile. “Jimmy can skim through memories, but that ability has its limitations. Retrieving events that are completely absent requires more specialized care.”
“Okay. When should I make an appointment?”
“I’ll send in the referral, and her office will contact you soon. It’s usually no more than a couple of days wait, and the preliminary evaluation can be done right here.”
“Will you be here? During the evaluation, I mean.” Maybe I sounded like a right wuss for asking, but given all that had happened in the last year, I trusted very few people and felt my skittishness was justified.
Jax regarded me fondly as if he could see through my insecurities. “I’m afraid not, but don’t worry, if I had to see anyone for a memory issue, it would be her without a doubt. I trust she’ll take good care of you.”
I was fairly certain he’d have said the same thing about Katy. Nobody could’ve imagined the Boho-chic beauty who ran the hospital would turn out to be a serial killer. “So I’m good to go?”
“Actually, as your physician, there’s something I’m duty-bound to inform you.”
Oh, that didn’t sound good. I braced myself for the bad news. “Alright, I’m listening.”
“Because you have amnesia, the wolf in your care has to have supervision from another shifter.”
“Jax, really, there’s no problem. I’m perfectly capable of caring for Eli. I’d never let any harm come to him.”
He raised his palms to appease my protestation. “I know that. But the law is very clear when it comes to Otherworlder youth protection. It’s either that, or you’ll be forced to surrender Eli.”
“Well, it’s not a problem because I wasn’t even planning on staying here anyway. I just came to pick him up.”
“Then you’ll definitely lose him to the authorities, or even worse, the foster system.”
“The foster system’s for minors,” I countered. “Eli’s an adult. He aged out of the academy, which is why he was put in my care in the first place.”
Jax removed a pale green page from the folder he’d brought with him and passed it to me. It was Eli’s Otherworld Registry form. Every supernatural had to have their type, abilities, and strengths recorded with the Magistrar’s office. It wasn’t public information, but it still required a legal process for someone to obtain it. I was sure it didn’t hold any useful data, or Parsons wouldn’t have referred to the wolf as a conundrum.
“I requested Eli’s data when he wasn’t responding to the alpha’s commands. Instead of transforming to a human, Eli just contorted in agony.”
“Yeah, I heard the alpha thought it was a dominance thing.” I fumed, thinking of all the pain and fear Eli went through. “Isn’t a shifter’s power level the first thing they all sense?”
“Supposedly,” Jax offered. “That’s why I placed an immediate and indefinite suspension on all attempts to force him to shift. At least until we knew more about him.”
I perused the document, curious what the Magistrar’s office had on file. He was an orphan, nothing surprising there. He’d been living at the Hills Orphanage for six months and was officially five years of age. That was weird. Parsons had said he was an adult. I guess the Magistrar’s stats weren’t up to date. Or perhaps Parsons hadn’t reported that he’d aged so quickly. Prior to arriving at Orphanage, he’d been a stray and was found wounded and emaciated. Poor Eli! My heart ached for all that he’d been through. I couldn’t imagine how anyone didn’t want to rescue him. He was smart, well-behaved, fun, and loyal. He deserved stability and security, and if that meant having an extra person supervising us, then it was a no-brainer. 
“Well, Jess? Learn anything new?”
I noticed his shifter type was checked off as ‘other.’ “What do they mean by other?” I asked, passing back the form.
“Not something I’ve ever seen or heard of before,” Jax replied. “Even more confusing is his age, don’t you think? This says he’s only five years old, but the Alpha pegged him to be a young adult.”
“Parsons had him placed with me because he’d aged out but was still in need of care.” A wave of shame fell over me. I felt I was failing Parsons by screwing up his conundrum’s life. That reminded me, I hadn’t even contacted Parsons to let him know I was okay. I immediately put that at the top of my to-do list.
“Well, thankfully, Parsons helped him get a fresh start with you.” Jax rubbed his face, his regard pensive. “I mean, the kid’s origins are certainly a mystery, and I’d be curious to learn more, but getting him settled in and feeling safe is the main goal right now. So, here’s what I think is the best course of action,” Jax crossed his arms. “We need to keep the authorities as far away from Eli as possible because we don’t want their magical-anomaly radar pinging. I don’t know how it hasn’t already happened given this data, but let’s hope things stay the way they are. In the meantime, we’ll need to do everything by the book.”
I was happy to hear Jax had Eli’s well-being at heart. “So, how does the supervision thing work?”
“Normally, we go according to the age and needs of the individual. Eli appears to be an adult and would probably only require intermittent supervision. However, because the record states he’s five years old, he would require live-in supervision 24-7, at least until you’re deemed healthy.”
“But what if I never get my memories back?”
“Never is a long time,” he offered lightly. “We’ll do things in stages. Evaluations are conducted at regular intervals to see how well each of you is adapting to the situation, and adjustments are made only when necessary.”
“Who appoints the supervisor?”
“I do,” Jax smiled. “But we call them guardians. Now, I have someone from The Yards who is qualified for the job. He can be here shortly to meet with you both and work out the details like living arrangements, schedules, etc.” Jax shrugged, “nothing complicated at all.”
“So, as of today, a complete stranger lives with us and constantly evaluates us?” I found the notion terrifying, like being caged.
“Unfortunately, if you want to keep Eli, that’s how it’s got to be. Now,” Jax stood, “I’ll send the request over to those concerned and have you all meet up here before you’re discharged.”
“That quickly?”
“We have guardians ready to assist at any time.” His eyes shifted to the door. “I have to go.” He squeezed my arm reassuringly, “It’ll be fine, Jess. Now, Jimmy is right outside, waiting for you.”
Both jinns kissed briefly in passing, the love between them palpable.
“All good, Peaches?” Jimmy beamed a wide smile, her elegant form framing the doorway of the examination room. Shay and Jonah suddenly appeared behind her, along with Eli, who slipped past them and trotted over to my side. I patted his head before sinking my fingers into his thick fur, then cupped his jaw affectionately.
“All good,” I echoed, but it lacked conviction. “Hi, Shay, Jonah.”
“Jess,” they replied in unison. 
Shay was tall, broad, and blond with a boyish, goofy grin, but he had a lethal shifter side that resembled a Hellhound. Jonah, who was behind him, was also tall, and broad, but had brown puppy dog eyes with a mop of curls framing his features. Like Shay, he was also a lethal Hellhound, and both were unquestionably loyal to their employer, the Opilio.
“Well, it don’t sound good,” Jimmy sashayed forward, pinching the air with her four-inch ruby red acrylic nails. “What’s goin’ on?”
“I’ve amnesia. That usually only happens when it comes to my passwords, but this is a bit different.”
Zeke knocked on the door while entering the room, and I swear my heartbeat kicked up a notch. Tearing my eyes from his, I turned to Eli and explained what Jax had just said. Eli leaned against my leg and whined. Clearly, he wasn’t happy about this either.
“It’ll be okay, I promise.” Turning to the others, I asked. “Do you know who in the community has that guardian job?”
“Each group or species have their own foster parent,” Zeke replied, sitting on a corner of the desk. “For example, we couldn’t put a foster fairy with a vampire, so we match the supervisor to the specific type of Otherworlder. In this case,” he nodded toward Eli, “it’ll be a wolf shifter.”
“Isn’t that Ezra Stone?” Jimmy smiled coyly, then mouthed ‘hot’ to me while batting her eyelashes. “Yeah, him living with y’all won’t be a hardship.”
Zeke harrumphed then left, saying something about calling the alpha of the Storm Band.
“Is this Ezra guy good?” My concern was that he might work against me.
“The guy’s a legend,” Jonah chuckled. “Took two silver bullets protecting a kid in his care. The kid’s biological father didn’t like another wolf raising his cub. He thought beating on the mom and the child was his right. So, when he found out they’d escaped and made a life for themselves here, he set out to kill the kid and take his wife back to the octagon....I mean, home. Anyway, Ezra killed him, but not before the deadbeat fired two shots. The kid’s all grown up now and in his spare time is qualifying as a foster guardian himself.”
“Really? Who’s the kid?” I asked, feeling more confident about this Ezra already. Not that I’d be winning any foster parenting medals myself.
“Choops. He does security detail at the gate.”
“Yeah, we’ve spoken a few times. I made some ink for him too.” Wow, he’d certainly had a rough start to life.
“So, how come you ended up injured?” Shay asked bluntly. The swift change of subject was no surprise. He believed me guilty of betraying Zeke. “That vamp of yours got something to do with it?”
Jimmy sidled up next to me. “Ignore him, Peaches. He’d start an argument in an empty house.”
“Oh, c’mon Jimmy,” Shay growled, “you know we searched everywhere on this continent for her. I just don’t get how we couldn’t locate her?”
“You were searching for me?” I asked in astonishment.
“Never stopped until you showed up here today, even though we’d seen you and the vamp in the ─” Jonah threw a wary glance at Shay to see if he’d said too much.
“The photo?” I finished for the enforcer. “Zeke showed it to me.”
“Yeah, we combed every centimetre of those grounds around the diner multiple times,” Shay continued. “What scents we did pick up were days old. It was like you just up and vanished.”
“And you know how sharp his nose is,” Jonah added, thumbing in Shay’s direction. “He’d smell road kill off a redneck’s breath three weeks after he ate it.”
I guessed they cared about me on some level if they were out searching for me all that time. “You’re not wrong, Shay,” I admitted, deciding to bring them up to speed on what I’d told Zeke. “Semyon was involved, but I don’t know if he had anything to do with the memory loss.” After relating everything, I finished with how I’d just learned the vamp not only secretly took a photo of me but photo-shopped it before sending it to Zeke.
Shay and Jonah remained silent, but Jimmy snapped her fingers and extended her palm toward both men. “Pay up, bitches. I told y’all she wasn’t running around on Zeke.”
“I’m not paying until there’s proof,” Shay argued, loyal to a fault. “How do we know that’s not you, butt naked?”
“Shay!” Jimmy admonished, “Quit it!”
I could tell he wouldn’t let this go and was tempted to make a quip about him being like a dog with a bone but figured it would only make things worse. “For starters, we don’t have the same skin tone. Those globes were spray-painted pumpkin-spice orange. And secondly, she has no scar.”
“You’ve a scar on your ass?” Jonah pressed.
“On the side of my hip. Part of it can be seen from behind.”
“How were you hurt?” he pressed, concerned.
I couldn’t tell them it was a remnant of being fire-skimmed – a painful procedure to either siphon magical plague-like parasites from the body or hide the mark of a mother’s curse on her child. Mine was the latter. Only Parsons knew that my biological mother tried to ensure I didn’t survive the birthing process. Despite her best efforts, I’d made it, but the hex left behind a cicatrix labelling me as unnatural or unclean, which was a bad omen, and one that was feared in the Otherworld community. When I was five years old, Parsons called in a healer, known as a Koorima, to burn the evidence off my skin. I still get nightmares about it.
“Show us,” Shay demanded.
“Hey!”Jimmy exclaimed, angrily snapping her fingers in front of his face. “Are you outta your ever-lovin’ mind. She don’t got to show you nothin’. You’ve no right asking such a thing.”
Jimmy rarely lashed out, if Shay’s shocked expression was anything to go by. He quickly masked it behind a smug grin. “Chill, Jimmy. I’m just investigating, as Zeke requested.”
Jonah nodded in agreement. “It’s true, Jimmy. If the vamp really did this just to screw with Zeke, then we can resolve the mystery pretty easily.”
“I’m sure Zeke didn’t mean for you two be gawking at Jess’ ass.”
Shay huffed his derision while Jonah, ever the peace-maker, tried to smooth things over. “Jess, I know this is probably making you uncomfortable, but how about we look away and you show the scar to Jimmy. Would that be a better option?”
The jinn sighed and shared a look with me that said, ‘It’s your call.’
If I refused, Jimmy would have my back. But Jonah’s suggestion was a compromise I could work with. “You two are going to turn around and not move until Jimmy’s done. Agreed?”
“Sure,” Jonah replied while Shay nodded in the affirmative.
“Eli, watch them. Make sure they don’t peek.” The wolf diligently sat behind both men, watching their backs closely.
It took just a few seconds for Jimmy to note the area of mottled, red skin in the form of tributaries slinking low on my hip bone and curling around my side. She quickly tugged my gown into place and patted my hand reassuringly before confirming to the enforcers what she’d seen. Eli returned to my side and got his ears fluffed as a reward for a job well done.
“Why’s Semyon stirring up shit with Zeke?” Shay grumbled, turning to face us.
“’Cause the leech’s a five star asshole,” Jonah retorted
I didn’t join in on their conversation, I was happy to let them trash-talk Semyon if it turned their attention away from the scar.
“Y’all, that’s not important right now,” Jimmy remarked. “Jess ain’t got no recollection of the past four days. Where the hell she been? Was she taken? If so, then who was stupid enough to pull a stunt like that? Your focus should be there, not on some damn photo.”
Three sets of eyes looked at me with a mix of emotions. Jimmy seemed worried; Shay appeared sceptical, while Jonah frowned in puzzlement.
“Don’t you worry none, Peaches,” Jimmy chimed confidently. “We’ll get your memories back. They’ve got specialists for that kind of thing.”
Just then, a nurse rolled a trolley into the room, a plethora of colourful potions filled each tray. She promptly handed me a vial of blue viscous gel, explaining that it was an anti-inflammatory for my swollen ankle. I was to take a drop or two only as needed. I thanked her as she left.
“You stay here. I’m gonna be right back,” Jimmy told me, motioning Shay and Jonah out the door. Jonah offered to take Eli outside for a short walk, and the wolf eagerly trotted away with both enforcers.
When everyone had left the room, I searched around for my clothes, but they seemed to have disappeared. I’d just located a second gown to cover my backside when Jimmy sashayed back into the room with a few large boutique bags dangling from her toned arm.
“I brought you something to wear other than that ugly kitchen paper. We don’t want everyone to see your butt, now do we,” she chuckled softly.
“Jimmy, you are an absolute angel. What would I do without you?”
She waved a flippant hand, as a knowing smirk curved the corner of her mouth. “But you’re gonna have to come shopping with me at least twice. And I’ll expect you to try on a minimum of four cocktail dresses each time.”
I couldn’t help but laugh. Jimmy was a mega shopaholic and fashionista who was on a mission to revamp my style. “It’s a deal.”
She bundled the contents of the bags into my arms. “Truth is, I missed not seeing your scrawny ass self ‘round here. And Zeke…well, he was going about madder than a wet hen ‘til you showed up.” When I scoffed at that, she just rolled her eyes. “It may not look like it, but he’s a whole lot happier than he was these past few days, believe me. Now, into the shower. I’ve bagged your old clothes, and I’ll be here when you come out in case you need help.” I hugged her for all her kindness. “Okay, girl,” she said, pulling away, “g’on and get scrubbing your nasty self. Your breath would make a maggot gag.”
Chapter 3

“Eli, Jess, come on in.” Dr. Jax motioned us into his office.
Zeke and a man I assumed to be Ezra Stone sat around a disorganized desk. Ezra’s long, shaggy chestnut hair blended with a matching coarse beard that extended from his upper cheeks to his heavily tattooed chest. The area of his face not obscured by facial hair was tan and rugged as if he’d been exposed to the elements all his life. His ripped jeans and sleeveless t-shirt were smeared with dirt, and I could only guess he’d dropped whatever work he was doing to be here. His bronzed muscular forearms were also covered in colourful tattoos, but his upper arms were bare and marred with countless old scars. Juxtaposing the rough exterior were warm hazel eyes flecked with specks of shimmering gold.
“Hi there, I’m Ezra,” he stood, extending a calloused hand toward me. His tone was rich and deep, and the brief, timid smile he gave revealed a sincere soul within. “I hope you’ll forgive my appearance. Jimmy just grabbed me from the field.”
“Hi Ezra, I’m Jess, and don’t worry about appearances. At least you’re dressed. I was just wearing one of those gowns that don’t cover much at all.”
“Never understood those things myself,” he chuckled quietly. “Got a major design flaw, if you ask me.”
“Exactly,” I giggled. “Like they only thought about covering the front, not the back.”
“I think it’s to keep our expectations low,” he offered with a curved lip. “If the clothes are bad, the food’s not goin’ to be any better. Or maybe the food’s so bad it was designed for a quick evacuation.”
“Jax, let’s get this meeting underway,” Zeke pressed as his posture stiffened. I frowned, wondering why he was miffed all of a sudden.
“Easy there, Z man,” Ezra smiled easily, nullifying the tension like smoke on the wind. “Just breaking the ice.”
The guardian grinned playfully at me, and I couldn’t help the smile twisting my lips. As far as first impressions went, I liked Ezra. He didn’t seem to take himself too seriously, yet he exuded a peaceful sort of energy, capable of calming emotional storms or uptight Opilios.
Jax gathered up several forms entitled Bayside Otherworlder Guardianship program. “Right, now that everyone’s been introduced, let’s discuss Eli’s care for the duration of Jess’ amnesia.”
Eli’s wide amber eyes met my gaze. I could sense he was afraid and unsure of his future. I ruffled his ears reassuringly.
“Ezra, do you agree to full-time live-in supervision?” Jax asked.
“Yes, Sir. I’ve been updated on their situation, but I just wanna make sure that Jess and Eli are aware of what the guardianship role will entail.”
“Of course,” the doctor replied. “Why don’t you give them an overview of what to expect.”
Ezra leaned back casually in his seat, the epitome of calm and reassurance. “It’s nothing more than ensuring Eli receives the care he needs for his health and well-being. That includes protecting him physically, mentally, and emotionally from any form of neglect or abuse. Of course I’ll see to it that his primary caregiver gets any assistance required.” He leaned forward, his regard serious, “What’s most important for you both to know is, if the living together thing doesn’t work out, there are other options.”
“Ezra?” Jax frowned. “There’s no choice in the matter. You have to live with them.”
“Yeah, sure,” Ezra agreed calmly. “But having a stranger in your home ain’t easy. Knowing there are options can help. Like, Jess only needs to be present three days a week, or Eli could live with me, though Jess wouldn’t be happy ‘bout that, and rightly so. Or, I could start out with them in their place, see how we’re all vibing, and once some semblance of trust has been built, we can modify things.”
Jax shook his head. “Ezra, the law states─”
“That Eli’s welfare and comfort is the priority,” the guardian interrupted gently. “I’m letting them call the shots on what they need right now. Eli’s gonna want to be with Jess. They’ve already bonded. We all can feel it.” Eli wiggled his back and swished his tail, seemingly in agreement with the shaggy supervisor. “And anyway, those alternatives are compliant with the requirements set out by Bayside Protection,” Ezra continued evenly. “I’m not here to satisfy some bureaucrat’s need to have a box check-marked. I’m here to protect a wolf and support his caregiver.”
Ezra was a straight shooter with a congenial manner, and I found the transparency a refreshing change. I directed my attention to Eli. “Which option do you prefer of the three? I’ll go with whatever you want.” I held up one finger, but he snorted while shaking his head. He did the same when I raised a second finger. “Third one it is.”
“Very well,” Jax agreed and began completing the form. “And where will the three of you stay?”
“I’ve got room up at my cabin,” Ezra supplied, “but just giving y’all a head’s up, it’s a good ways off the beaten path.”
“That’s not necessary,” Zeke said. “I’ll forward each of you the location shortly.”
“Alright then,” Jax pushed some forms across the desk, “I’ll just need Ezra and Jess to sign off on these before you go.” To Zeke, he added, “Can you stay for a moment. There’s something I need to discuss with you.”
“Sure,” he replied, then squeezed my hand momentarily. “I’ll meet you outside shortly.”
After signing the documents, we left Jax and Zeke to their business, Eli, Ezra, and I made our way down the corridor to a waiting area. Once seated, Ezra praised Eli. “Good job, bud. The worst part is over. The three of us are a pack now, at least for the foreseeable future. That means Jess is our alpha. She calls the shots.” Eli raised his paw, and they high-fived or foured?
“I can’t be an alpha,” I countered. “I’m not even a shifter.”
“Hierarchy is important for wolves. There’s no balance if there isn’t a pecking order. To Eli, you’re his alpha, and my nature makes me beta.”
“But I thought I was the one Eli needed protection from? It makes no sense that I’m in charge?”
“As far as I can see, you’ve got a small memory lapse, but it doesn’t interfere with your ability to care for your wolf. You’re not a danger to yourself or Eli, so I’m not going to step in unless I need to. And I’ve been doing this long enough that I really doubt that’ll happen.”
“So, what does an alpha do?” I asked, hoping I wasn’t responsible for Ezra on top of everything else.
“Simple stuff, like making sure there’s enough food for all of us, being there if either of us needs your input on anything, or keeping us calm if we get riled up. And we will. It’s in our blood. Also, as a lycan, Eli will need to run most nights. You can join in, of course, but it’ll be hard to keep up with us because ─”
“I‘m not a shifter.” I finished for him. “No problem. I get it.”
“And don’t think you have to make us three squares either. You just set up wolf-shifter menus with the Brownies. They’ll keep the fridge stocked and the meals prepped.” The relief on my face must have been obvious because Ezra quirked an eyebrow. “Don’t like to cook, Jess?”
I couldn’t help but smile at his teasing ways. “Only about three dishes. And you’d get sick of them pretty quickly too.”
“Can’t say that I would. Done my fair share of dumpster diving, so whatever’s there is fine by me.”
Shay and Jonah arrived just then and said they’d take Eli to pick up the bedding and blankets from his cell, and later, we’d all meet up at whatever address Zeke would provide. Ezra nodded and said he’d go home, get cleaned up, and pack a bag.
“Peaches?” Jimmy sidled up beside me as I milled about the waiting area. “I heard Ezra goin’ be staying with y’all for a while,” she giggled. “You’re gonna have yourself some fun, girl.”
“What?? No. It’s not like that,” I spluttered.
“I know that,” she sang, placing my hand on the crux of her arm as we headed for the exit, “and you know that, but Zeke, he don’t know that.” Leaning closer to my ear, she whispered, “and he’s in such a huff, he doesn’t know whether to wind his ass or scratch his watch.”
“What’s he mad about now?”
Jimmy chuckled. “I wouldn’t even know where to begin.”
According to Jimmy, he was supposed to have been happier, or at least in a better mood, but perhaps she had misread the situation. He’d seemed relieved I was back but hadn’t kissed me yet. Given Jimmy’s comment about my breath, that was probably a good thing. Maybe the chemistry that had been zinging between us a few weeks ago had lost a little of its fizz. For me, things were just as effervescent, if not more. Still, if he didn’t feel the same way, staying here would be really difficult. I needed to get my memories back, fast.
Outside Bayside Hospital, fat drops of rain plopped onto the pavement. The weather witches living in The Yards usually made it rain at night, but I suppose, sometimes, a daytime downpour was needed. Although I’d been declared healthy, the sprain was making my leg feel like it was on fire. The nurse advised me not to do any strenuous activity for a few days, and I could certainly guarantee that sitting on a couch would be the most vigorous activity I’d undertake.
“Do you have Mel’s number?” I asked Jimmy. “He parked Semyon’s car somewhere, and I’ll need to pick it up.”
“No need. Your ride’s here.” She air-kissed both of my cheeks, said, “See ya later,” then immediately disapparated. 
Zeke’s sleek, black, and insanely expensive car pulled up in front of me. He quickly got out and opened the passenger door. Contrary to Jimmy’s assessment, he didn’t appear miffed at all but looked cool, calm, and collected. “Hop in, Jess, there’s something I need to show you.”
I wouldn’t be hopping anywhere with my foot the way it was. That said, I needed to get the vampire’s vehicle back and cross at least one thing off my to-do list. I’d have to call Parsons as well. “Can you just take me to where Mel parked my car? That’s all I need.”
“Sure, I’ll call him,” he said, helping me into the passenger seat. When he got behind the wheel and checked I was buckled up, we pulled into traffic. “I just have a short stop to make first. Maybe, afterwards we can grab a bite to eat?” 
I shrugged noncommittally, my mind already running through how this new set-up with Eli and Ezra would pan out. The day of the explosion was the first day I’d met Eli, so in terms of sharing a home, it would be an adjustment for us both. Ezra seemed really nice, but, what if he was a total slob and left his dirty boxers and socks strewn about? Although, in the greater scheme of things, a slovenly wolf was the least of my worries.
We pulled up in front of a place that looked quite familiar. “Is this the back of Inkspot?” I observed the building while he helped me out of the car, noting an extension for a business or café was built on to The Yards’ only tattoo parlour.
“It’s had a bit of an overhaul.”
The short path, flanked by lush patches of grass, led to the sizeable addition. Its thin white panels and large fenestration seemed to allow in every second of sunlight the day had to offer. The style was quite different from the main shop, and I wondered if its previous owner, Meat, would have appreciated the change –if he’d still been alive.
Meat had been with me the night Bossman, the crime lord, was murdered by my ink. And although Meat wasn’t convicted, he didn’t handle the fall-out so well, and his penchant for vampire blood grew to an addiction. Some months later, while Zeke was investigating Bossman’s murder, he had us both take a truth serum to garner more details of that fateful night. Meat had already consumed quite a lot of blood prior, and the addition of the potion proved lethal. Months later, Zeke wanted me to replace Meat and start tattooing clients, but my magic wasn’t stable. Plus, folks around here thought I was killing community members using my ink, so I’d declined the position.
Zeke pushed open the white door embellished with an elegant black, stained-glass motif. “Go ahead, Jess,” he prompted, as a happy grin, momentarily transformed his features.
Inside, the jet-black porcelain floor tiles contrasted with the white walls, accentuating the minimalist décor so prevalent throughout the buildings in The Yards. A birch table ran the length of the window, offering a Zen-like view. I was about to ask what the place was used for when I spotted my ink supplies neatly stacked in a corner. On closer inspection, the entirety of my meagre possessions, which I thought were still locked away in a rented storage space, was assembled in a neat pile on the floor. I shot Zeke a look of surprise as a thick knot of emotion lodged firmly in my throat.
“It’s an ink-making workshop. The tattoo parlour is through that connecting door there. But it’s kept locked from this side, so only you can go in. Nobody can come through unless you give them access.” A look of uncertainty crossed his features. “I figured an ink-mage needed her own space, so I built it while you were with Parsons.”
Words failed me as I took in the attention to detail that went into every item in the place. “You….you did this?” I asked in awe. “By yourself?”
“It’s the Yards,” he shrugged, “you can start something alone, but soon everyone’s pitching in.”
My fingers caressed the leaf of a potted plant sitting on the sill, and hidden from view was a row of identical flower pots. “Your bonsais,” I gasped in astonishment. The extremely rare and even extinct miniature trees had once been the focal point of Zeke’s conference room. I’d been sorely tempted to avail of their leaves and spikes to enhance my ink but had been warned they were never to be touched.
“I think they’ll be much happier here with you,” he smiled. “If you like the place, that is?”
“It’s incredible,” I whispered. “If I’d had a wish list of what my dream studio would be, I couldn’t have conjured up such perfection.” I swallowed hard. “It’s beautiful, Zeke.”
“There’s one more thing.” He crossed the room, pushing open a door I hadn’t noticed, then motioned for me to go ahead. I followed him into a sizeable, fully furnished suite. “I know when you make ink, you can be at it for a very long time, so I thought it would be nice to have a place to chill. Plus, I figure you’d prefer to have your own pad anyway.”
A bedroom with a king-sized bed sat to the right, adjacent to which was a small powder-room, a shower, along with a fully equipped kitchenette and a living room. Large patio doors led to a quaint terrasse complete with a bistro table and two chairs. The entire décor and colour scheme was identical to the work-shop. He’d put so much thought into this place, into what would make me comfortable. It was beyond beautiful, and he’d done all this for me. I could feel my smile widening so much all my teeth were on display.
“I’m in shock,” I gulped, my voice sounding thick. “I thought you were angry at me for having brought Eli along and then needing Ezra.”
He stepped closer, cupping my face. “Jess, are you crazy? I’m not angry. My beast has claimed you as his mate. He’s over protective and doesn’t like the idea of these males in your life, but he’ll adapt. Plus, he knows I trust Ezra implicitly. Although,” he smiled, “Ezra senses my beast’s reaction toward him, and he still winds him up. The man is playing with fire.” His thumb caressed my cheek. “You’ve nothing to worry about.”
“Okay,” I gulped, fighting the tears of joy and relief welling within me.
His eyes travelled over my entire face before landing on my lips. “You have many worries. I feel them.”
Not wanting to discuss my ink mage worries, I touched on the uncertainty surrounding my amnesia. “Zeke, I’ve no idea where I’ve been for the past four days or what I did.” Had I been with Semyon? Did I sleep with him? I prayed to the Goddess I didn’t. What the hell did I do all that time? I wasn’t lying on the ground at the picnic table, or Shay would have found me. I had been taken elsewhere, but where and by whom? I felt as tangled up as a ball of wool.
He cast eyes of flame on my face, lingering on my mouth before holding my gaze. “I’m sorry, Jess,” he whispered, contrite. 
“You are? Why?” That came out breathier than intended.
“I wish I’d insisted on Jimmy picking you up from The Hills that day, or I should have gone there and driven you back myself.”
“None of this is your fault. I chose to return alone, and if Semyon hadn’t shown up, I’m certain things would have gone smoothly.”
He gently pressed his forehead to mine, and I couldn’t help but inhale the heady blend of his crisp cologne mixed with his unique scent. His hands circled my waist drawing me closer. I could feel my heart pound against his broad, hard chest. “I did a little damage to Semyon’s properties while I was searching for you.”
“What kind of damage?” I asked warily.
“The pain in the ass kind,” he offered vaguely. “That photo convinced me he’d taken you. I never found him, but it wasn’t for lack of looking.”
Knowing Zeke, I was pretty sure he’d demolished every building the vampire owned. “Did you believe I’d gone with him, voluntarily?”
He nodded solemnly. “The thought crossed my mind. But if there’s anything I’ve learned about you in the short time we’ve known each other, it’s that you are fiercely loyal, you don’t play with people’s hearts, and you expect those you consider friends to trust you implicitly.” He tilted my chin upwards, and I locked on to his intense jade eyes. “Forgive me for even thinking such a thing and for not finding you?”
Fluttering wings of pure happiness hummed in my damaged heart, something I had not felt…well, ever. With just a few words, the man had put down a solid stone in this relationship by trusting me. No matter how hard I’d pushed him away, he never gave up on me; he never gave up fighting to find me, protect and shelter me. A year ago, I would have dismissed wanting such things, but with all I’d been through, I wouldn’t deny it any longer. Being with Zeke filled a soul-deep emptiness within me, something I was unaware existed before now.
Placing my arms around his neck, I smiled up at him, “There’s nothing to forgive, Opilio.” 
His title on my lips had him burning with desire, and he threaded his fingers through my hair before his mouth covered mine in a kiss that felt incendiary. Any thoughts of our chemistry fizzing out disappeared in the molten lava bubbling up between us. His hands roamed my body as his kisses trailed my jawline, raising goosebumps along my skin. He burrowed his face in my neck as I reached under his shirt, touching the hard planes of his toned body. The low rumble from his chest revealed his beast was close to the surface. I’d only seen a glimpse of it once before, but it promised pleasure that would shatter the Richter scale.
He broke away breathless, his eyes glowing a rich deep amber. I knew he was waiting for me to decide the next move. He was showing me this was at my pace, and it wouldn’t matter if I decided to let the moment pass or see where things went. I was taking this to the bedroom for sure, but the doorbell ringing put that on hold.
“Eli and Ezra are outside.” Zeke kissed me then whispered, “To be continued.”
Shay, Jonah, and Jimmy breezed in behind my wolf. As they admired the place, they quickly realized there was only one bedroom.
“I’m having two more rooms added for Eli and Ezra. A magical extension of sorts,” Zeke explained.
It took a lot of magic to create and maintain an actual room. I couldn’t help but wonder which witch or sorcerer was capable of such a feat.
“Sounds good, Z-man,” Ezra said, placing his bag on the floor. “Can I do anything to help?”
“It’s good, thanks,” Zeke replied. “I’ll have it set up tonight, and it can be easily undone when things are settled with Eli’s welfare.” He spoke as if he was plugging in a toaster, not expanding actual space. Suddenly my stomach growled loudly. “You’re starving,” he said in the direction of my abdomen. “Everyone on board for supper at Da Nona’s?”
All raucously agreed. Even Eli slurped loudly, making us all laugh.
Zeke’s hand covered mine as we headed toward the door. “Oh, one more thing,” He reached into his jacket pocket. “I replaced your phone,” he said, handing me the latest device on the market. “Everyone’s number is already programmed in.” I went to refuse, but he saw it coming. “No arguments. You need it.” He kissed my forehead as his arm slipped around my waist. “And your truck will be repaired by tomorrow. One of the guys will park it outside the studio.”
I was completely bowled over. “Thank you so much for thinking of everything. And I’ll repay you for both the phone and the repairs,” I added.
“Doesn’t work that way,” he countered with a breath-taking smile. “Now c’mon, and let’s get some food into you.”
“I just need to make a quick call first.”
Standing a few feet from everyone, I dialled Parsons’ number. I’d intended on just leaving a voice mail, but Mrs. Bantry picked up and said he was with the orthos specialist. Apologizing that it took me so long to get in touch, I asked her to let Parsons know I was safe and well. She tutted exasperatedly and said Zeke had called earlier in the day with the same message, then hung up with a firm goodbye. My heart skipped a beat at Zeke’s attentiveness. He’d wanted to keep the elderly custodian from worrying, which was beyond sweet. The Opilio was kindness and compassion personified. His values made this community what it was, a safe harbour to those adrift and lost. I could see myself taking a huge emotional leap of faith with him and that, admittedly, scared the part of me who had never let anyone in before.

Da Nona’s Italian restaurant in The Yards was one of those places that just made you feel good the moment you entered. Gentle jazz soothed the soul while aromatic odours teased the palate. Bistro tables with gingham coverings and old sketches of Rome along the walls created an ambiance that was warm and homely. It always made me want to book a flight to Italy just to savour all the wonders the country had to offer. We were led to a ten-seater circular booth, where Shay, Jonah, Eli, Ezra, and Jimmy scooted in next to one another, taking up a sizeable portion of the seat. I shimmied in next to Jimmy while Zeke stopped to speak with the staff. Not long afterwards, several waiters began placing heaped plates of food on the table along with their renowned house wine, a selection of beers, and other beverages.
“Suh-weeeet,” Shay sang, eyeing the food. “We were suffering from severe malnutrition.”
“Totally,” Jonah agreed, plucking a slice of gourmet pizza. Eli’s eyes were trained on the food like a marksman to a target. Shay broke off a piece and tossed it to him. The wolf caught it mid-air, making everyone cheer.
Zeke sat in beside me and spread his arm over the back of my section. I inched closer to Jimmy to create more room for him. He leaned in close to my ear, his delicious, masculine scent reminding me of the searing kisses we’d just shared. Heat flushed my cheeks. “Everything okay, Jess?”
“Uhm..yeah.” I tried to suppress my smile. “Hungry?” I asked him. His heated gaze told me food had nothing to do with his appetite. 
Mel, the bouncer, walked over to our table, nodded a quick hello to everyone then spoke lowly with Zeke. They both walked just outside onto the stoop.
“What’s going on?” Shay inquired, standing with his eyes trained on the door, poised to go to his Opilio if needed.
“Something must’ve come up,” Jimmy replied casually, eyeing the pair over her shoulder.
“Well, more food for us,” Jonah tittered and went to grab the entire plate of veal scallops, but Jimmy smacked his hand away.
“Y’all gonna wait until he gets back,” she chided.
The enforcer grumbled but complied. A few moments later, Shay sat down when Zeke returned. Judging from his expression trouble had come knocking, but he didn’t discuss it right away. When everyone had happily eaten their fill, Zeke pulled a strange envelope from his inner breast pocket, put it on the table, and moved it closer to me. “This arrived for you, Jess.”
The sparkling black metallic sheath was unlike anything I’d seen before. Its pristine condition and lack of address or postal stamps indicated it hadn’t been processed through the regular mailing system. Embossed In the centre was one word: Mage. 
The strong magical vibe humming within was not one I recognized. Given my recent experience with Semyon’s envelope, I eyed it suspiciously. Could it be from Oxana? Was this related to my refusing the Kott blood? “Who sent it?” I asked Zeke.
“One of the gnomes was cleaning my office and found it floating over my desk.”
Floating? My fingers brushed across the peculiar object. “They didn’t see who delivered it?”
“Mel checked with the security team. They scanned all the footage, and nobody got into the building.”
Jimmy and Zeke shared a look, piquing my curiosity. “What’s wrong? Something’s up, I know it?”
“That metal there,” Jimmy explained, “ain’t of this world.”
My shoulders relaxed ever so lightly. If the queen had sent it, they would have recognized it as Fae. “Maybe it’s from the ink Master?” I quickly flicked open the almost invisible clasp at the back and pulled out a sparkling, abrasive black card.
Zeke and Jimmy inhaled sharply as I read the embossed message aloud. “It’s an invitation to discuss ink-mage relations with an ambassador Faust at Scholomance Manor in Sibiu, Romania.”
“Dammit,” Zeke growled.
“That’s a bad thing?” I asked, disappointment lacing my tone. Maybe this so-called ink master didn’t even exist.
“Mmmmmm,” he replied vaguely.
“It’s for the 16th. That’s tomorrow. Why such short notice?” I flipped it over as if it held the answer to my question.
“I can’t say.” Zeke’s tone was even, but his jaw was tense. There was more to this than he was letting on.
“Can’t or won’t?” I pushed.
“Just can’t,” he sighed. “Jimmy, you okay to provide travel there?”His tone was casual, but I could see right through the pretence.
“Sure, but no way am I goin’ in. I’ll wait outside the grounds.”
“Not a problem.”
“Zeke, what’s this Mr. Faust ambassador of, or to?”
“I can’t say because. I’m bound to silence.” His hand covered mine. “But I’ll still be with you every step of the way.”
How would that work? He’d be present but not allowed to talk? “So, like a silent partner of sorts?”
“Thereabouts.”
“And we need to get you suitably dressed too,” Jimmy added. “You can’t show up in no jeans.”
“But these are brand new!”
“Think corporate,” she added distractedly while plucking her phone from her designer tote.
I took in my clothes and realized she was right. This didn’t scream cubicle farms and soulless monotony. I’d have to clean up my act if I was going to a meeting in a fancy corporate-owned manor. “Aren’t the stores closed at this hour?”
Her gaze dropped to her device. “Stella’s open. Oh, and by the way, she’s Fae, so don’t gawk at her big pointy ears, or she’ll stab you with one of her hemming pins.”
“I won’t,” I promised. Admittedly, shopping was absolutely the last thing I felt like doing, but I’d agreed to it at the hospital and wouldn’t go back on my word.
“You’ll see. Stella’s stuff is just fab-you-lous.” Jimmy’s hands spread wide with each syllable to emphasize the magnificence of their inventory. I immediately became wary of the store’s inventory. Jimmy was all sequins, sparkles, and sass, whereas I was more sweats, slippers, and sarcasm.
“Okay, but you know the usual no-go’s,” I warned.
“Yeah, yeah. You want me to put you in a damn habit.”
Zeke pulled out his phone. “I’m going to reach out to my contacts over in Romania and see if I can get any leads on what the ambassador wants exactly.”
We all piled out of the restaurant. Ezra said he’d be introducing Eli to his pack, the Storm Band. They had an all-night run planned after pack business and wouldn’t return until morning. I didn’t even need to ask if the wolf was in agreement, as he was already shimmying with excitement. Shay and Jonah, who suddenly found themselves off the clock, decided to hit the bars.
“Have fun,” I called to Eli as he bounded away.
Zeke pressed his lips to mine as his hands cupped my cheeks. “See you soon, sweet mage,” he smiled, then headed to his car.

“There, now was that sooooo bad?” Jimmy asked as we entered the now magically-extended studio after a somewhat torturous shopping session. We both toted several oversized bags, most of which was stuff for Jimmy. Besides all the accessories, she must’ve picked up at least eight cocktail dresses. I compromised on one outfit but had come close to bolting by the time she’d laced me into a third corset, a genuine Victorian death trap swathed in bone and crystals.
“It was memorable,” I teased.
She set the bags on the couch, grabbed some hangers out of thin air, and began suspending the items like the true perfectionist she was. “I’ll get you to like dressing up if it’s the last thing I do, Miss Ratty-Tatty Jeans.”
I giggled lowly. “And sneakers. Don’t forget the sneakers. They complete my ratty-tatty ensemble.”
She smiled and waved away the retort away with a flippant hand, then air-kissed each side of my cheeks. “Nighty night, Peaches,” she sang while sashaying to the front door. “I’ll come get ya in the morning.”
“Thanks for everything, Jimmy!” I called out. “Love you!”
Before calling it a night, I decided to text my friend Ivy Fox. She’d been due her baby about a week ago. I hoped everything went well and that her little boy was born healthy. Still, I found it odd that she hadn’t answered any of the messages I’d sent over the past few weeks. I was sure if something hadn’t gone according to plan, Ivy’s werewolf familiar, Paul would’ve contacted me. I decided not to worry and sent a ‘thinking of you three’ with loads of heart emojis. She was probably totally exhausted, just like any new mom would be.
With that done, I was more than ready for some sleep. Most of my clothes and toiletries were still at Zeke’s place in the guest bedroom, and I made a mental note to retrieve them tomorrow after seeing Mr. Faust. I dressed down to my underwear then got between the sheets. My ankle felt like it was on fire, so I placed several drops of the blue vial of medication on my tongue and was out for the count before my head hit the pillow.
The following morning Jimmy roused me from a deep sleep. My ankle felt better, but my hand was throbbing like a hive of bees partied there all night. Hooked onto her index finger was a hanger with my outfit for the day. “Up and at ‘em, Peaches. Time to rally. Coffee’s brewed, and I got some pancakes on the stove.”
“Wow, Jimmy,” I rasped drowsily. “S’fantastic, thanks.” I threw off the covers and padded to the bathroom. With my business done, I made my way to the kitchen, noticing along the way that Eli and Ezra were sleeping soundly in their respective bedrooms.
“They be sleeping like they dead,” Jimmy laughed quietly.
They weren’t the only ones. I hadn’t even heard them come in last night. Still, I was glad Eli had the opportunity to be with some other shifters. I hoped he wasn’t treated differently because of his ‘otherness.’
“Jimmy, how do I get the fridge stocked for when they wake up?” Ezra mentioned asking the Brownies, but I didn’t know how to reach them.
“Nothing to it,” she explained. “Open the fridge door, politely request a full shifter menu for two, plus one non-shifter, then say ‘thank you,’ and they’ll sort everything out.”
“Wow, that’s amazing.” Once I’d placed the order, I poured myself a coffee and sipped it at the island counter. “What time are we all leaving at?” I asked.
“Zeke sent me a text earlier sayin’ he stayed in Romania. We need to be ready by ten a.m.”
“Oh, okay.” I suddenly felt nervous about attending the meeting but couldn’t pinpoint why. “I didn’t know Zeke ended up having to go there.” I topped up my coffee but skipped the pancakes. 
“He asked me to drop him off there right after I left you, but he didn’t call for me to pick him up again.” She paused momentarily while focused on her phone. “Damn,” she hissed.
“What is it? What’s wrong?” I asked sleepily.
“Another two Fae have gone missing. No further details available yet.”
“That’s strange,” I admitted. “What do you think’s going on?”
Jimmy shook her head and sighed. “Well, I just hope it ain’t another psycho sorcerer on the loose.”
For centuries Jimmy had been bound in the most horrific way to an evil sorcerer ─ the same one who glamoured Daisy Dewdrops. He’d inflicted unspeakable abuse on Jimmy until she was finally freed a month ago. She’d sauntered through The Yards with his head slung over her shoulder like she’d earned an Olympic medal. I was so proud of how hard she’d fought and how she’d never given up.
“If it is, we’ll just do another spell like we did on the last one,” I grinned.
She high-fived me in agreement, then took in my slouched form across the counter. “Chop-chop, girl!” Her fingers snapped in quick succession, jolting me out of my reverie. “If you ain’t eating, we need to get movin’.”
I downed a large gulp of coffee, then showered, put on my new, expertly-tailored black pantsuit and lavender silk blouse then declared myself ready.
“Ready?” Jimmy’s eyebrow rose in disbelief. “You wanna go there looking like you got chewed up ‘n spit out?”
My brows met in a confused frown. “You said wear the suit. I’m wearing the suit.”
She took in my baffled expression.“Hair an’ make-up, Peaches. Hair an’ make-up.” She strutted to the bathroom, and I obediently followed.
Without preamble, she sat me down on the vanity stool, keeping my back to the mirror, and began to work her magic. As my hair was combed through with some product and various brushes were passed over my cheeks, nose, and lips, errant thoughts ran to Zeke. I couldn’t help but wonder what had kept him out there all night. Was it because he ran into trouble? Or had he met someone? Did he have a hook-up? Ugh! I mean, we hadn’t made any ‘exclusivity’ declarations, and I wasn’t one of those girls who needed constant reassurance, so I just erased the notion from my mind and focused on the meeting.
“All done,” she chirped, pivoting the stool, so I faced the mirror. 
“Wow, Jimmy,” I gasped, “that’s incredible. I hardly recognize myself. It’s like I have make-up on, but it doesn’t show.” My hand lightly patted the back of my head. “My bobbed hair is a bit short for this style, though, right?”
Her hand splayed across a cocked, narrow hip. “It’s a sleeked-back ponytail.”
“Yeah, but it’s kind of more pig than pony, don’t you think?”
“I think I’m running out of patience, is what I think.” She softly batted away my hand. “It’s classy, elegant, and it’s staying like that ‘cause there ain’t no time to change. Now c’mon, we have to leave.” Jimmy pointed to a lovely pair of stilettos. “Slip them on. And if any kinda shit hits the fan, there’s a tube of ink powder in the heel. Just twist it to dislodge it.”
“Really? That’s kind of cloak and dagger.”
“You’re an ink mage. I figured you’d need ink.” Her hand pressed against her chest as she laughed silently, “Now I know how that Q character felt in those James Bond movies.”
“Except your Q stands for Queen.”
Jimmy laughed, “damn straight, gurl.”
“So, is it dangerous where we’re going? Tell me the truth.”
“It ain’t Disneyland. But you’ll have Zeke with you, so don’t worry, mmmkay?” She pressed the coal-black invitation into my hand while I quickly slipped into the shoes, and before I had time to say I was ready, we were spinning in a crazy vortex.

We landed in front of a vast and isolated medieval fortress built into the foot of a mountain. The high, grey stone walls had a myriad of circular towers jutting out at various heights. A cobbled stonework pathway led to an enormous set of arched double doors whose design reflected the mastery of the carpenters who had transformed the oak and the blacksmiths who forged the intricate ironwork spreading from the triangular hinges right across to the latch.
Zeke, who was standing a few feet away, quickly cleared the distance between us and took my hand in his. “Not too dizzy, Jess?” he asked with a gentle, bemused tone. Jimmy’s mode of travel always left my head spinning for a few moments.
“I’m good,” I nodded, noticing he looked a little rough around the edges. His suit and shirt were quite crumpled, and he hadn’t shaved. “Are you okay?”
His lips tugged up into an affectionate smile. “I’m good.”
A black-suited man emerged from a smaller section of the castle door and bowed briefly. His stocky build, shaved head, and cruel regard surely garnered him a ‘most likely to murder’ in his high school yearbook.
“The ambassador will see you now,” he announced in a jarring, raspy voice coated in a thick accent. The strange envelope suddenly evaporated from my hand.
“I’ll be right here, no further,” Jimmy whispered nervously while pointing to her personal boundary on the ground. “This place be givin’ me a serious dose of the heebie-jeebies.”
Zeke nodded firmly. “We won’t delay, Yaqov,” he soothed. Jimmy must’ve been really on edge for Zeke to use her ancient name.
With Zeke’s fingers slotted with mine, we followed the guard through the doorway into the muted light of the castle’s barbican. From there, we crossed a vast hall with domed arches on three sides. Despite the ancient feel of the place, the masonry was in excellent condition. Armed uniformed men and women ─ Scholomance’s security guards, no doubt ─ randomly popped into view but paid little attention to us. We walked through the largest arch before stopping at another massive wooden door identical to the one at the entrance.
“This way,” the guard clipped, motioning us into an opulent marble corridor with breath-taking art and hand-carved wooden furniture of various complex designs. It was like stepping back several centuries to a place time had forgotten. If there were security cameras about, they certainly were well hidden because I couldn’t even see electrical outlets of any kind.
“Looks pretty off-grid,” I whispered, but Zeke just shook his head, indicating this wasn’t the time to talk.
Moments later, a tall, ethereal-like woman walked with sensual grace in the opposite direction to us. Her long flowing black hair billowed softly in rhythm to her movement. A sheer black dress with a plunging neckline that ended at her navel hugged her erotic curves, leaving nothing to the imagination. Her deep emerald eyes locked onto our joined hands. She glanced at me briefly, then smiled flirtatiously at Zeke. “Hi Zeke.” Her tongue traced over her red, glossy lip. “Great night last night. Let’s do that again.”
Suddenly my mind was invaded with an image of her and Zeke in a bedroom, naked and pounding flesh as they cried out in passionate, animalistic release. My cheeks reddened from the visual assault that seemed so real it was as if I’d been present in the actual room.
“What was that about?” I asked lowly when she was out of earshot.
“Nothing,” he grumbled, keeping his regard dead ahead.
“Nothing?” I scoffed disbelievingly, pulling my hand from his. “Did I just get the magical equivalent of a sex tape of you and her?”
“We’ll talk later,” he answered flatly. “And by the way, don’t eat or drink anything while we’re here.”
We entered through yet another set of double doors into a surprisingly bright and modern dining area. A twenty-foot long, highly glossed wooden table was surrounded by straight-back, white leather chairs. Colourful flowers were interspersed at precisely measured intervals. Fine bone china, crystal glasses, and white origami napkins completed the ensemble. We were the only ones present, so I walked to the French floor-to-ceiling windows offering a breathtaking vista of the grounds. Zeke was picking up on my body language and remained on the opposite side of the room.
Standing there, I saw nothing of the bucolic splendour. All I could think about was Zeke and that woman. Had he really spent the night with her?
My inner voice balked, ‘Did you see her? Of course he spent the night with her! How could he not?’
Jimmy said he hadn’t called to be picked up. He certainly looked like his clothes had spent the night strewn on the floor. Plus, he’d arranged to meet us here, and ─ this was a big one ─ she was still wearing her damn negligee. I know Zeke and I weren’t ‘together’ together, but this… this did not feel right. He said his beast claimed me, but maybe he meant it was just his beast, not him. I was totally getting mixed messages, and they were messing with my mind.
“Ah, my esteemed guests,” a male voice announced cheerfully, ultimately pulling my attention back to the meeting.
Turning around, I came face to face with a young man, no more than twenty, wearing a tailored, crisp black suit. The stylishly cropped black hair framed a thin, pale face. Large soulful eyes as brown as the summer soil held me in place. In their depths, I saw the loss of innocence as a child and all the horrors that made him who he was today.
Whoa! Where did that thought come from?
His hand reached out for mine. Peeking out from under his shirt cuff, I caught a glimpse of a tattoo swirling on his alabaster skin. Instinctively, I knew this represented something very deep but also exceedingly dark, demonic even. Stood behind him was an equally thin Asian man vetted similarly to the uniformed guards but with a long sword strapped to his back. He stood off to the side, his posture stoic. I approached the table, prompting Zeke to stand by my side.
“Pleased to meet you, Miss Darrows. I’m Rathe Faust, ambassador of Inferna, and this here is my colleague, Kutmisan.”
“Hello, Rathe. Hello, Kutmisan,” I offered politely. “Forgive me, but I’m not sure I know where Inferna is.”
“I believe you know it as Hell.” Rathe smiled as if we were talking about the Grand Canyon. “Welcome to my home.”
“Actual Hell?” I probed, all the while trying to keep my expression neutral and the contents of my bladder in place.
“Indeed. All realms are represented on earth, and Inferna is no different,” he explained patiently. He turned his attention to Zeke but did not address him directly. “And this is your mate?” he inquired.
“No! He’s a tourist,” I replied neutrally, ignoring Zeke’s glare.
“Ah yes!” Rathe clasped his hands together. “I see he has already availed of Essanne’s hospitality here.” Smiling at Zeke, he said, “I believe you are both very well acquainted, now.”
Goddamm him!
I can’t believe I was such an idiot for dropping my guard. I can’t believe I bought into the crap he was spouting. But I was especially mad at myself for how much this was hurting.
“Zeke, you have the right to speak,” Rathe added with amusement. 
“This meeting concerns Jess, correct?” Zeke deflected.
Rathe grinned, and the lost-boy expression disappeared. In its place was something completely soulless “But of course,” he gestured toward the table. “Kutmisan, refreshments please.”
The Asian man snapped his fingers, and four people paraded into the room carrying trays laden with food. As the repast was placed on the table, I couldn’t help but observe the staff and wonder if employees of the Underworld were treated well. Nobody seemed to be in shackles, real or metaphorical, and they didn’t seem whipped, broken or beaten either. Maybe they were hired just for today? Did Hell out-source its caterers? How would that ad go?
Caterer wanted for Ruining of Souls firm. No evil genius need apply, as that position has been filled.
Rathe sat at the head of the table. Kutmisan helped me into a seat at the ambassador’s left, then took up position a few feet away. Zeke didn’t seem to like the distance between us but sat at Rathe’s right, opposite me. I didn’t make eye contact with him.
“Let’s get down to business, shall we?” Rathe began cordially. “Your newfound status as an ink mage has come to our attention. Normally, I would say congratulations are in order except this news has engendered a certain degree of discontentment, supernaturally speaking, of course.”
“I’m sorry, I’m not sure I follow you.”
“The current entity ‘managing’ Inferna’s seventh circle district is Lucifer. He’s in that position, thanks to the actions of the last ink mage. Inferna, as a whole, did not elect to have that particular position filled, and, had we had any say in the matter, we would have declined the incumbent without hesitation. So, in order to avoid history repeating itself, Inferna would like to, officially, make known their position on any future entities expulsed from another realm.”
 “Just to be sure I understand,” I responded cautiously, “you didn’t want Lucifer in this realm in the first place and are not open to receiving another expulsed entity into Inferna?”
“Exactly,” Rathe replied, beckoning his guard with an outstretched palm. My gut suddenly clenched, realizing some sort of magic was about to go down. A parchment appeared out of thin air into Rathe’s hand. With incredible speed, Kutmisan unsheathed his sword. Zeke bolted upright so quickly his chair fell back as his hand wrapped tightly around Rathe’s throat.
“Stand down,” Rathe croaked calmly, both hands raised peaceably. “The sword is for the declaration, only.”
Zeke didn’t let go. “Jess, get behind me.” I didn’t need to be asked twice. That blade was massive. I quickly rounded the table.
“Kutmisan?” Rathe spoke evenly, ignoring the fact he was about to be throttled. He placed his palm into a horizontal position. The tip of the blade slipped across the center of the ambassador’s hand, opening several layers of skin. Rathe held his bloody fist above the paper, watching as the crimson fluid flowed to the document’s central crease. Kutmisan deftly cleaned and sheathed his sword before stepping back. Only then did Zeke release Rathe’s neck.
The ambassador, like a symphony conductor, swept his hands above the paper, controlling the direction of the blood. “This official proclamation states that any entity attempting to enter the realm of Inferna, through the actions of an ink mage, will be immediately expulsed back to earth. And this, no matter the danger it represents to human life.”
Black wax suddenly oozed from the lower corner of the yellowed page, forming, with a delicate flourish often seen in the art of calligraphy, the letter I. The sheet rolled into a scroll, magically secured with a neat black bow.
Rathe rose from his seat and offered me the parchment. “I’m sure you’ll understand, Miss Darrows, that we really did not appreciate our court becoming the dumping ground for the rejected angel. In fact, we’re still trying to resolve the mayhem such a situation caused. Hence our unwavering position.”
“I’ll be perfectly honest with you, Ambassador Faust. I haven’t a clue how the ‘destination’ of the last expulsed entity was decided on, and I don’t know if I’ll have a say in where the next one ends up, but your stance here today is clear. I’ll certainly do my best to avoid adding to the challenges you’ve had to deal with.”
Rathe smiled, and the lost-boy look was back again. “Your candour is most refreshing, Miss Darrows, but the scroll is actually for your Master.”
So there is an ink master!! That was so good to know. “Okay, then I will make sure he gets it. Or she because you know, girls can totally be masters too…thanks to women like…..uhm Mary Shelley, Sojourner Truth, and the Spice..….” Oh, my Goddess, I was rambling.
He laughed briefly. “Indeed they can.” He offered me his hand, and I shook it. “Thank you, Miss Darrows, for taking the time to meet with us today. If Inferna can do anything for you, anything at all, please do not hesitate to ask.”
Maybe I was mistaken, but it sounded like Hell owed me a favour. That was an epic ace to have up my sleeve. “Thank you. I’ll be sure to remember that,” I smiled. “Nice meeting you, Mr. Rathe and Mr. Kutmisan.”
Rathe beamed a broad smile. “Such a lovely creature. Now,” he motioned toward the door, “Kutmisan will escort you out. I believe your jinn anxiously awaits you.”
Zeke kept his hand on my lower back as we followed Kutmisan out of the room and down the marble corridor. I wanted to bat it away, but I was keeping everything pushed down well below the surface until we were out of there.
“Hi Zeke,” came the sultry, honeyed tones of Miss Negligee herself. She was leaning beside an open door across the hall. “Got a minute?” Her head tilted momentarily toward the interior of a bedroom.
“Essanne, our guests are leaving,” Kutmisan said in a firm tone.
“Shouldn’t take too long,” she replied with a curved smile. “Zeke?”
My head swivelled between the three. Kutmisan didn’t appear happy at all. Essanne looked like she was ready to toss away the scrap of material barely covering her, and Zeke’s gaze was fixed on her the same way Shay looked at crispy bacon.
“I’ll be right along,” he responded without even a glance in my direction.
Was he kidding?? He was going to go ahead and bang her just like that? Had he lost his mind?? Maybe he needed a slap of reality, a very hard slap at that, and I’d be more than happy to deliver it. I took a few paces to the left to ensure I was in his line of sight. “We told Jimmy we wouldn’t delay.” My tone was as cold as ice. Still, I’d given him a chance to walk away from this situation, not that it would change what he’d already done, but I just hoped he wouldn’t choose her.
He didn’t even spare me a glance. “Like Essanne said, it shouldn’t take long.”
“Zeke,” Kutmisan interjected more forcefully, “Rathe requested I escort you out.” It was a bit embarrassing that even Hell’s representatives didn’t want him hanging around.
“Guess what?” Essanne took on an Angelina Jolie leg-thrusting pose while her hands splayed across her cinched waist. “He doesn’t want to.”
 “Leave us.” Zeke’s flippant wave and condescending tone made Essanne’s grin turn triumphant.
I couldn’t help but feel I’d just been punched in the gut. I mean, sure, she looked like a sex goddess, but common decency would dictate that you’d at least consider the other person’s feelings; that you’d behave with some measure of decorum. No, he didn’t possess a modicum of that. My ears rang with the monotonous beep of our budding relationship flat-lining.
“Would you like a tour while you wait, Miss Darrows?” Kutmisan offered kindly.
It was only then that I realized I was riveted to the spot in stupefaction, staring at the closed door. The hurt pinching my chest was making it hard to breathe.
“Or I can bring your jinn here if you’d prefer.”
“Thank you, but I’ll join Jimmy outside, if you don’t mind.” My voice wavered, but I kept it together out of pride.
The walk back seemed interminable. Kutmisan was giving me the castle’s historic occult background, and normally that kind of thing would interest me, but right now, my emotions were all over the place. I mean, Zeke wanted me living in his community, he wanted to be with me, had even given me his insignia, yet he’d spent last night with Essanne. Was he a total bastard or what?
My inner voice growled – Total bastard! Final answer.
We stopped at the door leading outside. Kutmisan bowed for a moment, then suddenly, a black card with gold writing embossed on the front appeared between his fingers. “Should you ever need my help.”
 “Oh, that’s very kind, thank you,” I replied, taking it while dabbing at a leak sprouting from the corner of my eye. I shook my head in amazement that an employee from Hell had more manners than the man who had broken down the walls guarding my heart. Mentally, I’d already ordered the bricks and a construction crew to build them right back up again.
“Mage, Jessica,” Kutmisan bowed again, “permit me to share some parting words?”
Oh, Goddess, please don’t let me cry. Please don’t let me cry. “Mmmhhmm.”
“Never forget, the love you offer is a priceless treasure, and only a fool could not see its worth.” 
I watched him walk away then pushed open the door. Jimmy was pacing at the end of the path.
“Oh, Hallaleujazz!” she exclaimed. “I been waiting so long, the grass turned another shade of green.” She caught my distraught expression and the fact that I was minus one. “What’s wrong? Where’s Zeke? What happened to him?”
“He took a detour, so to speak.” I looked away at nothing in particular as the leaking continued.
“A detour?” she frowned. Why would...” Then it dawned on her. “She tall, walks around in her underwear? Total package?”
“Sounds about right. Her name’s Essanne. Do you know her?”
“No, but she was there when I brought Zeke in nearby last night.”
“Where nearby?”
Jimmy appeared uncomfortable but told me anyway. “I dropped him off at an inn or tavern in the village, and she met him outside.”
I nodded, but control over the waterworks was getting harder. “Jimmy, do you think we could leave now, please?”
She hugged me to her. “I’m sorry, Peaches, I can’t leave him here. I have to wait.” She lifted my chin and gently pressed a tissue to my cheeks. “Don’t mean I’m not as confused as a fart in a fan factory. That man don’t usually behave like this.” 
I squeezed Jimmy tightly before stepping back. “Enough about me. How are you and Jax?”
Her smile was as bright as the sun. “He’s fine and then some. Like all week, he was working nights at the hospital, but tonight when he’s finished, we’re going to Rome for supper.”
 “That sounds amazing. I’m so happy for you. Jax is a good man.”
We had chatted about other things for about half an hour when Zeke decided to join us. He looked a mess, and if I was being honest, freshly shagged. His eyes blinked in surprise when he saw us waiting, and he quickened his steps.
“You certainly took your sweet time,” Jimmy admonished. “Latch on so we can get the hell outta here. Pun mofo intended.”
Zeke put his hand out to hold mine, and I reluctantly took it. From my position, his shirt collar and several areas of his neck had red lipstick imprinted on them, plus he smelled of a sickly sweet floral perfume. The world tilted, and the next thing I knew, we were in Zeke’s living room.
Jimmy squeezed my hand then left without a word.
I walked to the kitchen, pulled a few paper towels off the roll and handed it to him. “That’s to remove the lipstick.”
His hand flew to his neck, but he said nothing. I made my way to the guest room, where I had left some personal items a few weeks earlier. After quickly changing into a pair of jeans, a tee-shirt, and ballet flats, I stuffed another change of clothes into a tote, grabbed a few toiletries from the en-suite bathroom then returned to the living room. Zeke was still standing in the same spot.
I crossed toward the door and felt his hand wrap around my wrist. “Jess, wait, don’t go.”
The man obviously didn’t realize the thin ice he was walking on. Whipping around, I looked him straight in the eye, anger buzzing within me like a colony of murder hornets. “Did you sleep with Essanne?” It was like asking did the earth rotate around the sun, but I needed to hear him admit it.
“Jess I─”
“It’s a yes/no answer. Did you or didn’t you?”
He pushed a hand over his hair, his expression pained. “I did.” I went to pull away, but he kept holding my arm. “Wait, Jess, something’s not right.”
I snapped my hand back, “Yeah, your brain’s in your dick.”
Chapter 4

It hadn’t taken long to find Semyon’s middle-of-nowhere country home. I’d been brought there once after he’d bailed me out of jail a few weeks earlier. Two towering wrought iron gates that I hadn’t noticed before were pulled closed, preventing me from driving up to the front door. A shifter security guard approached from an unseen location and signalled me to lower the window.
“State your business.”
“I’m here to see Jacques Trottier. I’m returning his master’s vehicle.”
I’d just had the car detailed because Mel had abandoned it under a heavily-populated pigeon coop. After leaving Zeke’s place, meeting with Semyon shot to the top of my priority list.
“Wait one moment, please,” he instructed after asking my name and seeing proof of I.D.
While the lithe shifter spoke in a series of codes, I observed the area. Shay and Jonah had said they were unable to locate Semyon, despite their excellent tracking abilities. What they didn’t know was the place was warded to near invisibility. I had a hunch our missing vampire had been home all this time.
“M’am, you may proceed on in. Mr. Trottier is expecting you.” The shifter raised his hand in a signal to open the gates and I wondered how many guards worked around the estate.
“Thank you,” I replied politely, then drove up the path, where I could see Jacques standing outside on the wide semi-circle stone steps at the front entrance. I parked the car but didn’t have a chance to get out before he’d crossed the short distance and held the door open for me.
“Mademoiselle Darrows,” Jacques exclaimed with a strained smile. “Mais quelle surprise. I was not expecting anyone. My apologies you were delayed at the gate. Added security,” he huffed while ushering me inside at a rather hurried pace.
I watched him close the front door firmly then turn several locks, double-checking the latches were secured. “Is everything okay, Jacques?”
“Come, it is best I show you.” He stopped in his tracks then peered at me with a deeply furrowed brow. “You must promise to keep this a secret.”
When I nodded my agreement, he led me through a bright, professionally equipped kitchen then stopped at the top of a cellar stairs. Semyon’s stentorian voice hollered from below. Jacques signalled me to follow but to stay out of sight.
“Jacques!!!! Dammit, where are you??” Semyon’s demanding tone seemed to reverberate throughout the whole house. From my vantage point, I noticed he was lorded out on a large sectional and dressed in a soiled white t-shirt and blue cotton joggers. “I need more blood!!!! How many times do I have to say it!!!”
“Mais, alors. It’s right over here,” Jacques patiently explained while picking up a blood bag off the side table, mere inches away.”
“Jess?” A sniffing sound was followed by a long inhale. “Jess, I know you’re there. Come out, come out wherever you are,” he sang playfully. The creepy smile in his voice made me wary. “C’mon, don’t be afraid. I won’t bite.”
Semyon had such an excellent sense of smell I was surprised he hadn’t caught my scent earlier. I headed down the remaining stairs into an expansive windowless basement where a low wattage lamp cast muted light about the room. Semyon’s face was partially obscured, but I could see he was surrounded by empty blood bags. His red eyes danced with bloodlust, while purple circles contoured his bleary eyes. Jacques pulled a dagger from his hip and wordlessly passed it to me. I shot him a look of surprise but said nothing as I wrapped my hand around the hilt and held it close to my side.
“Semyon,” I greeted, keeping a ten-foot gap between us, not that it would make a whole lot of difference because he could move incredibly fast. But the distance, nonetheless, was sending a message that this wasn’t a social call. Jacques picked up the empty bags and pulled fresh ones from a mini-fridge, again within Semyon’s reach. “That’s quite the thirst you have there.”
“Been like that for about five days now,” he grumbled, knocking back the contents of a pouch in one large gulp.
Jacques’ shoulders drooped as he sighed heavily. “The healer says it’s a major magical brain injury. There’s nothing to be done, only wait and see if he snaps out of it. Who knows how long that will take, if at all?”
“Don’t vampires have self-healing abilities?”
“Yes, but if the injuries are extensive, they would have to feed from another vampire to accelerate healing,” Jacques explained. “He already tried that but he could not hold it down, so I’ve been giving him human blood since.”
“Was there a visible wound related to this magical injury?”
Semyon patted the back of his head. “A small lump here, but that’s all.”
I craned my neck to get a better look but couldn’t see well enough. “And you haven’t left the house since that day?”
“Ah que non,” Jacques replied firmly. “He’s a three-hundred-year old vampire with the bloodlust of a newly made Nosferatu. He would drain every living creature within a twenty-mile radius.” He rubbed a hand over his unshaven jaw. “I am his butler, his chef, and his friend, but I am not so good at being his jailor.”
“Jacques, you worry too much,” Semyon flippantly waved off the concern.
Ignoring the comment, Jacques continued. “I do not know how much longer I can hide his condition. Keeping up his blood supply is becoming more and more difficult to maintain. He overdoses every day. I’m surprised he hasn’t passed out already. Plus, I’ve had to refuse all the ‘sniffer’ projects he’d normally take on because he’s incapable of working. And to make matters worse, the vampire queen has demanded his presence at some event next week. Declining the invitation is impossible, yet there is no way I can have him attend and behave normally.” His heavy jowls shook in dismay. “She will be very unhappy to learn that her little cash-cow is unwell.”
Semyon hiccupped. “I won’t tell her you said that.”
“He’s a global celebrity in the shifter world,” Jacques went on, “and is always very active on social media. The fact that he’s been uncommunicative will become a big issue with his fan base.”
“That could be a problem,” I commiserated. “Semyon, do you remember being at the Pete’s drive-thru and asking for payment of the favour I owed you? I had a black wolf with me, and we‘d stopped for a bite to eat.”
Semyon’s brow furrowed. “Yeah, what about it?”
“He asked you to repay a favour?” The butler didn’t seem happy about that if his affronted tone was anything to go by.
Semyon rolled his eyes. “S’just business, old man.”
“But that place exploded. Were you hurt, Jessica?” The butler’s eyes scanned my face and arms, looking for some sign of trauma.
“I’m fine,” I smiled at his concern. To the vampire, I said, “Do you know how you got home that morning?”
“Not sure,” Semyon shrugged.
“The rest area is at least three hours from here. Could you have covered that distance quickly enough to shelter before sunrise?”
“Jess, what’s with all the inane questions?” he moaned, slurping heavily from the blood bag.
Jacques clicked his fingers. “Yes! I remember him showing up here filthy and acting so strangely. He looked a complete mess.”
“But no injuries other than the lump?” I probed.
“Does a bad attitude count?” Jacques quipped. “Because if so, then the trauma is extensive.”
“Jacques, can you shine the light toward Semyon. Just for a moment. I’m curious about something.”
“Bien sûr.” Moments later, a gentle light fell over Semyon, who hissed with displeasure. 
His black, silken curls were a tangled, matted mess, his usually neat beard was now like a wild nest, and he reeked of body odour. Up close, his eyes were bloodshot, and his fangs started to descend with my proximity.
He kept his eyes trained on me as I backed away. “Jacques, order extra B positive. Jess smells delish.”
“You’ll take what’s available,” Jacques snapped in exasperation.
Besides returning his vehicle, the main reason for coming here today was to get information on the events of that morning at the drive-thru. I was hoping something might jog my memory and cure the amnesia, so I could take Eli and leave The Yards for good. Living there after what happened earlier today with Zeke was not an option. The other reason was to finalize my business with the vampire once and for all. I’d failed in having the certificate authenticated and procuring the Kott blood, but I’d tried my best, and it had cost me dearly.
 “Can you remember exactly when your bloodlust started? Was it after you left the eatery?”
Semyon seemed unhappy with my question. “It started when I got home that morning.” His fist clenched before he pounded it on the armrest. “I shouldn’t be like this! Only the newly turned get bloodlust! What the hell has happened to me?” He grabbed two bags and messily downed them in seconds. His chin and clothing were soaked in blood, his eyes danced with madness. Jacques pulled some wipes from a box and silently began to clean him up.
“So no recollection whatsoever of meeting or seeing anyone after I went to Faerie?” I pushed, trying to hide the dejection riding me.
“No, Chessica, I swear. It’s a total blank,” he slurred. “But whoever did this is going to regret fuchking with me.”
I’d no doubt about that. “Look at us,” I chortled mirthlessly. “We both have amnesia, and you’re a hemaholic.”
Jacques pivoted to face me. “You have lost your memories too?”
“Iss her own damn fault. She accepted those condishons for the serum,” Semyon burped loudly.
Goddess, help me. If I spent another minute here, I was going to impale his arrogant ass. 
Jacques threw his hands in the air then began picking up the waste paper basket filled with empty plastic pouches while muttering in French.
The vamp’s lids were drooping heavily, signalling he wasn’t far from oblivion. I leaned in closer to maintain eye contact. “So here’s how it is, Semyon Iamia. Given the injuries I sustained for honouring the payment you requested, I declare our transaction fulfilled. Please provide confirmation of such within twenty-four hours.”
He seemed to consider it for a moment, then refused with a pouty, “No.”
“What?” I barked.
“Only when I know you, Miss Chess, weren’t responsible for my current condition will I declare the deal finalized.”
“Semyon, listen carefully,” I ground out, feeling like I wanted to beat the man. “An innocent Kott elf was tortured and killed for your damn gift. You sent an indecent fake photo of me to Zeke, AND you trolled several social media sites under my name, posting vile things that really hurt my best friend and other people I care about. So, while I won’t shish-kabob your sorry ass while you’re in this state, I’d better get that confirmation by tomorrow, or I can guarandamntee you that you won’t forget this moment when you were given the choice to close this deal. Is that clear?”
“Ha! You’re funny, Chesh,” he slurred before passing out from a blood overdose.
 “Putain!” Jacques muttered, rolling his eyes toward the ceiling. The butler was at his wits’ end. Just then, the doorbell rang, prompting him to swear lowly in French. “Enfoiré! Mais j’en peux plus! Merde!” His cursing continued as he made his way up the stairs.
An exasperated sigh escaped me. Dammit! This hadn’t gone as planned.
Who would’ve thought the vampire would be as amnesiac as me? It had to be the queen’s handiwork. I couldn’t think of anyone else being involved. The question was, why? What did she gain by this? Just as I turned to leave, Semyon whimpered in his sleep. I observed his pitiful condition, never imagining he could look as vulnerable as he did right now. Grabbing a woollen throw from the back of the couch, I covered his sleeping form.
“I’m still really, really mad at you,” I told him, then placed a new bag of blood under his hand and headed upstairs to let Jacques know I was leaving.
Emerging into the sun-drenched kitchen, there, sitting at the table with an exhausted-looking Jacques, was Zeke.
“Him and his hounds would have killed all my guards, so I let him in,” Jacques explained without preamble. The hounds he was referring to were surely Shay, Jonah, and other trained enforcers. It spoke volumes to Zeke’s confidence that he’d just sauntered into an ancient vampire’s lair, ready for a bloodbath while wearing a crisp designer suit. My eyes fell to his neck, which no longer sported the evidence of his tryst with Miss Negligee.
Zeke leaned forward, resting his arms on the table. He appeared relaxed, but I could tell from the vein popping in his head he was far from it. “You left The Yards to come here? To see him?”
I raised my brows admonishingly. He certainly was in no position to question who I spent my time with, but I wasn’t going to say anything in front of Jacques. The man had enough to deal with. I placed the dagger on the table. “Thank you, Jacques. Take care of yourself. And call me if you need a break. I’d be happy to help out.”
“Merci beaucoup, Jess.”
“I’ll be in touch if I learn anything new.”
Outside, I looked around for Shay and Jonah to see if I could get a ride back with them, but it appeared they’d already left.
“Come on, Jess,” Zeke prompted, standing next to his car with the passenger door open. “It’s too far on foot.”
I wasn’t going to walk for miles, so, reluctantly, I got in.
After about ten minutes of total silence, Zeke sighed and briefly glanced over at me for the umpteenth time. “We need to talk.”
I continued looking out the passenger window at the verdant pastures as if I hadn’t heard him. It was only then I realized he’d taken the scenic route, making the drive considerably longer. “There’s nothing to discuss.”
“I want to talk about what happened at Scholomance.” He pressed a button somewhere on the dashboard that was more akin to a cockpit. A thermos complete with cups and napkins emerged from the central console. “Fresh java,” he indicated while slowing down for the combine harvester chugging at a snail’s pace ahead of us.
Unable to resist some top-grade brew, I poured us both a cup and set his in the sleek holder. When I spoke, I kept my voice even and calm. “There’s nothing you can say that can change the past. Let’s leave it at that.”
“That woman, Essanne, is a very powerful succubus. She took my energy. I didn’t know what happened─”
I tuned him out, uninterested in hearing the old ‘she made me do it’ excuse. You’d think men would’ve come up with a more honest reason for their indiscretions than blaming the other woman. He had some nerve trying to talk his way out of this when he’d sauntered off with her while I was standing right beside him. And according to Jimmy, who I trusted with my life, he’d met up with Essanne the night before. So, they’d spent the best part of twelve hours together, plus they’d gotten in a quickie after the meeting with Rathe. Yeah, his not-guilty plea was bullshit and added salt to a wound that, right now, felt like a third-degree burn. To make matters worse, I couldn’t walk away. Leaving The Yards meant losing Eli to the foster system, and I would not mess up my wolf’s future just because I fell for the wrong guy. At that moment, I realized my life had not only hit a new record low, I discovered it had multiple sub levels.
“Jess? Say something, please.” I looked at his hopeful expression and sighed inwardly.
I could have asked where his cold indifference was now, but there was no point in railing on at him because the damage was done. He was just another in a long list of people who said one thing and did another. It’s funny how disappointment can cut deeper than a blade. So I stitched up my metaphorical gash and went into recovery mode by becoming distant. I shrugged my shoulders dismissively in an ‘I heard you, but what can you do’ way.
He seemed saddened by my reaction. “You don’t believe me.”
I refilled my cup with more sinfully good java, “I’m not sure why you even want to have this conversation. It’s pointless.”
“Because I hate that you feel I hurt you when it’s not true.”
“Oh, it’s true, you did hurt me. But, I’m not going to dwell on something that I’ve already put behind me.”
“It’s only been a few hours since you walked away, but it feels like months.” He rubbed a hand over his braided blond hair, his jade eyes imploring me to understand. “I hate this distance between us, Jess. I miss holding you. I miss being able to wrap my arms around you.”
My heart pinched at his imploration. There was something fundamentally wrong with me for feeling like I needed to make him feel better when he was the one who chose another woman over me.
“Look, Zeke, I’m not going to fight with you about this. The way I see it, you made a choice and, while I wish things had turned out differently, I’ve accepted your preference.”
That so wasn’t true. If Essanne showed up here right now, I’d probably turn her into a warty toad.
“There’s no preference, and that’s the truth!” He seemed genuinely shocked that I wouldn’t believe him. “Why would I lie to you when I’ve no reason to?”
A sudden burning sensation on my hand made me gasp. I thought I’d spilled some coffee, but the cup was almost empty. Instead, a spot above my thumb stung like a hot poker was burrowing into it. My lungs felt devoid of all oxygen. I tried inhaling, but no air was getting through. Zeke pulled over onto the dirt shoulder and killed the engine. He opened all the windows then offered me water, tissues, and the support of his large palm across my back. The pain grew in intensity before dissipating as quickly as it had appeared and, after a short coughing fit, I was able to breathe normally again.
“You okay?” he asked worriedly.
It took a few moments to respond. “Yeah,” I rasped, cradling my hand inside my jacket. “Just swallowed the wrong way.” I noticed we’d stopped next to an open field. “I need to walk about for a moment. Won’t be long.”
“I’ll go with you.” Right then, his phone rang through the dashboard connection. He checked the screen. “It’s Shay. I better take this.” I was turning away when he added, “I’ll come join you. There’s something else I need us to discuss.”
“Yeah, me too.” He didn’t seem happy to hear that, but for my own well-being, I’d decided to tell him that I didn’t want any unnecessary contact with him anymore. He wouldn’t like it, but seeing him every day would be too hard. If Eli and Ezra really hit it off, I might ask Ezra if I could use his remote cabin. That way, I’d be sure to avoid the Opilio who’d put some serious dents in my heart.
I wandered through the meadow’s recently cut grass while watching various species of birds happily flit about. Cows lowed in a neighbouring field, and a gentle breeze carried with it the rich woodsy tones of moist earth beneath my feet. The sun was shining high in the sky, and I paused, lifting my face to bask in its warmth. But the halcyon moment was fleeting as my thoughts quickly drifted back to mage business, more specifically, meeting the ink master. This unknown person had top billing in my most recent nightmares. In one, he appeared as a lone hooded figure standing at a ferry terminal watching countless humans and Otherworlders boarding the ship. He handed me a boarding pass which quickly turned to inflamed black gunpowder, and I watched in horror as it formed a make-shift fuse trailing to the craft. The blast had me bolt upright in bed, covered in sweat. Despite my fears, I hoped the master would show up soon, immediately realize I wasn’t qualified for this entity shift job and would delegate it to someone more qualified.
The stress of it all was getting to me, and I needed to confide in somebody soon, or I’d go loopy. If I’d had a parent to rely on, it might alleviate things somehow, but I knew absolutely nothing about my parents except my mother had dumped me at the orphanage when she hadn’t managed to kill me. So, yeah, parental support wasn’t going to get me through this situation. I wasn’t sure what was. Parsons had lingering health issues, and I didn’t want to burden him with my problems. I would’ve gone to Ivy, but she surely had her hands full with the new baby by now. Goddess, I felt so lost. Maybe I’d talk to Jimmy when the moment was right. But that didn’t feel right either because she was already doing so much for so many. 
“Everything okay?” Zeke asked as he approached. He went to step closer then stopped as if restraining himself from touching me.
Yeah, I wasn’t going to be getting close to him, not when the image of Essanne’s mouth on his neck was still very vivid. “Is Shay alright?”
“Someone in Fern View square says they have security footage related to the first missing Fae. I need to head on over there right away and see if it gives us any leads. You don’t mind the detour?”
“No, it’s fine.”

We pulled up in front of a run-down corner shop whose windows hadn’t seen a lick of water in decades. Maybe washing through the iron bars was too much of a hassle. I followed Zeke inside and tried to decipher the contents of all the unrecognizable products cluttering the aisles while the owner, unsurprisingly, haggled with Zeke over the price of the information. A type of fish was agreed on, but the quantity would depend on the quality of the tape. A few minutes later, having viewed the footage, we were stood beside the car. A copy of the data was in hand, courtesy of the satisfied owner.
“We need to go to Snake Bite,” Zeke explained while keying a number on his phone. “Those two Fae saw something across the street and headed right to it just before they disappeared.”
Dread filled my gut as I eyed the crumbling tavern sitting across the street. It had all the curb-side appeal of a derelict row of teeth. There wasn’t one window intact, there were more shingles on the road than on the roof, and the sidewalk had disintegrated to a granular level. It reflected the psyche of the soulless owner, Vivian.
“Hey, Shay,” Zeke said into the phone. “I need you to deliver a dozen fresh Orange Roughies to the Dark Moon Emporium in Fern View Square.” After a pause and a chuckle, he said, “Didn’t know they were edible either. Okay, later.” When he hung up, he seemed to sense my reticence to go traipsing into the tavern. “We won’t be long,” he assured me. “I just have to see if there’s any recording from her side of the street.”
I was hesitant for a good reason. Vivian had shot me in the ankle for supposedly trespassing on her turf. Zeke had smoothed things over by offering her a couple of rare rabbits while, somehow, threatening her at the same time. “Why would you think she has security cameras? She barely has a roof?”
“You know she just recently bought the alley beside the bar. But earlier this year, the Magistrar’s office created a bylaw making cameras mandatory for recent land or properties purchased in their territory.” He pointed to the lamp post bordering the lane. “And Vivian had to comply.”
I noticed the brand new CCTV device pointed toward the street and couldn’t help but smile. “Purchasing that must’ve pissed her off, big time.”
“I pity the guy who had to install it.”
“What do you think she does with all her money? I mean, the place is a dump, but business is always booming. She must’ve made a fortune over the years.”
“Maybe you should ask her,” he teased.
“She’d deep fry my neck and have it as the daily special,” I volleyed. “Or she’d get her troll to do it.”
Zeke stopped dead in his tracks and turned to me, his face deadly serious. “Nobody will lay a hand on you because they know it’d be the last thing they’ll ever do.”
Protective vibes were wafting off him in dizzying waves. I figured his beast had surged forward with the urge to ensure my safety. Not wanting to deal with any alpha drama, I motioned for him to cross the street.
A burly troll manned the entrance, and in typical Snake Bite style, made no move to let us pass. Zeke didn’t even have to speak. The lethal look alone was enough to have the troll spring into action and open the door. As we passed inside, a chalkboard menu displayed the day’s choices.
Take it or leave it.
How convivial.
The odour of vomit, sour beer, fried food, and despair assailed my senses. The place was packed full of Otherworlders who were in various stages of inebriation and lustfulness. The energy felt like it was on a short slope to depravity. Vivian and her troll barman, Paz – or Paws as I called him – stood behind the wooden bar at the back of the establishment. Clearly, they were unhappy to see us. The rifle Paws aimed at us brought me to that conclusion. Vivian’s tight, black lips emphasized her dark brown gums and protruding fangs. Her elliptical green eyes shuttered open and shut repetitively while her wild frizzy, black curly hair stood on end. She was an inch away from shifting.
“Get the hell outta my bar,” she hissed just as Paws cocked his weapon. Total silence fell over the noisy crowd.
“Not gonna happen.” Zeke leaned casually on the bar, his head mere inches from the barrel of the gun. The troll was so intimidated he couldn’t even maintain eye contact with Zeke. Paws recently had his arms broken, and I suspected Zeke had done it in retaliation for when the troll snapped my radius. “Two of my Fae went missing next to your bar. We need to see security footage of the alleyway.”
“Your flock ain’t my problem. Now get out.”
“You know I could just go straight to your office and retrieve it myself, but I’m giving you an opportunity to be helpful here,” Zeke responded glibly as if he was ordering cupcakes. “Just like I could be helpful and take those four kilos of Zolta you’ve got stashed behind your chopping board. I’m thinking your customers might enjoy a little freebie.”
Her eyes widened momentarily before narrowing in fury as murmurings of excitement rose from the peanut gallery. “You’ve got five seconds to get out of here, Shepherd, or you’re gonna have one less sheep to count.” An evil grin stretched her taut skin as Paws directed the now-shaking gun toward me.
“We’ve been over this, Vivian,” he explained, as if to a child. “Nobody lays a hand on Jess, or I’ll rip their head off.” He threw a glance at Paws. “And you know I never bluff.”
Paz may have been a troll, but he wasn’t dumb. His eyes shot between Zeke and Vivian a few times before he lowered his weapon and stepped back.
“No good coward!!!” Vivian hissed at the massive creature. Without a word, she turned and headed to a door off the side of the bar. Zeke and I followed close on her heels.
The cramped office space was filthy and chaotic. She was quite the hoarder, and her collection was such that only the area leading to her desk and chair was clear of boxes, bags, and junk. Zeke gave her the exact date and time window to search. She sat heavily onto the chair then quickly clacked the keys of the dirt-encrusted keyboard while scanning the computer monitor.
“That them?” she asked, pointing at the screen, “coming toward the bar there.”
Zeke leaned in and confirmed they were the missing Fae. “But they don’t go in. They enter the alleyway instead.”
We watched as the pair seemed to gravitate unsteadily toward something unseen. They came to a sudden stop, grasped each other’s hands fearfully, then ran back in the direction they’d come from. The image disappeared, leaving nothing but a complete white-out for about fifteen seconds. When the feed was restored there was no sign of them anywhere.
“What happened to the connection?” Zeke clipped.
“How the hell should I know,” she snapped. “You wanted to see the content. You got it. Now piss off!”
“Make me a copy,” Zeke demanded.
“It’ll cost you,” she spat.”
“How about I don’t report your Zolta side hustle?”
Her lips puckered tightly with rage as she grabbed a USB key and transferred the data. She shoved it into his hand. “I hate the sight of you, but her,” she said, pure venom seeping from her hardened features, “she makes me wanna kill something.”
“The feeling’s mutual,” Zeke quipped. He pocketed the drive then covered my hand with his tugging me out to the bar area and through the crowd.
Stepping out into the fresh air felt so good after the heavy, hateful energy permeating the tavern. “You okay?” Zeke asked as we crossed the street.
“I didn’t get shot, so I’m calling it a win,” I shrugged, getting into the car. “Did you see anything helpful on either camera?” 
He pulled into traffic. “Something in that alley terrified them. They ran, but I don’t think they got far. Someone either hurt them or took them.”
“Why would someone want to abduct them? They seem so small and harmless, like little kids.”
“They’re adult Sheevra,” Zeke said softly, but I could see the tension he held in his shoulders. “Most are just mischievous and, as you say, harmless, but Otherworlders trade their bile on the black market to enhance certain potions. It’s illegal, of course, but that doesn’t prevent it from happening. And because Fern View Square is where most illicit business deals go down, it’s easy to imagine the worst.”
I shuddered to think what those poor Fae were going through. “So what’s the next step?”
“I’ll review the footage with Shay and Jonah, then send them in to see if they can pick up any residual scents and go from there. We already have a timeline from when they left their holiday campsite to their last known whereabouts.”
We drove the rest of the way in relative silence. I was waiting for him to bring up what he’d wanted to discuss earlier, but when he didn’t, I figured he was preoccupied with investigating the disappearances. I’d remain mum about wanting to move to a more isolated location until another time. 
He pulled up in front of the ink studio. Jimmy arrived at that moment, her arms laden with various bottles of alcohol.
“Studio house-warming gift,” she winked playfully. “Of course, I got all my personal favourites in here, so you know…. most of these are for me.”
“Your timing is impeccable,” I smiled. “I could certainly do with a drink or drinks.”
Her gaze shifted between us. “Where y’all coming from?”
“We were at Semyon’s then Fern View,” Zeke replied and gave a brief summary of what happened.
“There’s something I don’t understand,” I frowned, remembering how Zeke had just shown up at the vampire’s lair. “How did you find me? Semyon’s place is practically invisible.”
Zeke reached into his pocket and pulled out an emerald encrusted envelope. Suddenly, all I could smell was the sweet odour of wildflowers under the summer sun and soft earth nurturing tall grass as rainbows dance above.
“This is what I wanted to talk about. It arrived just after you walked ou…uhm, left,” he corrected. “It flittered about the room as if it was searching for you, then slipped under the door and began to magically trail away, so I followed it to the vamp’s estate.”
“Is it another invitation?” I frowned. My eyes swept over the words Ink Mage written in silver calligraphy embellished with Celtic knots. Lifting out a card that matched the envelope, my eyes flew over the elaborate script. “I am to meet High Priestess Rayden, a representative of The Summerlands tomorrow at twelve noon.” The Summerlands was an after-life plane for witches, wizards, and their familiars. “The address is Meadowsweet Hollows in Shropshire, England.” I eyed Zeke, “I had no idea all the realms were represented on earth.”
“Maybe they didn’t cover it at The Hills?” He reached out a hand for the card. “But Meadowsweet Hollows would be the equivalent to Scholomance castle.”
Hmmmm. “Not sure I fancy another experience like that.”
“You have to go, Peaches,” Jimmy warned. “To refuse would set off all sorts of diplomatic shit.”
“We’ll accompany you,” Zeke added while nodding toward Jimmy, “Like last time.”
The man must be delusional if he thought I wanted him tagging along. He’d probably find another negligee-clad siren to bang.
“That won’t be necessary.” I turned to my jinn friend, “but the transport there and back would be greatly appreciated.”
“I can’t go to a place like that without back-up,” Jimmy explained. “They’ll know I’m a jinn, and people be just lining up trying to imprison me for that three wishes bullshit. I need Zeke there for my own safety and, while you might not see it, you need him there for yours too. These Realm reps can be real nasty types. Know what I’m saying?”
“She’s right,” Zeke added.” Their homes and surrounding land are under Realm rule.
“Yeah, so when you’re on their turf,” Jimmy continued, “you gotta watch your step, or they’ll cream your corn, and ain’t nothin’ you can do about it.”
“Okay, fine then,” I conceded. “What time do we leave at?”
“We’ll leave at 11:45 a.m.” Zeke said.
“All right! That gives us plenty of shopping time.” Jimmy clapped her hands excitedly.
“Why would I go shopping when I have a brand new suit?”
Jimmy burst out laughing. “You can’t go to no Summerlands meeting dressed in a suit! They’re the nearest thing to hippies, like Burning Man types. You wear that suit, and you’re sending a message that you’re buddies with the Inferna reps. Know what I’m sayin’?”
“But what if I showed up in my regular clothes? Wouldn’t that be considered acceptable?”
“Peaches, everyone knows you live in The Yards. They know you have people counselling you on these things. If you go in there wearing ratty tatty jeans and sneakers, it can be perceived as Zeke being disrespectful toward their realm.”
“Goddess, this is so complicated.”
“It sure is! But, I’m gonna do you a solid and bring you a selection of clothes to choose from. That way, you don’t have to be dragged into no store. Okay?”
“That sounds perfect” I smiled, feeling relieved.
“Raincheck on the booze-fest.” Jimmy sent me air kisses. “I have a wardrobe to plan. See y’all tomorrow.”
After she’d disapparated, I turned to Zeke. “If you have the time, I’d like to pick up the rest of my stuff from your place.” He seemed reluctant but nodded, then walked to the car and held the door open for me.

Forty minutes later, we rode the elevator down from Zeke’s penthouse located in La Mer ─ a tall glass and steel building overlooking the bay ─ to the garage level. While I was packing my things, Zeke had stood in the doorway of the guest room, listing all the reasons why it would be better for us to work through what happened at Scholomance. When he hadn’t succeeded in changing my mind, he’d become silent. Things remained that way on the drive back to Inkspot.
 “Thanks for the ride,” I told him as we pulled up in front of the studio.
“I’ll bring in your things.” He grabbed my large carry-all and garment bag, exiting the car before I could decline the offer. 
Inside the studio, he deposited the items on a chair and checked that the connecting door to the tattoo parlour was locked. “The place is well warded up,” he assured me, then seemed to notice my ink supplies were still in their boxes, and nothing had been set up. “You’re not making ink?”
A side-effect of being an alchemist witch was the compulsion to make ink. To ignore the urge would result in me feeling something akin to a bad dose of the flu, and I’d gradually get worse each day until I crafted a new batch. “Not right now, no.”
He rubbed a hand over his braided hair. “I’ll never be done saying I’m sorry. I’ll never be done asking you to forgive me.”
Goddess, he seemed so cut up over this. It was making me feel bad when I hadn’t been the one to pull the plug.
“I’ll make this right between us, Jess. I promise.”
I shook my head, having reached my limit. “There’s nothing to make right because there’s nothing between us. I’ll work here and contribute to the community, but only until Eli is no longer under guardianship then I’m gone. Whatever debt I owe you, I’ll continue to repay through my ink sales.”
He looked like I’d just condemned him but nodded grimly, then turned abruptly and left.
I slumped down in the chair and allowed myself the cry I’d been suppressing since Zeke walked away with Essanne. I wasn’t the type to weep for days on end but, I needed this one good sob session, then I’d move on.

I woke up a few hours later feeling exhausted and surrounded by tear-soaked tissues. My eyes felt sore and puffy, and the pain in my hand had worsened. I located some of the blue potion prescribed for my ankle, rubbed it on the sore spot as opposed to ingesting it then decided to do something that would lift my spirits: make ink.
Time passed in a blur. I’d entered a bubble where nothing mattered, only the work. All needs like bio-breaks and food breaks ceased until I was funnelling the last of the ink into a sterile glass bottle. I twisted the cap closed and sat back, feeling content with what I’d produced. Admittedly, it was the darkest I’d ever made, and I wasn’t talking about the colour. Not that I ever set out to make any particular type, the ink just came into being naturally. Circe would be inked into the skin to herald triumph over the pain of broken promises and betrayal. It called especially to the feminine, aiding her power to be reclaimed.
With the remnants seeping through my fingernails, I felt my mood as dark as the night sky. Looking out the window, I noticed my truck had been left by the curb, just as Zeke had said. I appreciated having a means of transportation again, but I just wished he could be as reliable with the more important things – like relationships. A crashing noise sounded from inside the tattoo parlour, which was quickly followed by a loud groan. Checking the time, I noticed it was almost three in the morning. Some artists worked after midnight, but I thought everyone would have gone home by now. Quietly unlocking the latch, I pulled open the connecting door, and stepped into the main shop.
Had Rick forgotten to lock up? “Hello?” I called out in a whisper. “Rick?”
“Fffffffffuck off! We’re closed!”
I’d know that cockney accent anywhere. “Ling?” I fumbled for the light switch. “What’re you doing here?” My fingers found a dimmer, and I turned the dial to max. 
“Jess? Fffffucking Hell. I thought this was my place.” His hand palmed his face. “This is messed up.”
Ling was a second-generation Chinese man and owner of InkLing’s tattoo parlour. His body was covered in tattoos, except for his face and neck. Even his shaved head sported intricate black and grey designs. He wasn’t dressed in his signature white t-shirt and dark jeans, but a pair of worn flannel pyjamas. Judging from the droop of his shoulders and bloodshot eyes, he wasn’t doing so well.
“Uhm…can I help you with something?”
“We need to have a con-flab, yeah?” His head suddenly turned to the left. “I’m ffffucking telling her,” he snarled angrily.
My eyes followed his line of sight, but I couldn’t see anyone. “Uhm…are you Okay?” It was a redundant question because he wouldn’t have shown up in the middle of the night if all was well.
“Can we sit down?” he asked, rubbing his eyes.
We weren’t what you’d call friends. Ling used to buy my ink on the sly even though the Magistrar’s office banned me from trading following Bossman’s death. Despite knowing I was penniless, Ling never paid me what the ink was worth. Still, he was the only one who bought any at all, which was why I was ready to listen to whatever he had come to say.
“Sure, yeah.” Figuring it was best to stay in the shop area, as opposed to my studio, I pulled up another chair next to the reception desk and invited him to take a seat. “So, what’s going on?” I asked, pivoting to face him.
He passed a hand over his jaw, clearly reluctant to talk. “I went back to London. My old man died.”
“Oh, I’m sorry to hear that.”
“S’alrigh’,” he shrugged. “He was a hard geezer, yeah?”
“Well, we don’t get to choose family, only friends.”
He nodded at that but remained silent for a long moment. “You got some booze in ‘ere?”
“I think they’ve some in the office,” I said. “Gimme a sec.” When I returned with a bottle of whisky and two glasses, he relieved me of the glasses and set them down. I poured him a double and put a little in my own.
“Cheers,” he toasted as we clinked glasses. He knocked back the liquor before mine even wet my lips.
“Something happened in London,” I stated while refilling his glass.
“Ffffucking hell, yeah.” He turned his head and growled. “I’m getting to it.”
Again, my eyes swept around the shop, but I couldn’t see anything. It was beginning to creep me out. “Did someone hurt you or your family?” He downed the whisky, so I poured him another.
He passed his fingers over his chin contemplatively. “We had to do this funeral thing. It’s where we visit the temple for seven days, traditional stuff. So, I’m there, right, and everyone’s bringing their little offerings, but I’m like, ffffuck this, I can’t do it. The old man never gave me anything except a fffucking hard time, so why should I honour him.” He wiped his face again, and I noticed moisture on his cheeks. “Anyway, by the seventh day, I’ve got a backlog of mad building up inside. He always saw me as a thug. My art was nothing to him. You know, I once sent him a small stencilled design – the first tattoo from my first shop. I thought he’d be proud, being a businessman himself. You know what he did? He fucking threw it away.” Ling paused, and I saw how deep that rejection had cut. “I didn’t know it at the time, but my mum found the stencil and kept it hidden all these years. On the seventh day of our ritual thing, she hands it to me to lay out as an offering to honour him. I waited until the family left the temple, then I set that thing on fire and flung it onto his altar space. He hadn’t wanted it when he was alive, I wasn’t going to fffucking give it to him when he was dead.”
I knew Ling hadn’t shown up here in the early hours of the morning to discuss his family’s dynamics. Something bad had happened. I was sure. “Did burning it cause a problem?”
“Yeah.” He looked down for a moment as if ashamed. “Things got a bit fucked up.” He downed the last of the whiskey. “I burned the stencil, and next thing, this…..this cloud of black soot rises up from the burnt paper. It hovers above my head for a few seconds then swoops down and enters my nose, and mouth, my eyes, even my ffucking ears.”
“Soot? Like they didn’t clean their chimney or….Otherworld stuff?”
“It was superfuckingnatural, Jess. That’s what it was.”
“So what happened then? Were you okay?”
“I was spooked big time and ran out of there. Everything was alright for a few days, yeah? Got back from London, returned to the shop, and then it started.”
“What started?”
“The Voice.”
“The T.V. show?”
“No! A fucking guy’s voice is in my head!”
Oh shit! That didn’t sound good. I suddenly realized the precariousness of my situation. I was alone with someone potentially unstable, and I’d left my phone in the studio. 
“What did the voice say?” I inquired sheepishly.
Please don’t say ‘murder Jess.’ Please don’t say ‘murder Jess.’
“Look, I’m going to sound fucked up…well, I already am, but here goes. He’s saying he’s the ink master to Jessica Maurelle Darrows.”
My spine stiffened. Several people knew I was waiting for the ink master to make contact, but pretending he possessed the body of Ling wasn’t my idea of a fun practical joke. Still, I was going to take it on the chin. “Was it Shay or Jonah who set this up?”
He leaned back his expression, displeased. “For ffffuck sake, Jess,” he said, gripping his head. “It’s not a joke. For two weeks, I’ve been thinking I’m going mental, yeah? Like tonight after I finished up with my last client, the voice is going on non-fffucking-stop about seeing you. I got really mad, chucked back a few sleeping pills, and went to bed.” He leaned forward, hands resting on his spread thighs. “I woke up standing here, right inside this shop.” He pointed toward his head “the fucker’s taking over ‘cause I didn’t drive here.”
There was no denying he was struggling with whatever was happening. Maybe talking things through would help convince him to see a healer. “Okay, Ling,” I offered soothingly, “let me put on some coffee, and we’ll have a chat.”
“Sounds good.” He stood up and patted his pockets, “I’m going out for a smoke.”
I popped an espresso pod into the coffee machine, then went to get my phone from the work desk and called the only person I thought could offer some insight right now.
“Hey, Lyre, look I’m really sorry for the late call, but I need to talk to you.”
“Jess?” Her sleepy voice made me wince with guilt. It was nearing 3:15 a.m. “Is everything okay?”
The elfin-like woman manned the desk at the Thaumaturgy Treasury library. She also managed the cursed section, which housed the most malevolent curses ever written. Parsons and Lyre were close friends and had been helping me research anything catalogued regarding ink mages.
“Yeah, uhm, an acquaintance just showed up saying the ink master wants to talk to me, but I don’t know if it’s a joke.”
“Oh,” she gasped, suddenly sounding wide awake. “Tell me everything. Who is it?”
I went on to explain about Ling, the funeral, and the fact that the master seemed to be a spirit inhabiting him. By the time I’d finished, I was confused and a bit scared. “What do I do? Is Ling crazy, or did a spirit actually bring him to the shop in the middle of the night?” 
“I’d say speak to this presence. Find out its purpose and ensure it understands you want no harm to come to your friend Ling.”
“Okay. That’s a good idea,” I gushed nervously. “Do you think it would harm him?”
“I don’t know. That’s why it’s important to first get its name and establish rules from the get- go.”
“And what then?”
Lyre pondered that for a moment. “I think this is a ‘play it by ear’ situation. We don’t have all the answers, or any, to be honest. I’ve just finished combing through another ancient textbook but found nothing on the last ink mage. Ling might be the breakthrough we were looking for, but I’ll wait to hear back from you before updating Parsons.”
“Okay. I’ll call later today if I have any news. And thanks for all your help. I really appreciate it.”
“Jess, just make sure Zeke is with you when you interact with this entity. At least until you’re certain it’s legitimate.”
Yeah, that wouldn’t be happening. I’d take my chances with Ling’s spirit before I’d ask Zeke for help. “Got it. And sorry again for waking you.”
When I returned to the reception area, Ling was seated at the desk and had two coffees waiting. “You have the same machine as me,” he said with a tad more cheer.
“Every home should have one.” I quipped nervously.
He leaned back in the chair, his body less tense. “Coming here has shut that thing up.”
“Actually, Ling, I’m going to need to talk to it.”
He shot me a wary glance. “How does that work?”
My shoulders shrugged. “I don’t know. I guess you just take a step back, mentally, that is, and I’ll see what this spirit has to say.”
“Well, what if he don’t wanna to let me back in, so to speak? I mean, I didn’t even wanna be here in the first place, but he wasn’t takin’ no for an answer, was he?”
“Can’t argue with you there, but like you say, since you got here, he’s been quiet, right?”
“Yeah, mostly,” he scowled. “I suppose.”
“So, let’s say he’s giving you time to explain what’s been happening and is waiting for his turn.” He still didn’t seem convinced. “Best give it a try, or he might feel compelled to take over again.”
“Ffffuck,” Ling swore. “Alright, but tell him, no more fucking about with me. I’m okay with him talking to you, but if I end up somewhere I hadn’t intended, I’ll get myself exorcized.”
I raised both palms. “No walkies only talkies. Gotcha.”
“So, how do I do this stepping back thing?”
“Maybe relax a bit? I don’t know. I’ve never done this before. Closing your eyes and trying to meditate might be a good place to start.”
He did just that, and a minute later, when his eyes reopened, I knew instinctively, I was no longer in the presence of the cockney tattooist.
“Miss Jessica Maurelle Darrows.” The spirit within Ling bowed its head.
Taking Lyre’s advice, I bowed my head in return and asked, “Uhm, what’s your name?”
“I have had many identities throughout the ages, but I am now known as Haff.” Its deep voice resonated with a slight echo.
“Hello Half, pleased to meet you.”
“It’s Haff, not Half. I am entirely whole, I assure you.”
“Sorry, Haff,” I added a few f’s in there just to give Ling a giggle.
“I am most pleased to finally meet you, Mage. The inscriber’s mind is strong and his will, fierce otherwise I would have had this encounter much sooner.”
Inscriber? I’d never heard of that type of Otherworlder. It was certainly something I’d try and get more information on, but directly from Ling. It didn’t feel right coming from someone possessing his body.
“I have inhabited the corporeal form of this man to instruct you on how to prepare for the difficult task that lies ahead of you.”
“No offence or anything, but how do I know you’re the actual ink master and not an imposter?”
“Because,” he explained, “only She can summon me.” He pointed to my face, and in a split second, my inner mage rushed through, her inky swirls protruding every vein in my body, vibrating serendipitously. Given I’d only ever felt her presence in situations of violence, this felt nice. I sensed her happiness, so I took it as confirmation that Haff was legit. As soon as that thought had formed, the mage’s inky manifestation retreated.
Okay, so I guess this long-awaited moment was really happening. “I have so many questions rattling around inside my head right now I don’t even know where to begin.”
Haff bowed with a smile. “Why not start with the most pressing?”
“Right. Now I don’t mean to sound ungrateful or anything, but ahhmmm….I’d like to resign. I’m sure someone else would want the job, right?” He was still and silent for so long, I thought I’d broken him or that he’d up and left. “Haff? You still in there?”
“Indeed I am. I was trying to read your aura, but you have shielded it very well. The only frequency I perceive is profound fear. Am I right in saying you are utterly petrified?”
Well, I’d been looking for a safe space to reveal how all of this was affecting me, so I guess this was my opportunity to put it out there.
“Haff, I honestly don’t want this mage job. I didn’t ask for it. It was just dumped on me. And, I’d like to know who decided I should be the one to shoulder this burden because we need to have a conversation about consent. And yes, I’m terribly frightened because you not only forced me to become this varicose vein Venom wannabe, but you chose the wrong witch, and, basically life on earth as we know it is doomed.” I exhaled at length, feeling my shoulders slump with relief. Haff had gotten the truth, and now I could go back to being normal again.
He pressed his palms together. “I’m afraid this is not a role you can walk away from or transfer to another. The Fates made their choice, and it is final. But, you are not shouldering this alone, for your mage is within you – and she is a powerful one, if I may say. Together you will achieve this challenging but great feat. Reluctance, doubt, fear, and anger are all part of the journey of coming into your power, and it is a positive sign of awareness. I would be far more concerned if you had immediately declared yourself ready to code. Imagine trying to train someone who felt they knew it all?”
“But why didn’t the Fates ask me if this is what I wanted? It’s a huge thing they’re expecting from me.”
Haff nodded in commiseration. “Their workings are a mystery. But, if you trust their judgement and most especially, trust their faith in you, all will be well.”
Haff sounded like he was drinking the Fates’ kool-aid, and I wasn’t buying the spiel that there was no escape clause. I mean, there had to be a loophole somewhere. The best thing I could do right now was to go along with being trained by a possessed tattooist but still keep looking for a spell to release me from coding the next beast.
“Do you have any other questions?” Haff inquired.
“What about Ling? Will any harm come to him because of this… uhm.” I motioned toward his head, “Squatting?”
“None whatsoever. But the host will feel far less troubled if he ceases to resist.”
“So, all Ling has to do is listen when you communicate with him?”
“Precisely, Mage. I will inform him when I require him to connect with you.”
“And the training can be done outside of his working hours? He doesn’t want it to interfere with his business.”
Ling was not known for being customer-service-oriented. In fact, he was downright rude, but the man was always booked-up because of his exceptional artwork and tattooing skills.
Haff shook his head. “The training will impact his life significantly. Compromise is key for him to retain optimum mental health.”
“I’m not sure I understand.”
“I will be preparing you to face an unknown but fierce, adversary; so fierce your mind can’t even comprehend the enormity of it. The fate of many is in your hands. To say it will not be an easy task would be an understatement. So, the commercial affairs of the Inscriber are as insignificant as a grain of sand on the shore.”
Ling would be as mad as all get out. “I’ll be sure to give him the message.” Another question came to mind. “May I ask why you chose to occupy Ling’s body?”
Haff smiled. “He is completely fascinated by your ink and has been for some time. I found him because he hoarded your ink in a special vault. Anyone you ever sold your products to, he bought from them, for his collection. I mean, he uses it for his art, but he feels nobody else can truly appreciate its quality quite like him. I chose him because of the lure your ink has over him.”
Hmmm, it hadn’t stopped him from getting out of paying me full price for it when I was barely managing to keep off the streets. “Well, I won’t say anything about the hoarding. I’m sure he’d tell me if he wanted to.”
“It is probably for the best.”
“There was so much more I needed to know, like, how long the training would last? What if the supernatural shift happened before I was fully trained? Where would this coding go down? Would he be with me right to the end? Instead, I asked him where he was from.
Haff raised his palms together, creating a sense of calm in my mind. “There will be time for a more in-depth conversation tomorrow. The inscriber is quite fatigued.”
“Oh, okay. Is it possible to have a day to prep before we get things started? I have a meeting booked tomorrow.”
His head tilted slightly before bowing in acknowledgement. “Your education will commence tomorrow afternoon.”
“Right,” so not an entire day off. “I guess I’ll see you back here then?”
“Correct. But, you too must rest. I detect disappointment and much sadness. Your mind must be sharp when we begin with the basics.”
“Basic training,” I mused. “What does that involve exactly?”
“Haven’t a fffucking clue,” Ling responded in confusion while looking about. “I don’t like this mind possession thing one bit.” He checked his empty glass. “What you find out then?”
“Yeah, there’s an ink-mage’s-master-trainer-spirit thingy inside you.”
“You’re not making sense, Jess.”
After swearing him to secrecy, I quickly explained how I became an ink mage, what was required to achieve the end goal, then summarized the conversation with Haff. 
“So he’s going to take over my mind, just like that?” he snapped his fingers. “What if I’m with a client?”
“He says communication and compromise are key. Dialogue as much as possible, so you’re not stressed out.”
“Bullshit! This is going to affect my business big time, innit?”
Just then, an idea came to mind. “Ling, why not come and work here at Inkspot? Then when Haff shows up, we’ll get things sorted out fast and hassle-free.”
“And swear fealty to that twat, Zeke? No fffucking way. I’m going home,” he grumbled. “Can you call me a cab?”
“I’ll drive you. I didn’t drink.”
He eyed my glass then tipped back the half shot. “For the road,” he murmured.
Chapter 5

Grey clouds rolled across the horizon as I crossed back into The Yards. Choops, who was on duty at the security kiosk, signalled me to pull over, and I whimpered under my breath but resisted rolling my eyes. He didn’t know I was running on empty, both physically and emotionally.
“Hi, Jess!” The kid looked like he was straight out of high school but was probably in his thirties. Typical of wolf shifters, they aged at a snail’s pace after puberty.
“Hi there,” I smiled tightly. “I’m just headed to the workshop?”
“Yeah, you’re good. Back on the authorized list again,” he waved his hand as if there never was an issue to begin with. “So, you like the studio? I helped out on the rebuild.”
“You did? That’s so cool. Well, the place…it’s perfect really. Everyone did such a great job.” I kept my smile in place. Despite my appreciation for his hard work, I felt so tired it was an effort to maintain the conversation, so I put the truck in Drive, signalling I wanted to leave.
“Awesome!” he beamed, “Hey, I was thinking of getting tattooed again, you know, something badass, like continuing up to my shoulders. Could you find me the right ink?”
“Sure. Just go on the shop’s website and email me as many details as you can. We’ll go from there.”
“Cool! Appreciate that!” He tapped the door twice then jogged back to the kiosk.
I turned to find Zeke sitting in the passenger seat. “Gaah!” I jolted with fright, much to his amusement. “Would you, like, make noise or something instead of creeping up on me?” I kept my hand on the gear. “What’s going on?”
“Parsons called. We need to talk.”
“Oh, Goddess! Is he okay?”
“He’s fine. He just wanted to know how things went when we met the ink master.”
Thoughts of being curled up in bed and crashing for a few hours flittered away like sand in the wind. “Okay, I’ll bring you up to speed,” I nodded as a wide yawn escaped me.
“Thought as much,” he mused. “You’re exhausted, so I’m driving.” An instant later, he lifted me up and switched places, putting himself behind the wheel.
“But it’s not even a half-mile from here,” I protested mildly.
“That’s when most accidents occur.”
A few minutes later, we parked in front of the studio and headed inside. The heavenly aroma of baked bread and fresh coffee enveloped me.
“Croissants are in the oven, and coffee’s ready.” He must have caught the worried look I gave him because he quickly explained, “I didn’t enter your space, Jess. The gnomes asked me how you like breakfast, and I told them. Someone on the team of Brownies down at the bakery set things up.”
“Oh, okay.” I was relieved to know he hadn’t just sauntered in as if he lived here. I know, technically, it was his place, but I had boundaries, and I just wanted to be sure they were respected.
“They’ll probably do this kind of stuff on a regular basis,” he offered.
“Really? Is that one of the perks of community life?”
“Not quite.”
Zeke explained that he suspended negotiations on a new collective bargaining agreement with the gnomes because I’d convinced him they were quite capable of organizing their workload without his interference. The gnomes were shocked at first, then elated at the freedom. Because they were prone to overwork, Zeke informed them they would re-evaluate in six months just as a precautionary measure but that it was probably only a formality.
“Don’t be surprised if you find little gifts left about,” Zeke chuckled. “The gnomes, Brownies, Selkies, and elves are very grateful and, if I’m being honest, very relieved.”
 “I’m just glad it worked out. And tell them thanks for breakfast, but I don’t want gifts or anything.”
“Okay, but just so you know, they can be selectively deaf.” He busied himself with serving up the coffee and croissants, and I couldn’t help but devour the buttery goodness and excellent brew. “So tell me about this ink master and how he managed to bypass our wards.”
I settled onto the couch and told him everything about Ling’s impromptu visit.

“No, I’m not disturbing her,” Zeke whispered. “She’s exhausted.”
I jerked upright, not realizing I’d fallen asleep. Zeke had been talking about security measures to deal with Ling’s spirit, and I guess that was as good as a lullaby. I noticed he’d put a blanket over me and closed the curtains, shading me from the daylight. It was a nice gesture, but I don’t know why he spent hours out here next to a comatose woman.
“Hallaleujazz! You’re awake,” Jimmy gasped. “Time to get ready. We have to be in Meadowsweet in twenty minutes.” 
“Hold on, Jimmy,” Zeke said gently, “give her a chance to wake up.”
“I’m awake,” I added evenly. “Sorry I crashed.”
Zeke eyed me with concern. “I figured you were worn out after…well, everything.” 
I ignored his loaded comment and turned my attention to Jimmy. She had multiple garment bags floating past me as she ushered me toward the bathroom. “You get a two-minute shower while I bring Zeke back to change at his place. I swear to God, y’all making me earn my own Air miles.”

“You movin’ as fast a herd of turtles in there,” Jimmy griped through the bathroom door about ten minutes later. She had a plethora of clothes and accessories with her and made me try on everything with magical speed. But none of the outfits felt right, and I feared she was at the end of her rope. In fairness, I’d have lost my mind by now had the roles been reversed.
“I’m putting it on. Almost there.”
“That’s the last dress, so if you don’t like this one, you’re goin’ in your britches.”
Emerging from the bathroom, I was wearing a dress that was so magnificent I couldn’t help beaming a wide smile. “Jimmy, this is like…. incredible!” It was a light blue, fluid ankle-length silk dress with a thin outer layer crossed at the heart and a wide silk sash nestled at the waist. The long bell sleeves completed the airy look. “I’ve never had a dress I loved before, but this….this I love.”
“Well, what do ya know,” Jimmy smirked, obviously very pleased with my reaction, “Miss Ratty-tatty Jeans and sneakers likes something fancy. I’m gonna record this moment in my ‘Halleujazz’ category. Now c’mon over here and let me fix your hair and make-up. It’ll take all my superpowers to get rid of those puffy eyes. What happened to you anyway? You didn’t get no sleep?”
Not wanting to admit I’d had a good cry after Zeke left last night, I explained about Haff. “The ink master showed up in the middle of the night. It’s a spirit inhabiting Ling, you know, the guy from InkLing’s Tattoos?”
“Well, I am just dying to hear all the juicy details. But first, let’s get the nasty-nasty out of the way with this meeting.”
Zeke, who had already been transported to Shropshire while I’d been trying on clothes, met us outside a lavish red-brick manor with high hedgerows that appeared to be wildlife-rich. He looked incredibly handsome and was dressed in a rich grey suit and crisp white shirt. I noted the ensemble looked impeccable and not at all crumpled.
His eyes roved my face and my outfit. “Jess! You are more beautiful than a host of angels.”
“She wasn’t angelic when I started puttin’ those flowers in her hair,” Jimmy grumbled. “I was about to go to jail, she was complaining so much.”
“Thanks so much Jimmy,” I offered sincerely. “I’m going to spoil you with some fun girl time for putting up with me.”
“I don’t need no thanks. Just stop resisting when I’m dolling you up, an’ that’ll make me happier than an ant at a church picnic.”
“Got it,” I smiled. “Resistance is futile.”
“Now g’on, an’ get in there. I’ll be waiting here for you both. I don’t wanna see either of you coming out alone this time, okay? My nerves couldn’t stand it.”
Zeke nodded, “I’m staying close to her at all times.”
The saying ‘shutting the gate after the horse got out’ came to mind. He was trying hard to make up for what happened, but nothing could repair what was damaged. “Let’s just get in and out as quickly as possible,” I said nervously.
We walked the pristine concrete path flanked by various flower and herb patches. The alchemist in me noted some rare finds that I would have just loved to have plucked there and then.
“The magic here feels weird,” Zeke remarked under his breath.
He was right. Something felt very peculiar around the house and the land. “Maybe it’s their protection wards?”
“I’m not sure. It’s strong and feels really ancient too.”
Just then, the door opened, and a young woman with long, blonde, wavy hair and a warm smile waved to us. Her white, silk kaftan was adorned with turquoise jewellery. “Welcome, Ink Mage,” she greeted, bowing slightly. She acknowledged Zeke with a short nod then addressed me. “Your man must wait in the back.”
“Oh, he’s not my man.”
“Your security then?”
“He prefers being a tourist,” I joked, half in earnest.
She frowned, confused. “There are no tours provided here.”
“I stay with Jess or we don’t go in,” Zeke responded, none too happy.
“I must insist ─”
“─ Sister,” a woman’s voice cautioned gently, “allow our guests through, please.”
We entered a long, narrow hallway, where, much like Faerie, the décor was surprising. There was no hippy vibe, no eclectic blending of patterns and colors, no free-spirit non-conformist items. If anything, the Victorian panelling, busy wallpaper, framed sketches, and sepia photographs adorning the walls cast an austere shade to the place. Odours of lemon and lavender filled the space, creating a fresh, airy feel, and I thought to myself how Snake Bite could take a page out of Meadowsweet’s crisp scented space. Well, Vivian would need more than a page – more like the whole book itself.
A corpulent woman wearing a full-length purple gown with a matching, tall, and heavily bejewelled turban greeted us. “Jessica,” she greeted warmly. Her eyes sparkled with hues of sapphire, and her smile was joyful. “Merry meet. I am Rayden, High Priestess to the Summerlands Realm.”
“Merry meet,” I offered in return. “This is Zeke. He’s not my mate, nor is he here in a security capacity.”
“I’m here for anything Jess needs. That includes protection,” he corrected.
Rayden shot me a bemused glance before addressing him. “Well, Zeke, you are most welcome, although there is no need for vigilance of any kind here, for we live in peace and co-exist with all. Now,” she motioned us further into the hall, “let us retire to the conservatory. It is far more comfortable than the vestibule.”
She led the way, offering a litany of historical facts about the house just as Kutmisan had done at Scholomance, but I was far too nervous to retain anything. The magical energy in the place was strange and pressed in on my sinuses and eyes. I felt a whopper of a headache coming on. Zeke eyed me and mouthed, ‘are you okay?’ I replied with an inaudible yes but rolled my index finger to indicate I wanted this over as quickly as possible. He nodded firmly in agreement.
The pungent smell of jasmine hung in the air as we entered a magnificent solarium with windows forming a cathedral arch at their highest point. An extensive, luscious garden with exotic flowers, plants, trees, and shrubs claimed their space up to the rooftop. There was both a wildness and an orderliness to the place, each extreme demanding copious amounts of time and love. And it had been given, abundantly. Settees and lounge chairs were peppered about in various spots providing a peaceful reading oasis. We were led to a cozy nook in the furthest corner, where two love seats were positioned around an unusually designed wooden table.
“Make yourselves comfortable. Refreshments will be coming momentarily,” Rayden smiled.
Zeke and I sat beside one another, our backs to the wall, allowing us a view of anything approaching. On cue, trays of food, tea, and coffee floated toward us then landed softly on the table without so much as a drop of liquid being spilled.
“Please, help yourselves.”
I discreetly eyed Zeke to see if any restrictions were in effect here, like in Scholomance. He poured me a coffee, answering my question, but I didn’t drink it because my headache was getting worse, bringing on waves of nausea.
Rayden, once comfortably seated, observed us for a moment. “I want to start by offering my heartfelt thanks for accepting my invitation. It does much to show your openness to the grave concerns of our realm.”
“Concerns?” I understood Inferna’s reasons for wanting a meeting but wasn’t sure why the Summerlands had any apprehensions.
“Why, yes,” she pressed a hand to her heavily adorned neck. “We know the emergence of an ink mage means a supernatural expulsion is imminent, and we would like to make it known that the Summerlands does not want this entity cast into our realm.”
“Any particular reason why?” Zeke asked. “Inferna got the last one. Maybe it’s time another realm stepped up to the plate.”
“It is precisely because of the difficulties Inferna experienced, and, I may add, are still experiencing, that we hold steadfast to this position. The Summerlands is a quiet and compassionate dimension filled with witches, wizards, and their familiars who have walked on from their earthly plane. It would cause deep disruptions to add an expulsed entity to the delicate souls reposing there.”
“But not all witches and wizards are gentle souls,” I added. “I believe some have been positively evil.” I discreetly rubbed above my eyebrow. The headache had progressed to a migraine that was stealing my ability to focus on anything except the invisible knife stabbing my brain.
“You are indeed correct, Miss Darrows,” Rayden nodded. “But, they have not entered the Summerlands. Some are in Inferna others were reincarnated and returned to earth to start their journey anew.” Her tone changed to one of pleading. “Surely you can imagine the total destruction and mayhem an entity like Lucifer would have caused in our realm? Everything would have been thwarted and twisted into indescribable malevolence. So, I ask, most fervently, from one witch to another that, when the time comes, you will protect our realm from such a horrible fate.”
Sweat formed on my face and neck while saliva pooled in my mouth. “I’m sorry,” I gulped, bolting upright, “do you mind if I use the restroom?”
“Of course not, dear,” Rayden replied with concern. She immediately conjured a shimmering ribbon. “Follow the silver thread. It will lead you to the nearest one.”
Zeke immediately flanked me as I hurried to the bathroom. “Are you going to be sick? Your pallor is really off, Jess.”
“Go away,” I urged, not wanting him to hear, or worse, see me vomit. “Wait with Rayden.” In an instant, I was picked up, cradled to his chest, and rushed to the washroom. He deposited me by the toilet, lifted the lid, grabbed a washcloth and ran it under the cold water. Feeling a retch coming on, I knelt over the bowl, gesturing for him to leave. I may have accidentally added some magic to that and propelled him across the threshold. The door slammed shut in his face right before the lock turned sharply.
“I’ll wait out here then.” Zeke’s barely audible voice spoke lowly through the door. It appeared I’d also dimmed the sound, which was puzzling because for a spell that strong, I’d have needed ink, and I hadn’t brought any with me.
And then the purge began.
After about twenty minutes, I sat on the edge of the bath, pressing the cold compress to my clammy skin. The worst of it seemed to have passed, but I stayed still in case another wave hit. A minuscule trap door in the floor flipped open, and a stern-looking Brownie emerged, carrying a basket overflowing with crystals. She wore a long navy dress with a white pinafore apron. A starched white bonnet perched on her tightly knotted brown hair.
“I’m Nurse McGee. Rayden sent me to check on you,” she announced with a firm tone before setting her basket down.
“Oh…it’s okay, thank you. I just have a migraine that made me sick. It’ll pass.”
“Aye,” she agreed but continued on anyway. “Let’s see what we have here then, shall we.” Extracting a tiny magnifying glass from her pocket, a huge tawny eye peered at me through the lens. “Hmmmm,” she mused with a frown. “How very peculiar.”
“What is it?”
“Sit on the floor, please,” she instructed in a matronly manner. Peering into her basket, she mumbled, “I’ll need all of them.”
The cold ceramic seeped through my light dress as she began placing her many crystals around me, arranging them in a color-coded semi-circle from transparent to dark. The energy in the room shifted, becoming soothing and calming as if a warm sunbeam filled the space.
She laid her tiny hand on my wrist. “You, dearie, are being pulled and tugged in all directions, magically speaking, of course. Every realm rep’s magic is coming at you simultaneously, and it’ll tear you asunder.”
“How is that possible? I don’t know every rep.”
“Aye, but they know the ink mage and want your attention.” She lowered her voice, “our own included, I’m afraid.”
“So what I’m feeling is all the realms trying to reach out to me?”
“Aye,” she replied, exhaling at length. “Right now, the Summerlands magic is pulsating strongest, which is normal given your location and Rayden’s solicitation. The other realms’ filaments feel similar to ours, except one. There’s something downright dark and nasty about it.”
That sounded ominous. “What realm does it come from?”
“I don’t know, and I can’t stop the magical onslaught, but I can lessen its intensity for a while until you return home with your man and deal with the realms.”
Lessening the pain so I could get out of here sounded awesome. “Thanks, that’s very kind of you, Nurse McGee. But, Zeke…well, he’s not my man,” I corrected softly.
“Made a muck of things, has he?” She asked rhetorically. “They’ve a natural talent for it if you ask me. But you pay no mind to whatever he’s done. Look after yourself, love yourself more. That’s all you can do, isn’t it?”
Her words bolstered my resolve to maintain emotional distance from Zeke, which wasn’t easy because he was always around. But I needed to let go of ‘what could’ve been’ and move on.
She pointed to the only remaining stone in her basket, which was large and appeared to be made of white quartz. “You’ll need to hold onto that one when I give you the signal. It’s for that dreadful thread of magic lurking in you,” she explained. “Quimby here might help.”
“Your rocks have names?”
Her expression was one of surprise. “Well, of course they do, dearie, they’re as alive as you and me.”
She raised her palms and began her incantation. The next ten minutes were spent bathed in the combined healing energy of the crystals until the headache had faded, my skin had cooled, and my stomach had settled. I thought about the realms and wondered if Haff would know how to prevent this from happening again.
“Right, take a hold of Quimby now,” she prompted.
I grasped the stone and felt like I’d touched a high-voltage electric fence. The intensity was such that my hand jerked erratically while my jaw clamped down with tension. Nurse McGee appeared shocked and was shouting something, but there was a thunderstorm roaring in my ears. Zeke was banging hard against the door, but I couldn’t conjure up a spell to unlock it. Just as he tore through the wood, a massive bang shook the building, and glass exploded in all directions embedding shards in my clothes and skin.. Zeke was suddenly curling himself on top of me, knocking us flat. He kept me pinned beneath him, sheltering me from crumbling debris.
“Nurse McGee?” I gasped, squirming under him. “Help her.” My entire body hurt. Warm liquid leaked from so many places I was sure I’d been shredded alive.
“No! I’m not leaving you,” Zeke protested breathlessly. “I’ll check her in a moment when it’s safe.” I tried to push him off, but it was like trying to move a bus. “Stop struggling, Jess. You’ll make your injuries worse.”
It was only a minute later when he got up, but it felt like hours. The nurse was already dusting off her clothes and observing the mess.
“Are you alright?” I gushed, getting to my knees. Zeke had quickly brushed most of the rubble to the side. “Are you hurt?”
“Is everyone okay here?” Rayden called as she rushed in, accompanied by several other residents who crowded behind her. “What in the Goddess’ name happened?”
“If I were to guess,” Nurse McGee rubbed a cloth over her face, “I’d say, I somehow triggered a magical bomb.” A barrage of questions was hailed at her, but she raised her palms for calm and said, “I tried to shelter the mage from the countless realms sending her intrusive magic. My advice is to get Jessica back to her home immediately and find out who is trying to harm her.”
“I will get your Jinn,” one of the residents said.
Without another word, Zeke scooped me up and ran toward the door. He didn’t have to set me down to get through the door frame because it had been demolished in the blast.
Outside, Jimmy was before us in an instant. “Hang tight, Peaches, she cried, then disapparated us all into a spinning vortex.
We landed in the studio bedroom. “I ain’t doing this realm visitin’ shit no more,” Jimmy’s voice shook with fear. “Y’all are cut up, your throat’s mangled, and you’s looking like death.” She laid me on the bed and softly wiped the sweat-drenched hair from my forehead.
My head spun wildly. I didn’t appear to be building up any sort of tolerance for jinn travel. “It’s okay, Jimmy,” I consoled hoarsely. “A magical booby trap went off,” I explained. “It’s nothing. I’m fine.”
“Oh yeah?” she choked. “So it’s nothin’?”
“Yeah, sorta,” I frowned, wondering why her eyes were watering up.
 “Then why you shakin’ like a dog tryina shit out prunes, huh?” she admonished, wiping tears from her cheeks. “I’m tired of seein’ y’all injured and ─ ”
“Yaqov,” Zeke consoled, then staggered slightly before collapsing onto the bed beside me. He’d sustained some sort of injury too, but in typical Zeke style, hid it.
“Oh, sweet lawd and all his followers,” Jimmy sobbed before loosening his shirt buttons. “I’m gonna get Jax for you both. I ain’t able for this shit no more.’ I serve food, I serve drinks…I make people happy…”
When Jimmy disappeared, Zeke reached across and rolled me onto my side. He held me to him as warm liquid seeped through several areas of my dress, and down my arms, and legs. His hand loosely circled my wrist, lingering there for a long moment before he tilted my head up and held my gaze for a long moment. “Are you in pain?”
“A bit,” I replied truthfully. “You?”
“I’m okay because you’re here, beside me.” He lifted my wrist to his nose, closing his eyes and inhaling deeply. “I can’t stand this distance.”
Glancing down at the tender way his arms wrapped around me. I felt the desperation in that gesture and his need for contact. Truth be told, I would have loved nothing more than to just bask in his love, which was so messed up given what he did at Scholomance. I guess there was a part of me that just couldn’t shut off what I felt for him. But, I recognized I was feeling vulnerable and still recovering from yesterday’s emotional storm in addition to today’s trauma, so I gently slipped out of his arms.
“Oh, halleujazz,” Jimmy proclaimed, returning with Jax in tow. “Y’all are still conscious!”
“Let’s have a look,” Jax calmly stated while moving toward Zeke.
“No,” he protested in a whisper, “see to Jess. She’s got some bad cuts.”
Looking down at myself, I noticed a lot of bloodied abrasions and open wounds. Most were small, but there were a few deeper ones on my arms. Zeke, I realized, had protected me from the worst of the flying glass. “I’m okay.”
“You‘s far from okay,” Jimmy countered exasperatedly. “You’d better get yourself healed and rested, or your body’s gonna be as useful as a screen door on a submarine.”
“Okay, Jimmy,” I conceded wearily. “But I need to wash first.” My dress was a ruined, shredded mess. Jax seemed to understand and cleared me to take a shower.
“Imma bring you a change of clothes,” Jimmy told me.
“You’re a Goddess,” I replied and blew her a kiss while Jax set to healing the wounds on Zeke’s back.
After showering and donning a bath towel, Jax stitched and patched me up. Wearing a loose t-shirt and joggers, I joined Zeke, Jimmy, Shay, Jonah, Ezra, and Eli in the living room. My wolf whined while sniffing near the countless dressings on my arms. Lightly scratching behind his ears, I reassured him everything was fine, then plucked a strip of crispy bacon from the mounds of food that had been laid out on the table and slipped it to him. With my headache gone and tummy growling, I felt hungry and dug into the buffet with gusto.
“So what happened exactly?” Jimmy asked once everyone had begun eating. “I was outside the Meadowsweet boundary when I felt this massive boom of energy, an’ all I could do was stand there feelin’ as useless as tits on a bull.”
I told them about not feeling well and how Nurse McGee showed up in the bathroom and discovered realm magic was the cause. Everyone listened as I described the ritual, the dark thread of magic she detected, and how everything went south when I grasped the crystal, Quimby.
“I’m hoping Haff can shed some light on what the realms are doing because I do not want to go through that again,” I finished.
“Where do you think the dark magic came from?” Ezra asked, filling his and Eli’s plate for the third time.
“Has to be Inferna,” Shay interjected. “That place’s as dark as it gets.”
“It could be from anywhere,” Zeke countered, and I couldn’t help but wonder if he was defending Essanne. “We should consider them all suspects until we find the guilty party.”
“How many realms are there?” I asked as I knew of only a dozen or so.
“Several hundred,” Zeke provided. “But there could be more.”
A knock sounded at the door. Ezra got up and padded through the workshop, returning with the Londoner in tow.
“Ling? Is everything okay?” I asked.
“I’m afraid the inscriber is not available.”
“Haff?” I exclaimed. “You’re not supposed to take over Ling like that. He’s going to be so mad.”
“Undoubtedly,” Haff replied nonchalantly. “But he ignored me when I said the training must commence now.”
“Okay. But we just got back from a realm meeting.”
Zeke stepped closer to Ling and peered into his eyes. Whatever he saw, he didn’t seem to like. “Who are you, exactly?” he queried none too friendly. “Haff What? From where? What realm?”
“Just Haff,” he tilted his head in greeting. “I exist outside of time and all realms as you know them.”
“You’re an unknown. You don’t get to pop in and out whenever you like. When you’re not in Ling, you need to stay in one of our containment zones. Do you understand?”
“Yes, and I will comply, for I must instruct the mage.” He produced a wisp of ghostly filament and passed it to Zeke. “Your containment device probably won’t be sufficient, but I offer this in good faith. It will hold my spirit in your community until such time as I am ready to return to the Vulcan.”
“Your essence?” Zeke asked with a hint of surprise.
“I sense nothing else will appease your concerns, Opilio.”
Zeke nodded, forming a glass ball around it before handing it to Jimmy. I was certain she was going to place it in the Void – a sort of in-between jinn world – for safekeeping.
“Hang on,” I smiled, “did you really say you’re from Vulcan?”
“Precisely,” he replied.
“Wasn’t that where Spock came from?” 
“Who’s Spock?” Jonah tilted his head. 
“You’ve never heard of the Starship Enterprise? To boldly go where….” I stopped there at the quizzical looks. “Never mind.” 
“Jess needs to rest.” Zeke’s tone brooked no argument. 
“You don’t need to speak for me,” I warned.
He didn’t like being challenged. “One more day won’t make a difference to his schedule.”
The spirit inhabiting Ling did not agree. He fixed me with a stern regard. “Remember, I tried to do this the easy way.”
That didn’t sound good. It made me think big regrets were in my future. I’d enough to handle now without the wrath of Haff. “Fine,” I conceded, “let’s get started.”
“You’re still recovering,” Zeke objected.
Ling-Haff passed a hand over each of my arms, mumbling about an ortosana something. 
To my amazement, ink bubbled up through the exposed cuts and onto the surface of my skin before quickly receding. “Wow! That’s a handy trick.” My arms were blemish-free as if they’d never been injured. “You must teach me that one.”
Haff seemed pleased with my assessment and bowed slightly. “We can make it your first lesson.”
“After she’s done eatin’.” Jimmy pointed to an empty place setting. “Pull up a chair and sit yer butt down. Peaches got something’ to tell you.”
Haff listened attentively as I recounted our visit to both Meadowsweet and Inferna ─ minus the Essanne drama. He didn’t ask questions or interrupt, but when I finished, he paused pensively before speaking. “The nurse’s remedy was effective. However, it won’t protect you for more than a day or two. Any invitation sent from a realm contains very high levels of magic. Because the other realms are aware you already visited two representatives, they have sent similar requests, hoping you will promise that the next entity will not land on their doorstep. Given the number of realms in existence, you are very fortunate to have survived such exposure.”
 “Is there a way I can email or text them to decline these interviews?”
Zeke shook his head. “Realm reps are ancient, and they’re definitely not fans of technology. It’s paper or nothing. And most of the important documents contain their blood.”
Remembering the statement Rathe gave me, I retrieved it from the bedroom and handed it to Haff. “For you, from Ambassador Faust of Inferna.”
Haff unfurled the page, but as his eyes flew across the lines, his expression morphed to one of dismay. “Please tell me you did not agree to any of these ludicrous conditions.”
The realization that I’d made a huge mistake hit me, along with a hefty dose of dread. “Actually, I thought it was a perfectly reasonable request given they took in the last one. I even told them I’d do my best to ensure the entity didn’t end up in Hell.”
Haff shook his head. “It does not work like that, Jessica. The entity must go wherever the coder sends them. And even you won’t know that until the last moments of your task.”
“Well, I don’t want to go back on my word. I feel really sorry for them because Lucifer is still causing havoc down there.”
“He was already doing that in Heaven,” Haff said. “And the Summerlands? Where is their request?”
“They never got around to putting it in writing, but it’s pretty much the same as Inferna’s.”
“Very well,” Haff stated. “Inferna and the Summerlands have knowingly breached realm directives by contacting you directly, thereby exposing you to potentially lethal levels of magic. As master to the ink mage, I will inform them of their transgressions. Following that, I will communicate with the remaining realm representatives and request they immediately desist any further correspondence regarding the entity’s destination.”
“Sounds like a good plan,” Zeke nodded. “How soon before everyone’s advised?”
“End of day tomorrow,” Haff replied. “But this will only hold them off for so long. Jessica will have to deal with them in person at some point, even if it is to reiterate that altering the course of the beast’s final resting place is not possible.” He turned to me, motioning to the workshop, “if you are ready, we may commence your training.”

After everyone quickly tidied up then left, Haff spent the best part of two hours in a trance, just absorbing my ink’s energy. During that time, not a word was spoken. I didn’t mind the tranquility and pulled out my laptop to catch up on custom ink orders placed on the parlour’s website. I also reordered some supplies from different vendors, one of whom was Ivy. I’d tried calling her again, but no luck, so checking on her in person shot straight to the top of the to-do list.
When I noticed Haff milling about, I made two coffees and brought him one. He’d lined up several uncapped bottles of ink on the workbench, smelling, touching, and even tasting the contents of each jar.
“Maybe I should make you a sandwich,” I cajoled.
 “It is most curious. I taste the wildness you mask.” His head tilted, observing me with shrewd eyes. “Hmmmm…very surprising. I don’t think you realize how well you conceal your true power.”
“Not sure what you mean. That’s just my regular ink. I’m not hiding anything.”
“You are right,” he agreed. “You do not hide your power, you incarcerate it. These iron fences you have constructed must be torn down if we are to unshackle all constraints.”
Thinking back to the last few batches of ink I’d created, the remnants of which had seeped under my fingernails led me to do some pretty crazy things, like skinny dipping in the freezing cold ocean. Yeah, maybe he was on to something with that wild abandon trying to peek through.
“Why have you starved your ink like this?” he continued in the same mystified tone. His eyes closed as his palm rose upward. “Sorry, don’t bother answering that. You are obviously unaware of this.”
“Things have been changing concerning my ink, but I’m completely in the dark as to why. When my mage emerged, I thought that was the reason.”
“No, it’s not entirely about your mage. This is about making peace with your gift, owning it. When we dismantle these damaging beliefs, you will be able to connect to your ancestral knowledge, the source of your ink making prowess. Once that bridge is made, and you acquire the wisdom and energy needed, we will see the true potency of your power emerging from darkness into the light.”
“Haff, I’m an orphan, so my ancestral knowledge is zero.”
A frown formed between his eyebrows. “That’s most unfortunate, but what I speak of is already in your DNA. That is what I need to extricate and analyse.”
“You mean take a blood test?” I hoped Ling wasn’t supposed to do it. I mean, he was great at tattooing, but drawing blood….uhm...I had my doubts.
“We’ll mix a little of your blood with some of the ink you’ve already created and see what emerges.”
My lips pressed tightly together with apprehension. “Okay, so what do we start with?”
“A warning label.” He caught my blank expression and smiled. “Any ink crafted during this period of training has the potential to magnify the desired outcome a hundred-fold.” He eyed the label of one bottle in particular. “Circe?”
“Yep.” I certainly wasn’t going to explain that one.
He uncapped it and passed it in front of his nose. “Interesting. This one is less masked. There are traces of an unravelling. It should be bottled in minute quantities and used with extreme caution.”
“Maybe I shouldn’t sell my ink at all?”
“Then you are depriving people of healing their emotional and spiritual wounds.”
“Seriously? Ink can do that?”
“Not any ink, the ink of a great alchemist witch.” Haff pulled up a stool and sat down. “The last mage, who was also an alchemist, trapped the beast, inked a code onto its forehead and cast it into Inferna, yet she was nothing but a slip of a girl.”
“She was?” I asked, unable to hide my surprise that the mage was female. “That was a few thousand years ago. Were you the ink Master back then?”
“One of my brothers was. He instructed her on how to prepare to code the expulsed one. But it was only at the last second, as the tool and ink were hovering above the beast’s head, that she intuitively knew what to tattoo to trap Lucifer.”
“That’s cutting it kind of close, right?” My arms folded as I felt tension building in my gut.
“True, but the code itself is born only when the mage is ready to deliver it.”
“Sounds like giving birth.”
“For the mage, it certainly is deliverance. Only when she has inscribed the symbols is her arduous task finally complete.”
 “What happens before the coding, like just before the entity is ‘cast out’ so to speak?”
 “Good question,” he replied, closing the caps on all the bottles he’d examined, except Circe. “How does one restrain an extremely powerful entity long enough to ink a series of complex runes onto its skin? Not easy, wouldn’t you agree?”
“Sounds impossible.”
“Indeed,” he mused. “So, do you ask it to roll over and play nice? No. You must first immobilise it and force the beast to submit and obey. Once inked, the mage orders it to descend into Inferna ─ or whichever other realm is chosen ─ and only then will the beast follow the command without hesitation.”
“But how would I immobilize such a creature? And do I use the same code on the next entity as the last one?”
“I do not possess those answers. Your intuition will tell you when the time is right.”
My intuition was telling me these details were vague and it reeked of BS. “What’s the point of all of these instructions if you can’t tell me what to do at the most crucial part?”
“It is only the coder who receives that information, I’m afraid. However, I will educate and guide you on how to hone your skills in order to subdue the entity.”
“And what if I fail?” I choked. I was living in dread of having to face such a monumental creature, and this last-second ‘intuition’ spiel was doing nothing to allay the terror assailing me. “Tools and know-how are fine, but they don’t guarantee what the outcome will be.”
Once again, Haff waited a long moment before speaking. In that time an envelope of calm blanketed my body. My heart rate slowed, and my breathing deepened.
“Doubts and fears are a plague on the spirit. They are hard to eradicate once they are given a chance to settle in and take up head-space, but they are weakened by self-compassion and faith in your abilities. When these negative thoughts assail the mind, do not banish them, for they cannot be ignored. Simply acknowledge them as moments of perceived weaknesses and sweep them away as you would a dandelion’s pappus on the wind. Be kind to your spirit, Jessica. Nourish it as you would delicate seedlings in a garden and watch what blooms from self-love and self-care.”
“I’m not a very good gardener,” I mumbled, wicking moisture away from my cheeks.
“But you will learn to become one,” he added kindly before picking up an ink bottle. “Now, let us gather what we need to explore your DNA, shall we?”
“Yeah, okay,” I replied, grateful for Haff’s calming effect on my nerves.
He poured a few drops of Circe ink onto the table, and with the dirty nail of his index finger, magically opened a small cut in the pad of my thumb. As I mentally located the disinfectant, he squeezed below the incision to speed up the fat drops plopping onto the ink. His open palm pressed down on the mess, remaining there for about a minute. When he removed it, the table was completely clean.
“Tomorrow, I will return with the results, and we will go from there. In the meantime, your assignment is to find someone who will train you in combat.”
“I’ll actually need to physically fight the entity?”
“The more well-rounded your education, the better prepared you will be.”
Grabbing a piece of kitchen paper, I held it to stem the dribble of blood. “Do we know where all of this is going to happen? I mean, where was the location of the last coding?”
“That ffffffucking wanker did it again!” Ling spat.
“Oh! Haff’s gone?” I frowned. He’d ended the lesson without so much as a word of goodbye.
“Where the fffuck am I anyway?”
I smiled sheepishly. “Uhmm, you’re in my studio at the back of Ink Spot…where I make my ink.”
“Whoop-de-ffucking-doo.” He checked his watch. “Look at that. I’ve been gone almost three bloody hours when I should’ve been with a client. I thought you said this wasn’t supposed to happen.”
“It isn’t. I’m sorry! I got delayed in a realm meeting, and Haff just showed up here saying it was time to train.”
He rolled his eyes, pulled his phone from his pocket, and turned away as he spoke. “Yeah, T-dog, man. I got delayed. I’ll reschedule, yeah? This week. Right mate, cheers.”
“Hey Ling, what’s it like being an Inscriber?” I asked after he’d hung up.
His expression turned stony. “That’s none of your business. And don’t ever bring it up again. We clear?”
“Sorry, my bad. Didn’t mean to pry.” Some Otherworlders did not want to discuss their non-human side. “Come on,” I chimed, grabbing my bag, jacket, and truck keys. “Let me buy you dinner. There’s a greasy spoon diner off Exit 90. They have the best homemade burgers.”
“Yeah, alright,” he grumbled.

The following morning I awoke feeling like I’d barely slept an hour. I must’ve been tossing and turning all night long. Once I’d showered and dressed, I had breakfast with Eli and Ezra. They brought up to speed with what was happening within the pack. According to Ezra, the Storm Band, totally vibed with Eli, even the alpha was won over by the wolf’s disposition. And Eli, well, he appeared to be thriving. He’d even bulked up a little from all the physical activity.
“If things continue as they are,” Ezra grinned between mouthfuls of bacon, “I can’t see the pack wanting Eli to leave.” My wolf seconded that statement by raising a paw in his guardian’s direction for a paw-bump.
“You’ve certainly made a great first impression.” Eli’s bond with Ezra was already strong, far stronger than what I could ever have built with him. Shifters naturally gravitated towards their own kind. That said, for the Storm Band to already feel an attachment toward an unknown wolf was highly unusual. Packs were a complex tight-knit unit, and admittance, even for the most optimal candidates, could be difficult. But for a lone, half-shifter with a transmutation disability, the odds were near impossible. The only element making me feel cautiously optimistic for Eli was the community itself. The Yards was made up of misfits, and they either loved you or hated you. Hopefully, it was the former for my wolf. “So, what’s the plan for the full moon? It’s the end of next week, right?”
If Ezra or Eli thought this was a touchy subject, it certainly didn’t show. “I’m glad you mentioned it. Eli and I talked it over and ─”
“Wait? Eli spoke to you?” My eyebrows rose to my hairline.
“It happened briefly last night. In our wolf form, communication is possible if we’re from the same pack or the link is strong. Eli isn’t technically a pack member, but our bond is growing, and last night was proof of that.”
“Go Eli,” I cheered softly. “I’m so happy you were finally heard.” Eli nudged his head into my palm. “Is it okay to ask what he said, or is that private?”
A look passed between wolf and guardian before Ezra nodded. I loved the way he respected Eli’s wishes and looked out for him above everything else.
“He says he doesn’t like that you’re so sad. That he’d love some rawhide to chew on, and he’ll need to be by a lake at the full moon.”
Heat rushed to my cheeks as I shot Eli a look of astonishment. How did he know? My pity party had been a solo occurrence, and I was certain nobody saw me. “I’ll put rawhide on the list.”
“He could smell your tears on the tissues in the waste-paper basket,” Ezra offered lowly, “or the salt in them. It carries your unique scent.” Eli whined in agreement.
“I’m fine, sweet wolf.” I planted a quick kiss on his head. “Now, where’s the nearest lake from here?”
Ezra explained that his remote cabin was located on the shore of a large lake and should accommodate Eli’s needs. However, because Ezra and his entire pack would be in wolf form for the three days and Eli would be in human form, he suggested I remain on-site at all times. When I asked if my being alone with Eli was allowed, he just smiled and said it was all good.
“In the meantime, I’ll get some clothes for you, Eli. I imagine after the change, you won’t want to be sky-clad,” I added teasingly. The wolf responded by covering his eyes with his paws. “And if you think of anything else you might need, let Ezra know, and I’ll have it ready.”
We finished eating in companionable silence, and once we’d cleaned up, both wolves retreated to their respective rooms as they’d been running all night. I checked my phone and saw several texts. One was from Ling, saying Haff ‘came through’ to cancel today’s session as more research was needed on my DNA tests. The second message was from Semyon, who wanted to make a trade in lieu of the favour I’d ‘botched.’ He proposed I accompany him to the queen’s function next Thursday. It was a semi-formal affair starting at 6 p.m. He included the address and said we would meet at the entrance. The third text was from Zeke, asking if I’d recovered from yesterday’s incident. I sent a brief response to Ling and Zeke then deleted Semyon’s message.
With my day unexpectedly freed up, I decided to check on my elusive friend, Ivy. Before leaving, I called her one more time. Not surprisingly, it went to voice mail. “Ivy, I’m beyond worried for you, the baby, and Paul. I’m coming over right now for a wellness check.”

On the drive over, I rang Jimmy for a chat and put her on speakerphone. “Hey, Gawguss! Are you up for cocktails tonight at my place?” I laughed. “I figure I have one last free night before Haff cranks up the training level and there’s no time for some fun.”
“Peaches, you ain’t heard?” Her tone immediately signalled something was wrong. “Four more Fae have gone missing.”
“Oh no,” I groaned. “That’s terrible!”
“I know. Makes no sense whatsoever. Anyway, I’m helping Zeke with the logistics of visiting the families of those who disappeared. Some of them live on the boundary limit, so it’s a ways off.”
“They weren’t in Fern View square like the others?”
“No, they were all fishermen, cleaning up their catch right here in the bay’s docking area. Their families reported that none of them came home, so Shay and Jonah drove down there to check it out. They said the place was deserted. Like they just dropped whatever they were doing and vanished.”
“What can I do to help?”
“Nothing for the moment. Where you at? Sounds like you’re in traffic.”
I told her how Ivy and her familiar, Paul, had gone AWOL for the past few weeks. “She’s in a really strict coven that keeps close tabs on her. Plus, there’s the mysterious baby-daddy she doesn’t want to tell anybody about. That combo isn’t giving me the warm and fuzzies. It’s just so not like her to lose touch. She runs a successful business and hasn’t been answering calls to that number. I even placed several online orders for her products, and they’re all unprocessed. It’s not normal.”
“Hang on, Peaches. A text just came in. We’re going back to the dockside. Keep me updated, and be careful!”

Later, when I was stood in front of Ivy’s place, my sense of dread skyrocketed. The wards around her house were gone, completely torn down. They’d been built from really strong protection spells, and anyone who tried to pass her garden gate without her consent found themselves mired in a murky green fog we’d aptly named Pea Soup. Right now the entire perimeter was wide open, like someone just came in and obliterated her magical defences.
While hollering her name, I dashed inside the house to find debris strewn all over the hallway. Framed photographs were smashed to bits and the entryway bench was lodged in the opposite wall. I sprinted upstairs and found a similar mess. The contents of Ivy’s entire wardrobe were in a shredded pile on the bed. A pale blue bag filled with items an expectant mother would bring to the hospital lay on its side. I needed to figure out what happened here and where they went. Only a spell could point me in the right direction.
Downstairs on the floor in the hallway was a scarf Ivy wore regularly. I snagged it, shook off the broken glass, pulled a bag of powdered ink from my pocket, and coated the fabric while conjuring a connection spell. A loud hissing sound came from behind me, followed by a massive pop. That’s when I heard a voice murmuring from somewhere in the backyard. I bolted toward the sounds of my friend crying and her wolf familiar, Paul whining in distress.

Three hours later, I was sitting in the waiting area adjacent to the operating room at The Yards’ hospital, wondering if my friend was going to make it. I’d found Ivy hiding in the storm cellar with Paul guarding her as the scent of blood permeated the place. She was lying on a makeshift mattress, crying in pain, burning up with a fever, and was deathly white. Her arm lay limply around a swaddled child that, while healthy, did not appear to be a newborn. If anything, it looked at least three months old. Ivy had been afraid she wouldn’t be able to accommodate the baby in natural childbirth, but I’d dismissed her concerns, believing them to be pre-labour jitters. When I’d lifted the covers ─ with her permission ─ and saw her ravaged body, it took everything in me not to weep for my friend.
Paul had been reluctant to shift to human form and help me take them to the hospital, but I couldn’t lift Ivy by myself. After he shook off his wolf appearance, he explained that their high priestess discovered Ivy broke the golden rule by creating life outside the coven. The baby’s existence weakened their collective power and had to be ‘removed’. Paul said they’d seen the priestess dole out punishments on rule-breakers before, but nothing like what followed next.
She physically assaulted Ivy. Paul leaped in to defend her, forcing the priestess to retreat. Paul and Ivy took all the protection magic in the surrounding wards and transferred it to the storm cellar, then hid their presence behind another potent spell. When the priestess returned with the coven guards in tow, they assumed Ivy and Paul had run away. The stress from the ordeal triggered Ivy’s labour and she gave birth in the dank cellar. She’d been bleeding for two days straight. Paul had kept her alive by giving her his healing magic, but the damage was beyond his ability to sustain life for an extended period.
“Jess?” Jax called as he approached. “Good news. She’s in recovery.”
“Oh, thank the Goddess!!” I exclaimed with relief, and hugged him.
“She’s a fighter,” he said, patting my shoulder, then stepped back and explained about her condition. “We’ve given her a full transfusion and magically sutured and reconstructed the area, so there’s no trace of the traumatic birth. She will be quite weak for a few days, but I expect her to make a full recovery. She’s lucky you found her when you did because she wouldn’t have lasted another day.”
“I had no idea, Jax. I should’ve gone to see her sooner, but I let myself believe she was an exhausted new mom who wanted peace and quiet.”
“You got there in time. That’s what counts,” Jax offered kindly.
“Is Paul okay?”
“He’s suffering from extreme exhaustion but won’t leave her side. I suspect he drained himself trying to feed her his magic. He’ll rest once he feels Ivy and the baby are safe and protected.”
“I’ll stay with them and let him try to sleep a little if that’s okay.”
“Sure. We’ll just admit them to the post-op unit. The nurse will come find you when they’re all set up.”
“Thank you, Jax. Thank you so much.” He gave me a warm smile and left.
It was almost another two hours later when I was allowed to see Ivy. I peered into the room and found her looking fondly albeit groggily at her little girl swaddled in a cot by her bedside. Paul sat close by, watching them intently, although he could barely keep his paws from sliding to the floor.
I knocked gently and entered. “Hey sweet mama,” I whispered.
“Jess?” Ivy’s frowned in confusion before her eyes widened with fear. “No, I can’t be found. Nobody must know I’m here,” she choked a whisper. “The baby….I can’t -”
“Hey,” I soothed, “It’s okay. You’re in The Yards and safe. Nobody in that crazy coven will be bothering you, the baby, or Paul. I’ll personally escort them to the gates of Hell if they try.”
“No, I don’t mean the coven. That priestess is a weak, power-hungry excuse for a witch. I meant the father. He’ll take my little girl if he finds her.”
“He’s that bad?” She nodded and wiped big tears off her cheeks. “Ivy, I need to know who we’re up against here. I can’t protect you if I don’t know my enemy.”
She looked fearful but beckoned me closer and whispered his name in my ear. She didn’t see my eyes pop open in surprise or my teeth bite my lower lip with concern.
“Kace Slade? Of The Raiders?”
The Raiders were a ruthless biker gang of wolf shifters known to offer their lands as a dumping ground for murdered bodies; mostly female. I’d been in their territory once to pinpoint evidence of remains being disposed as I'd 'witnessed' the event while under the influence of a truth-questing serum. Once we’d located the mass grave, Zeke had Jimmy disapparate me from the site as the Raiders approached. An unmated female on their turf meant they could claim her as theirs. Rumour had it they treated their vermin better than their women. If Slade found out Ivy had his kid, he’d claim both as his property. Even if Ivy refused him, by law, he could still confiscate the baby because of his alpha status. Ivy’s distress was warranted. In Slade’s pack, her little girl would be considered something disposable. Shared custody would never be an option.
The baby started fussing a little, so I carefully lifted her from the crib and nestled her into the crux of my arm. Paul was still sitting near them both, ever watchful of his witch. “You’ll keel over, Paul, if you don’t get some rest. I’ll be here, I promise.” He simply gave a long exhale.
“I don’t even know your name,” I whispered as I covered the newborn with an extra blanket.
“There’s no name, yet, just, Baby.” Ivy yawned silently, then slowly sat up and strategically placed two pillows under her chest before loosening the front of her gown.
“Because you’d only boys names picked out?” Gently placing the child in her arms, I put another pillow under her elbow as she helped the infant latch on to her ample breast.
Ivy shook her head. “No, I’d heard of a superstition where, if an alpha wolf hears his child’s name on the wind, without even knowing of its existence, he’ll be drawn to the kid. I was terrified there was some truth to it, so I haven’t said her name.” She swiped moisture away from her cheeks again. “Long term, I’ll need to find a solution, but short term, Baby will do for now.”
“There’s loads of time,” I soothed. “And you know what, nobody will put your ‘Baby’ in a corner,” I giggled, hoping to lighten her heavy heart.
She caught the Dirty Dancing reference and smiled weakly. “Baby’s real name was Francis.”
“True. But, I think Baby would totally work.” I could tell my friend was emotionally fragile and had been through the mill. I didn’t want to press her for details on how she ended up with Slade, but the question of consent crossed my mind. “Can I get you anything?”
“Jess, you’ve done so much already. I can never repay you.”
“Hey, that’s not how things work between us. We’re friends. We’re there for each other through thick and thin.” Ivy would never admit it, but when the state Magistrar fined me an exorbitant sum for my alleged involvement in Bossman’s death, she was the one who spiked his tea and turned his skin green in retaliation.
“Honestly,” she sighed dejectedly, “I wish I’d never met him.”
“So, how did that happen? I wouldn’t have thought he was your type.” Not that I knew him. I couldn’t even describe the guy, but his occupation and reputation preceded him.
She eyed Paul, who, with a low growl, moved to the door. I stood to let him out, and he padded away to take up position outside. I put a rubber wedge between the door and the frame, so he could come back in when he wanted.
 “Paul feels guilty because he wasn’t with me that night. He thinks, if he’d been there, things would’ve turned out differently.”
“How?”
“I wouldn’t have been so stupid,” she sobbed.
“You are not, nor ever have been stupid, Ivy Fox. You are an incredibly smart, kind, and kick-ass woman.”
Ivy shook her head in disbelief. “Well, none of those qualities were present that night.”
“Did he hurt you?” I could feel my inner mage stirring with indignation for any harm inflicted on my friend.
“I’d been delivering a large custom order for enhanced potions to a new nightclub in Bordertown. They’d wanted aphrodisiac shots, a promotion to add to their alcohol as part of opening night.”
Bordertown was as crime-infested as Fern View Square. Going there alone even during the day was risky, but going at night was ludicrous. I could understand why Paul was upset.
“Anyway,” Ivy continued, “I arrived at the address and parked around the back. While wheeling my crates inside, the security guard said the owner wanted to talk to me. I wasn’t getting a good vibe from the place but needed to be paid, so I agreed. He escorted me to an office on the second floor, introduced me to Slade, and left.”
“Slade was the owner?” I interrupted.
“Yeah,” she grumbled, then burped the baby before switching her to the other breast. “Long story short, he wanted to test my potions before selling them. It was a reasonable request, so I gave him two. He knocked them back but said he wasn’t feeling any effect. I suggested he wait a little longer. The man must’ve been as big as your Zeke. Anyway, we chatted a bit. Then he asked if I would drink one, which I did. He drank two more, and next thing, we’re tearing each other’s clothes off.” Her lips curved into a contained smile, “admittedly, those potions were dynamite because ….well, it was exceptionally good sex. When we were done, I quickly got dressed and left. Four weeks later, I realized my birth control had failed, and I was pregnant.”
“So, did he ever try to contact you after that?”
“Incessantly. But, by then I’d learned the truth about him and became afraid for my baby. I cast an elimination spell where anything to do with me was erased. Things became quiet after that, but I had this constant worry he’d find out. Plus, I was scared about how my coven would react. I thought I was in the clear until the priestess had a vision that the baby wasn’t coven-chosen. You already know she went crazy, attacked us and the stress brought on my labour after Paul and I went to the storm cellar. A couple of hours later, it became obvious the baby was going to be way bigger than average. Still, I was too afraid to ask for help and risk facing the priestess or being found by Slade. So, I stayed and put both of us at risk,” she choked.
“I can’t imagine the pain you went through.”
“I passed out several times. Paul shifted to human form and helped deliver her, but you know he can’t hold off his wolf for long and his magic couldn’t repair all the tissue damage, But he kept me alive and I love him for it.”
Just then, Paul came back and sat close to the cot. “You were great, Paul,” I praised lowly. “You saved your witches.” He huffed in disagreement but seemed a little less tense.
“I’m ashamed to say,” Ivy sniffled, “that when I first found out I was expecting, I considered terminating, but that lasted for all of a few minutes. I could never have gone through with it. I already loved the life growing within me and figured I’d weather whatever storm came my way. I didn’t think it’d be a tsunami.”
“You’ve been through so much, Ivy. I wish I could have helped you more through the pregnancy.”
She chortled softly. “Jess, you were in jail half the time.”
We laughed in hushed giggles. “Tell me, did you like Slade? Would you have wanted to see him again?”
Her wistful regard answered that question, but she denied any feelings for him. “We’d connected, but it was chemically induced, so that doesn’t count. Plus, there’s the whole notorious biker gang aspect, so, no. Not a chance.”
She yawned widely then handed me the baby as she righted herself. After a loud burp accompanied by a dollop of spew, which coated my shoulder, I wiped her little mouth and placed her in the cot. “I’m going to head out and get you toiletries, pj’s, onesies, and things you’ll need for the next few days.”
Her wolf resumed an alert position, obviously feeling the need to guard Ivy. “Relax, Paul. It’s alright. I’ll have someone come and watch over you, okay?” He didn’t change his stance, so I stepped outside and called a number Zeke had programmed into my phone. Twenty minutes later, a slightly confused Choops showed up to act as a security guard. I briefly explained the family needed guarding and to not let anyone in no matter what. Choops may have assumed Zeke had requested his presence, but I’d smooth things over if an issue arose. When Ivy and Paul had met Choops and felt relatively safe, I headed for the door.
“Thanks for everything, Jess,” Ivy said. “You’ve even helped give me a magically repaired v-jay-jay. Would Hallmark have a card for that?”
I left the room laughing.
Chapter 6

Getting all I needed for Ivy and the baby was easy, getting chewed out by one of the townsfolk – not so easy. According to an elderly eagle shifter, I was responsible for the disappearances of the Fae because everything was fine until I showed up. Despite feeling frustrated in the face of his fiery accusations, I’d remained calm and assured him I was not involved, but he wouldn’t listen. Onlookers gathered around us and quickly began voicing their agreement with the man. Knowing a consensus on my guilt would soon be reached, I walked through the crowd, ignoring the hostile glares, and headed back to the hospital.
As I approached Ivy’s room, I noticed Choops was not guarding the door. He’d better have just gone for a quick toilet break and not abandoned his post because right now, my patience was as thin as a square of school toilet paper. I took a deep calming breath, then slipped inside the room to find Ivy sleeping soundly; Paul was on a cushion, curled up in a ball, snoring softly, and Baby was being rocked gently in Zeke’s arms. He was smiling down at her, telling her she was beautiful, she was loved, and she was safe. My heart skipped several beats at the heavenly portrait before me. At that moment, I saw the very core of the shepherd, full of light and pure unconditional love emanated from him toward the innocent, rejected, and helpless. Ivy and her family were not part of his flock, but that did not make him indifferent to their plight. If anything, I’d say he’d just adopted a sheep, a lamb, and a wolf. His eyes met mine briefly, his expression unreadable. He carefully returned Baby to the cot, caressed her head, and covered her while I placed the bags on a small table.
Stepping out of the room, I saw a young girl leaning against the wall. She seemed familiar, but I couldn’t quite recall why. Tall, lithe, and in her late teens, she wore an oversized hoody and jeans. Her smile was warm, and before I knew it, she’d pulled me in for a hug while telling me it was so good to see me again. My eyes shot to Zeke for help as I hugged her back.
“Prue, I appreciate you coming on such short notice,” he smiled. “Tell Willa, thanks for sparing you for the day.”
Of course! She was Willa’s daughter and helped run a small daycare that Willa managed while also running her seed and herb store. Just as I wondered how she could protect my friend from a Raider wolf, should one pop up, Zeke explained, “Prue studies and trains at night in our enforcer program. She will qualify later this month,” he stated proudly.
She smiled shyly, “only if I pass the final test.”
“You’ll pass,” Zeke attested. “I’ve no training equipment left. Your tiger has demolished it all.”
A few minutes later, as Zeke and I exited the building, he casually inquired as to why I’d called Choops and not him. But his laid-back tone didn’t match his intense gaze, telling me an ulterior motive was lurking behind the question. I explained that on the pre-programmed device he’d provided me, Choops was listed under ‘Back-up,’ so contacting the Opilio, who was dealing with missing community members instead of a trusted security guard, didn’t seem logical. 
The corner of his lip tugged upward. “I was really surprised that Choops responded to your request without even checking with his supervisor first or anyone else for that matter.”
I glanced away, having nothing to say about that. It was inconceivable that one of his men would follow a direct order from me. Maybe Choops thought I’d give him better ink if he helped me out? Not that I’d ever do such a thing, but I wasn’t going to offer any input into this situation because, what the hell did I know.
Zeke took a step closer, ensuring he had my full attention. “Choops is a wolf shifter. He recognizes hierarchy and everyone’s place in the pack. So when you asked him to do something, he didn’t consult with anyone else. He just acted on your call. When I told him it was okay to leave his post, he was reluctant to go until he’d ‘cleared’ it with you first.”
“That’s only because I warned him not to leave them unprotected, no matter what.” Maybe I’d come across as threatening?
“The only reason he would do such a thing is because his wolf recognizes you as my mate.”
We were back to this again, really? My eyes dropped to the ground for a moment because I didn’t want him to see how much it hurt that he continued with this notion. To change the subject, I brought him up to speed on the baby-daddy’s identity. 
He seemed just as astonished as I’d been. “Kace Slade is bad news.”
“My sentiments exactly. When she’s discharged, I’ll find a place where she can lay low. I was thinking of asking Lyre, the librarian. The upper floor of her duplex is vacant, plus her magic’s really strong. She’d be the best option. If not, then I’ll cast as powerful a spell as I can to ensure Slade never finds her.”
“Jess?” Zeke’s tone was low, “do not go interfering with Raiders’ business. You don’t want to bring them down on us.”
His warning irked me. I’d never drag Zeke and his community into a war with the bikers. “It wouldn’t involve us. It’d be just me.”
His eyelids narrowed. “You live here. Whatever you do involves both of us and the entire community.”
“Zeke, there is no us. There is no community, there never has been. People here treated me like a pariah when Katy was in Warper mode, and they’re still treating me like one now because they think I’m responsible for the missing Fae. If Id any choice in the matter, I’d have left right after returning from Inferna, but I won’t risk losing my wolf. So, whatever ideas you have about me being your mate and living here in some happily-ever-after, drop them because it’ll never happen. You chose Essanne, so just go back to her and leave me alone.”
I turned away and walked back to the studio.

The following morning the delicious aroma of freshly brewed coffee and baked bread roused me from another restless sleep. In truth, I felt like I’d been running scared all night, but couldn’t recall why. Groggily, I reached for my phone and checked my messages. Dr. Nella’s office sent a message confirming my amnesia evaluation for tomorrow at 8 a.m. I clicked on the ‘confirm this meeting’ option and scrolled to the next text. An unhappy Ling wrote; Haff. Your Studio. 9. a.m. I chuckled and responded with a sparkling gif of appreciation, which he’d totally hate. The last SMS was a group text from Zeke asking us all to meet at the office above Jimmy’s bar for a working supper. He had some important issues to discuss. Everyone had already replied they’d be there. I held off on responding then threw off the covers to start my day.

“Inconclusive. What does that mean?” I searched Haff’s eyes for an answer, but he looked away, fidgeting nervously, which I took to be a really bad sign.
“I can confirm from the DNA analysis that you are not a descendant of the previous mage. However, you have an extremely strong witch and wizard heritage originating from your parents. It makes up about ninety percent of your genetic profile.”
“Okay, and the remaining ten percent?”
“I’m still analysing that. It’s quite fascinating, you know. I compared it to the organic molecules of every known Otherworlder and cannot identify it. Perhaps it’s an extinct species. Anyway, we’ll keep looking, but for now the analysis in incomplete.”
“If I understand correctly, I’m made up of regular cells, plus I’ve got these other unidentified cells, is that it?”
“Correct, my dear.”
“Which side does this ten percent originate from?”
“Another mystery, I’m afraid. It’s entwined in the matrilineal sequencing or the mother-line, but it’s not full mitochondrial, which is contradictory, in a sense. But I’m afraid that is as far as I’ve gotten in my research.”
“Should I be worried I’ll turn into a hulk of some kind?” I’d recently displayed puzzling ‘don’t make me angry. You wouldn’t like me when I’m angry,’ tendencies. This added gene thingy could explain a lot.
“Nonsense,” he smiled reassuringly. “This changes nothing in regards to you or your education. This is simply about determining your magical abilities in order to understand where your boundaries lie. So, until we have more information, we’ll work on establishing communication with your inner mage to deepen understanding of the symbiosis.”


“Aunty Jess is a mutant, yes she is, yes she is,” I cooed at Ivy’s little girl as I carefully lifted her from the cot. I caught my friend’s confused expression and shook my head. “Girlfriend, I have so much to tell you. Luckily, Haff gave me an extended lunch hour.”
“Who’s Haff?”
Pulling the chair closer to her bedside, I was happy to see her pallor was so much better. “Let me give you the cliff notes version.” Cradling her baby to me, I recounted the main highlights of becoming a mage and receiving Ling’s help via Haff to improve my ink-making skills. I omitted Katy’s involvement, the realm reps, and how the end goal was to code an entity like Lucifer. I’d eventually share those details with her, but only when she had fully recovered.
To finish on a lighter note, I chuckled and said, “Haff’s just discovered I’ve freaky genes.”
Ivy was silent for a long moment, her frown deep. She suddenly seemed fatigued, and I worried I’d over-burdened her with my spiel. “Jess, I’m not sure I fully understood all of that, but I know you’ll do stellar work as a mage. You’re so strong and smart. You don’t make stupid mistakes, like having sex with a complete stranger and ending up on the run from him.”
Uh, oh. I carefully returned Baby to the cot then took my friend’s hands in mine. “Ivy Fox, you did not make a stupid mistake. The universe gave you a beautiful gift. And it’s not your fault the father was a bad boy. You did nothing wrong. How could you, when you’re such an incredibly savvy, grounded, beautiful woman. Aaaaaand, despite all the challenges you’ve been through in the last forty-eight hours, you’re already improving in leaps and bounds. You’re a trooper. Never question your worth based on someone else’s actions. Now,” I picked up the quaint boutique bag I’d brought with me, “I’ve got a little something for you both.”
She smiled before pulling out a small stuffed teddy bear with Baby embroidered on the front. It was made from Fae material that was so soft there was no earthly comparison. “Her first toy! It’s gorgeous, and she’ll just love it,” Ivy whispered, then started bawling, crying. “Damn hormones,” she sniffled, wicking moisture from her cheeks.
Grabbing a box of tissues, I climbed on the bed and hugged her tight until the storm passed. Tugging the bag toward me, I pulled out her favourite candy. “A Fizzer a day keeps the tears away. The prescription says to take as needed until the entire course is finished.”
She unwrapped one immediately. “Oh, this will hit the dopamine spot, I’m sure of it.”
“That’s not all.” I showed her a travel mug with a hand-crafted design on the front. It was ordinary enough, but then I stage-whispered the invocation ‘Reveal,’ and a message magically appeared, replacing the original design with ‘I’ve a magically restored v-jay-jay.’
Ivy burst into a fit of laughter, and relief that I hadn’t made a complete mess of the visit, washed over me. “Conceal,” I uttered, and the message disappeared. She hugged me tight, and we chatted away until it was time for me to leave. “Text me if you need anything at all, and I’ll swing by.”
“Bye, Jess. You’re an angel.”
“A mutant,” I corrected with a giggle.
“A mutant-angel? Oh, a mutgel, then,” she called out cheerily.
I was still grinning as I returned to the studio.

Later that evening, when I entered the office area above Jimmy’s bar, Shay and Jonah were each carrying a stack of pizza boxes to the conference room. After leaving Ivy, I’d texted the group to say I’d attend, but when I asked what the meeting was about, nobody seemed to know.
“Peaches!” Jimmy called from one end of the extensive table. “Get your skinny ass over here. You’s sitting beside me.”
I made a beeline to my bestie jinn and pulled a chair close to hers.
Shay and Jonah placed copious amounts of food and beverages in the centre of the table, along with paper plates, napkins and paper cups. Zeke hadn’t arrived yet.
“Hey Jimmy,” I said in a low conspiratorial tone, “you free tonight?”
“Yeah, Jax is covering for someone who couldn’t make his shift. Why? What you got in mind?”
“Cocktails after we’re done here? My treat.”
“Alright,” Jimmy shimmied happily. “Gurllllll, we’re gonna have us some fun. And we’re not going to the bar. I got somewhere new to show you.”
“Bring it on,” I shimmied back, and she laughed heartily. Kicking back with Jimmy was exactly what I needed right now.
Just then, Zeke entered, greeted us all, and thanked us for taking the time to be here. I didn’t miss how his eyes lingered on mine before settling into his chair. He didn’t get right down to business, preferring for everyone to eat and take time to catch up on the small things. After we’d all eaten our fill and the table was cleared, he unfurled a large map of the entire Bayside territory, including The Yards and Fern View square.
“These,” he said, pointing to several red dots clustered in certain areas, “are where each Fae went missing.” He pulled down a large whiteboard behind him, showing dates, times, location, names, and Fae type. “This is everything we have on their position at the time of their disappearance.” He pushed his hands deep in his pockets. “All, except for the first two who vanished outside Snake Bite, were right here going about their regular daily activities. Shay and Jonah haven’t picked up any unusual scents, and our cameras showed them all reacting in the same way as the Sheevra – first with surprise, then fear before they try to bolt. And, just like last time, the camera feed cuts out, and we lose sight of them. Another commonality is all the disappearances happened at night. This isn’t a random act. Someone has carefully planned and timed these abductions. I’ve no idea who or what their motive is, but until we can catch who’s involved, I’m implementing Code Level Two for all Fae.”
This news seemed to elicit a mix of surprise and tension around the table. “They ain’t gonna be happy about no level two,” Jimmy chimed in.
“It’s for their own protection,” Shay responded, always in agreement with his boss. “What are we supposed to do, sit around and just watch our Fae population get wiped out?”
“Jonah,” Zeke continued, “have the Fae deputies solidify the wards of all their people’s dwellings and ensure everyone knows the location of the emergency bunker.
“Will do,” the enforcer replied.
“Jimmy, contact Jax, have him authorize the lab to maximize their healing spell output for all intensity levels. I’m expecting some retaliation from whoever is doing this.”
“You got it,” she confirmed. “What about the rest of the population?”
“I’ll put the community on general alert. Everyone will see a new dermis password ignited over their crests. I’ll include those currently outside the territory so they can return home safely. Anyone who isn’t crested cannot enter nor remain here. The only exceptions are Eli, Ivy, Paul, and the baby.” To me, he said, “Jess, I’ll need you to do two things. First, tell Eli that until further notice, he stays with Ezra and the Storm Band 24/7. Plus, they’ll both go on full-time gate duty starting tonight. Second, when Ivy is discharged, I’ll temporarily assign them a house next to Willa’s place, but please ensure she understands that leaving the area is not permitted under any circumstances. Once she agrees to the conditions and signs the paperwork, I’ll provide a provisional pass.”
“Okay. I’ll call her right after the meeting.”
“Shay, alert the Kelpies in the bay. Tell them to maximize their patrols and keep all unauthorized creatures and vessels out of our waters.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Any questions?”
“Who’s got it in for the Fae?” Jimmy inquired. “There hasn’t been an ounce of trouble since they got here.”
“Weren’t they originally from here?” The Fae were ancient, so I’d assumed they dwelled on the land before the town was built.
“Peaches, they’re all refugees who came over from Faerie a very long time ago. Things were bad there, and they jumped at the opportunity to leave.”
“How did that come about? The opportunity, I mean.”
An uncomfortable silence fell around the room. Nobody said anything, but furtive glances were directed at Zeke as if they were waiting for him to explain. He didn’t, and judging from his expression, he wasn’t going to either, which was fine by me. I didn’t need to be privy to The Yards’ history. Instead, I asked, “If the entire community is shutting down to outsiders, won’t that attract a lot of local media attention?”
“We have a long list of excuses from sewer breakages to residents-only festivals or private events,” Zeke responded. “The various media platforms buy into the ruse because it’s such a rare occurrence.”
Jimmy chuckled. “We decorate the place with banners, balloons, and even get folks to go dancin’ in the street. Works like a charm.”
“Alright then, if there are no more questions, let’s call it a night,” Zeke announced. “Keep me updated on anything you see or hear that may help us get our Fae back.” Shay and Jonah immediately began picking up the empty pizza boxes and carrying them out to the trash.
Jimmy linked my arm as we walked downstairs to the bar and headed for the exit. “I swear we’re cursed by the ‘cocktail gods ‘cause every time we try and arrange somethin,’ shit hits the fan.” Leaning in, she air kissed my cheeks and said we’d text later.

Eli and Ezra weren’t at the studio, but I’d a hunch the pack already told them they were on guard duty as of tonight, so I headed to the boundary in my truck. On the short drive over, I phoned Ivy to check in on her. When she said she was feeling better and expected to be discharged in two days, I told her about Zeke’s offer. She was really happy to get to stay in The Yards and eagerly agreed to sign the paperwork and adhere to the rules. I told her Willa Karr was a wild and wonderful grandma who ran her own business on the outskirts of town. And Ivy –potion maker extraordinaire – would surely find inspiration for new potions with the unusual ingredients housed in Willa’s Wild Seeds store.
The entrance to The Yards was teeming with security guards, all wolf shifters from the Storm Band pack. Maybe a SWAT team better described the sentries who were armed to the teeth – no pun intended. Zeke was further off to the side near the kiosk, chatting with a few men. I parked the truck and tried to see if I could spot my wolf.
“Looking for Eli?” a familiar voice asked.
“Hi, Choops. Yeah, is he around here somewhere?”
“He’s at the soft boundary, just beyond the gate. It’s where we usually send the cadets ‘cause it’s not dangerous, more of a look-out position. And Ezra’s with him all the time, so if something does come up, he’s well protected.”
“Okay, thanks. I need to see him, but it won’t take long. By the way, I got your designs ready. I’ll make you some great ink soon.”
“You rock!” he beamed, holding up a pinkie, thumb, and index finger,
Breaking into a slow jog, I headed to the main gate. The alpha had communicated over their radios to the line of men and women standing guard that I was permitted to pass and see Eli. Glancing over my shoulder, I saw Zeke was walking in my direction, all the while engaged in conversation with the Storm pack alpha and Jimmy, who’d just arrived. The so-called ‘soft boundary’ was invisible, at least to my eyes. There were just the usual tall verdant bushes on either side of a wide stretch of road covered in black-top.
“Eli?” I whispered to nothing in particular. “Got a sec?” Slinking stealthily from the thicket was my wolf. It was unusual not to see him bounding about happily, but I realized he was on duty and taking his role very seriously.
“Aren’t you looking all professional,” I cooed lowly while crouching down. I had to stop myself from fluffing his ears, or it would probably embarrass him. No doubt other pack members were watching. His head nudged my hand for a moment before looking at the shrubs, and I took that to mean he couldn’t talk. “Eli, listen, this lockdown thing might last a few days, and they’ll have you working here until it’s over.” I lowered my voice so nobody else could hear me, “but if this gig gets to be too much, I want you to come find me, and we’ll bail. I don’t care about their stupid laws. We’ll manage. Okay?” I patted his flank. “But, if you like doing this, then I’m happy for you. Just stick with Ezra at all times. Got it?” Eli’s amber eyes looked deep into mine. He gave a low whine and placed his paw in my hand. “Yeah, I’ll be careful too,” I smiled.
His head suddenly whipped around, a deep snarl bursting from him as he sprinted toward the main road, away from the perimeter. “Eli!” I shouted, taking off after him. Swirls of black smoke billowed in front of me as cold hands clamped onto my wrists, pulling me into a thick pitch-black abyss. 


Tugging violently to pull free was a lost cause, but I noticed the hold on my arms began to dissipate along with the dark mist enveloping me. My feet touched solid ground just as a deafening roar bellowed a few feet away. Disoriented, it took a moment to clue into where I’d been taken and who was yelling.
Rathe and Kutmisan stood on either side of me as a man-beast charged towards us. His skin was a mix of dark stone spattered with flecks of gold that had, perhaps, once been shiny but was now dull. Standing at least eight feet tall, he stalked forward menacingly, like a wingless avenging angel. His body was perfection in motion. The fire and fury he threw off kept me frozen to the spot, not from fear, but because mesmerizing deep jade eyes held me in place. Only one person in the world had eyes that spoke to my soul like that.
Zeke. 
I’d never seen his true form before, but it was a sight that was forever seared to memory. Despite his obvious anger, instinct told me I was completely safe, that no harm would ever come to me in his presence. Fearless, smooth, and deadly, he stood towering over all three of us. I noticed Rathe and Kutmisan appeared resigned to whatever punishment was going to be doled out, but they still held their ground and didn’t attempt to flee. Lost in my observations, I hadn’t noticed Zeke had spoken my name. Gently, he tilted my chin upwards, scanning my face to ensure I was unharmed. His thumb brushed my cheek before his hand covered mine and led me to stand behind him. Jimmy waited a short distance away, so I hurried over to her as quick as my feet could carry me. We held hands, relieved to be together and on the sidelines of what looked like a stand-off at high-noon between Inferna’s reps and Zeke.
“I’d rather be lying on an ant bed with my back broke than be here,” Jimmy whispered while nervously fidgeting with her scarf. Glancing over my shoulder, I saw we were at the entrance to Scholomance.
“What’s going on?” I asked her, but she just motioned for me not to speak.
From the sleeve of Rathe’s coat, a long white snake slithered out then immediately transformed into a whip whose tip glowed with strange flames that were not of this world. Black with a red center, they seemed to resemble thousands of rage-filled demons lurching forward and back.
“Begone Zaqiel,” Rathe warned as he skimmed the whip across the ground, scorching the earth like concentrated napalm. “We have to bring her to Him. She will not be harmed. You have my word on that.”
Zeke, or Zaqiel, as he seemed to be going by at the moment, was undeterred by the whip and in a move so fast it didn’t even register his massive hands gripped both men’s necks as he held them high. Neither rep attempted to defend themselves. Their bodies became limp, dangling like lifeless corpses hanging from a tree branch. Zeke spoke, but it wasn’t in any language I understood or recognized. Both men’s faces contorted in agony.
“Jess, let us explain.” Kutmisan rasped, his eyes pleading. “On my word, I would never harm you.”
The man had been nice to me during the ‘Essanne’ situation, so I felt obligated to at least try and understand what was going on.
“Zeke,” I called out to the giant. “Please, let me just hear them out. I’m safe now. It’s okay.” He didn’t seem willing to let go of them so, I closed the distance between us and touched his side. He smelled so different from his usual crisp scent of the forest, soft rain, and something else I could never quite grasp. Now, it was like a summer day by the ocean, along with my favourite ice cream flavour and notes of freshly made ink powder. How was that possible?
He looked at me for a long moment, anger giving away to warmth until he dropped both men like wet rags. With an undulating wave, his body returned to the Zeke I knew, and I couldn’t help but exhale a slow breath of relief. He wrapped his arm tightly around my waist, tucking me into his side as he waited for the offenders to regain control and stand to face us.
“Speak,” Zeke barked. “Jess has given you this opportunity. I wouldn’t waste it.”
“He wants an audience with the ink mage,” Rathe explained calmly, but the tremble in his hand revealed his emotional state. “We refused, initially, but he invoked the Supreme’s name.”
“Why didn’t you come to me about this?” Zeke was half shifting back to his other form, anger testing his control. “Why show up and steal my mate?”
Now was probably not a good time to correct him on that assumption.
Fearful of being lynched again, they appeased his wrath by bowing low and apologizing. “We were sure you would refuse. And, not having a choice but to grant His demand, we took Jess as soon as the opportunity presented itself. But we swear we would never have harmed her. Surely, you know that. You understand the position we’re in.”
“Has he recovered?” Zeke asked nobody in particular.
“I am told the regeneration is complete,” Rathe replied.
Zeke turned away, signalling something to Jimmy, who then disapparated. “Let’s get this over and done with,” he ground out. 
Rathe appeared shocked. “You….you can’t go…it’s ─” Zeke’s steely glare halted whatever he was about to say. “Very well,” he bowed again.
Zeke turned to me, his hands gently cupping my shoulders. “Do you trust me to keep you safe no matter what?”
That’s the last thing I was expecting him to say. I thought we’d touch on the fact that his beast came out, that it wasn’t of this world, and that he still thinks I’m his mate. “There’s a lot going on right now, and I’d really like to be clued into what’s happening.”
“I need you to answer me, Jess. Do you trust me to keep you safe?”
Physically, yes. Emotionally, not so much. “Against bodily harm? Without a doubt.”
“I’m glad to hear that,” he exhaled with relief and hugged me to him for a long moment. I shouldn’t have basked in the feel of him against me or marvelled at how good he smelled, and I especially shouldn’t have closed my eyes and allowed myself this stolen moment of bliss. “Because Lucifer has demanded a meeting with you.”
How do you even respond to something like that? Your brain can’t process the information because it has no reference point to compute such a thing. So, obviously, you end up asking the only thing that makes sense “why?”
“I don’t know, exactly. Rathe refused him outright, but Lucifer invoked Our Father’s name. That does two things. It first burns Lucifer to a crisp. I mean, he regenerates, but it’s an agonizing process. And secondly, it pays the price of him leaving Hell’s seventh circle to travel to an upper level called The Chamber.”
“But just because he pays for something doesn’t mean I have to be involved, right? I’ve nothing to do with him. I want nothing to do with him.”
“Ordinarily, that would be the case, but once he reaches The Chamber, he can call your name incessantly until you appear─ no matter how long it takes. It’s far easier to forego the torment and just meet with him.”
“And he’s there now?”
Zeke passed a hand over his hair. “He just arrived.”
My stomach hit my toes from fear. Zeke reassured me that I wouldn’t be in any danger and that he’d be with me. But, I needed to know what I was walking into and what I could do to protect myself if shit hit the fan.
Zeke pressed his lips to my hair. “I’ll be with you all the way.”
Yeah, he kinda said that the last time we came here. “Just tell me what his strengths and weaknesses are? What will give me an advantage in there?”
“I’ll cover that with you on the way in.” He tilted my chin up to meet his loving gaze. “I let you down the last time. It won’t happen again, I promise.” Just then, Jimmy popped back into view and discreetly pressed an object into the Opilio’s palm. “Thank you, Jimmy. It’ll be safer for you to return to The Yards, now.”
“No way!” the jinn retorted. “If I’m gonna be going out of mind with worry, it might as well be here.”
Zeke gently squeezed her hands. “Hide, Yaqov,” he soothed her worries using her ancient name and pressed a paternal kiss to her forehead. “All will be well.”
“Y’all better come out together this time,” Jimmy cautioned tenderly as her voice broke. “And Peaches, all this frettin’ and worryin’ right here be fifteen cocktail dresses, minimum.”
“I’ll wear a different one every day for an entire week,” I promised before we headed into Scholomance accompanied by ambassador Faust and his assassin Kutmisan.
As we walked the cobble-stoned path up to the imposing arched doors, Zeke spoke lowly as he passed me a tiny vial. “Drink this before we go in. It’s my blood and will prevent Lucifer from compelling you. Do not make a deal with him under any circumstances.”
I took the vial, guessing that’s what he’d sent Jimmy to retrieve. After removing the stopper, I knocked back the burgundy liquid. “How come it doesn’t have a coppery taste? In fact, it’s quite sweet,” I frowned, confused.
He didn’t get a chance to reply as the same well-dressed guard from our previous visit stepped through the door. “Ambassador,” he greeted Rathe, motioning us all to enter.
We followed Rathe and Kutmisan through a door off to the right of the vestibule. Inside the cavernous room was an odd contraption, resembling the great, great grandfather of the golf cart. Rathe wore his lost-boy expression while the assassin appeared worried. We were invited to climb aboard the strange vehicle.
Zeke held up his hand. “One moment.”
He pulled out what appeared to be a folded black muslin scarf from deep within his jacket pocket then whispered in my ear. “It’s a shroud. Wear it as an extra safety precaution.”
As he placed it around my head and shoulders, ensuring my hair and body were covered, I realized how long and oddly shaped it appeared. The material appeared flimsy, but I felt cocooned in a feathery layer, sheltered from the world.
“This is very precious to you,” I murmured so only he could hear.
“Bada wrapped me in it when transporting me from the banks of the River Styx, after my fall from grace.” His thumb stroked my cheek. “But that’s a story for another day.”
He held my hand as we sat in the rear seat of the cart. As soon as we were strapped in, it propelled forward noisily while meandering through several opulent corridors. We suddenly tipped forward, descending a steep spiral slope at a dizzying speed. The sheer slate wall on one side and an abyss on the other made for the scariest white knuckle ride of my life. Zeke’s fingers slotted with mine, and I squeezed them like they were a stress ball.
The further we descended, the more I felt I was travelling into the very depths of despair. All hope, all joy, and all light were slowly being smothered from my soul. The weight of that desolation was such that I felt crushed under the darkness. I wasn’t the only one affected. The deeper we descended into the bowels of the earth, the more rigid Zeke’s body became. It was only when he ground out a painful moan I realized he was in severe pain. His eyes were clamped shut, and his jaw clenched so tightly I was surprised his teeth hadn’t been mashed to powder.
“Zeke, Zeke?” I spoke close to his ear. “What’s happening? Where are you hurt?”
“It’s the burn,” Rathe hollered over his shoulder. “It’ll pass. He can’t use any magical cloaking to alleviate the pain. It’s all nullified here. The Fallen don’t do well on the Highway to Hell.
Rathe’s words echoed in my mind, ‘Highway to Hell?’ Had AC/DC known about this place when they wrote the song?
“It’s awfully quiet for a highway,” I observed while nervous energy rode me hard. I wanted out of here. I felt that if we didn’t turn around right now, we’d be trapped here forever. There was nobody on the road behind or ahead of us. “More like a trail to Tartarus.”
Rathe wagged a finger, playfully, “No taunting the Tao of Torment if you please.”
Zeke groaned aloud in agony for several seconds, his hands spasming before releasing again.”Is there nothing I can do to help him?”
“He knew it was going to be like this,” Rathe continued. “But he didn’t want you to be alone with us, wanted to protect you himself.”
I caressed Zeke’s hand, willing the pain to leave him. I couldn’t believe he willingly accepted to endure this? “How come neither of you are afflicted?” I inquired, visibly annoyed that both reps were unaffected by this journey.
“Because,” Rathe grinned cunningly, “we’re not, nor ever have been, angels.”
“You shouldn’t have come,” I chided Zeke gently. “I’d never have agreed if I’d known it’d be like this.”
“He’ll be fine, Jess,” Kutmisan offered reassuringly. “I promise.”
The assassin appeared sincere, and my gut was telling me he was being truthful. I didn’t appreciate him yanking me from The Yards, but I don’t think he had a choice in the matter.
“Zeke’s body began to relax ever so slightly. “I think it might be dissipating. Maybe the worst has─”
“You should be more worried about yourself,” Rathe interjected. 
“Why?” The contraption stopped, suddenly jolting us all violently.
“Because we’ve arrived at the Ends of the Earth,” he announced. “This will not be an easy encounter.”
The highway ended at an unmanned checkpoint of sorts. A tall fence made from jaundiced femurs and ribcages rattled together like discordant wind chimes. Eerie shrunken heads with bulging eyes and lips sewn shut with thick black thread hung symmetrically from a row of blood-covered spears. Behind the fence was complete darkness.
The ambassador freed us all by releasing the straps simultaneously, and I breathed a sigh of relief at being freed from the confines of the rickety hooptie.
Rathe stepped closer to me, a coy regard crossing his features. “You’re not pure, are you, Miss Darrows?”
“That’s none of your damn business,” I retorted hotly.
His head tilted slightly before his smile widened. “Being a naughty girl has its advantages down here. It’s a lot less painful than the untouched. Most of those don’t survive.”
“Enough,” Zeke ground out threateningly. He adjusted the shroud, wrapping it tighter around my frame. Worried eyes held mine before he masked his emotions. “It’ll be fine, Jess. The shroud will help. Make sure you keep it on all the time.”
 “How about you? Feeling any better?” He didn’t look great. There was a thick sheen of sweat covering his face, rivulets of moisture trickled along his neck. His braids looked slick with accumulated perspiration, and his pallor was off.
“I’m good.” He glanced at something behind me. “Let’s get this over and done with.”
“The Chamber is just beyond this barrier,” Rathe announced like a seasoned tour guide. “We use it when processing our strays, or souls who have erred here after death. Usually, they’ve unknowingly followed a loved one. You can imagine the shock when they realize their beloved is at the right destination, but they’re not. The return trip is usually fraught with wailing and gnashing of teeth. So much drama.”
“This is where you and Lucifer will both meet,” Kutmisan added, bringing us back on point. “You may enter, but Zeke will have to remain on this side.”
“I’m staying with her,” the Opilio snapped.
“I’m afraid not.” Rathe’s snake slithered out from his shirt cuff, instantly confining Zeke. “Only our magic works down here, Zaqiel,” he beamed smugly.
“Let him go, right now!” I cried “He won’t follow me in.” I eyed Zeke who, reluctantly agreed and was freed from the bind.
Turning to Kutmisan, I said. “Do I just walk on through?”
Suddenly the place lit up as if the last rays of a setting sun shone behind the fence. The orange glow was so powerful; it was blinding and filled with a world of the deepest hate imaginable. All wars, murders, jealousy, fears, envy, and rage were born from this energy. The sheer weight of profound abhorrence was too much. I fell to my knees, crying out as my palms scraped against the hard rock.
“Ooops,” Rathe smirked as Zeke helped me to my feet. “Someone’s known a lot of hardship and loss,” he tsked with feigned sympathy. “That’ll up the discomfort exponentially.
“Think of love,” Zeke whispered. “All those you love and who love you. Everyone ─ Parsons Jimmy, Eli, Ivy, Paul….and even me, if you’ll allow it.” He didn’t wait or expect me to respond to that. Instead, he pulled sunglasses from a pocket below his breast pocket and covered my eyes. “Don’t take them off in there.” His lips covered mine in a gentle loved-filled kiss that acted as a beacon of light in this abyss.
Kutmisan gently took my hand and ushered me forward. “Remember, He is not allowed to touch you.” When the fence door closed behind me, I turned around and was facing the Devil.

He was a massive humanoid form with lava-like hardened rocks covering his body. That same deep orange piercing glow of hate shone through the cracks. Tremors racked my body, and tears rolled down my face as the malevolent energy spiked exponentially. My hands covered my face because it was so unbearable to be in its presence. Suddenly the energy shifted, becoming less intense. I dropped my hands to find the form was now more human. Wearing a fedora and dressed in a sky blue three-piece suit, the dark-haired, alabaster-skinned demon looked, for the most part, quite handsome. There were no typical identifying demonic characteristics like wings, horns, or a tail. However, he had retained the same height. I guessed him to be about nine feet tall, and, given I was five foot two, my neck strained considerably to look at him. The ground beneath me undulated, carrying me upwards until we were at eye level. His presence was commanding and all-consuming.
He removed his hat, and I instantly felt sharp waves of compulsion emanating from him, coaxing me to remove the shroud and walk into the depths of Hell with him. But Zeke’s glasses, blood, and cloak anchored me, offering strength in the face of such a powerful entity. My eyes honed in on the mage’s code marring his otherwise celestial appearance. Never in my wildest dreams could I have envisioned something as horrific as what was before me. There were three symbols, as had been touted in many different versions of so-called holy books, but none described its absolutely bloodcurdling appearance.
I’d always assumed the three numbers were neatly formed side by side, but that wasn’t the case. The first symbol sloped toward the left temple, the next sat at the centre of his forehead, and the third was slanted toward the right temple. They appeared to have been gouged out with a wide, blunt instrument that had been soaked in ink. The encrusted and decomposing skin surrounding each digit’s incision had curled outwards, further widening the grotesque fissures. The odour emanating from him was pure rot and deep decay. I was sure it would linger forever in my nostrils. But that wasn’t the worst part. Within each crevice were hundreds of larvae-like holes, collectively forming the number of the code. The glistening viscous matter was a tryophobic’s worst nightmare.
For some reason, my attention honed in on the first symbol. The figure resembled a six, but it wasn’t a digit per se. The form was more akin to an ancient, and most likely, obsolete language.
“There, isn’t that much more comfortable being face to face.” His voice was rich, smooth, and melodic, made to tempt. “Less strain on that pretty neck of yours.” He proffered his hand, but I didn’t extend mine. “Very well,” he grinned after a moment’s hesitation. “So, you’re the ink mage, Jessica Darrows.”
“I am,” I gulped, wondering what I should call him. I wouldn’t make the mistake of assuming his name. He might get very upset with a misnomer. “And you’re?” Grotesque, abominable, scurrilous, vile, sickening were just some of the labels that came to mind.
“I am many things, little Mage,” he waved his hand, and we were seated comfortably opposite one another in a conjured up living room. The illusion was a disturbing replica of Parsons’ home where we’d enjoyed so many fireside chats. “Some call me Morning Star, Beelzebub, Lucifer, Nocifer, Dawn, etc. But, today, you may call me, Lumiel.”
“Lumiel,” I repeated evenly, wishing the décor would change, or I’d never be able to enjoy the custodian’s hearth again.
“Hmmm, and you’re a baroosinka, I see,” he grinned. “How odd.”
“I don’t know what that is.” I was certain I’d never heard the term before.
He chuckled malevolently. “And you’re oblivious to it too. So bizarre.”
Perhaps I should’ve been curious enough to pursue the baroosin thing, but my attention was riveted on the code again. I couldn’t help but wonder what the mage used to hollow out the markings. A nine iron?
“Interesting, is it not?” he mused at my blatant curiosity.
“Why did you want to meet when the last ink mage gave you that?”
“Miss Darrows, I do not blame your predecessor for marring my beautiful skin and sending me to the anus of this asteroid. It was a divine calling she could not ignore. Just as you cannot ignore what is happening to you now. No, I take issue with my Father and his complete lack of openness to my seeking the promotion I deserved. Instead of dialoguing or proposing a counter-offer, he expulsed me: Permanently!”
“A promotion?” I parroted before realization dawned on me. “You were seeking an advancement? In Heaven?”
“I was basically running the show as it was. I had all the responsibilities without the authority. Plus, The Father was absent, like, all the time, leaving me to manage everything,” his hand flipped exasperatedly. “And those I called my brothers, those prissy little Archangels?” he spat. “Divas every one of them! It’s because of those trussed-up elitists I ended up here in the first place. They’re the reason I languish in this cesspool, suffering, deprived of what is rightfully mine. But they’ll tell you I deserved it!” At my confused expression, he frowned, rage washing over his features. “Are you are unaware of my plight? You dare to grace my presence without first learning of my struggles, of how I endured war, torment, and torture?”
I frowned, scrambling to recall if I’d read anything involving archangels, but drew a blank. Lumiel was volatile and narcissistic, and the least thing would set him off. It was like trying to dismantle a bomb…strapped to a cracked egg. “I believe some details escape me at the moment.”
“Yes, well, you are a woman. What more could I expect? You’re only good for one thing.”
Ugh! Maybe I should remind him a woman was responsible for confining his misogynistic ass here. Instead of getting caught up in his anger and hate, I redirected my thoughts to Parsons’ love and attention; Jimmy’s loving hugs, Ivy’s giggles, Eli and Ezra’s loyalty, and Zeke’s fiercely protective ways. I decided the best way to navigate this situation was to pretend to give Lumiel what every narcissist wants; sympathy and attention.
“Indeed,” I replied neutrally. “Sounds like those were tough times.” He seemed satisfied with that paltry remark and continued his monologue. 
“All the archangels were His favourites. He believed everything they reported back to Him, which was why He ended up punishing me and my followers. We were all innocents, simply looking for a change in leadership, but were forced to take a stand against my Father’s radical ways.”
“Kind of like La Revolution française, but in reverse?”
“Hmmm, yes, I suppose you could say that,” he purred before peering at me closely. “But we’re not here to discuss brioche.” He crossed his leg, drawing my attention to the thick white woollen socks tucked inside very expensive tan loafers. It was at odds with his, otherwise, sleek and fashionable appearance. “So, what does a prince of my standing want with a lowly ink mage, you may ask?”
I pasted on a wide and very fake smile. “I’m sure it’s of great importance for you to deign me with your presence.” The fallen angel bought my act without question.
“There are two things I would like to discuss with you.” He inadvertently brushed aside a wavy lock from his forehead, pulling my focus back to the first symbol again. Instinctively, I felt it contained information only an ink mage could read. Concentrating on the gelatinous larvae holes, I realized that collectively, they formed lines of text in an unknown language, but there was one word I could decipher:
Ehyeh.
He burst out laughing at my expression of awe. “That brings me to my first request. Do you know what this means?” he gestured to his face. “Because I don’t. It’s like I’m holding onto three tomes I cannot open, yet within their pages, they create the walls keeping me contained down here.”
He basically had an ancient library engraved on his forehead. But I wouldn’t know for sure without touching his skin, and I wasn’t going to walk into that kind of trap. He could be tricking me with some sort of illusion magic. I mean, this was Lucifer, the angel who tried to replace God. Quite the ego he had there.
“I can’t say for sure,” I replied, truthfully. “My understanding is a mage is guided to write her code based on the expulsed entity’s transgressions. It’s known to one, not all.”
“Expulsed entity?” he yelled, blasting me with a wave of wrath that pushed me back against the seat.
“I didn’t mean to offend. I was just trying─”
“No, no…expulsed is the correct term, I suppose,” he conceded haughtily. “But, do you not see how Heaven uses the realms, earthly and otherwise, as its dumping ground for us freedom fighters?” Without waiting for a response, he continued. “We are the receptacle of its waste disposal, and you, Mage, are its garbage man…well, person. You are divinely chosen to pick up Heaven’s contaminated materials and send them somewhere out of sight where they are left to wither away. The supposed All-Loving Father judged us mercilessly, deemed us unworthy at best and evil at worst. He recited every one of my alleged transgressions to the mage so she could create a containment code. Cruel, wouldn’t you say?” he asked rhetorically. “All I really wanted was to be exalted. And with His ever-increasing absenteeism, I was being revered and adored by my followers, and for that, I am stuffed like a firebug into the earth and my light, smothered.”
There was nothing wrong with his light. Zeke’s sunglasses were great, but even if the glow was a deep orange, I was beginning to get a massive headache from exposure to such a high level of luminosity, not to mention the hate.
How to respond to his so-called tale of woe? I could say something generic like, ‘thank you for sharing, but I doubted that would fly. If Ivy were here, she’d have come up with the appropriate Hallmark card for the situation, like – You only fail if you stop trying to be God.
“You have no idea how bad it was!” he sighed dramatically, seemingly unperturbed that I hadn’t offered an opinion either way. “I’d had a few hundred supporters on my team, ready for action. If you knew how things worked in that realm, you’d see that was a huge following.”
“It sounds like a lot,” I offered evenly.
“The killer thing is, there were entities stirring things up before me, but they never got kicked out. All I did was confront Him. I told him to step aside or kneel before me.” Lumiel rolled his eyes, “After he sent me hurtling to earth, a war broke out between my people and the Seven Divas, his archangel pets. The next thing I know, my face is being butchered, and I end up all alone and banished to Hell for eternity.”
“So, where did you land when you fell? Where did the Mage meet you?”
“In a far triangle. Hot as Hell.” He waved flippantly, “that expression’s totally wrong, by the way. Hell is freezing. When they say you burn in Hell, they mean freezer burn. It’s a cold day here every day.”
“Where’s a far triangle?”
“I believe in Abyssinia.”
I made a mental note to check the geographical location later. “And there was a second request you wished to speak about?”
“Yes, Mage,” he tilted his head at an odd angle, “let’s make a deal.”
“For?”
“My extradition to another realm in exchange for having full access to my code.”
It took a long moment to process the weight of that demand. I realized two things; all this sharing was to bolster pity so he could manipulate me into agreeing to this, and he was sending massive compulsion energy to weaken my mind and give in to his demands.
“Lumiel,” I nodded respectfully, “I do not believe I hold any sway with entities here or in any realm that could alter your situation.”
“Ah, but that’s where you are mistaken. If I were to allow you the privilege of reading each of my symbols, you could erase this travesty and swap me out with the next entity.”
As tempting as the offer to read his code was, there was no way I was entering into a deal with him. It’s not like I’d have a say as to where this next being would go anyway. “I do not have the ability to read the symbols and, as mentioned, I have no power other than the ability to write a─”
“A new code, I know!” he snapped impatiently. “I do not see why you cannot erase this one, copy it onto the new entity and give me my freedom.”
“Have you considered the fact that the next one might join you? You’d have a roommate and wouldn’t feel so alone.”
“You speak nonsense!” The bones on the fence began to chime. “Our time is running out,” he barked. “Make the deal! I want you to get me out of here!!!!”
The room got brighter all of a sudden, but I couldn’t see why. Lumiel’s eyes widened with surprise at something behind me. The bones rattled again a second time. “Find a way for me to trade places with this entity, Miss Darrows! I command you to do it.” 
A wave of compulsion hit me like a grenade went off in my head. I felt fractured into tiny pieces, each weighing me down like a ton of bricks. Somehow, I managed to find the strength to look him straight in the eye. “No. I. Will. Not.”
Surprise crossed his features when he saw I was not under his thrall. “I deserve to be free. I deserve to have this encryption removed. I cannot do that when I do not even know what words bind me!”
Pulling the shroud tighter around me helped allay the damage his energy was causing.“You’d want another to exist as you do now?” I asked in disbelief.
“I am the victim here. Why can you not see that?” he pleaded as though deeply wounded. “You of all people should know the bite of rejection. Weren’t you abandoned as an infant? Wouldn’t you like to know who birthed you? Who threw you away? I could tell you everything you need to know.”
Pursuing that offer would give him leverage over me. As with the Fae queen, I was better off refusing. The bones rattled again. “I must go.” I stood up shakily, feeling the ground lowering beneath my feet until I was no longer face to face with the beast. Just as I went to turn away, his hand lashed out, clamping down on mine in a death grip that sent liquid nitrogen oozing into my bones. My mouth gaped open in a silent, agonized scream as I fell to my knees Whatever he was doing was killing me, fast. 
“Tell me what this is!!!! Tell me something!” he roared, pure loathing and rage seeping from him like decaying apostations.
“One word,” I panted through the torture.
“Yes, yes, what is it? Speak!” he pressed angrily while stepping closer, sending more grenades of searing hateful energy exploding through me, plunging me deeper into the liquid nitrogen. In that state of nothingness and desolation, I felt his absolute power, his ability to thwart, corrupt, and contaminate, but I also felt, almost instinctually, that I had a weapon.
“Ehyeh,” I croaked the ancient name of God etched on his temple. His head snapped back, his face contorting with disgust as it morphed into an agonizing grimace. “Ehyeh most high,” I continued, unsure as to where this prayer was coming from but knew it was elevating me out of the invisible cryogenic fluid. “Ehyeh, King of kings be praised,” I spoke loudly and assuredly. He dropped my hand, stepping away, horrified. Despite his scream, my whispered prayer resonated through The Chamber. “For He is the one true Father. Praise Ehyeh. Praise Ehyeh.”
Lumiel took a great gulp of air as his body began corroding like acid on metal, but that didn’t stop him getting out one final jab. “Mage,” he rasped as ink, skin, larvae and muscle melted down his face. “Did they tell you death follows you seconds after the coding? Did they tell you, you’re nothing but a magical suicide bomber?”
Chapter 7

Zeke’s arms cradled me as we bounced about in the rickety cart heading up to Scholomance. His body heat did little to alleviate the pain of the deep freeze caused by Lumiel’s touch. I did my best to hold everything in, but after one particularly bad bump, I couldn’t help the whimper that escaped me.
“Almost there, Jess.” He tightened his jacket around me. “We’ll get you home in no time.”
The room began to spin wildly, and breathing became difficult. Things passed in a blur until we were leaving the sinister manor. Kutmisan held the large double doors open and bowed briefly as we exited. “I will be in touch, Jess. Be well.”
Zeke’s chest rumbled in a low growl. “Come near her again, and it’ll be the last thing you ever do.”
Jimmy ran up to meet us. “Peaches!” she exclaimed in horror.
“She’s been soul scarred.”
“The Cyans, Jimmy choked, “we need to get her to them.”

Warm air wafted over my frozen skin, creating a sense of total bliss. Soft blue lighting blended with waves of restorative energy emanating from minuscule rainbow orbs suspended in the air. Looking about, I found myself on a soft mattress in a cosy egg-shaped pod. I must’ve blacked out because I’d no recollection of being brought here, wherever here was. It totally didn’t matter because it wasn’t Hell. When Lumiel’s hand touched mine, I saw and felt the atrocities he did to other souls, what he would do to me, things the human mind couldn’t even conceive of. I’d never be able to move past that terror, never function normally again. The orbs seemed to sense I’d awakened and hovered closer to my body, upping the temperature in the small space. One luminous sphere gently touched my forehead, and although no words were spoken, I distinctly heard it reassuring me all was well, and they would repair my soul. Countless orbs appeared, covering the entire surface of my body. And while they never made direct contact with my skin, their multi-coloured rays of light bathed the depths of my soul in divine fire. Flames scorched through the frozen wasteland of despair and darkness, reviving and cleansing all that the beast had tainted. Droplets of happiness vibrated within me, plopping with joyful release onto my thirsty spirit. The happier I felt, the more moisture fell until I was soaked through and smiling like a kid on Christmas morning. The orbs fused, becoming one glowing ball, then sent a final blast of fire and love to my heart before disappearing.
I lay there basking in pure serenity. The horrors of Hell seemed nothing more than a bad dream, as was the pain of Lumiel’s diabolical touch. The healing created by the orbs continued for several more minutes, allowing me to safely explore what happened in The Chamber at the Ends of the Earth. The main questions rattling around in my brain were, what was a baroosinka? Was I really going to die right after coding the entity? If so, why hadn’t Haff mentioned it? And, would Lumiel try and seek some sort of revenge for refusing his demands and corroding him in the process? I needed answers. Thanking the orbs for their amazing healing, I located the latch on the capsule and popped it open.
Zeke and Jimmy were waiting right next to it when I emerged, their expressions grave. “Who knew Hell was frozen,” I quipped with a wan smile.
“Are you okay, Jess?” Zeke asked with a grimace.
“I’m not in Inferna, so I’m good.” I took in his exhausted appearance. “How about you?”
He shrugged casually, “I’m okay.”
“Descending into the Ends of the earth did a number on you too,” I admitted guiltily, while observing his features. “Are you still in pain?”
“Not at all.” He wrapped a fluffy robe around me like I was a burrito. “I can’t believe Lumiel tried a move like that.”
“Yeah, not a spot I’d ever return to. I’ll be giving it a bad review on Tripadvisor.” I glanced back at the strange pod. “But this place, wherever it is, definitely gets five stars.”
“We’re still in The Yards’” Zeke supplied. “Soul Sanctuary is a wellness center for trauma to the spirit. Those orbs you saw were Cyans. They consume the damage done to the psyche and convert it to a form of nourishment.”
I’d never heard of Cyans before. Zeke had so many diverse creatures in his community I couldn’t help but wonder how many other species called The Yards home. “I’m very grateful they were able to heal me. Is there something I could do to thank them?”
“They’ve just feasted on an extremely rare energy. Believe me, they’re the ones feeling grateful.”
“C’mon Peaches.” Jimmy linked my arm. “I got you some dry clothes in the locker room. We’ll get you comfortable, and then, if you’re up for it, we’ll eat and talk.”
Under the robe, I felt my outfit was drenched in sweat from being in defrost mode. “Sounds like a plan.”
Jimmy stood outside the shower cubicle, chatting about a new dress she’d ordered from Stella’s but had yet to receive any delivery information. “An’ I need that dress for a special event,” she complained, tsking.
“What’s the occasion?” I quickly donned cotton underwear, comfy sweats, and an oversized hoody.
“Well, I don’t know yet, but I’ll have one soon. I can just feel it,” she said, shimmying her shoulders with glee as I pulled the door open.
I couldn’t help but laugh at her sweet addiction to glitz and glam. “Maybe call Stella to check on the status of the order? At least then you’ll know when to expect it.”
“I’ve tried, but she ain’t answering,” she muttered while checking her phone again. “I know she’s crazy busy with the Buttercup Fae wedding coming up. Loads have asked her to make their clothes, but because of the recent disappearances, I think she may have set up shop underground at the emergency shelter. I guess I’ll just have to wait.”
When we joined Zeke, he suggested that we all meet up at Da Nona’s for a bite to eat. He wanted to bring everyone up to speed with what happened after I was grabbed at the security barrier.

Shay and Jonah met us at our spacious booth in the rear of the restaurant. Shortly after, Ezra and Eli joined us, and we greeted each other with a mix of joy and relief before settling down for our meal. The shifters were allowed an extra-long break from security duty so we could catch up. I texted Ling but didn’t get a response, which was probably a good thing as I’d prefer to discuss my ‘impending death’ with Haff in private.
“It was the Inferna reps who nabbed you?” Shay balked before shoving a large chunk of garlic bread in his mouth. “Bastarhss,” he swore.
When I explained where I’d been and who I’d encountered, there was dead silence for all of three seconds before the questions started flying. Zeke raised his hand for calm and checked if I felt up to relating the experience.
“Of course,” I replied, filling my plate while describing everything, including Zeke’s suffering on the way to Ends of the Earth, but omitted Lumiel’s death prediction. Looking around the table, I said, “So, can anyone tell me what a baroosinka is?”
“Never heard of it,” Zeke frowned, and the others nodded in agreement. Eli gave a short mournful whine.
“What is it, bud?” I asked as Jonah patted the wolf’s head. 
Ezra fed him a piece of rare steak. “I think he just doesn’t like hearing what you went through with that jerk.”
“Trust me, it won’t happen again,” I reassured him.
Zeke suggested Lyre might help shed some light on the unknown term, so I shot off a quick message to the learned librarian just as gossip on Inferna and the reps began around the table. By the time I’d sopped the sauce from my bowl of gourmet ravioli with a chunk of fresh baguette, my phone chimed with an incoming message. “Lyre says a baroosinka is an ancient Fae term for mooring or anchoring something.” I couldn’t help but frown at that. “Why did Lumiel think I was moored? It makes no sense.”
Zeke placed his arm along the top of the seat behind me. “There might be someone amongst our Fae who could help clarify if something got lost in translation. I’ll go to the shelter early tomorrow morning and ask.”
“You look exhausted, Jess,” Ezra noted. “It’s almost one a.m. Let me take you back to the studio so you can get a good night’s rest.”
“I’ll take her,” Zeke’s tone held a hint of irritation.
Ezra smirked, and I knew he was deliberately riling up the Opilio. But he was right, I did feel totally drained. And I didn’t care who I went back with as long as I didn’t have to walk. “Sounds good to me.”
Back at the studio, Zeke hovered for a few moments, reluctant to leave. “I can sleep on the couch if you don’t want to be alone,” he offered hesitantly. “You’ve been through…well.. Hell.”
I wasn’t sure if he felt obliged to offer, but no way was a sleepover happening. Having him in close proximity wouldn’t help me get over my feelings for him. “I’m good, thanks. I think I’m going to be out like a light pretty quickly.”
“Alright, but if there’s anything at all, call me or Jimmy, okay?”
“Promise.” He looked like he wanted to say more but turned and headed to the front door. “And, thanks for all your help today,” I called. “I really appreciate everything you did.”
“Jess,” he paused at the doorway. “I’d go to the Ends of the Earth every single day for you.”
He didn’t look back before closing the door. If he had, he’d have caught a look of astonishment plastered across my face.

The following morning I awoke feeling like I’d run a marathon. I’d have to mention it to Jax because this deep fatigue wasn’t normal. Shuffling forward with coffee as my only goal, I found Ezra, Eli, Shay, Jonah, Jimmy, and Zeke sombrely milling about my living room.
“What happened?” I asked, then realized I needed to get my bathroom business out of the way first. “Hang on before you answer that. Nature calls.”
From the porcelain throne, I got snippets of their conversation. It seemed there’d been another Fae disappearance. Why did that bring them all here at the same time? After cleaning up, I returned to face whatever was currently hitting the fan. The conversation suddenly stalled when I entered the room.
Jimmy’s worried gaze had my inner alarms ringing. “So what’s going on?”
“Where were you?” Zeke folded his big arms across his chest, his jaw taut with tension. Not a good sign.
I thumbed toward the washroom. “You literally just saw me go in.”
“No, Peaches, he means last night.”
“And don’t say you were sleeping because you weren’t in your bed,” Shay accused.
My brain wasn’t registering a thing they were saying. “Lemme just grab a coffee while you enlighten me as to what’s happening.”
“Last night, I put Shay and Jonah on guard duty in case any other realm reps decided to interfere,” Zeke explained. “You hit them with some sort of sleeping spell and disappeared.”
I threw him an ‘are you serious’ glance as I popped the pod into the coffee machine. “Why would I do something like that?” I shook my head in disbelief. “I literally just went to Hell yesterday, almost froze to death, thawed out, ate, and then conked out. Why would I be taking walks in the middle of the night when I felt so done in?”
“It was a ruse so you could go to the Fae’s emergency shelter,” Shay bit out.
“Shay, let Jess explain,” Zeke admonished.
“The emergency shelter?” That had me huffing a mirthless laugh. “I don’t even know where it is.” The only sound in the room was the coffee filling my cup. “Maybe your enforcers were sleeping on the job? Have you considered that?”
“Plausible,” Zeke countered, “except I had to remove the spell to awaken them.”
That sounded bad. “Okay, I give up. What did I allegedly do at the shelter whose location is a mystery to me?” I mentally congratulated myself on keeping the snark at bay. Zeke rubbed a hand over his hair and paced. Bad sign number two. Maybe I should start taking this seriously.
Jonah cut in to explain. “You herded every Fae from that shelter, letting them loose, and now they’ve all gone missing.”
What?? No. Way!!
“Oh come on guys! That’s ridiculous. Surely you don’t believe I’d do something like that?” I half-expected them to laugh and say ‘hell no, or shout out ‘gotcha,’ but it became obvious from their grim faces this wasn’t a prank; this was an accusation. I stood there feeling judged without even having gotten a trial. After everything we’d been through, they still doubted me, still saw me as a threat? Fighting back a whole lot of hurt that took the form of a thick lump in my throat, I motioned to my jinn friend. “You too, Jimmy? You think I did this?”
“Peaches, it’s true,” her voice cracked. “But it makes no sense, and I’m as lost as last year’s Easter eggs ‘bout the whole thing.”
“You don’t remember waking up during the night or leaving the studio?” Zeke kept his eyes trained on mine. When I shook my head, he nodded to Jonah. “Play the video.”
“There’s a video?” They all bobbed their heads. “And it’s definitely me?” I whispered as tears threatened to fall. “You’re sure?” More head bobbing.
“You’re even wearing the same stupid pyjamas,” Shay added harshly, pointing at the long black-sleeved top with the quote ‘Breaking hearts and blasting farts.’ I’d gotten it at a thrift store for a dollar twenty-five. I hadn’t cared about the decal message. I’d just needed the cheapest sleepwear I could find.
“Shay, that’s enough,” Zeke warned.
“Yeah, ease up, man,” Ezra seconded. “Myself and Eli just arrived, so we ain’t seen anything. Show us what’s on the tape.”
When Jonah came to stand beside me and pressed play on his phone, Ezra leaned in over my shoulder. Together we watched the crystal clear image of me, dressed in the same pj’s, dancing and skipping merrily about while following a colourful beam of light emanating from my hand. I approached a low, grassy mound, shone the lights on the knoll and two grass-covered doors magically appeared. I twirled happily about before throwing them wide open and watched in abject horror as I lead a horde of terrified Fae from their hideout like some wicked Pied Piper. The last image, before we disappeared out of view, was of me skipping away in the opposite direction of the sobbing Fae.
Ezra was silent now, having received proof of my crime, while I kept my eyes trained on the screen, unable to refute what I’d just witnessed.
“What’s going on, Jess?” Zeke asked dejectedly. “Why did you expose them like that?”
Shay couldn’t help adding his two cents worth. “Why’d you hunt them down like that? Why?”
“I’ve no memory of this, I swear. Surely you know I’d never hurt them, ever.” Yet I let them out, terrorized them and laughed as they screamed, then ran away into the night. My feet shuffled back to the wall as if trying to escape from the cruelty I’d inflicted.
“Where are they now?” Jonah inquired more calmly. “Do you know what happened to them after you opened the doors?”
 “Stella’s one of them,” Jimmy interjected with a sob.
“Jimmy, I didn’t do this, not consciously, I promise you. I never even left my bed – at least I’ve no recollection of leaving it.”
Zeke sighed, which fuelled Shay’s temper further. “Well? What did you do with them? Are you responsible for all the other disappearances too?”
“Calm down, Shay!” Zeke barked. The enforcer nodded, mollified. “It’s obvious Jess is telling the truth. Someone or something must’ve been influencing her. This has to be some sort of spell. It’s the only logical reason.” He held my gaze, and I knew in that moment whatever he saw convinced him I was innocent. The relief almost brought me to my knees. 
“Could this have to do with Lumiel?” I thought aloud.
“He’s no longer in The Chamber.” Zeke rubbed his chin. “His power of persuasion doesn’t stretch from the Seventh Circle.”
“I’ll start searching for them right now. I won’t stop until I find them, and I promise I’ll bring them all back.”
“What was that beam of light? Where did it come from?” Ezra probed.
I eyed my hand as if the prism was still there. “I’ve no idea,” I admitted.
“Lily might know more,” Zeke decided. “Get dressed, Jess.”
My phone pinged a reminder that my appointment with Dr. Nella was in fifteen minutes. When I went to cancel it, Zeke said we were going to the hospital anyway, so it wouldn’t be necessary to skip the evaluation.

Dr. Nella’s assessment lasted all of five minutes. The aging specialist, despite being an expert in her field, wasn’t inclined to share her knowledge and came across as extremely blunt. No follow-up appointment would be necessary. I didn’t have amnesia; my time had been taken or given away ─ she couldn’t tell which ─ and nothing could be done about it. When I asked her to explain the concept in more detail, she sighed and said countless methods could achieve such an outcome, but it was most certainly someone with a very high magical power level who’d removed them. And many species of Otherworlder would have this ability as it wasn’t exclusive to witches. By the time she’d imparted that information, she’d already shoved her bag on her shoulder, grabbed her jacket, and was halfway out the door.
My head was swimming with so many unanswered questions I hadn’t noticed Zeke who was waiting right outside the office.
“Did it go okay?” he asked, taking my hand and leading me down the corridor.
“Uhm….yeah. I guess. It turns out, I’ve had my time taken away, or maybe I offered it, I don’t know which.” I bit my bottom lip. “Have you ever heard of that happening before?”
“Unfortunately, yes.” His eyes glowed briefly, revealing his displeasure at the news. “Who would’ve done such a thing and why?”
“I was asking myself the same thing,” I replied, nervously pushing a stray lock of hair behind my ear. “Do you know someone who’s experienced that? Maybe I could talk with them about it…after I locate the Fae, of course.”
“There’s the lynx shifter at Bayside Beans Cafe.”
“Oh yes. I’ve seen him there a few times. He’s always so nice.”
“He’s a good kid,” Zeke agreed. “He might be willing to tell you his story or not. You’ll see. But until this situation with the Fae is resolved, I’d prefer you limit your interactions in the community. Tensions are running high, again.” He gave a light tap on an office door.
“Maybe it’s best just to throw me in jail, you know, to be on the safe side.”
He went to respond, but Jax ushered us in. Shay, Jonah, and Jimmy were already waiting for us, along with a young woman with waist-length silver hair and a long white gauze dress, who appeared to be floating an inch from the floor.
“Jess, this is Lily Trengaf, our resident Banshee. Lily works, mostly in our palliative care unit, but is always on hand to gently predict the deaths of any community members when their time is near.” Zeke promptly explained to Lily why he’d called her in.
“Nice to meet you, Lily,” I said by way of a greeting.
 “Likewise, Jess. I’ hope we can try and sort out what’s going on.”
She took my hand and passed it under her nose several times. I wasn’t sure if this was a normal greeting and if I should smell her hand too, or maybe it had to do with the colourful light thingy. “I have absolutely no recollection of last night. I truly thought I’d spent the entire night in bed.”
“Hmmmm. You’ve been to Faerie recently?”
“Just to drop off the remains of Daisy Dewdrops, who perished here a few weeks ago.”
“Did you meet with Twisted Tulipa while you were there?”
“I’m sorry, who?”
“The Fae queen.”
“Oxana…..” My throat was seized with an invisible vice, immediately cutting off my airway. I scratched at my throat, unable to breathe. Pressure built up behind my nose, blocking both nasal cavities. My eyes bulged, my hands waved and pointed frantically at my windpipe as the géas choked the life from me. Lily quickly wrapped a silver filament of hair around my neck, uttered a spell and suddenly, I could breathe again. Gulping in quick inhalations, I caught Zeke’s expression and knew he’d been about to carry me off somewhere –probably to the emergency room.
“It’s okay,” I rasped, turning away as tears flowed down my cheeks. That bitch of a queen almost killed me.
“What happened?” Zeke pushed.
“Nothing. I just swallowed the wrong way.”
“This stinks of Tulipa,” the banshee offered.
“Is that what everyone calls her?” I probed to deflect attention from me. “Twisted Tulipa?”
“We call her many things – all of them well earned. Queen Oxana Tulipa is known for her narcissism, reckless impulsivity, violent outbursts, lack of remorse, and general inability to lead her realm. Over eighty percent of the Fae population in The Yards are refugees from Faerie, myself included.”
“I’m sorry for what you and all the Fae have had to go through,” I commiserated.
“That’s very gracious of you, Jess. I believe, someday, we’ll get our realm back,” she smiled, hopeful. “Once we escaped her tyrannical rule, we bound ourselves to Zeke for protection. It wasn’t an easy period, even after a treaty was signed to ensure peace between both sides. We still mourn those lost and those left behind.” She shook her head in dismay, “Oxana may rule the Seelie Court, but she does not personify the light and benevolence she is supposed to uphold.”
Her utter disdain for the monarch was very clear and very raw. If I were to take a guess, Lily had suffered great personal loss under the queen’s command.
“Alright then,” she patted my hand, “full disclosure before I go any further. As you know, I’m a Banshee, so when your time to die comes around, no matter where you are, this will bring me to your side. It cannot be helped.”
“Good to know I won’t go alone then,” I replied. “Does that go both ways? Will I be with you if you pass before me?” Everyone laughed lowly as if I had said a crazy thing, but I was being earnest.
“Thanks for the offer, but it doesn’t work that way.” Her hand hovered over the soft skin between my thumb and index finger. A faint imprint appeared, and she uttered what must’ve been a curse.
“I’m guessing from your expression this isn’t a good thing.”
“It isn’t.” To the others, she said, “Jess has been stamped. I’m going to activate it now, so nobody say a word until I give the all-clear.”
Lily took one of those tools doctors use to check the ear canal and shone it over the patterned area at length. A bright and colourful daisy came to life in an almost holographic image. Perfect white petals with a golden centre gleamed like crystals caught in a ray of sunshine. The semi-transparent green stem was odd in that the bottom part curled out in opposite directions. Once she’d completed her lengthy examination, the daisy disappeared, and she signalled that it was safe to talk.
“What did you find?” Zeke asked evenly.
“It’s bad,” she ground out. Her manner was in direct contrast to the peaceful perusal she’d just conducted. “Very bad.”
 She’s really outdone herself this time,” Lily grimaced. “That’s a baroosinka, a magical anchor of sorts. Only a handful of Otherworlders are capable of creating them. Bloody insidious things they are.”
Damn! “Lumiel said I was baroosinka,” I exclaimed. “He could see I had it in me and thought it was funny I was unaware of the term.”
Lily glanced at Zeke. “Oxana’s hooked a big one into Jess and managed to moor herself in The Yards.”
“How does the mooring thing work…..” I trailed off as I noticed Lily and Jax were focused on their Opilio.
“When?” Zeke pressed tersely.
“With the image in holographic form,” Lily pointed out, “my guess is it’s been a while.”
“Fuck!” Zeke swore, and I couldn’t help but gasp. Coming from the always-level-headed man, it was a reaction that truly frightened me. “Full or partial?”
“Well, it started out partial, probably from the day Jess visited Faerie. It allowed Oxana to leave her realm and grab your crested Fae outside your territory. But as to when the full mooring occurred, I’m not sure.”
“Hang on,” I recoiled. “You’re saying I am actually responsible for all the missing Fae??”
“Uhm..Jess, have you experienced any strange sensation in your hand recently?” Lily went on, her tone, kind.
I remembered it distinctly. “Yes, on the drive back from Semyon’s two days ago. Zeke was with me when I had a painful reaction to something in my hand, but, at the time, I didn’t know what it was.”
Lily folded her arms across her centre. “That’s when she fully docked her magic, allowing her to apparate right here in our community, through Jess. Your wards wouldn’t have worked for that reason.”
“Was Jess aware of being anchored?” Shay certainly didn’t spare anyone’s feelings when he wanted to know something.
“Not at all,” Lily replied firmly. “And if you ask me, it’s a miracle she hasn’t buckled under that level of magical exposure.”
“How so?” Jimmy sidled up beside me, holding my hand in hers.
“Oxana’s magic is incredibly strong, and she’s been channelling it through Jess to kidnap our Fae. My guess is she started with two at a time which, even then, would have impacted Jess considerably in the hours and days that followed. Given the frequency and amount of transferrals, especially those taken last night, it’s safe to say Jess has had the magical equivalent of an army marching over her body.”
“Why didn’t you say something?” Zeke’s gaze held mine, but I couldn’t read what he was feeling.
“What were your symptoms?” Jax interjected while stepping closer. “How are you feeling now?”
“Mostly fatigue,” I said to the jinn. “Coming to see you about it was on my to-do list.”
“After last night’s transfer, you must’ve felt like hell,” Jonah offered sympathetically.
“Indeed,” Lily agreed. “But we mustn’t forget that an exchange of this magnitude would drain any magical being, even one as strong as Oxana. I suggest we take advantage of this magical incapacitation to find a solution because if Jess gets blasted with one more of Tulipa’s smuggling trips, she might not survive.
Zeke turned to Lily and Jax. “Is there a way to remove the anchor immediately?”
“It’s a magical parasite, so I’m afraid Fire-skimming is the only option,” Jax replied sombrely. “But we don’t have a Koorima to perform it, and they’re so rare, I wouldn’t even know where to begin looking for one.”
The look they shared made my heart drop. They were going to try and do it. Logically, I knew removing the parasite made sense, but emotionally, it terrified me because the PTSD’d corner of my brain where I’d stuffed all the trauma opened up as wide as an ocean. I began deep breathing exercises while trying to concentrate on what was being discussed, but I couldn’t focus properly and just picked up snippets.
“….deliberate abductions are a breach of the accord….” Zeke paced, deep in thought, his expression fierce. “……a century of peace gone to…….”
The possibility of re-living a fire-skimming experience conjured up profound terror. Over time, that dread had been mostly confined to nightmares where I could still feel the pressure of large hands holding me down. I could still taste the wooden stick jammed into my mouth, muffling my screams. There had been no anaesthetic or sedative powerful enough to stave off, much less dull the pain as liquid lava was poured on my skin. I’d almost died several times in the days that followed, but Parsons remained with me day and night until the worst had passed. Mrs. Bantry, the orphanage’s nurse, had helped, but she was bespelled to think I’d had blood poisoning. Echoes of Parsons’ soothing words eased my rapid breathing, helping me return to the present moment.
Zeke was giving off orders in rapid-fire succession. “….code level 1. Jax, get the lab to produce more healing spells specific to that code” He turned to Shay and Jonah. “Put the community on shut down effective immediately.”
Everyone began giving feedback on particular measures they would oversee. Zeke was providing quick responses, his focus a thousand percent on keeping the community safe.
“And the Koorima?” Jax probed.
He passed a hand over his braided hair. “I’ll locate one and have her brought here ASAP.”
My sense of calm evaporated. Perspiration gathered around my hairline, mouth, and neck, and I folded my arms behind my back to hide the tremors. Zeke offered strong words of support, trust, and encouragement to the others as they filed out of the room before turning his attention to me.
I backed away, desperately in need of space. He seemed to read my body language and sat against Jax’s desk, studiously observing me.
“Jess, you want to tell me what’s going on? To be honest, you’re looking kind of rough there.”
“I’m fine. Must be the anchor thingy.” I inhaled and exhaled discreetly, albeit shakily.
His phone rang, and I turned away to look out the window, quickly rubbing the sweat from my face. To distract myself from the rolling waves of anxiety, I tried to focus on my to-do list by shuffling the top four priorities:
Find out if someone can be fire-skimmed twice in a lifetime.
Verify if that would affect their chances of survival?
Purchase a Death Dupe sleeping potion for the ordeal.
Check if the Koorima or anyone else involved could be harmed in the process?
The distraction was a fail, and I mentally erased the list. I had a decision to make here, either tell Zeke about my cursed origins or keep everything locked down as tight as I’d been doing all along. Neither alternative felt right. I’d been protecting my past for eighteen years because Parsons had drummed into me the importance of total secrecy and I’d kept my promise to never speak of it to anyone.
My emotions were all over the place, so I decided to hold off on divulging anything, at least for now. On the bright side, maybe Zeke wouldn’t be able to locate a Koorima, and the procedure wouldn’t go ahead?
When he ended his call, I turned around to face him. “What’s your plan for me?”
“Until the stamp can be mined from your hand, we need to keep you confined. By that, I mean you are to remain in a high security and impenetrable space with no access to anyone other than myself.”
“Imprisonment,” I stated softly. I understood he was trying to help keep his people safe, and while I didn’t trust him on an intimate level anymore, I did trust him, as the Opilio, to do what was best for the community.
Zeke raised his palms openly. “It sounds awful when you say it like that, but I can assure you, this is only about containment and safekeeping. “It’ll be a comfortable environment, atypical incarceration.”
I shook my head. I didn’t deserve comfort. “I helped her take them all back to Faerie?”
He crossed the room and reached out to take my hand. “Not willingly, but yes.” He brushed his thumb over my fingertips. “I’ll find a way to get the Fae back.” His phone rang again. He quickly checked the screen then pocketed it. “Let’s get you to a more secure location.”
We walked out of the office and took the elevator down to the parking lot. Despite my crimes, Zeke gallantly held open the passenger door. We drove out of the main part of town, but by the time we hit the open road, my curiosity was piqued as this was the way to Willa’s Herb farm, close to where Ivy would be staying. Was that our destination? From the window, I spotted the familiar ocean view of Hank’s Cove. We took a back road and meandered along until he pulled to a stop outside a log cabin on an elevated piece of land. The soothing sound of crashing waves could be heard close by.
Zeke killed the engine. “This was Sam’s hideout, so to speak.”
I pivoted in my seat. “Sam? From the bar?” I didn’t say, the one his sister callously murdered.
“The one and only.” Zeke pressed his lips together in regret before getting out and coming around to my side. Again, he helped me out. “Sam had a studio near the bar, but when he was off, this was his sanctuary.”
I took in the thick beams of notched wood interlocked at the corners of the inviting and comfortable-looking home. Prison was an amazing place by the beach? “I’m to be contained here?”
He shoved his hands deep in his pockets. “The studio is too small, and I don’t think you’d be happy at my place. At least here, you get to see the ocean. “It’ll be warded to impenetrability too.” He produced a key from his pocket. “just in case of an emergency.”
“I get a key to my cell?” I frowned in confusion. “I’m not sure you know how the whole detention thing works.”
“You’ll see, the most difficult part will be being with me almost all of the time.”
“A punishment truly befitting my offenses.”
“I guessed as much,” he retorted, suppressing a smile. “Look, I really don’t want this to be a negative experience for you when it’s the queen who dragged you into this.” He gestured we go inside. “And just for the record, Sam didn’t die here.”
I hadn’t even thought of where the crime occurred. “Oh! Okay, thanks. I appreciate knowing that.”
“His thumb went to caress my cheek before he realized what he was doing and stopped just as his phone rang again. “Have a look inside. Get a feel for the place. It’s basic but cosy.” He turned away to take the call.
There was one big room for the kitchen, dining room, and living room, all of which had an ocean view. It was simple yet soulful; a place where peace could be found amongst the sound of lapping waves and birdsong. A modest single bedroom and separate bathroom gave onto the sandy dunes, making me wonder about the sleeping arrangements. Maybe the couch was a sleep-sofa? I opened the back door, stepped onto the wide deck, and breathed in the refreshing sea breeze. The view, I was certain, would be spectacular no matter the time of day.
“The place will be prepped very shortly,” he said, pocketing his phone. 
“Rock, paper, scissors for the bed?”
He frowned. “There’s no question. The bed is yours.”
“That couch is small, and you’re huge, so unless it can be magically extended, we need to reassess the sleeping arrangements.”
His phone pinged multiple times in quick succession. He checked the screen, grumbling under his breath. “Lily managed to find a portal to Faerie that the queen hasn’t blocked yet.”
“That might be a trap,” I cautioned.
“After what she did, she knows I’m going there to get my Fae back, no matter what.”
‘Why is she doing this?” I asked. “What does she want?”
“In a nutshell? The Yards.” He was unaware Oxana described the community as a dive and that he collected strays. “She’s been desperate to annex this land to her realm for a very long time.”
“But what will she gain through that connection?”
 “Nothing that will satisfy her, that’s for sure,” he harrumphed. “The first time I came here, I knew I wanted this to be the place where I’d build my community. I’d been an Opilio for over a century and had several people under my care, which was fine, all things considered, but my calling drove me to want more. My dream was to have an entire town filled with the outcasts of Otherworld society. I wanted this to be a place of peace and acceptance for those who couldn’t find it amongst their own kind.”
“Well, you certainly achieved that,” I said, impressed. “Everyone dreams of living here.”
He smiled down at me. “Not everyone.” He looked out the window onto the grey ocean. “There was an inlet, right over there,” he pointed to the southernmost tip of the bay. The Kelpies, although water creatures, lived under the queen’s rule. They weren’t happy with her management style - which was damaging their territory - and wanted to join us here. I agreed, in exchange for them maintaining the bay and all aquatic life within. The queen was furious with the Kelpies and refused to negotiate. The Kelpies retaliated by eroding the land at an accelerated pace. Oxana didn’t want to lose a grip on any of her holdings and wasn’t interested in money because she was desperate to build connections in this realm, so she suggested we sign a treaty.”
“And you agreed? Just like that?”
“She’d threatened to slaughter the Kelpies and poison the water. So, yeah, I signed it. But first, I secretly mounted an insurrection in her realm, and promised refuge to all those who wished to leave Faerie. She lost a lot more than her water creatures, and since then, sporadically creates trouble.”
Had my visit to Faerie spurred this latest situation? I winced at the thought, but all I’d done was deliver a document.
“Recently,” he continued, “she’s been trying to block imports of Fae products which harms her people more than us. Still, it’s often through the imports that we get new refugees, so the restrictions are a problem.” A knock sounded at the door. “That’s Jimmy. She’s taking myself and Lily to the portal.” He paused as if hesitant to leave. “You’ll be safe here until we get back. The witches are on their way to reinforce the protective wards.”
Jimmy knocked again then hollered through the door, “Y’all so slow, you’d gain weight walking. Now let’s get goin’.”
Zeke headed to the door but turned around just as he pulled it open. “Oh, almost forgot. I found a Koorima. She’ll be available in about ten days. We’ll set up the appointment when I get back from Faerie. I shouldn’t be gone long.” He hesitated for a moment, as if he wanted to move closer, but seemed to think better of it and left.
Sheer terror coursed through me. Being fire-skimmed again was tipping the scales on what I could cope with. I mean, I was handling the weight of being a mage, of Zeke’s dalliance with Essanne, of being a pariah in his community, but being used as an anchor so the queen could abduct her own people, and having to undergo indescribable pain to remove the anchor, those could be the very things that would break me. 
I felt I’d no control over what was happening to me, no decision-making power. I was being told what to do and where to go, trapped by invisible restraints that were cutting off my airway. I bolted out the back door and gripped the deck’s wooden railing. Taking long deep breaths to off set the anxiety, I remembered the 3-3-3 rule. Three things I could hear, feel, and see.
Lapping waves, the wind rustling the dry grassy dunes, and the tintinnabulation of metal chimes blowing in the breeze.
My hands against the worn wood, the wind in my hair, and, after slipping off my shoes, my bare feet on the ground.
A lounge chair, the soft glow of the cabin light coming through the window, and the shimmering stars adorning the night sky.
Feeling better, albeit shaky, I sagged to the floor.
How long I stayed there, I couldn’t say, but I knew exactly when the witches had reinforced the wards because they were powerful enough to whip my hair back off my face and give me goosebumps. The sensation lasted all of a few seconds, but the feel of heavy invisible bars surrounding the cottage had me retreating inside.
My phone buzzed with incoming messages. Ling sent a text to say Zeke offered him a station at Inkspot for the duration of the mage’s training, and he’d let me know once he’d made a decision. Semyon had sent several texts, saying I was expected at the Dragos function tonight. Because I hadn’t responded fast enough, his tone had gone from demanding to snappish. The last message indicated he was having the appropriate attire delivered, and no substitutes would be tolerated. 
I gritted my teeth at his domineering and controlling attitude. This felt like repayment of four favours, not one. My curt response was, ‘The Yards has shut down. Nobody is getting in or out. I added a brief description of what he could do with himself if he didn’t like that. Less than thirty minutes later, an envelope was slipped under the cabin door, embossed with a large green stamp, which read Elf Express. Adjacent to that was The Yards crest with the words ‘delivery approved.’
This was like what, the fourth envelope in less than a week? Were the stationary gods stalking me? Opening it, I removed a gold embossed card which simply read, Wear it. Wear what? Did Semyon send this? Maybe something was left on the porch? Peering through the adjacent window, I spotted, on the stoop, an elegant black box wrapped with a gold pull bow. There didn’t seem to be any elves or anyone about, so I opened the door, grabbed the parcel, secured the locks then carried it to the bedroom.
The black one-piece pantsuit with a delicate, diamond-encrusted belt was exquisite. The material was of a quality so superior it had to be Fae-made. Coincidentally, it was my exact size. Matching the bejewelled waistband and nestled under the outfit was a pair of four-inch designer pumps. Tossing the items aside, I snatched my phone and shot a message to Semyon asking if he’d sent the outfit. His reply repeated the same two words on the card ─ wear it.
The vampire was delusional if he thought I’d dress up just because he demanded it. I wouldn’t put it past him to have riddled the garb with dodgy enchantments. But the newly installed wards around the cabin would definitely have detected the presence of malevolent magic and destroyed the box before it even crossed the porch. Still, I needed to do some scanning of my own just to be sure. Pulling a small pouch of ink from my jacket pocket, I dabbed a few grains of powder onto the sole of the shoe, whispering, ‘Revelare.’ A halo of blue appeared, forming an arrow that hovered over the garment for a moment before disappearing.
Arrows were always associated with travel spells, which explained how the package was sent. Satisfied that this wasn’t a booby trap, I decided to play the situation to my advantage and informed Semyon that by my wearing the outfit, our business deal was fulfilled. 
An eye-roll emoji popped up on my screen, followed by a sarcastic, Yes, Dear. This officially concludes our business, Dear.
The emoticon I sent back depicted what I thought he was full of.
A few minutes later, I stepped into the luxurious jumpsuit, secured the pants at my waist then slipped on the elegant shoes. Pushing my arms through the top part, I was thankful it was chic and comfortable, not trashy or low-cut. I closed the side zip, then clipped the belt into place. A blinding flash of light exploded around the room, the scent of Fae magic permeated the air, and I couldn’t help but curse Semyon aloud while being sucked through a shimmering portal.


“Glad you could make it,” Semyon grinned as I stumbled to get my footing. He was standing in a parking lot, dressed in a tuxedo with a large cocktail of blood in his hand.
“Where the hell am I?” I balked.
“Why, Raven’s Bluff,” he beamed, motioning to the vast grounds with his arm. “Home to our Queen, Jett Dragos.”
Raven’s Bluff was an extensive manor perched on a secluded clifftop overlooking the ocean and was situated some two hundred kilometres north of The Yards. I’d visited the place once several years ago when I’d dropped off a supply of ink at some obscure loading dock far from the opulent entrance. I remembered how the winding, tree-lined road leading to the residence was eerie and unwelcoming, with surly armed guards manning two checkpoints along the way. My paperwork and ink were thoroughly checked at each barrier.
“What possessed you to bring me here?” I shouldn’t have been able to leave the cabin.
“No need to panic, Jess.” He took a long sip of his beverage. “It’s Queen Dragos’ birthday, and your presence was required.”
“I don’t give a damn whose birthday it is. I need to be returned immediately!” The anchor in my hand could have Oxana latching onto me again like some emo octopus and stealing more Fae.
“Hey! Calm down,” he barked menacingly. His sudden mood swing indicated he was probably wasted again. “The event began over an hour ago. Why weren’t you on time?”
“I never agreed to come.” My eyes darted about, trying to spot an escape route.
He continued as if I hadn’t even spoken. “And why in Jupiter’s name are you not coiffed properly? I sent you a very expensive outfit for tonight. The least you could do is prep accordingly.”
 “Given I’ve just been kidnapped, I’ll say being dressed is a win.”
His chin tilted upwards imperiously. “Well, your lack of effort is an insult to her majesty.”
I’d had enough tiptoeing around mercurial monarchs imposing their shit on me. “The agreement was to try on the outfit in order to end our business deal not party with the undead.”
I pivoted in the opposite direction, ready to head back on foot if necessary. It would probably take me an entire day to get back to The Yards – not easy in these heels – but I’d do it barefoot rather than stay here. His hand clenched my wrist, painfully yanking me back toward the manor.
“This way,” he ground out.
Panic seized me. “Semyon! Let me go!” I struggled to get out of his grasp, but I was no match for someone with vampire strength. “I want no part of this!”
“Well, it is happening whether you like it or not.”
“No wonder you’re single.”
“It’s my superpower,” he smiled lustfully. “Now come on, or we’ll be late for supper.”
“What’s so damn important that you had to drag me here against my will?”
“Because, Sweet Jess, you’re on the menu tonight.”

“Step this way, please,” the heavily armed, uniformed guard, a clone of all those I’d already passed on my way in, beckoned me forward. His sharp eyes, shaved head, and bulky frame screamed military training. I’d put money on him being a bite-first-ask-questions-later type.
The entrance to the queen’s abode was set up similarly to an airport’s security system. Opulence and antique décor wasn’t her style. If one was to believe the ever-churning rumour mill, she was extremely powerful and absolutely lethal, but given what I’d seen so far, I had my doubts. There were guards and cameras everywhere, making it feel like I was trying to gain access to the Vatican’s secret archives. I’d already passed two biometric scanners, one ocular, the other a palm print. I was at my third checkpoint and was only fifteen feet inside the front door.
It begged the question, what did the queen fear?
“Stop right there, please.” The guard held out a palm as I stood inside, what I believed, was a full-body scanner. He quickly donned a pair of orange-lens goggles, and the hydraulic drone of a small motor hummed for a few seconds before coming to an abrupt stop. Blue ultra-violet lights lit up the floor, as well as the glass encasing me. His eyes trailed across a computer screen, reading whatever information the machine was feeding him. I felt stressed and wondered if my vitals were being recorded. The galloping rhythm of my heart might raise suspicion.
After pulling off the safety glasses, he motioned me forward. “This way, please.” He offered me just enough room to exit the scanner. “Remove the jewellery.”
“But it’s not a weapon,” I explained. “You’ve scanned everywhere, including behind my eye-balls. I’m not armed.”
“It’s mandatory procedure, M’am,” he explained with a firm tone.
I reluctantly removed the moonstone necklace, and carefully placed it inside a metal box, an impatient sigh escaping me.
“Semyon Iamia may escort you from here.”
“I don’t get it back?”
His head shook. “When Her Majesty has excused you, then you may recuperate your personal item.”
“What the hell is going on, Semyon?” I grumbled.
He ignored my question, his fingers rapidly keying a message on his phone. “She should be sending for us momentarily.”
“How come you’re texting each other? Aren’t all ancient Otherworlders technology-adverse?”
“Jett’s not that ancient. You must be thinking of those Realm reps. Cynical lot.”
“So you’re on a first-name basis with the queen.”
“Jett and I have known each other for a long time.” He suppressed a smile, “I am amiable, Jess. I think you’re about the only one who finds me so intolerable.”
Another uniformed guard appeared from a corridor on the left. “Semyon Iamia, Miss Darrows, if you’ll follow me, please. Her Majesty will see you now.”
The high-security theme continued throughout the short walk to the queen’s office area. Even the doors to this room were custom-built with heavy reinforced steel. I stepped into a large, sparsely furnished but colourful room. Two burnt-orange sofas faced each other with a deep mahogany coffee table in between. Exquisite tapestries depicting garden scenes, battles, and even unicorns lined the stone walls. Four vampire guards flanked the monarch who occupied one of the couches. Her son, prince Tallon, sat to her right, his immense size dwarfing the stalwart woman. She wore a tailored, fire-engine red pants suit made of the highest quality threads. Her curly black hair was tamed into a neat bun that sat at the nape of a thick, muscular neck. Her strong angular face was expertly made up, cleverly concealing imperfections that, from here, appeared to be hundreds of small craters or scars. Her thin lips were coated in a glossy, bright red lipstick, but despite the glamorous façade, she was a terrifyingly fierce sight to behold.
“Ah, there you are, Semyon,” she smiled, but it lacked mirth. “And who is this?” 
She knew all too well who I was, but I decided to play the game.“Your Majesty,” I greeted with a slight bow, unsure of the meeting protocol for vamp royalty. “My name is Jessica Darrows. I would like to wish you a happy birthday.”
“Semyon, you didn’t say you had a new feeder.” Tallon offered smarmily while eyeing me like I was a piece of rare filet mignon.
“Jett,” Semyon bowed, ignoring the prince’s statement, “I have a very special gift for you.”
The queen leaned away, a look of disgust crossing her features. “I have no use for the girl.”
“And I’m not on the menu,” I shot back, affronted.
“Your Majesty, I present to you the first ink mage to emerge in over two thousand years,” Semyon announced like one presenting a baby lion to a crowd of jungle creatures. The reaction was immediate. Both royals stood abruptly, talking simultaneously about the impossibility of such a thing and how everything they’d heard was all rumours, but at the same time, both were mesmerized at the likelihood that I was, indeed, an entity controller.
Semyon, obviously pleased at their reaction, continued. “Do you wish to consume her blood? I believe it has great curative powers.”
“Not happening!” I protested. “I’m not agreeing─”
“You lie,” Tallon objected while pointing a finger at Semyon. “She’s just a witch. I can smell it off her.”
Jett shushed him maternally before addressing Semyon. “How do I know this isn’t a hoax?”
“Because I will drink from her first,” Semyon promised.
“The hell you will,” I swore, stepping away. Several vampire guards hissed viciously, poised to attack.
“Forgive Jess,” Semyon continued suavely. “She was not informed of her rank amongst us and sees herself as our equal.” Guffaws of laughter ensued. “We are not here tonight to educate her but to avail of her powers, although I do believe Tallon would need more than one mage to cure his sickness.” More peals of laughter rang out.
So the queen was ill? What malady could she be suffering from? She appeared to be the picture of health. 
The royal frowned. “And you are certain the girl is honourable? I mean, as Tallon pointed out, she is a witch and could have bespelled you.”
“I assure you, I am under no spell. But allow me to taste her first, so you may see for yourselves.”
I shot daggers at Semyon for dragging me into this circus. “You’re out of your mind if you think─”
“─that I won’t compensate you?” Semyon’s arm circled my shoulder, squeezing it uncomfortably. “You’ll be paid quite adequately, my dear. Fear not.” He then addressed the queen. “Jess’ blood can heal the poison plaguing your system. One drink from her, and it will disappear, I’m certain of it. And I, in turn, will be healed of the bloodlust claiming me.”
Tallon growled. “Her blood could very well heal you but then kill Mother. What guarantee can you give that you won’t endanger your queen’s life?”
Semyon’s fangs were suddenly in my neck, slicing my skin like a butcher’s knife through a carcass. He hadn’t even thought to numb the pain, and I could only assume it was because his thirst was riding him hard. Any sound of protest I made was smothered by his hand gripping my throat tightly. After several lengthy gulps, Tallon shoved him away. His gesture wasn’t protective but fuelled by greed to have his share. Semyon smiled stupidly, staggered backwards, then collapsed on the couch and passed out.
Tallon growled menacingly. “You’re a dead witch if you’ve harmed so much as a hair on his head.”
“I’m the one being drained against my will, Dick-head.”
“Mother?” Tallon ignored me and invited the queen to feast on my blood by tilting my head at an awkward angle, exposing my throat, which still dripped blood.
She eyed Semyon’s prone form with derision. “I’ll pass, for now, son. I prefer to see how he fares when he comes to.” She stood, motioning the guards to escort her. “But, by all means, help yourself and have some fun,” she offered affectionately.
After she’d left the room, Tallon trailed his tongue along my neck, collecting the dripping burgundy liquid.“Mmmhhmm,” he groaned pleasurably before pivoting me to face him. “I treat all my pets with the utmost care.” He beamed a wide predatory smile. “If you’re good and behave, I may even introduce you to the elite of the Royal Court.”
I’d rather cut a troll’s toenails. “Couldn’t give a damn.” I jerked out of his hold. “I’ve no intention of staying with the likes of you.”
He cut me off before I could open the door then leaned against it, preventing me from leaving. His eyes travelled across my features as if searching for a solution to a puzzle. “You’re either extremely cunning or extremely clueless when it comes to Otherworlder politics.”
I sighed audibly. I was so ready for this night to be over. “Look, I’m loaded up on garlic bread, and I just bathed in holy water, so get out of my way if you don’t want to end up like your pickled pal there.”
“Know. Your. Rank. Witch,” he hissed, all semblance of charm gone. “You’re speaking with a member of the royal court. Do you realize I’m offering you the opportunity and privilege to spend time with me, to become my pet? It’s not something you should refuse because here, on my land, court law dictates I take what I want, as is my right.”
Here was another bully who coerced and threatened those he deemed weaker. I wondered if his so-called pets were innocent women he’d enslaved. He was probably used to having people cave under his intimidation tactics, but not me, not with a powerful mage within me. Still, I’d try to extricate myself from this without causing an incident with the Court. Taking the high road and all that.
“I am a branded member of The Yards, as such, your law does not apply to me, so my answer to being your pet is a firm, no. Goodnight.”
My face was shoved against the door. Darkness danced around my vision as pain shot through my jaw. His body pressed up against mine, and I felt how ready he was to ‘take’ what he wanted. 
“I wasn’t asking,” he snarled.
“Get the hell off of me, Tallon. I said, no.”
He only laughed and became even more aggressive. I was scared out of my wits and no match for him physically. Casting a spell without ink wouldn’t work either, so I called on my mage, begging for help. As his hands jerked my head to the side and his frigid nose trailed along my neck, I roared inwardly for her to come forward. It felt like a lifetime before I felt her awaken, but it had probably only been seconds. Still, her presence rushing to the fore was such a relief I almost cried. Not wasting a second, I immediately drove my knee backwards to wallop his junk, but his reflexes were fast, and he dodged the blow. He couldn’t avoid the quick punch I threw at his throat, but the jab lacked force. It was as if my mage wasn’t even present. Why wasn’t she defending me? Had she left me? Fear of what Tallon was capable of inflicting made my blood run cold. Smelling my terror ignited his lust to the point where he grunted and began dry humping me. Giving it one last try, I pushed my leg against the door and shoved him away with all my might. He moved about an inch before steadying himself, then pinned my back to his chest and bit down savagely on my neck, tearing into the skin like a crazed animal.
My scream was muffled under his large palm. The guards were inconspicuously absent but probably wouldn’t have offered any assistance anyway. As he gulped loudly, guzzling my blood like I was a damn slurpie, his hands pulled roughly at my breasts, and I feared this was only the beginning of my nightmare. Tears ran down my cheeks as I begged my mage for help. I pleaded with her to give me the strength to fight him off. To kill the bastard!
“Stop!!!!” I commanded in a tone of voice that was not quite mine.
He suddenly stilled, hands dropping to his sides, becoming completely motionless. I scrambled out of the way, shaking violently, as I tried to fix my torn and bloodied clothes. My mage smiled inwardly, contentment flowing through her.
Why? I sobbed. Why did you not help me sooner? I trembled like a leaf in the wind, but she filled me with a strong sense of calm. The shivering quickly abated, and I began to regain some semblance of control. I felt her chin tilt upwards as she spoke through me. “Leech,” she snapped.
Tallon pivoted toward her voice, standing straight, almost robotically. “Yes, Mage.” There was more blood on him than me, and that was saying something.
“You stole my blood. You touched what wasn’t given to you.”
“Yes, Mage,” he repeated.
“Do you know what that means?”
“No, Mage.”
“It means my blood is in you, and so is my magic. You no longer control your actions or movements, I do.”
“Yes, Mage.”
“Why did you ignore Jess when she told you to stop? When she told you no?”
“Mother said I could have fun. That I could take you in whatever way I pleased. ”
“You will go to your mother, and while you say “the mage is having fun,” you will plunge a dagger through your heart. Is that clear?” 
“Yes, Mage.”
 “Now go.” My mage smiled, satisfied that justice was served. I explained how I feared this could spark a war between the Vamps and The Yards. But my mage would not negotiate or retract the punishment; I knew that beyond a shadow of a doubt.
As we watched Tallon leave, I felt something burning on my hand and cried out in pain. All of a sudden, the room became blindingly bright. I felt, more than saw, multiple people entering the room and thought Jett Dragos had sent her guards to kill me. When the light finally dimmed, my eyes widened with surprise to see Oxana Tulipa and seven warriors armed to the teeth and ready for battle.
Are you kidding me???? What had I done to The Fates to deserve this circus?? 
“Where the Hell am I?!” she demanded imperiously. “This isn’t the Yards!”
Her eyes snapped to mine, her face a picture of mental instability. “My husband’s mate,” she spat venomously.
Mate? What was she going on about? “I’m not mated to anyone. You’ve got the wrong person,” I explained evenly while inching toward the door.
She continued as if I hadn’t spoken. “Well, believe me, you won’t be his for long. Zeke Bai will be mourning your loss this very day.”
Zeke? Married to the queen? No way! That couldn’t be. He’d have told me for sure. The door burst open, a hoard of vampires spilling in, Jett Dragos included. One of her guards was holding Tallon’s rapidly disintegrating body. There was a short pause where everyone stood still, sizing each other up, right before Jett roared, “ATTACK!!!”
Vampires and Fae collided in a melee of extreme violence. I tried to slip away but was yanked to Oxana’s side by the anchor in my hand. She latched onto my wrist just before stepping through a portal she’d effortlessly conjured, then dragged me along with her like some worthless rag doll.
I twisted and pinched her fingers, even pounded her wrists and kicked her shins in an effort to free myself, but it was as if she was made of stone. “He’s going to see you hang,” she cackled. “I’ll do the lynching myself.”
I wasn’t sure how far we travelled. I only knew when we stopped because we’d collided with what felt like a solid steel wall. Dazed from the impact, I tried to get my bearings while the queen, cursed venomously while pounding on the portal’s sphere. Her head whipped around, lips puckered, eyes dancing with madness.
“What did you do?” She spat. “It’s blocked!” She threw her hands back and blasted magic at it that was so strong, it felt like a bomb detonated throwing me around like a pinball before everything stilled. Nauseous, blinded, and deaf, I stumbled about like a newborn foal trying to find a way out. I’d taken just a few steps when I bumped into something, then found myself free-falling into nothingness as a scream tore from my throat.
Landing wasn’t painful, as I alit on something soft and fluffy, akin to a thick ball of cotton. Sitting up, I noticed the place seemed familiar. A lamppost in the distance cast a glow over the almost-reconstructed diner. The wooden picnic tables were brand new and the copse of trees surrounding the rest area had been trimmed of any damaged branches. I was back at Pete’s Pit-Stop.
There was no sign of the queen or the portal either. I wasn’t sure how I managed to get off the ride to Faerie, but I was grateful because, without a doubt, it would have been a one-way trip.
“An’ there y’are,” a small lilting voice said from behind me.
Whipping around, I noticed a diminutive woman ─ a fairy for sure ─ but of a type, I didn’t recognize. She was wearing an oversized hat that had seen better days, and the knee-length burlap dress hugging her rotund form was covered by a soiled apron. In her thin hand, she carried an old dairy pitcher, the contents of which she sprinkled liberally around the base of the trees as she approached. Her warm smile felt familiar, as if we once knew each other a long time ago. I’d no idea why I thought that when I’d never met her before.
She beckoned me to follow her. “Come along, hen. Let’s be getting a cuppa tea into ya.”
She turned away and seemed to be disappearing down an invisible staircase. When all that remained of her form was her head, I snapped out of my stupor. “I’m sorry, who are you?”
“Ah sure, just a wee old friend,” she replied with a knowing smile. “This gate won’t be stayin’ open long. Best ye be coming.”
Hopping up, I followed the strange fairy into the ground, descending on steps of hardened earth.
We ended up in a warm and inviting one-roomed circular cottage. A fire glowed in a simple hearth with a cauldron perched in the center. Its tantalizing contents bubbled, causing drops of broth to fall with little hisses onto the burning logs. The walls were covered in herbs hanging in neat bunches from rickety shelves, and the floor was a wonderful mix of smooth river stones. Dozens of tiny lanterns suspended from the thatched ceiling accentuated the cozy vibe.
“Your home is lovely,” I offered politely, wondering if the place ever received natural light.
“Ooh thank ye, hen,” she cooed. “Let’s get some hearty stew an’ fresh bread in us while we’re getting caught up.”
The fairy pulled two bowls from the mantle top, plucked a ladle from a forged stand beside the fireplace, and filled us each a heaping bowl From a drawer below the mantle, she retrieved a linen-covered object and unwrapped a steaming loaf of bread.
“Sit yerself down,” she gestured to something behind me. Another armchair identical to the one angled toward the hearth appeared.
It was only when she handed me the bowl and chunk of bread that I realized I had shrunk down to her size.
She smiled as I took in the metamorphosis. “Tis only while you’re down here, otherwise I’d nae fit ye in.”
I settled into the comfy chair and began to eat the best stew I’d ever tasted. “May I ask your day name?” Fairies were renowned for keeping their true name a secret and only provided an alternative known as a day-name.
“Aye, tis Avens. Like the mountain flower,” she added with an infectious giggle.
“Pleased to meet you, Avens. I’m Jess Darrows.”
“Oh aye, I know ye,” she replied, her smile fading, replaced with sad affection. “I’ve known ye while ye were still in yer mother’s belly, way before ye took yer first breath in this world.”
Mouth agape with shock, I put the stew aside. “You knew my mother?” Finally, I was on the cusp of knowing who had thrown me away and why?
“I’ll nae be telling ye a thing if ye don’t keep eating.” Avens eyed my full bowl. When she saw me spooning the food into my mouth at a faster pace, she shook her head, laughing. “Dunnae be choking yerself, hen. I’ll be telling ye it all, but I don’t want ye leavin’ food. I can nae stand waste.”
“Of course,” I replied and slowly dipped the bread into the broth.
“The first time I saw yer mama, her belly was startin’ to show. She was about five months into her pregnancy, but I’d never met a more angry woman in all my life, and I’ve lived a long time. She’d wanted me to make a potion to end yer life.”
“Did she say why?” I whispered, wondering what had happened to make her want to terminate. Not that I was against termination, but a part of me needed answers.
“Nay. I felt her belly and knew she’d already tried to get rid of ye herself, but it did nae work. She’d hexed ye to death, but yer heart beat strongly beneath my hand. Yer magic was the most powerful force I’d ever felt. I did nae think she knew how much magic was in ye, and I was nae goin’ to tell her either. So, I just said there’d be no preventing the birth.”
“Why did you feel it best to keep that to yourself?” I inquired, curious.
“T’was me gut tellin’ me. Anyway, she threw a right fit when she knew ye’d be born. Went on rantin’ an ravin’ about how useless I was ‘cause I could nae help her. When she finally calmed down, she told me to be there to deliver the child and give the potion that’d kill it.”
I couldn’t help but look away as water threatened to spill down my cheeks. What was so bad that my very existence wouldn’t be tolerated? 
Avens seemed to pick up on my thoughts and tried to console me. “Tis nae easy to hear, hen, I know.”
“Did she tell you why she wanted me dead?”
“I learned, sorta by accident, that the father rejected the babe and her. But before I go into that, I want ye to know that I agreed to give the potion nae to kill ye, but to save ye because if I did nae intervene, she’d a done it herself with her bare hands.” Her eyes fell to my empty bowl. “More broth?”
“Uh, no thank you.” With what she’d just recounted, I felt ready to puke.
“Well, I think I’ll have another wee bit meself,” she smiled then hobbled about preparing the extra portion. Anxious to hear the rest of the story, I watched her every move until she was seated across from me.
“Where was I?” She mumbled, adding a bit of salt to her broth.
“My mother wanted you to poison me,” I prompted.
“Right ye are. I told her the child needed to go to another region before I could give the draught because the laws in the Bayside territory would have me executed for such an offense.”
“And she believed you?”
“Aye.” Avens ate her broth and bread before continuing. “She was desperate and saw me as a last resort.”
“Did you see her often during the pregnancy?”
“Once every full moon. I was her only visitor as she’d hidden herself away in a small run-down cottage on the other side of the city. Nobody seemed to know of her predicament. When the day came to deliver ye, it was the first time I’d seen her perk up. Not smiling or anything like that, but just….” Avens searched for the right word, “hopeful, I’d say.”
“Was I the result of a sexual assault for her to hate me so much?”
“Nae, child. I’d tried to gently pry information from her about what type of Otherworlder ye were, under the guise of needing to brew a potion specific to yer species. Eventually, she admitted she had nae idea what ye could be, but she guessed ye’d most likely be part witch. When I asked about the conception, she’d nae tell me a thing only that she had agreed to be a surrogate, but there’d been a change of plan.”
“A surrogate,” I parroted. “I thought only humans did that, not Otherworlders.”
“Aye,” Avens agreed. “Anyway, the birth was long, and painful, despite her taking the strongest of elixirs. At one point, she passed out from exhaustion, and while I was settling the bed linen around her, I came across a letter tucked under her pillow. I believe it was from yer father, and it was obvious she’d loved him and told him several times, but he did nae feel the same way. He’d changed his mind about the child and was retracting all support initially agreed on. No reason was given, but he told her in the most horrible and cruel way how worthless she and the child were to him.”
What a bastard! I hated to think I shared any DNA with this morally reprehensible douche bag. “Did he sign his name on the letter?”
She shook her head. “T’was a strange symbol. Not something I recognized.”
“Would you be able to draw it?”
“I’ll have to root around in me memories later and see if I can remember anything. I’ll make no promises, though. T’was a long time ago, and the letter was nae a priority.”
“I understand,” I added, grateful for any help she could provide. “So what happened after I was born?”
“Well,” Avens sighed, “the instant I’d cut the cord, and despite her exhaustion, she went berserk, swearing and screaming about wanting to strangle ye. I’d swaddled ye up in a blanket and kept ye behind a protective shield. When she’d calmed down, I left her a mirror and said I would send her an image of yer lifeless body when she scryed at the next full moon.”
“Why not just take a photograph?”
“We do nae trust technology,” Avens replied, baffled I had to ask such a thing. “I moved around for a few days, ensuring I was nae followed. When ye were only five days old, I put the final part of my plan into place. I came across a dumpster overflowing with packaging debris and placed ye on top. I cast a spell to change the shade of yer skin to something more death-like and placed a mirror over yer face, then sent that image to yer mother. I quickly removed the spell, cradled ye in my arms, then brought ye to the steps of The Hills Academy & Orphanage. I waited in the shadows, watching vigilantly until ye were picked up. I did nae know Parsons back then, but the moment he’d laid eyes on ye, the way he’d cradled ye,” her voice broke with emotion, “the way he’d wrapped his jacket around ye,” she continued, “I knew he would always care for ye.”
My eyes were leaking like an over-filled tub. “Thank you Avens,” I whispered. “Thank you for my saving my life and for leading me to Parsons. He’s been the best father I could’ve asked for.”
Avens’ shoulders slumped as if a decades-old weight was lifted, “I’m so happy to hear that, child. I was nae sure if I was doing the right thing in leaving ye. Once a year, I’d sneak a peek at ye. I saw things weren’t always easy, but ye fought on, never gave up like the fighter I knew ye’d be.”
“I never had any inclination you were close by. I would have loved to have met you back then,” I admitted wistfully. There had been many lonely days growing up.
“Aye, I would have too, child, very much so.” The fairy’s’ eyes brimmed with emotion. “I’ve never had wee ones of me own, so I suppose some little part of me felt like ye were mine.” Our hands automatically reached out to one another. “Wee one, ye were me biggest challenge but me endless reward and I thank our Goddess every day for bringing us together.”
When she kissed my forehead, I sensed the fathomless love she held in her heart for me, and for the first time ever, I felt what it was to have a mother’s love.
“So, I guess my birth mom saw the image and believed I was dead?”
“Aye, a few weeks later, she confirmed she’d received the image of the deceased child, and that was the end of our communications.”
“How old do you think she was when she had me?”
Avens thought on that for a long moment. “I’d say no more than sixteen, but being a shifter, she was most likely older.”
“A shifter?” I was most definitely a witch. Without a doubt, there wasn’t an iota of shifter in me.
“Aye. Ye weren’t her child, biologically speaking, but ye were definitely a witch or wizard’s offspring.”
“What was her name? Or do you know where she might be now?”
“I still have the mirror used to message her during the pregnancy. If ye want, ye can see her as she was at that age.”
“Yes,” I gushed. “That’d be great, thanks.”
Avens disappeared behind a partition I hadn’t noticed before. When she returned, she was holding a silver handheld mirror to her bosom, her expression dour. “Child,” she said softly, “I donnae know what this will bring ye, all I can say is, while ye may not be this woman’s flesh and blood, by Otherworlder law, she is yer mother because she bore ye and all that is hers is yers. So, do with it what ye may.”
“Uhm….okay?” I replied, unsure as to why her tone seemed solemn all of a sudden. She passed the mirror to me, and an instant later, I was looking at a woman I already recognized. Her black hair fell around her shoulders in silky waves, her face devoid of the absolute bitterness it held today, but her eyes were still the same cold reptilian slits I knew belonged to Vivian from Snake Bite.
Chapter 8

“Ye know her, lass?” Avens inquired, perplexed. Vivian was my surrogate? Never in a million years would I have guessed such a thing.
“Unfortunately, yes.”
I explained everything that had happened over the last year. Being fined for my so-called involvement in Bossman’s death, how Vivian had her troll employee, Paz, break my arm for a late payment to her crime-lord friend and being accused of murders Zeke’s sister had committed but pinned on me.
“Och, that’s terrible, hen,” she sympathized. “I was nae here when all that was happenin’. I was in Faerie trying to help out with my family. In fact, I’d just gotten back and was crossing these woods when I saw ye out front at the picnic tables.”
“You did?” I smiled. “But it’s been years since my school days.”
“I was there the day ye left the Academy, all grown up and going out into the world. I’d marvelled at how ye’d turned into a lovely young lass, and ye haven’t changed all that much since.” Avens magicked away the bowls, bread, and even the cauldron. “I can nae say the same for yer mother. She turned out to be a right nasty one.”
I couldn’t help but feel that Vivian being rejected so cruelly by the man she loved somehow made her bitter and surly as a means to avoid further heartache. Then I thought about the illegal business she conducted in Snake Bite and knew those were her choices and had nothing to do with being jilted.
Avens continued. “From what I’ve seen over the years, she’s always had her own interests at heart, much like that vampire that was with ye the other day. A bad egg he is. But I got him, I did.”
“You did?” My voice went up an octave at the danger she’d put herself in. “How? Why?”
“He was nae respecting ye. Pushed ye into Faerie and clocked yer wolf.”
“What?” I hissed. “He actually hit Eli?”
“Oh aye. Yer wolf did nae like how he’d shoved ye, and growled at him, but the vamp lashed out quick as a light and kicked his flank, hard. He even tried to give him a second boot, but I fixed him well ‘n good.”
She leaned back in her chair, nodded her head with pride, then conjured a pipe, the sweet tobacco already smouldering within. After drawing in and watching the smoke float upwards, her eyes twinkled mischievously.
That’s when it dawned on me, “you made him have bloodlust, right?”
“Oh aye,” she laughed wheezily. “I said, if ye like kicking things so much, try kicking this,” her hand shot out to mimic the spell. “Hit him with a Sanguinary Sitient spell right in the gob.”
Avens was extraordinarily brave to tackle an ancient vampire when even a massive shifter wouldn’t confront someone like Semyon. “I saw him the other day. He doesn’t remember what happened. Would that be normal for such a spell?”
She pondered the question for a moment. “It was given with a good wallop and in close range, so I’m not surprised he can nae remember.”
“Well, he’s definitely addicted and unable to ‘kick’ the habit, just as you predicted. Tonight, he tricked me into going to Jett Dragos’ castle so that he, Jett, and her son Tallon could drink my blood.” I motioned to my messy clothes, explaining how he believed I could heal the three of them and how after Semyon got his dose, he passed out, then Tallon tried to take more. My voice trailed off as I recalled his fangs tearing into my neck, his hands mauling my breasts. “Anyway, I got him to dagger himself in front of Jett. Then Oxana Tulipa showed up and yanked me away from the castle, said she was bringing me back to Faerie, but something happened while passing through the portal, and I landed at the Drive-thru.”
“Vampires,” Avens shook her head. “Some are right psychos, so good on ye for sorting one of them out - permanently. Greedy lot. I should’ve hit that Semyon fella with somethin’ harder than bloodlust. 
“I’ve a feeling this might situation humble him a bit.”
“Aye, maybe,” she smiled. “But what the Fae queen was doin’ there is baffling me.”
“She put an anchor into my hand so she could transfer herself into the Yards and kidnap the Fae refugees living there. Zeke went with Lily Trengaf, the banshee, to Faerie to confront her, but they mustn’t have found her if she managed to anchor herself to me again.”
“Zeke Bai is the queen’s man,” Avens noted. “He hasn’t been to Faerie in an age. If Tulipa is kidnapping Fae refugees, then that’s a breach of the treaty signed on their wedding day.”
My shoulders sagged, but inside, it felt like my whole body wilted. This was the second time in a few hours I’d heard of his nuptials. The odds of it being a coincidence were unlikely, so I had to conclude that he was indeed Oxana’s husband. “When did he marry her?” I wasn’t proud of the tremble in my voice and cleared my throat while glancing away.
“In Faerie, time is different, so it’s difficult to say. But I may have something….” She hobbled to the partition again and returned with another mirror. “I remember it as if it was yesterday. It brought the realm so much hope.” Passing me the magical object, she continued, “We were sure the union would help bring a peaceful, brighter future. After so many years of strife…”
I no longer heard her words. My heart pinched as my eyes alit on an illustration that looked straight from the Garden of Eden ─ pre apple drama. Surrounded by lush foliage, hundreds of different species of Fae lined a path, cheering joyfully while throwing petals toward the radiant couple. Smiling widely and exuding happiness, Oxana wore a magnificent floral wreath on her head as her thigh-length platinum hair cascaded over her naked white skin. Clasping her hand was an equally ecstatic-looking Zeke. His golden locks weren’t plaited atop a Mohawk as they were today, but wild blonde curls fell loosely about his broad shoulders. His body was masculine perfection, and almost all of it was on display. Like Oxana, he wore no clothes, although he had placed a large palm leaf over his man bits. How it was held in place, I couldn’t say, but double-sided tape was probably not available in Faerie. They looked perfectly matched as they walked past the mirror’s frame and disappeared.
Any lingering doubts about his marital status evaporated like a puddle of water under the desert sun. Why would he do this? Why didn’t he have the decency to tell me the truth? Why did he say he’d go to Hell and back for me, even go so far as to insist we were fated mates, yet omit being married. Was I that easy to fool, to manipulate? All I had done was open my heart, and now, emotionally, it felt like a storm levelled the place – storm Zeke. I stood in the middle, observing the damage. Reconstruction would take a long time, but one part was beyond repair; the door. That thing was closed shut, access denied. And if he ever uttered a single word to me about fate, destiny and all that crap, I’d scream like a Banshee.
“They appear very happy.” I returned the mirror while forcing a smile into place, pushing everything below the surface.
“Oh, keep it, lass.” Avens pressed it back into my hand. “I have no use for it. Besides, ye know him personally. Maybe ye can show it to him,” she chortled briefly as a glimpse of mischievousness twinkled in her eye.
Having this proof of his paradisiacal wedding day might put an end to his baloney about us being mates. “Thank you. I think I will.”
“Good. Now, ye’ve had a long evening, so I’ll let ye get some rest.” She’d conjured up an opening to a lovely bedroom off to the left of the stairs we’d descended a few hours earlier. “I have Ban coming over with some clothes for ye.”
“Thank you, but I really should leave. Staying here is putting your life at risk. The queen could easily find me again.” The Yards was the last place I wanted to be, but until the anchor was removed, I was a danger to all Fae, including Avens. Plus, there was Eli’s welfare to consider.
“Nonsense, lass. She’ll nae venture down here. Tis considered the sewers in her eyes. Now, stay and rest yerself,” Avens insisted maternally. “Tomorrow is another day.”
 “Taw may anshow,” a melodic voice called out. A fairy not unlike Avens descended the steps with a heavy gait, despite a petite frame. She chatted away in another language, placed a pile of clothes into Avens’ arms, then turned to head back up. She paused on the first step, smiled, and said, ‘thanks for the memories,” then was gone in an instant.
“Aye, I meant to tell ye that.” Avens walked to the bedroom and placed the clothes at the foot of the bed. “When ye came out of Faerie last time, the blast knocked ye out cold, so I brought ye down here to restore yer health. Ban is a healer and helped me look after ye for the few days.”
Incredible relief surged through me. “I was here for all four days?”
“Aye,” the fairy replied.
“Why can’t I remember anything?”
“Ban has to be paid with memories. So she took everything from the time ye were unconscious to when we placed ye back in the spot where ye had fallen.”
“Did I come to at any point when I was with you?”
“Oh aye. We chatted and ate just like today.”
“I’m just so relieved that I was safe here with you.”
“I’d nae let anyone harm ye.” Avens swore solemnly. “Ever.”
“Saying thank you seems so paltry with all you’ve done for me.”
She smiled and waved a hand, sweeping away the gratitude. “Ye’ve got yer nightie right here, and there’s a bathroom off to the side there. Say ‘warm water’ to run yourself a bath, and it’ll fill right up.” She patted my arm affectionately before heading out of the room. “Sleep well, hen.”
The following morning, Avens roused me from a restless sleep filled with strange dreams, the details of which eluded me now in the light of day. Rays of sun streamed in through the circular window, and my foggy brain scrambled to resolve the enigma of being underground and seeing natural light.
“Tis only a spell to let ye know when day has broken above,” Avens explained. “Now, speaking of above, there’s some folks and yer wolf sniffing about upstairs. They seem worried about ye.”
“Oh, okay. I’ll go see them right away.” Throwing off the covers, I grabbed the clothes Ban left for me. The bath I’d taken last night washed away all physical traces of my time at Raven’s Bluff, the emotional ones, not so much.
“I’ll pack ye a bit of breakfast for the road. Ye’ll not be leaving here empty-handed.”
When she left the room, I quickly got dressed, scrubbed my face, brushed my teeth, and combed my hair. Avens stood at the bottom of the stairs with something delicious smelling and wrapped in linen. “Be sure to take the time to eat, lass,” she cautioned. “Ye’ve been down here a while, which will affect yer system. Food will help that.”
“Thank you so much, Avens.” My voice choked with emotion. “When I get my own place and am settled, I would love to have you come visit.”
The old fairy smiled. “That’d be bonnie, aye. And if ever yer in need of anything, come to the picnic area, and I’ll find ye.”
We hugged each other tightly before I ascended the stairs, my body transforming to its regular size by the time I reached the top. The exit was about twenty feet in the opposite direction from where I’d entered. Shay, having caught my scent, was beside me in an instant, his large form blocking me from view of the others.
“Where were you?” His tone wasn’t warm, which was typical of Shay. He was distrustful by nature, and his surliness usually meant he was concerned for Zeke. He probably suspected me of a litany of offenses. Eli had his nose in the air then moved into my line of sight. His ears perked up as his head whipped in my direction.
“What have I ‘supposedly’ done now? Might as well get straight to it.” I moved slightly and saw Ezra following Eli’s line of sight.
Shay’s eyes narrowed angrily. “You escaped a warded cabin, and now Zeke’s missing. So is Lily the banshee. Where are they?”
“Let me just consult my crystal ball here for you,” I replied sarcastically. Eli barked and bounded over. Ezra was quick on his heels.
“I can smell blood in your hair,” Shay continued. 
“Peaches!!!!” Jimmy exclaimed as she made a beeline to me with Jonah in tow. “Oh, thank goodness you’re safe!” She shoved Shay out of the way and brought me into her tight embrace. “I was goin’ outta my mind with worry.” She held me at arm’s length, evaluating my well-being. “Y’all right? Nobody done you no harm?”
I brought them up to speed on how Semyon brought me to Raven’s Bluff and the incidents that ensued. “I’m okay now,” I tried to assure them.
They weren’t buying it, but Jimmy pretended she believed me. “Good. ‘Cause if anything happened to you, I’d be as lost as rat turd in a barrel of wild rice.”
Laughter burst from me as I pulled her in for another big hug. “Jimmy, you’re crazy, and I love you for it.” Eli nudged his head between us, trying to get in on the action. Ezra and Jonah joined us for a group hug.
Shay stood off to the side, fuming. “stop being so cranky,” Jimmy sighed, “an’ get in for a group hug.” He stormed off toward the parking lot. “Fine then, you’re walking home,” the jinn called out sternly. Reluctantly he returned, placed his hand on Jonah’s shoulder, and because we were all connected, Jimmy disapparated us back to The Yards.
We landed back in Sam’s cabin. Ezra and Eli remained out on the porch on guard. Ling, who’d been seated at the kitchen table, bolted upright so quickly, he knocked over the chair. He eyed me with disdain. “About bloody time you got here,” he seethed.
“What’s got you all riled up like that?” Jimmy queried with a sassy tone. “Peaches ain’t done nothing to you.”
I loved Jimmy’s protective nature. “Did something happen while I was away?” I picked up the chair.
“Did something happen while I was away?” he repeated mockingly.
“Hey, chill, alright?” Jonah advised while opening the fridge. “No need for that attitude.”
“Where the ffffuck have you been?” Ling barked, ignoring Jonah’s warning. “I’ve had that Haff dude nagging at me non-stop for twelve hours straight!”
“Ling, I’m really sorry you had to go through that, but I hadn’t planned on leaving.” I glanced down at Avens bundle of food I was still holding. “I had quite the evening,” I explained, momentarily closing my eyes in disbelief at all that had happened.
“Oh whoop-de-fucking doo,” he retorted hotly. “I just uprooted my whole fucking business and got your man’s name scrawled on my fffucking wrist, but you can’t even show up for your training sessions?”
“Ling, again, I’m sorry. I─”
“You think I can work with that geezer’s voice yakking in my head incessantly? I’ve had to cancel the same client four fucking times because of you. And, on top of that, I have to work with people I don’t even know, in a place that’s not even mine, and you can’t be bothered to do your part? What the fuck more do you want from me?? The way I see it, you haven’t had to sacrifice one single thing, yet you’ve no issue taking from others. You’ve no problem changing everything to suit your needs. You’re all take, take, take and─ ”
“Ling!” I snapped. “You’re not the only one dealing with a shit-show right now, okay!” I inhaled at length, trying to regain a sense of calm. “I didn’t deliberately skip any training with Haff, and I promise to not miss any future sessions either.”
“Fine, but you owe me, Jess Darrows. You owe me big time.”
The control I’d reigned in shattered. Black ink filled my veins, shooting to the surface of my skin. Ling’s shocked expression told me I looked downright terrifying. “I did not ask you to host the ink master just as I did not ask to be a mage. It just happened, so deal with it or take it up with the Fates, but don’t you dare say I owe you.”
Shay stepped between us. “Ling, shut the fuck up and sit down. Jess, get your mage under control, or you’ll end up killing him, or ‘Staining’ his ass, like Katy.”
I realized he was right and shouldn’t have lost my temper, but there was so much I was repressing things were starting to seep through. “Tell me what Haff was badgering you about?” The tattooist regarded me fearfully. It took a long moment before my mage fully retreated. I’d found it strange she had come to the fore so quickly when I hadn’t been in any real danger, unlike when Tallon attacked. Mentally, I thanked her for helping me and felt my inky veins disappear. “Ling, please put Haff through, and I’ll ask him directly what’s going on.”
He nodded, took a slow deep breath then closed his eyes. When he opened them, I heard the gasp. “Jessica? Where have you been? I do not appreciate this lack of commitment to your training.” 
“It wasn’t deliberate on my part.” Once again, I described everything that happened with Semyon portalling me out of The Yards, being used as a cocktail drink at Raven’s Bluff and Tallon’s lack of control. I omitted the level of violence he’d used against me and his subsequent death. “I kept calling on my mage for help, but it took so long for her to respond, and yet, just now, she appeared in a heartbeat.” My voice broke with emotion. “Can you explain why she’s fickle like that?”
“First of all, I’m very sorry to hear you were hurt. Do you need immediate care?”
“Thank you, but no. I had help from a…. I’m okay now.”
“Very well then,” he responded with a scrutinizing regard. “I believe the rapport with your mage is inconsistent and too sporadic, which weakens the link between you. She didn’t help you against the vampire because her sleep time is deepening and, consequently, her response time is longer.”
“So, what should I do to keep her actively awake?”
“Your mage is your companion, Jessica, not some weapon to whip out when danger is near. Treat her as you do those most important to you. You should be so connected with her that the instant you call on her power, you feel her fire-up and be at the ready. She is there for you, so be there for her, as you would a friend.”
My thoughts immediately flew to Ivy and her family, Parsons, Jimmy, Ezra, and Eli, and. I found myself a poor excuse as a friend. Ivy had almost died because I’d been content to let my many messages to her go unanswered. Parsons hadn’t fared any better. He’d heard from Zeke about my return to The Yards before he’d heard from me. Jimmy had wanted me to try on cocktail dresses, and I’d yet to even look at one. Eli had a much stronger bond with Ezra and had spent more time with him than I had. Even Zeke, who, although totally dishonest about his civil status, did protect me and gave me space. That doesn’t mean I’d ever trust him, but I acknowledged the many times he’d been kind and helped me out. I recognized I was a product of being raised in an orphanage. As a child, when you realize you’re not wanted, it’s easy to construct walls, relying only on yourself. But I wasn’t so alone anymore. I had people who cared for me, including Avens, and it was about time I started becoming a better friend.
“Thanks, Haff. I’ll work on restoring the bond with my mage.”
“Jess?” Ezra stepped inside. “Eli’s approaching his time to change. I gotta get him out to my cabin.”
I ran outside to see Eli panting heavily. “Hey, it’s okay, Eli. We’ll be with you, alright?” He whined and placed his head to mine.
Jimmy approached Ezra. “Latch on. I’ll take you both to your place. There’s no time to drive there.”
“Much appreciated,” Ezra nodded. “It’s hard to gauge if he’ll change tonight or tomorrow. No matter, we’ll be there.”
“I’m coming too,” I interjected, then realized I was supposed to remain sequestered in the cabin because of the anchor. “I don’t want to endanger any Fae, but I don’t want to break my promise to Eli either.”
“Peaches, wait here, mmmkay. I’m gonna be back shortly.” Eli whined again as they all connected then disapparated.
When I returned inside, Shay and Jonah announced they were going to Faerie to see what had happened to Zeke and Lily. When I asked them how they intended to find a portal, Jonah pointed to me.“You’ve got the anchor,” he explained. “We’re pretty sure it can produce an opening to the Fae realm.”
“What about my confinement?”
Jonah grimaced. “When the shelter was emptied, Oxana got all the refugees from her court. There are other Fae in The Yards, but they’re from the Unseelie Court and came here of their own volition.”
“So, if leaving here to help out is okay, can we do this at Ezra’s place? I really want to be there for Eli.”
“Just a moment, young lady,” Haff interjected, “surely you are not contemplating leaving again?”
“It’s only until my wolf Eli has shifted. It won’t be long at all.”
“I’m afraid you don’t understand, child. I was late in finding you, and lessons with you have been very irregular, at best. So much time has already slipped through our fingers. We will have to dedicate every waking second to catching up and hope that will prepare you sufficiently. I remember requesting you find someone to train you in hand-to-hand combat, but I doubt you have followed through with that assignment.”
Not wanting to have another argument, I turned to Shay and Jonah, “Could you please give me a moment alone with Haff?” Jonah nodded and headed toward the door without hesitation. Shay eyed Haff suspiciously and left with a warning glance in his direction.
When we were alone, I sat at the table opposite Haff. “You preach about wanting me to be ready, but you failed to mention that I will die seconds after the coding.”
Haff leaned back in his chair, his regard weary. “And how have you come by this knowledge?”
Well, he certainly wasn’t denying it. “Lumiel, the coded beast, told me.” I ignored his shocked expression. “Don’t you think that was a fundamental part of my so-called training?”
He leaned both elbows on the table. “Confronting an entity, controlling it, and coding it may lead to your demise. I’m very sorry. It’s just the nature of the mission. But, with my coaching, and proper combat training, you would have had a solid chance of succeeding.
“Stuff keeps coming up,” I exclaimed. “Every time I try to do the work, something happens. I swear, I’m not deliberately shirking my responsibilities.” My phone chimed with an incoming text, but I ignored it. If I so much as glanced at the screen, Haff would blow a fuse.
“Have you meditated to build a relationship with your mage? No. Have you found an instructor to train you? No. Have you been present for all my classes? No. If the summons were to occur this very moment, you would not even survive the energy shift, never mind engaging with the entity.” He paused momentarily. “Tell me, who did you approach to be your fighting coach?”
“Uhm, I’m still in the selection process,” I twisted the truth slightly. “But I’ll find someone soon. And honestly, the fight instructor thing seemed more like a suggestion than a vital component to my survival.” After a moment’s silence, I asked, “Look, is there some sort of crash course I could take?”
He pulled himself upright. “Learn to communicate with your mage. Hone your ink to become the perfect instrument required for the code and fight with every single cell in your body. And when the shift is imminent, you will feel called or summoned to execute your task. An uncontrollable urge to code will take over. Knowing how to manage that urge is vital.”
Shay spoke through the door. “Jess, we need to go. We just got some intel from Faerie.”
“Okay, I’ll be right there,” I called.
Haff could’ve mentioned this during the first lesson instead of meditating for two hours. I grabbed my phone and pulled up the notes app, quickly typing summons: what to do. “Right, just give me the main gist.”
He stared at me for a long moment before shrugging in defeat. “A great shift in energy will ripple across the entire cosmos. All beings in all realms will know when you are summoned. And while this will feel mild to them, it will be much stronger for you. The duration of the energy force entering your body is short, but, unfortunately, because of its intensity, you will perceive it as being quite lengthy.”
“Great,” I mumbled. “What will this energy do to me? Or for me?”
“Not you, my dear, your mage.”
“Same thing,” I shrugged a shoulder.
“I’m afraid not. You have failed to sustain your union and, regrettably, are as separate as you and I.”
“I told you linking with her was a hit and miss.”
Haff’s head shook. “If you can connect with your mage, allow her to control the energy. She will guide you to the expulsion site, which will be a volcano.” He glanced away, briefly. 
“My brother, who trained the last mage, was the spirit of Erta Ale in the Afar Triangle in Ethiopia. I am the spirit of La Soufriere volcano in Saint Kitts. Most likely, that is where you will face the entity.
Lumiel mentioned Afar, but countries changed names over time. Maybe Abyssinia was now Ethiopia?
“Jess?” Shay banged on the door. “We gotta go now.”
I stood up, grabbed a change of clothes, and threw them into my knapsack along with a few bottles of water from the fridge. Haff moved to the door, disbelief and frustration pouring off him in waves. “Jess,” he warned, folding his hands arms, “you’re making a very grave mistake by leaving. Training should be your only preoccupation.”
“I gave my word to Eli. Best you leave Ling’s body, go back to your mountain, and I’ll see you when the entity is expulsed.”
 His expression was one of disbelief before his head shook, resigned. “So be it.” He stepped closer and took my hand. “I believe, despite everything, that you will try your utmost to succeed. Your heart is always in the present moment, and when the summons comes, I know you will give it your all.”
“Thank you, Haff. That means a lot to me.”
He covered my hand with both of his. “Allow me to do one final thing before I take my leave?”
“Of course. What is it?”
“I will choose someone to train you in combat. It will most likely be a short course, but it’s better than nothing. And I cannot reveal their identity until the person agrees.” He bowed reverently. “May Voloz bless you, child,”
“Thank you, Haff, for everything.” I nodded, slipped the knapsack onto my shoulder, picked up Avens’ bundle of food that I still hadn’t touched then stepped outside. Shay and Jonah were pacing anxiously. Jimmy popped into view and clutched my arm, ready to disapparate us to Ezra’s cabin.
“Oy!” Ling called out from within the cabin. “Where the ffffuck did everyone go?”

Moonlight shone on the lake’s still grey waters, mirroring the beauty of above. Not a wisp of wind rippled across its surface. A small log cabin with a wide deck contouring the structure completed the idyllic setting. The serenity of the moment quickly vanished when agonized groans came from inside the house. I dashed toward the door, but a strong arm wrapped around my waist, pivoting me in the opposite direction. 
“Hold on now,” Ezra warned gently as he set me on my feet. “He’s lost to the change. Best leave him be.”
Shay and Jonah flanked me. “How long has he been like that?”
Ezra hesitated, but his expression said it all. “He started trying to shift as soon as we got here.” He looked out onto the lake in confusion. “Normally, that should only take a few seconds, so I went inside to grab him some jeans, and when I came out, he was lying by the lake trying to inch his way in. He’d have drowned if he’d shifted in the water. I thought it best to carry him back to the house. He’s been trying to change since.”
“Maybe he needs to be in the water,” I suggested.
Ezra disagreed. “No wolf would willingly try and shift in a lake.
Jonah nodded in agreement. “Never heard of it happening before.”
“Yeah, but Eli is different. He’s a conundrum, Parsons said so.” I turned and headed to the cabin. “We can hold him in the water and see if it helps. It’s better than letting him suffer like that.”
“Alright then,” Ezra agreed, “but I’ll carry him. Jess, you go stand in the lake.” Shay and Jonah wanted to lend a hand, but I asked them to remain on the shore. Their Hellhound forms would scare Eli to death.
A few minutes later, Ezra and I were waist-deep in water, facing each other. He was holding Eli high enough that his convulsing body didn’t get wet. “Ease him in slowly,” I advised, caressing my wolf’s head. He whimpered weakly, clearly exhausted.
Encased in Ezra’s gentle but firm hold, he was lowered in. The wolf jerked hard, thrashing wildly until he somehow managed to slip away, disappearing beneath the dark waters. Ezra and I immediately dove in after him, but it was like looking for a shadow in complete obscurity. When my lungs began to burn, I surfaced, gulping in as much air as possible. Ezra hadn’t resurfaced yet. From the shore, Jimmy was shouting and pointing at something behind me. I whirled around to see a beautiful silver-skinned man wading through the water carrying an unconscious Ezra. Rivulets of water ran off his coarse platinum curly hair and down his naked form. Smiling golden eyes met mine before he moved past me toward the shore.
“Eli?” I brayed, wading awkwardly to catch up. He glanced over his shoulder; curved lips and deep dimples were all I could see.
Shay and Jonah waded in and helped place Ezra onto dry land. The guardian began coughing up water as soon as he was in the recovery position. Jimmy passed Eli a pair of jeans which he quickly pulled on then returned to Ezra’s side. As I went to kneel opposite Eli, I noticed Jimmy was no longer alone. Every fairy brownie, elf, gnome, and sprite had come out of hiding and formed a semi-circle around us. All eyes were fixed on Eli. As much as I was curious to know why they had gathered here, Ezra’s well-being took priority. I checked his breathing and pallor.
“His lips aren’t blue, thank the Goddess. And he’s breathing okay, except for the water spurting out.”
“Quit fussing, Jess,” he grumbled, then went into a coughing fit. After it subsided, he pushed himself upright. “I’m fine. Just miscalculated the distance to the surface, is all. Now I need to shift to recover. Stay with your wolf, Jess.” To Shay and Jonah, he said, “are you guys staying around?”
“We should have been gone twenty minutes ago.”
“Alright then,” Ezra fist-bumped each one. “See y’all later.”
When he disappeared inside the cabin, I turned to the man in question. “You were awesome, Eli, and you got to Ezra just in time.” I took his hands in mine as I grinned widely. “So happy to see you’re okay. That was certainly a memorable shift, right?”
His big dimpled smile was as bright as his golden eyes. He nodded and pointed to the water, then to himself, giving a thumbs-up gesture.
“You needed the water to shift,” I translated while looking up at him. In human form, he was only a couple of inches shorter than Zeke, and that man was six foot five. I tugged his hand and turned toward the others. “Eli, you already know Shay and Jonah, but they’ll need to smell you in this form.”
“We’ll do that another time, Eli,” Shay explained. “We need Jess to help us out for a second.”
Just then, Ezra returned from the cabin. He had fully recovered and had changed out of his sopping wet clothes. “Our wolf has quite the welcoming committee,” he smiled and nodded toward the Fae congregation off to the edge of the trees.
“You’re sure they’re okay with me being here?”
“They’re all Unseelie. Oxana considers them beneath her, so don’t worry, they’re safe,” he explained. “I’ll just go greet them, make them feel welcome.”
Jonah reached out to take my hand. “Really need you to try and open a portal for us. We want to check in on Zeke, ‘cause we’ve had no communication from him, and that’s not normal.”
I wanted to respond with a snarky quip, like maybe he’s too busy bedding his Fae wife, but pushed down the hurt and extended my hand outward in a horizontal position. Closing my eyes, I visualized a portal just like the ones I’d seen leading to Faerie, but nothing happened.
“Make a fist,” Shay instructed. “Aim the anchor downwards and call on the realm to open.”
It took twelve tries. On the tenth attempt, the sphere had appeared but only for a few seconds. On the eleventh, I managed to hold it open for a few seconds longer, and on the final try, I held it open long enough for Shay and Jonah to leap into the shimmering orb just before it vanished. I was so proud of my achievement, I whirled around to face the others, ready to cheer but stopped short when I caught sight of Lily Trengaf, the banshee. She was standing where the portal had just been and was looking very much, the worse for wear.
“Lily!” Jimmy exclaimed, dashing over. The jinn conjured a lounge chair and eased the woman into the seat.
“What happened?” I asked, taking in her dirt-smeared face, messy hair, and cut lip. “Who did this?”
“Myself and Zeke got ambushed by Fae soldiers. Zeke fought off all of them except one who went for me. The Opilio wasn’t happy that I got beaten up and tried to portal me out, but I told him if we went to Faerie together, we’d go home together. He didn’t speak about it anymore, so I thought we’d continue on as a team, but when we came across an unmanned portal, he apologized then gave me a little shove through it. The last thing he’d said was, he’d bring the other Fae home safely.”
“Shay and Jonah just entered the realm,” I explained. I’m sure they’ll be a big help.” I hated to think of Zeke going it alone against the queen’s men.
“Oh, that’s a relief to know,” Lily clasped her hands. “Things are so much worse there than I’d imagined. Oxana is truly out of her mind and needs to be dealt with.”
The Unseelie Fae, having spotted Lily, approached us with Ezra in tow, reassuring them that everything was alright and that no harm would come to them. Lily’s eyes alit on Eli, and her smile turned dazzlingly bright. Eli briefly glanced at me with a look I could only describe as morose. Something was going on between them that I hadn’t clued into yet.
Despite her injuries, the banshee sat up straight and bowed her head before speaking. “Elirion Ren of the Evenfall Estate, we bid you the warmest of welcomes to our home away from home.”
While I stood there absolutely gobsmacked, Eli sat at Lily’s feet. He inclined his head in thanks, then smiled at the approaching Fae creatures. They lined up and began introducing themselves to Eli by bowing lowly and kissing his hand with reverence. He listened intently to everything they had to say and communicated non-verbally with them.
I stood off to the side, happy yet curious about their connection. Jimmy sidled up beside me. “Any idea why they’re greeting him like that?”
“Not a clue, Peaches, but I think we gonna find out when they’re done smooching his hand.”
Lily left the group to join us, her joy palpable at seeing Eli. “He’s back,” she beamed a wide smile. “He was four years old when he disappeared from Faerie. That was less a year ago, but his advanced aging would be normal given that the binding spell broke.”
Jimmy and I exchanged a look of confusion. “I’m sorry,” I said softly, “but we don’t understand.”
“For over twenty years, Eli was bespelled to remain a child in Faerie. Being brought to this realm broke the enchantment and allowed him to mature to his true age.”
“Who would do something so awful to an innocent child?”
“I’ll give you one guess,” she replied bitterly.
“Oxana?”
“Who else would be capable of such cruelty?” she replied, observing Eli waving goodbye to the Fae then walking side by side with Ezra toward the cabin. “Forgive me if I sound vengeful, but I can’t wait for the day I’ll sing at her deathbed. Back when I thought she was a good monarch, I promised I’d be there when her time came. I cannot be released from that oath, though I would love nothing more. So, I intend to wail as if I’m being eviscerated. It will be the same sounds made by those who perished at her hand.” She raised a brow, amused. “It will certainly make for a dramatic departure.”
“Why did she treat Eli so badly?”
“He was her only child. Eli’s father is King Ren of the Evenfall Estate.”
Eli’s a Fae prince? No wonder they were so reverent. “So why didn’t Ren protect his son?”
“The king never even knew he had a child. One night, Oxana used very ancient and very dark sorcery to transform herself into the exact likeness of the king’s consort. She ventured into Evenfall, bedded Ren, then returned to Faerie having conceived a child. She refused all social engagements to keep her pregnancy a secret. Only those closest to her knew she was expecting, but they had no idea who the father was, that is, until she gave birth to a beautiful silver-skinned baby. Only those from Evenfall carry that unique characteristic. It is said to come from the embers of their great creator, and those who procreate with Evenfallers know that any off-spring will bear their sacred argent skin.”
“So why did Oxana never tell the king about Eli, and why didn’t she allow him to age normally?”
“Oxana wanted to expand her territory but didn’t have the means to defeat Evenfall in a battle. Having Ren’s heir would entitle her to their land when Eli would be old enough to challenge his father for the kingdom. She wouldn’t even have to lift a sword. She kept him in a child-like state to control him until he was old enough to stake his claim on Evenfall. But she underestimated the sheer hatred some of her subjects harboured for her, and so, one night, unbeknownst to Oxana, Eli was smuggled out of Faerie. Once in this realm, he drank werewolf blood laced with a powerful spell that would help him pass as a wolf shifter. It was done so he couldn’t be detected by the queen’s hunters.”
“So who smuggled him out?” Moreover, who completely abandoned him here instead of taking him to Evenfall? Jimmy motioned she was returning to the cabin. Instinctively, I knew she was preparing to disapparate Eli, should it be necessary.
“The queen’s first knight, a warrior Fae, who guarded the queen closely, but secretly despised her. She made it look like Eli had been taken to Evenfall, when in fact, he’d been smuggled to this realm. But the plan went awry. The queen quickly realized Eli was missing, forcing the warrior to leave Eli on the doorstep of a place called Child Protection Services and return to Faerie to avoid suspicion. But by the time the warrior tried to retrieve Eli, he was gone. The warrior knight couldn’t leave Faerie again, so she contacted me and asked if I could help locate him. I agreed on the condition that King Ren be informed he had a son. For close to a year, I searched high and low, fearing he’d died.” She suddenly smiled widely, “and then one day I heard that a large black wolf had sauntered right into The Yards, smelling of the Evenfall forests. We were almost afraid to believe it was Elirion, but the elves knew it. They knew we had found our prince. We thought it imperative to his well-being not to crowd him or place any unnecessary burdens on him, so we remained at a distance until his shift tonight.” Her eyes brimmed with unshed tears. “Seeing him has brought us immense joy.”
“And what about King Ren? How did he take the news that he had a child?”
Lily shrugged her shoulders. “I’m not sure. I know he secretly sent out his best trackers to find him, but wasn’t successful. As for what he did to Oxana, I can’t say. Obviously, it wasn’t bad because she’s still breathing. Anyway, the main thing is we’ll finally be able to return Eli to his homeland.”
“Really?” I felt the frown forming above my eyes. “Has he communicated that with you?”
“Well, no, but it’s only natural he’d want to. I mean, he was only brought here for his own safety. Why would he want to stay?”
“Why wouldn’t he?” The need to protect my wolf rose within me. “Eli had every single minute of his life controlled in the cruellest way possible, so any decision concerning his future should be made by him and him alone. Nobody has any right to demand anything of him.”
“You don’t understand, Jess. Faerie needs Eli. He is the true heir. It is his duty to lead and restore the realm to what it once was.”
“But for years, everyone in Faerie turned a blind eye while Oxana abused him. Where was their sense of duty back then? Why did it take two decades for someone to get him out?” Disgusted, I went to walk away but stopped when Lily spoke.
“She would’ve have killed him if someone had intervened,” the banshee explained dejectedly. “One guard got caught sneaking food to Eli after Oxana had him thrown into solitary confinement. The man was just being kind to an imprisoned child, visiting him every day, keeping him company, helping him through the ordeal. But she hauled that guard out to the town square and publicly executed him, then told everyone that Eli would meet the same fate if anyone else interfered. We stayed away to save his life.”
Lily probably thought that by returning Eli to Faerie, she was helping him live the life he should have had if it weren’t for his psychotic mother. “Look, I know you’re happy he’s back. I know his return offers hope for your realm, but Ezra and I are still his guardians, and we will continue to have his best interests at heart until Eli decides what he wants to do. We will not be swayed by the needs of Faerie, its citizens, nor Evenfall. And we will not allow anyone to solicit Eli on the matter. If I catch anyone doing so, I will not be happy.”
“Faerie is at war. Zeke is helping the rebel forces, but we’re not gaining ground fast enough because the queen’s guards are ruthless. Having Eli take the throne will bring peace.”
“What peace did Eli know? Why doesn’t king Ren take over and rule Faerie?”
“His army cannot defeat Oxana’s guard.”
“Lily, Eli is part of this realm now and is under my protection. Going back to Faerie will only happen if he wants it, not because the Fae expect it. We’ll talk again soon, goodnight.”
I returned inside the cabin to find Ezra and Jimmy prepping steaks for the grill. Eli was unpacking the knapsack Ezra brought for him.
“Hey there,” I called out cheerily, pretending my conversation with Lily did not happen.
“Everything’s fine,” Ezra said before I even asked.
“Mindreader,” I chuckled.
Jimmy peered out the window, checking that the banshee and Unseelie Fae were gone. “Alright Peaches, I am going to leave you to it. Oh, and Ling texted to say Haff organized some new trainer to meet you at the security gate tomorrow at nine a.m.”
“Uhm, sure. Thanks.” I eyed Jimmy while suppressing a long sigh. “Did he say who it was?”
“Nah uh,” she replied, sashaying to the door. “Love, peace, and chicken grease, y’all.”
Once she was gone, Eli came toward me with a beaming smile. “You were amazing tonight. You shifted, saved Ezra, and were warm and welcoming with the Fae folk. We should get you a superhero cape.” He pulled me in for a great big hug that was gentle despite his massive frame. My heart lurched when I thought of all the abuse he’d been through but rejoiced that it hadn’t embittered him to life or love. He deserved nothing but joy for the rest of his days. I felt a tight knot in my throat and didn’t want to ruin our night by telling him about my conversation with Lily, so I took his hands and said, “C’mon, let’s get some food into you. I’m sure you’re starving.”
“You can start a campfire outside while I put this here meat on the grill,” Ezra suggested.
“Will do,” I replied. “There’s some great bread here as well.” Avens would not appreciate me wasting her homemade loaf. Once we were outside, I looked at the pile of kindling and chopped wood beside the pit. “Eli, I hope you know something about this because I haven’t a clue.” He smiled, then immediately set to work and had a robust blaze going in no time.
After a copious meal around the fire, Ezra said he was getting ready to shift as he could no longer put off the call the moon had on his wolf. He quickly explained to Eli how meeting the pack in his human form was important so they could get to know the man as well as the wolf. 
“So you’ll all be in wolf form but not Eli?”
“Yep, but it won’t matter. They still need to see him and scent his other form. We can all meet at the alpha’s house tomorrow before sunrise.” Eli nodded to show he didn’t have a problem with that. “And Jess, because you’re his guardian, you’ll be expected to be there and vouch for his character with the pack. I mean, they already know him, so it’s only a formality, but a necessary one.”
“I’ll be there,” I promised.
“Alright then,” Ezra said, patting the prince’s shoulder paternally. “Put out the fire before hitting the hay.”
He disappeared into the night. Shortly after, a loud howl was heard, followed by several long, doleful cries. Eli pointed to his forehead, made a frown, and pointed back at me. I smiled, realizing he wanted to know what was bothering me. “It can wait until tomorrow.” I looked up at the millions of stars filling the midnight sky and took a long deep breath. Mother Nature was truly a sight to behold. Eli nudged me, signalling we should talk.
We managed to communicate enough that I learned how he knew his mother had tricked the king to have a child. He wasn’t upset, just really saddened that he was the result of a premeditated assault on an innocent man. His life had been miserable under his mother’s so-called ‘care,’ and he signalled he was relieved to have ended up in this realm.
I decided to relate a little about Faerie’s current affairs, but he didn’t seem shocked to learn there was widespread conflict. “Some believe you will return to Faerie and become their leader.”
He growled deeply before launching out of his chair and pacing in front of the flames. I waited silently for the anger to pass. When he stood still, looking out onto the lake, I spoke evenly. “Eli, you don’t have to do anything you don’t want to.” He glanced over his shoulder at me for a moment, then continued to observe the still waters. I knew he was frustrated about Faerie’s expectations, but he was listening. “Ezra and I are here for you, and we’re looking out for your well-being. We’re here to ensure you live as you want to, not as others expect of you. You may be a prince in Faerie, but here, with us, you’re our friend to love and protect.” Slowly he returned and sat in his chair. His hand covered mine. “I’m sure word will get out that you’ve been found. Your father, King Ren, will want to see you. How do you feel about that?”
“No answer her!”
We both shot out of our chairs to face whoever had spoken. A young, grey-skinned Elvin woman with pale grey eyes, long black pointed ears, and a deep scowl approached us. Her high platinum ponytail swung from side to side as she unsheathed four daggers from the mound of weapons strapped to her body armour.
Eli stepped in front of me, his hand keeping me from advancing on the intruder. Before I could sidestep him, he dashed to her, picked her up, and swung her around as he beamed a wide smile. Her knives fell to the ground as a wild happy giggle burst from her. When he set her down, she stepped back, her eyes roving Eli’s form as if assessing him. She said something in another language. He shook his head and pointed to his mouth.
Surprise crossed her features before she quickly placed her hand against his throat. “Lavair anish.”
He immediately started coughing like he was choking on something. “What did you do to him?!!” I cried, running to his stooped form. The woman observed me as if I was deranged, but I paid her no mind. My focus was on Eli. Would the Heimlich manoeuvre help him?
“Dooleem,” Eli rasped between gulping breaths.
“You can talk??!” I exclaimed, patting his back until the spasm passed.
“Spell lifted,” the warrior elf explained cautiously. She seemed to dislike that I was interfering with the reunion.
“Who are you, and how did you get through the wards?”
“Magic different,” she replied, jutting her chin upwards arrogantly.
“Tell me who you are and why you’re here,” I reiterated as I blocked Eli’s path.
“It’s okay, Jess,” he explained with less rasp in his voice. “This is Dooleem, a shadow elf and first knight to the queen. She got me out of Faerie.”
“After twenty years of seeing you being abused and kept from aging normally? A truly fearless warrior indeed,” I mocked.
The woman was suddenly in front of me, her hand fisted in my hair, my throat exposed, and a sharp blade pressed to my jugular. “Mage bleed.”
“Dooleem, no!” Eli shouted hoarsely. “Don’t hurt her, please.”
“Bray anshin,” the elf ground out then shoved me away so hard I fell to the ground. She was probably a few inches shy of five feet, but she was as strong as Shay or Jonah. “We go,” she announced to Eli and began walking backwards toward the trees.
“He’s not going anywhere with you!”
“Dooleem,” Eli called gently, “J I’m not leaving with you. I have no interest in going back to Faerie.”
Her eyes snapped to mine, her frown deepening as she closed the distance between us. “He king,” she jabbed a finger toward him, “not wolf.”
“That’s where you’re wrong.” Eli moved to my side, the message blatantly clear. “I am a wolf.”
“No,” she argued. “Spell for escape. You king, not shifter.”
“Yes, the potion you had me drink transformed me into a wolf to hide me here on this plane. And maybe it was intended to be a temporary thing until you could come back to reverse it, but you never returned, and at the full moon, the lycan in me emerged. We are one.”
Dooleem appeared to be in some form of shock. Her hand covered her mouth as wide eyes regarded Eli with regret. “Shoilse, lock me up. Freed today.”
“The queen had you thrown in jail!” Eli balked. “Why?”
“You gone. I fail.”
“That’s why you never came back for me. You were a prisoner,” he surmised with disgust. “She’s insane.”
The first knight gave a brief nod then sheathed her dagger. “Home need you now.”
“Faerie was nothing but a place of torture and misery. I feel more at home here in The Yards with all the Otherworlders than I ever did in Faerie. I’m accepted and treated fairly, and I’ll never leave unless Zeke asks me. King Ren sounds like he would be a fair and just ruler.”
“No King Ren. You,” Dooleem pleaded.
“I’m sorry, but this is where we part ways,” Eli said kindly. “You must return. Your duty lies there.” Placing a hand over his heart, he made a deep bow. “Honour and thanks to you, warrior. Your courageous act has blessed me with unimaginable happiness and the freedom to live out my life in peace.”
Dooleem hung her head sadly. After inhaling at length, she nodded resignedly. “Banachtee, Elirion.”
“Banachtee, Dooleem,” he whispered, watching as she slipped away just as quickly and quietly as she appeared.
When he returned to the fireside, he appeared drained. “Can I get you anything?” I asked, “Or would you prefer to be alone? I’m sure that wasn’t easy.”
“I need help,” he sighed, turning to face me. “She won’t drop this. None of them will. They’ll keep pressuring me to take the throne. But, I’m so happy here, and I don’t want to give that up.”
“I’d never let them take you. Being under my protection isn’t just a few words strung together. It’s a vow and one I’d never break.”
“I believe you, Jess, but you’d be up against some very desperate Fae warriors who are compelled to follow the natural order of things and put the queen’s next of kin on the throne. The only solution is for King Ren to take over both courts. I’m sure Zeke could help smooth that over with the rest of Faerie.”
“Okay. I’ll talk to him as soon as he comes back.” Hoping he was all right and not injured in any way. “In the meantime, let’s get some sleep. We have that pack meeting tomorrow.”

Haff’s instructions were to meet my trainer at nine a.m., but it was going on ten as I approached the heavily secured gate. The meeting with the alpha of the Storm pack didn’t go as planned. Eli and I had risen before dawn, ate a hearty breakfast, and chatted about his time with Parsons. My wolf loved the elderly custodian and wanted to find a way to repay his kindness. I told him Parsons would be happiest knowing the wolf had found his way in life.
When we’d reached the impressive pack lodge, we were escorted inside by Ezra and two huge wolves to meet their leader. The alpha was in human form despite it being day one of the full moon. That feat alone spoke volumes to his strength. He was a massive albino man who was covered in scars, one of which had deformed most of the skin on his wide neck. He greeted me warmly and shook my hand, then took in Eli’s human form and hugged him as if it was his own son returning after a long absence. Eli hugged him back, radiating happiness at being so openly loved and appreciated. The alpha apologized and explained that the meeting would be short as his pack needed him to run with them. He said that today there would be a great celebration as Eli would be officially joining the Storm Band. Zeke had approved the transfer and would crest him upon his return. My presence today was to formally cede my role as guardian to Eli.
Needless to say, that was not only news to me but a hell of a lot of information to unload, and I couldn’t hide my stunned expression. I hadn’t known Eli had petitioned to join the pack or that Zeke approved anything. Yet another thing Zeke failed to disclose. The alpha explained their petition process was a secret one between the alpha, the recruit, and Zeke. Ezra, who acted as interpreter for Eli, was also bound to keep silent on the matter. At that point, I’d pulled Eli aside to double-check that this was what he wanted. Eli took my hands in his and told me today was the happiest day of his life. Knowing the hell he’d been through under Oxana’s rule and the pressure he would face to take the throne in Faerie, I signed over his care to the alpha. The silver and obsidian ribbons that had floated between us when I’d sworn an oath to protect him reappeared momentarily before falling to the ground and disappearing. Our bond had dissolved. Eli assured me we would still see one another, then hugged me tightly. The alpha shifted to his wolf form, and together he and Eli bounded off into the woods. 
It had all happened in a matter of minutes.
Ezra let me borrow a pack member’s car to return to the studio. During the drive back, my emotions were all over the place. On the one hand, I was really happy for Eli. I mean, he’d finally found a pack who accepted and loved him, a place where he belonged. But on the other hand, I felt the loss of our connection and couldn’t help the tears that fell.
Since I was no longer Eli’s legal steward, I guess I was free to leave The Yards, something I'd wanted since Scholomance. After learning that Zeke was hitched to Oxana, I definitely didn't want to hang around. Sure, I’d miss everyone, but with my fast-approaching demise, maybe it was better to just cut and run now. Skip the emotional goodbyes and hugs. I wicked moisture from my cheeks and grabbed a Kleenex. Yep, going it alone was nothing new. I'd been doing it all my life. 
When I returned to the studio, I called for a Brownie and left a list of things I needed finalizing. Top of the list was to have a new cocktail dress delivered to Jimmy later today. I also wrote a note of thanks to everyone, including all the Fae, for their incredible service. After packing my bags, I drove to the barrier, left the borrowed vehicle with one of the security guards, then crossed the boundary line to meet my trainer. Our meeting was going to be a very brief one because I was headed straight to Snake Bite Tavern to visit ‘mommy.’ A sleek sports car was parked about eighty meters from The Yards perimeter. As I approached, a familiar figure emerged, stopping me in my tracks.
My trainer was Kutmisan?
Chapter 9

Dressed in his usual black attire, Inferna’s bodyguard approached me with a serious countenance. He gave a crisp bow when we were a few feet apart and simply said, “Jessica,” by way of a greeting.
“You’re my instructor?” I didn’t even know how Haff had managed to organise that.
“Indeed,” he smiled briefly. “According to the spirit in Ling, time to prepare you is running short, so I’m afraid this will be intensive.”
“I’m surprised you haven’t dragged me to Hell already, you know, like last time,” I quipped sarcastically.
The assassin bowed momentarily. “Understandable that you would resent me, but as an employee of Inferna, I first and foremost serve and obey as my role requires. Under normal circumstances, I would have never acted so rudely.” He motioned toward the car. “Will you allow me to coach you?”
“No offense, K-man, but Zeke whooped your ass with one hand. If the entity I’m going to face is anything like ‘Zaqiel’, all the training in the world won’t prepare me for that.” I felt my shoulders droop with disappointment. Leaving Eli had put me in a dejected mood, and I just wanted to be alone to wallow and eat too much chocolate.
“None taken. In fact, I happen to agree with you in regards to the physical challenges you might face. However, I may be of assistance to help strengthen the connection with your mage.”
“How so?”
“Haff mentioned your mage is not always present or responsive. I can help you reach her through various techniques, including meditation.”
That sounded like it might be quite useful, but I had more pressing matters to deal with. “I’ve got some personal business to tend to, and I doubt I’ll be in any frame of mind to meditate afterward. But, thanks all the same.”
“How about this,” he suggested, noting I had no car and was lugging a heavy bag. “I will taxi you to wherever your personal business takes you, and in turn, you will allot a certain amount of time per day to your training.”
Initially, I was going to refuse, but having an assassin in my corner while announcing to Vivian that the baby she’d tried to murder was alive and well, might not be a bad thing. Because, you know, she wasn’t known for her calm and insight. I tapped a finger against my lips. “If I say yes, will you agree to a confidentiality spell?”
Kutmisan eyed me for a long moment. “If I say yes, will you agree to accompany me on some business I need to conclude today? After that, I’m dedicated to your pursuits.”
“Business, huh?” I became a tad suspicious when he didn’t extrapolate. “You’re not taking me back to Inferna, are you?”
“Not at all.”
“Fine,” I agreed and took my hand in his. After cupping some powdered ink from my pocket, I sprinkled it over our joined hands and uttered a spell ‘Not to tell.’
Once the enchantment settled into his skin, then disappeared, Kutmisan took my rucksack, placed it in the trunk, and gestured for me to get in.
“So, where are we headed?” I inquired as he made a U-turn and drove in a northerly direction.
“I rented a Dojo and arranged for us to stay there 24/7.”
“Really? You were confident I was going to agree to this training.” He smiled but remained silent, keeping his eyes on the road. 
Renting an entire dojo sounded like he was taking this training thing seriously. “Don’t you have Inferna duties?” I was really gauging the level of effort I’d have to put into this meditation stuff. As things stood, my commitment to the whole thing could fit inside an atom. But something told me that kind of attitude would be unacceptable with the assassin.
“l have taken a brief leave of absence in order to dedicate my time to this endeavour. Once my business is concluded today, we should arrive there by late afternoon.”
Making conversation was kind of an effort right now, so I just yawned an okay then looked out the passenger window. I wasn’t watching the world passing by. My thoughts were, at first, fixed on the list I’d left for the Brownie. I hoped she’d get each item seen to today. Then I thought of Eli. I imagined him running with his new pack and feeling true freedom and happiness for the first time in his life. I needed to share that good news with Parsons. Pulling out my phone, I sent him a lengthy text.
Mrs. Bantry promptly responded, saying that Parsons was most pleased for his conundrum and would visit the Storm Pack following his convalescence.
After putting my phone back in my bag, an image of Zeke’s wedding to Oxana crossed my mind. I felt the same pinch in my heart and the same sense of loss for what could’ve been and hated that he still had this effect on me. I hated that I’d been so gullible and made a mental note to be more discerning next time. Not that I could envisage a ‘next time.’ Zeke had ruined me for other men because, despite all his faults and failings, he’d made me feel precious to him, worth keeping.
We’re here,” Kutmisan announced, pulling me away from my morose thoughts. He’d parked at the entrance to an auditorium, but there wasn’t another vehicle in sight, and no lights were on in the building.
“I’ll just wait in the car,” I said after he killed the engine.
“This business concerns you. Best come along,” he advised, then got out.
He’d omitted to mention that, which didn’t bode well for the trust he wanted to establish between us. “Why didn’t you say so before we left?” I had to walk-jog to keep up with his long strides but didn’t get more than ten feet when I fell to my knees as if I’d been punched in the gut by some invisible force. “What was that?” I asked through heaving breaths.
Kutmisan clutched my elbow and helped me up. “It’s okay, Jess. It will pass once we’re through the doors. There’s a magical ward around the place.”
As I shuffled awkwardly toward the glass entrance, a man in an usher’s uniform opened the door and bowed slightly as we went ahead. Once inside, it was as if I’d stepped into a bubble of peace. The discomfort was gone, and I could breathe normally again. “Where are we?”
“Much has happened since last we met,” K-man replied vaguely. We crossed a huge hall with a whole slew of empty concession stands. “Rathe will explain more.”
“Rathe’s here?” I stopped dead in my tracks. We weren’t going to Inferna, maybe because Inferna was coming to us. Was that even possible?
“It’s okay, really, you’ll see.”
We descended a flight of stairs that were very wide with lush carpeting. He opened two steel doors leading to an amphitheatre filled with an eclectic mix of Otherworlders. The level of magic here felt incredibly strong, so strong that it should have been overwhelming, but I got the impression it was being forcibly contained. I stepped back, not liking whatever this setup was. “What’s really going on here?”
Rathe appeared in front of me, his lost-boy look in place. “Jessica,” he said softly. “So glad you came.”
“I wasn’t aware I was expected.”
“Of course, you couldn’t know.” He smiled, then turned to my trainer. “Thank you, Kutmisan. Let’s proceed, shall we.”
“Hang on a second,” I protested. “If I don’t get some sort of an explanation, even a mansplaining one, I’m leaving.”
Rathe registered my no-nonsense look and decided my threat was serious. He closed the doors behind him but glanced over his shoulder, uncertain the passageway provided enough privacy. When he spoke, it was a whisper. “Since you won’t accept any invitations to visit the Realm representatives, they’ve become more agitated and verbally aggressive these past few days. It’s not going to take much for that to turn to magical aggression. That could lead to an inter-realm political nightmare, so I’ve brought them here for you to reassure them. Just impart whatever information you have that will appease them. They have been listening to, and believing, all sorts of rumours about you making deals with reps in secret.”
“But I haven’t,” I countered, offended.
“I know that and have told them as much,” he said, raising both palms. “But they don’t believe me. However, I’m certain they’ll be more accepting of the truth if it’s coming from you.”
“What truth? I haven’t a clue about anything.”
“Has the ink master not provided you with any entity knowledge?” Kutmisan asked evenly.
My mind rifled through the lessons I had with Haff. There wasn’t a whole lot to divulge. “Nothing much.”
“Any information, however insignificant, will have to be enough to calm things down for the moment.”
“Fine.” I paused and eyed both reps with a warning glare. “Don’t pull me into something like this again without my consent, or we will have a problem.”
“I take full responsibility, Mage,” Rathe replied. “Kutmisan was not at liberty to discuss this with you.”
With that, Rathe pushed through the double doors and entered the auditorium. I was led down the main aisle, passing reps of all types; hippies, suits, blue collars, white collars, and even dog collars. In the front row, I noticed Priestess Rayden sitting comfortably in an aisle seat. A few applauded my presence as I was led up the steps to the podium, but it echoed like the mistimed beat of a drum, and most people cast disapproving looks toward the clapping offenders.
Rathe placed his hand over the microphone and leaned in close to my ear. “They especially want information on where the entity will be sent. You must let your mage through. She has to speak to them for this to be convincing.” He left the stage, taking a seat directly across from Rayden.
Sweat broke out on my brow and upper lip. My mage was sleeping soundly, obviously disinterested in our connection because I’d neglected her from the get-go. Maybe I could pretend she was present? No, that was a bad idea. I’d probably make things ten times worse. Butterflies made of lead dropped in my stomach as I observed the crowd.
“Get on with it!” Some heckled from the back.
I swiped the perspiration from my mouth and placed my trembling hands against the lectern. The microphone was positioned for a much taller person, so I pivoted it lower towards me.
“H-hello,” I stammered, speaking too close to the mic, causing screeching feedback. It passed after a couple of seconds, but it hadn’t won me any fans. “Uhm….I’m here to deliver an update on my ink mage activities.”
“About bloody time,” a loud voice rumbled from the back. It might have been the same person who shouted out the first time.
I chuckled nervously while desperately trying to find a funny retort. How comedians did live shows was beyond me. “Hmmm hecklers.” I croaked a giggle while looking in their general direction. “Are you Statler or Waldorf?” I asked, referring to the elderly Muppets who yelled out cantankerous opinions to whoever happened to be on stage.
Not a peep from the audience, absolute silence. Seemingly, they’d never heard of the television show, so that was a fail on breaking the proverbial ice. I cleared my throat and silently begged my mage to come forward but didn’t feel her make the slightest of stirs. Low mutterings of complaints broke out throughout the room.
“Uhm….realm representatives, I’m really sorry I couldn’t accept your kind invitations to visit your respective homes. I’m afraid this mage training thing is super intense and, I’ve like no free time.” Contented murmurings bloomed, replacing the vibe of discontent. Apparently, they liked to hear I was busy training. “I’m sure you’re all worried about where the entity will end up because of what happened to Inferna, but uhm…the bottom line is, even I won’t know that until the last second. Now, the ink master has ─”
A burst of indignation erupted from several very vocal opponents. “You lie! You side with Inferna!” someone spat from the middle area. “You’re going to dump the beast into any realm that hasn’t greased your pockets with favours and riches.”
“That is so not true,” I responded far more calmly than I felt. “There are no deals. The Inferna guys organized this meeting so you can get an update, which, by the way, would’ve been a lot easier if you all used social media.”
“We prefer things written in stone,” a Gargoyle seated behind Rayden announced. “You could’ve chiselled out a quick note. Stone isn’t expensive, you know.”
My eyes widened in disbelief. Chisel out a note, really? Shaking my head, I returned my focus to the crowd. “Look, I don’t want to burden any of your realms with this entity, and I will do my utmost to ensure that outcome, but if you’re looking for a guarantee that your particular realm won’t be affected, I can’t give you that, I’m sorry.”
The room erupted in outrage. I cast a look at Rathe and Kutmisan, but neither seemed perturbed. If anything, they appeared reconciled to the fact that history might repeat itself.
“This is codswallop! You’re the mage. You decide on the damn destination!” someone hollered from the right.
“Yeah!” another person agreed. “Quit with the damn cloak and dagger bullshit and tell us where you’ll send the bloody beast!”
Menacing waves of realm magic began undulating around me, threatening to assail me with power I would not be able to fight off. Without warning, my inner mage bolted forward, fury crashing down on the room like a hundred-foot wave. Every single vein in my body protruded with liquid onyx. The audience was stunned, fearful and their magic retreated. I didn’t think this would help the tense situation, but I was powerless to rein her back in or try to cajole her into placidness.
“Hear me, glorified turnspits!” her voice hissed as she stepped out from behind the podium and slowly descended from the stage. “Your only function right now is to transmit the mage’s information to the Ancient Ones of your respective realms and nothing more.” She hovered near a huge Viking-type guy and gave him a baleful glare. “You do not get to dictate anything to the mage. You do not disrespect her. You do not threaten her. Are. We. Clear?” A collective grumbling rumbled throughout the room, which she deemed unsatisfactory. “I said Are. We. Clear?”
“Yes!!!” the crowd resounded.
“That’s better.” With a short bow of her head, the mage retreated, leaving me to face the livid crowd. I hurried back up to the podium. “So, uhm…to conclude, I’d be happy to provide any new information as it comes in.” Everyone stood and began to gather their belongings. “You can follow me on Twitter. Use the address @Jessdarrows. I will not be contacting you individually or in person.”
“Mage,” Rayden said loud enough for everyone to stop what they were doing. “Do you believe it wise we communicate on so public a platform?”
“Good question, Priestess,” I smiled. “That address will be spelled so only those who are authorized will find me. Any non Otherworlders who enter that name will see a pop-up message saying ‘no results for @Jessdarrows.”
“Thank you,” the priestess offered.
“Does anyone else have a question?”
Nobody reacted, so I stepped away from the mic.
Rathe signalled us to leave with them. I was out in the parking lot when I realized the protective bubble had dissipated as well as the oppressive energy. My hands stretched outwards, probing the air just to be sure I didn’t get another magical punch.
“With the reps gone, so is their magic,” Kutmisan provided as he headed to the driver’s side. “It’s quite oppressive, I find.”
I was just glad my mage helped me face them all and survive their pressure tactics. Part of me wanted to tell Jimmy and the others, but hearing them would just get me all weepy again.
Rathe opened the passenger door and briefly shook my hand. “You did well, Jessica. Your mage is a sight to behold,” he smiled.
“I’m not sure it appeased the reps, though.”
Rathe burst out laughing. “I know for a fact none of them will risk antagonizing you again.”
“Do you think they’ll even bother to check if I Tweet them anything?” I wanted to avoid another encounter like this.
“Highly unlikely.” He waited until I was buckled in, then right before he closed the door, said, “But I will encourage them to befriend the app. Good luck with the training,” he smiled knowingly while nodding toward Kutmisan.

“Office Of Public Scrolls. OOPS?” Kutmisan read the sign with a tone of puzzlement as we pulled up in front of the imposing building.
“Oops, there it is,” I pitched melodically. He shot me a look of confusion. “Whoomp? The song by Tag Team? The 90’s rap – never mind.” I grabbed his phone from the console between our seats, entered my phone number, and sent a text to my cell. “Okay, so we have each other’s numbers. I’ll call you tomorrow for the meditation thing.”
“I thought we were going to practice today after your personal business was finished?”
“Tomorrow,” I reiterated. “That stunt with the realm reps took my daily dose of patience, motivation, and energy. Pop the trunk so I can get my bag.”
He got out and activated the release with his fob. “But where will you stay?” He removed the duffle bag and passed it to me with a look of concern.
“It’s all good, K-man.” I pulled the strap onto my shoulder. “Thanks for the ride.”

Later that evening, I splurged on some extra comfort by checking into the Peaceful Forest Hotel, a green oasis in Bayside’s downtown core. The room was spotless with minimalist furniture and had lots of natural light. It even smelt fresh and crisp as if it had just rained on the cool earth. After taking a shower and throwing on some pj’s, I chowed down on the delicious house special ─ extra spicy blue cap noodles ─ I perused the copies I’d procured from the desk agent at OOPS.
Was it Sun Tzu that said, if you know yourself but not your enemy, you will be defeated? Or was that General Tao? Anyway, point is, I knew next-to-nothing about Vivian other than she owned the tavern, ran a side hustle as a drug dealer, and had a twisted approach to family planning. Any registered documents in her state profile were considered open information and accessible to the public for a small admin fee. I paid for the ‘Full File Review’ option, which included a customer duplicate. The service at OOPS was excellent, and within an hour, I had everything I needed.
Flipping open the folder, my eyes scanned the first page; Vivian Cale, viper shifter, born to Lee and Korina Cale, August 10th, Year of the Hydra in the Eastern River District. Her mother’s occupation was listed as an anaesthesiologist, and the father was a public executioner. Well, they were certainly optimising their use of venom. Those were both highly paid jobs, which meant Vivian, who was an only child, was probably raised with a certain amount of material comforts.
Hmmmm, I bet she never experienced The Hill’s Leftover Wednesdays.
I read on, mostly skimming over the Magistrar’s child development evaluation results which directed budding Otherworlders to the appropriate school, but paused at the lengthy list of academies little Vivian had been through over the years. In each case, the ‘reason for transfer’ section was blank, which probably meant her parents greased some Magistrar palms to conceal whatever was causing her to bounce around so much.
The last school listed noted something in their comment section, but it was only a number. I checked for that number throughout the remainder of the file and found it cross-referenced in the addendum entitled ‘case notes.’ It referred to an incident registered with the Magistrar’s office in which Vivian assaulted a fellow student. The altercation was serious enough to result in her being expelled and serving four consecutive weekends in Eastern River’s detention centre. After her release, it was as if she’d disappeared. There was nothing noted for a few decades until she purchased the tavern and more recently, the adjoining alleyway.
I spent the next few hours combing through every detail of the file. A couple of things stood out; one was the form of payment made for Snake Bite – a fifty-grain nugget of Onyxium. I didn’t know what that was, so I asterisked it to research later then continued reading. The other oddity was the lack of permits to repair or renovate the pub. Not once did she submit a request for a license to restore or mend anything. A Magistrar inspector had conducted two inspections, and recommendations were made to replace the roof and fenestration, but no fines were given for failure to comply. At the bottom of the deed under the Magistrar’s mandatory ‘Upon Death Clause, Snake Bite is bequeathed to; Vivian had scrawled out Not a damn soul.
That ruled out any family inheritance.
Curious as to what became of her parents, I powered on my laptop and entered their names in the search engine. Obituaries for both popped up. They seemed to have died of natural causes a few years apart, but in each death notice, the surviving family members listed two younger daughters and a son but did not include Vivian’s name. Either she left them, or they disowned her, but there was definitely a severing of ties somewhere. If I had to guess, the assault on the student might have been the reason. Entering the siblings’ names, I came across various social media posts showing happy family photos with the parents attending graduations, tail-wrapping unions, and just sharing snapshots of regular everyday life.
With nothing more to peruse, I checked the web for info on Onyxium. An image showed a black rock that appeared to be a tiny lustrous piece of coal. The footnote below the photo described the stone as a very hard, black metal characterized by its high density and excellent corrosion resistance. Mined from the soil beds of the remote Chelig Mountains in Romania, it is classified as the rarest metal known to Otherworlders.
How did Vivian come to have such a rare stone, and did she have more in her derelict pub?
I glanced at the time on my computer. It was almost 3 a.m. I’d been up for close to twenty-four hours. Hard to believe it was only a day since I’d shared a lovely breakfast at dawn with Eli before meeting the alpha. It felt like all that happened a week ago. Closing over the folder, I made my way to the bathroom, brushed my teeth then fell into bed. Despite the fatigue, I couldn’t shut my thoughts off. I had nothing that would give me leverage to force mommy into divulging who my sperm and egg donor parents were. Given that I supposedly died twenty-three years ago, I doubted she’d be all that happy to see me, much less sit me down with a cup of tea and tell me why she’d gone into hiding during her pregnancy after failing to off me. Knowing her, she’d try and sell me crumbs of information for a lifetime of servitude. No, I needed to tackle this with a completely different approach. After much tossing and turning, an idea came to mind that settled my inner turmoil, making me smile contentedly before I fell into oblivion.


The following morning after checking out, I met Kutmisan at a café across the street from the hotel. He’d expected us to begin our meditation thing right after breakfast, but I told him I needed my days to work on my personal business. However, I promised I’d start the training this evening. Surprisingly, he was okay with that as long as I kept my word and showed up.
“Hand to heart, K-man, I’ll meet you back here at 7 p.m.”
He eyed the list of addresses I’d opened on my notes app and smiled knowingly, “allow me to be your taxi service today. I’m sure it will expedite things for you.”
It definitely would. I was going to rent a car but didn’t see any reason to refuse his offer. “That’d be great, but there’s a lot of distance to cover, so if you want, we can switch out at some point, and I’ll drive.”
“That won’t be necessary, Jessica, but thank you all the same.” He drained his cup of tea and set it on the saucer. “Where would you like to go first?”
I picked up the slivered almonds that had fallen off my scrumptious chocolate and almond croissant, eating every last one of them. “I have a quick stop to make at OOPS, and we’ll see from there.”

Cherry Blossom Boulevard was a cheery suburban street in the Eastern River District, where the houses were uniform in colour and size, and the trees flanking the sidewalk were clipped to lollipop form. Even the planter boxes and flowers were identical. It looked to be the birthplace of every Karen, plaguing the managers of the nation.
“Or maybe it has more of a Stepford Wives kinda feel to the place, don’t you think?” We’d parked a short distance from the home of Amber Dae, nee Cale, Vivian’s youngest sibling and the most outgoing and communicative member of the family; if her social media posts were anything to go by.
“Who is Stepford?” 
“Doesn’t matter,” I said, waving off the question. “Now, do I look the part?” I’d paid for a concoction of spells to go with a cheap pencil-skirt suit, comfortable shoes, and a briefcase.
“You look nervous. She will pick up on that,” he counselled. “Believe you really are a Census officer collecting family information, feel it in your bones, and she won’t become suspicious.”
“I thought that’s what I was doing?”
The Inferna assassin turned to me, waves of magic rolling off of him, filling the car with trance-like, hypnotic energy. “You are Sheryl-Anne Brown,” he pointed to the fake I.D. badge of mediocre quality hanging from the lanyard around my neck. “Agent number 91723. You’ve been with the Data Information unit for three years. Your boss is a prick because he keeps excluding you from important meetings, gives you crap assignments, and checks out your ass whenever he can. You’ve never had a raise and have been passed over for promotions by males with not even six months experience. Your boyfriend’s a dead-beat who lives out of your home, pays no rent, eats your food, and fucks your neighbour while you’re at work. Now, Agent Brown,” he pointed toward the address, “go meet Amber Dae.”
I left the car with the weight of Sheryl-Anne’s life weighing me down. She wasn’t real, but I still wanted to shake her shoulders and tell her us girls deserve better. When I rang the doorbell, Amber, a smiling young woman, answered with a giggling toddler perched on her hip. I introduced myself, gestured to my I.D., and asked if I could have a minute of her time to discuss the upcoming Census. Amber wasn’t suspicious for a second. She welcomed me in, gave me a lovely cup of coffee, and openly discussed family information such as how long she’d been married, how many kids they had, and how her parents had both passed on.
Still feeling the vibe of Agent Brown’s misery, I offered my condolences and alluded to losing my own parents at a young age. “It can change everything within the whole family,” I added sombrely.
That must have tugged on Amber’s heartstrings because she commiserated and explained how their oldest sister was estranged from the family for many years now. Keeping my excitement at learning something about Vivian tamped down, I shook my head sorrowfully. I took a risk in not probing further, and it paid off. Amber continued on, saying her sister had been prone to violent outbursts and refused to take any medication or enter into any form of therapy. After she attacked a student and then their mom, she was no longer welcome in the family.
“It’s so hard,” I sympathized, “because it’s a form of death for the whole family.”
“We lived that exact same experience. We’ve no idea where she ended up or if she’s still alive. But I’d like to think she’s out there,” Amber smiled, “enjoying life, feeling at peace, and most especially, feeling loved.”
“You’re a good person, Mrs. Dae,” I sniffled while collecting my papers and placing them inside my nylon briefcase.
Amber looked at me with pity. “Miss Brown, if you don’t mind me saying so, I hope you find peace too.”
“Thank you. But,” I dabbed a tissue on my cheeks. “I think for that to happen, I need to throw out one big, dead-beat, useless item from my house: Tonight.”
Amber made a fist of victory and gave me a mega-watt smile. “Girl-power!” she stage whispered.
Back at the car, Kutmisan immediately relieved me of the Agent Brown hypnosis magic, and I leaned back against the seat, happy to feel like me again. It was in the not-to-be repeated category.
“Where to next?” He pressed the start button and put the car in drive.
I consulted the copies from OOPS. “About a two hour drive from here, Hovey Falls.”
“Hovey Falls it is,” he said, pulling out onto the road.
Traffic was light, and we made it to the address ninety minutes later. We parked in the visitor’s lot of Sophia Araya’s U-Pick-it Organic Farm just a mile outside the town. From what I’d read in her file, she was the only person living there but had three full-time employees and ten seasonal. One of those employees approached with a wide smile and a basket. After greeting us, he explained what was available for harvesting and where. I inquired if I could talk with the owner and was told where to find her. Kutmisan took the basket and thanked the man while I went off in search of Sophia.
I found her by a pond, herding a gaggle of geese toward a neat row of hutches. From my angle, she had long black hair tied in a ponytail, and olive skin peeked out under a long-sleeved t-shirt.
“Sophia?” I called out as I approached.
She turned around and waved. “Hi, can I help you?” Her smile was beautiful; her eyes, a rich hazel, and just below her dimpled jaw was an old scar where a chunk of her face had been ripped out. The peace-keepers report noted her injury had been serious, and judging by the pink fibrous, tissue it bore all the marks of Vivian’s savage attack. I’d planned on spinning a tale of a youth worker looking to recruit speakers who’d lived through traumatic events to help kids in similar situations, but I just couldn’t lie to her. I couldn’t add to her suffering, but telling the truth might be too big a risk for me.
“Hi, Sophia. So nice to meet you,” I offered my hand, averting my eyes from the mark. “My name is Jess. Do you think we could talk for a minute?”
Sophia’s spine stiffened as her eyes darted about, her body on alert. “What is this about?” She looked at someone behind me, but I forced myself to stay relaxed.
“You okay, Soph?” a male voice said from behind me. I turned to the side so both people could see me and not feel threatened. He was a farmhand and clearly protective.
She kept her gaze trained on me for a long moment before nodding. “I’m good Rom.”
“I won’t be far.” The reassurance for her held a clear threat for me.
When he was out of earshot, she folded her arms. “Best say your piece, Jess.”
I looked around, discomfort making me shift my weight from one foot to another. Deciding it was best to mostly tell the truth, I lifted the hem of my blouse and lowered the waistband of my skirt to show her my scar. “Vivian,” is all I said. Her eyes widened for a moment before she peered around my back, following the mottled tissue to where it ended. “I was only five years old when I got it.”
Sophia’s hands shot to her face, covering her emotions. “I thought she was dead. I thought she couldn’t hurt anyone anymore.”
“She’s alive. And while I wouldn’t wish death on anyone,” I said, fixing my clothes, “I could be persuaded to make one exception.” I chuckled mirthlessly.
“Is that why you’re here, to see if I’ll help you? Because I’ll be straight with you, I won’t. I hate what she did, but I’ve moved on.”
“I’m not here for that. I’d never expect anyone to take on my problems with her.” I could see Kutmisan crossing the field with a basket on his shoulder. Surprisingly, he’d committed to the role wholeheartedly. “If you can, I just need you to tell me what happened that day. Why did she attack you?” The peace-keepers report was inconsistent. It stunk of deliberate omissions.
“Tell me how you got yours,” she retorted with a challenging tone.
This is where I needed to fudge the truth some more and pretend the Koorima, a lovely compassionate woman, had been Vivian. “Came back from class one day, was told I had a badness in me, was pinned down, and had fire poured over my skin. I spent days fighting for my life. The state removed me from her care, and I never saw her again after that.”
A look of horror crossed her face. “She’s….she’s your mother???!!!!”
I grimaced at hearing someone else speak the truth aloud for the first time. “I prefer to call her Moo, you know ‘cause she’s a cow. I was in foster care for most of my life.”
She rushed forward and wrapped me in a hug of pure pity. “I’m so sorry for you, Jess. It must’ve been hell living with her.”
We broke apart, and I just shrugged. “I can’t remember most of it anyway. Now, though, I’m ready to prosecute. But I need the truth about her aggressive personality, and the files aren’t giving me the whole picture.”
“Her parents paid out a lot of hush-hush money over the years. That’s why the victim statements don’t add up.”
“Why were they protecting her when she was clearly violent?”
Sophia harrumphed. “They were protecting their jobs, their status, and their image. They were happy to sweep it all under the table.”
“That must’ve been very hard on you and your family.”
She looked off into the distance and croaked, “It was. I had six surgeries and spent four months in the hospital, while she spent four weekends in a V.I.P. cell in the detention centre. We almost lost this farm the bills were so high. If Vivian had been held criminally responsible, we would have been insured, but the way it was reported, I was the instigator, and the Magistrar denied our claim. But I didn’t start anything,” she exclaimed. “I was putting my books away in my locker, and…well, I’m a lizard shifter, and I felt my reptile freak out because she was nearby and on the prowl. She had this thing where she’d allow her mouth to partially shift, exposing her fangs, releasing drops of venom, then walk amongst the students scaring them to death. If Rom hadn’t been there, she’d have killed me.” She gestured toward Rom, who had come closer to check on her, “She’d locked onto my throat, but he managed to pry open her jaw. She made sure to snap off a chunk of my skin before walking away laughing.”
Now it was my turn to cover my mouth in disbelief. “I’m so sorry you had to go through that. I can’t believe you were denied justice, and she was allowed to roam free.”
“She’s the deadliest species of viper out there with psychopathic tendencies.”
“Is that on any official record?”
“No,” she pressed her lips lightly for a moment. “When I came out of hospital, I made it my mission to expose her. But I wasn’t able to get anything against her that would hold up in court except for one thing to do with her birth.”
“What was that?”
“Viper shifters are born human and only experience their first shift at puberty. She shifted in the womb, meaning she tried to eat her way out. Doctors did an emergency C-section before she killed her mother.”
It sounded like something out of the movie Alien. I couldn’t believe the mother went on to have other kids. “Do they know why the shift happened so early?”
“There’s a doctor in Germany who wrote an article on early signs of psychotic behaviour in shifters. Vivian matched most of the criteria, but without an expert conducting an evaluation on her specifically, it would have been my word against hers and her parents.” Sophia gazed at her feet, afraid to look me in the eye. “They say those kind of psychotic tendencies are genetic.”
I would have laughed, except that would have come across as unstable. “I appreciate the heads-up,” I smiled and delivered another lie. “But I got tested for the crazy gene and can say I’m fortunate it skipped me.”
She appeared relieved. “So, what are you going to do?”
Rom stepped up beside her, which was my cue to leave. “I’m not sure yet, but if you want, I’ll get word to you on how things turn out.”
“I’d like that very much.” She reached out and gave me a brief hug. “Be careful, okay?”
“I’ll try.” I patted her back then broke away. “This stays between us, though, okay? If she gets a hint someone’s coming for her, she might take me out of the picture.”
“I won’t say a word, I promise.”


My eyes squinted shut as I concentrated really hard on relaxing. The dojo’s ceiling fan spun above but provided little ventilation. Quietening the mind was easier said than done, as was trying to be one with the universe, whatever that was.
“You look constipated, Jess.” Lithely, he stepped into view and offered me his hand to help me up. “According to that simple evaluation, you have much to learn.” He bowed with a smile, “Welcome to day one of practice.”
“K-man,” I replied, mimicking his gesture. “Thank you for that demonstration of how inept I am.”
His smile was so wide folds formed in the skin around his eyes. “It is an honour.”
As predicted, we’d arrived at the Dojo an hour earlier and had a bite to eat before getting into the ring for a quick evaluation, which I’d just failed. It had been a long day, and I’d wanted nothing more than to curl up in bed, but I think I’d have been flayed if I’d suggested such a thing. 
K-man pointed to the rear of the gym. “There are two rooms at the back which have been converted to sleeping quarters. The shower is to the right, and you’ve already seen the kitchen. We live here until the connection to your mage is fully restored or until the shift occurs.” 
“Sounds great.” I grimaced at the thought of non-stop training. I was definitely a couch potato type. 
“Just so we’re clear, Jessica, there will be no returning to The Yards.”
My heart pinched again. “It doesn’t matter. I wasn’t going to go back anyway.”
“Zeke does not know about you being here?” Kutmisan’s eyebrows rose slightly, which meant he was really surprised.
“What I do is none of Zeke’s business. Besides, he’s off dealing with his marital problems in Faerie.” I was proud of how I managed to say that in a neutral tone.
The assassin smiled again, “I have no doubt that your Opilio will find you no matter where you are.” He lifted the rope bordering the ring for me to pass through. “Our session ends early tonight in order to give you time to settle in. Tomorrow, we start at seven p.m. as agreed upon. Any questions?”
I exited the dohyo, and stood facing him. “Why are you doing this, K-man?” What motivated a man who, according to Zeke, had left countless dead in his wake, to want to help me?
He remained silent and so stoic I thought he wasn’t going to respond, but then he surprised me by saying, “Redemption.” I went to probe further, but he held up a palm. “I will say no more, Jessica, and I ask that you respect my privacy.”
“Okay, no more questions on why you want to redeem yourself by teaching me to kill or maim something from paradise.”
He shook his head in feigned dismay. “Once your training commences in earnest, the last thing you’ll have time for is questions on my past. Now, go to bed, Little One, and sleep well, for rest will soon be a luxury.”

The following morning, after a light breakfast, Kutmisan and I set out for the small rural village called Temple Oaks, a three-hour drive from the dojo. According to the OOPS file, this was the last person with ties to Vivian, but I wasn’t holding out much hope of it being a fruitful encounter. So far, all I’d managed to learn was, Vivian’s sister Amber was a normal, loving person who felt the rift her sister’s absence had created in the family. And Sophia, the organic farmer, was scarred for life by a psychopath who’d been protected by systemic corruption. If I confronted Vivian with that, she’d crack up laughing and tell me to piss off.
Bo Davis was my last hope. He’d been the owner of, what was then, Bo’s Jerk Pit, a Jamaican eatery and bar that had been the mainstay of Fern View life for close to fifty years. He sold the establishment to Vivian, and the reason for the sale was listed as retirement. However, a few months after the transaction, Bo filed a lawsuit against Vivian for allegedly cheating on the payment. The document was loaded with lawyerly jargon but the bottom line was, the case got thrown out and never made it to the courts.
Pulling up to the barrier in front of Bo’s property, it was clear he wasn’t interested in having company if the multiple threatening signs to ‘stay the hell away’ were any indication. I’d tried to call ahead to see if he’d prefer to meet at a café or park, but he never picked up and didn’t have voice mail. The rundown bungalow needed some love, and the grass could have done with a good mowing. Weeds were claiming a couple of rusted patio chairs that had toppled over.
Kutmisan stood a short distance away, out of sight. I hadn’t asked him to join me, but he insisted, saying the guy could answer the door by shooting first before asking who’s there. With that in mind, I tapped gently on the wooden door, then dashed to the side out of range. K-man signalled he’d go around the back, quickly disappearing out of sight. I felt cold the metal barrel against my neck just as the click of the gun cocking resounded.
Instinctively, I raised both hands. “I’m unarmed,” I gushed with a tremor, and went to turn around but the metal dug painfully into my skin. “I’m here to speak with Bo Davis. My name is Jess Darrows.”
“Whatcha want with Bo?” the lilting voice inquired gruffly.
“I mean him no harm. I just want to talk to him if he’s around.”
“Is that why you have d’Asian man watching de back?”
“He should’ve stayed in the car, but you know, men, they never listen.”
A clang of metal rang out, followed by a hiss of pain as the senior citizen fell over while K-man divested him of his weapon. 
“What did you do?” I accused the assassin while helping the mocha-skinned gent, who fit the description of Bo Davis, to his feet. 
He cradled his damaged hand and cursed up a storm. “Now my hand’s outta whack, and I gotta feed Milly, dammit.”
“K-man, apologize! He wasn’t going to shoot me!”
“I coulda,” Bo argued.
“You’re not helping,” I admonished. “C’mon, let’s get you inside and look at that hand. You’re Bo Davis, right?”
“I might be,” he mumbled, shuffling indoors.
“I’m Jess, and this is K-man.”
He rubbed his gnarled hand. “Dammit, you’re gonna stay and feed Milly coz I ain’t able to.”
“Of course we will. Is she your dog?”
“She’s my wife!!!!” he exclaimed in horror.
“Terribly sorry, Bo. Really didn’t mean to insult you or your wife.” Bo sank heavily onto the kitchen chair. “K-man, see if you can see what’s wrong with his arm, and Bo, tell me what Milly likes to eat.”
An hour later, I pulled up the blankets over the frail elderly lady, who was in an advanced state of dementia and softly swept her hair off her face. I hadn’t planned on washing her and changing her diaper, but Bo’s wrist needed healing. K-man drove to the supermarket, stocked up on groceries, then prepared toasted chicken and bacon sandwiches for everyone. I noticed Inferna’s guard filled the bare cupboards with enough food to feed Bo and Milly for several months. The gesture wasn’t lost on Bo, who became less frosty.
“I thought ye be with the bank. They haven’t sent anyone in a while, but they never tire of calling a man.”
“I’ve been there,” I confided. “I lost everything last year, almost ended up living under a bridge too. But, someone helped me out, and I’m getting back on my feet.”
“That’s tough no matter what age you at.” He looked around at the peeling paint and cracked floorboards. “It wasn’t always like this. I was smart with my money. Didn’t buy anything I didn’t need and ran my business like a tight ship. But I was conned by that damn viper,” he ground out. “She paid for my bar with a nugget of Onyxium. Dudes over at the Magistrar’s office tested it and confirmed it was the real deal, and the sale went through. A few days later, when I take the rock from my safe, it’s shrunk! Gone from a couple of ounces to a damn gram. I fought tooth and nail with everyone involved, but they blamed me, said I cut the stone or some bull crap like that. I even went down there to confront Vivian myself, but she bat-shit crazy, shifted into a damn Saw-Scale viper and bit me good. Almost took me out, too. I’m an iguana, myself. I ain’t got what takes to take on no viper. Had to swallow my pride and sell the rock. Only got a tenth of what my bar was worth and had no recourse. I lost everything. Screwed over by that no good snake!”
“She’s been doing that to everyone she’s crossed since the day she was born. I’m trying to take her down, but I can’t get anything on her. It’s like she’s in some sort of Kevlar bubble because she’s been dodging the law a long time.”
He eyed us for a long moment. “You really gonna take her down?”
“One hundred percent,” I promised.
“Spell it and swear it,” he said, offering his hand. Similar to the confidentiality spell I made with K-man, this was a simple veracity spell to prove my intentions were genuine. Satisfied that I’d spoken the truth, he leaned back and nodded. “They be a curse on her bar. Put it there myself.” There was a hint of pride in that statement.
“What kind of curse was that?”
“Dishonesty exposed, decay unopposed.”
“Oh, my Goddess!” I smiled. “You made her building decay!”
“With every dishonest action, some part of that bar falls off. It can’t be repaired, and nobody can undo the curse. She knows it too.”
“You’re a genius, Bo,” I laughed. “Her place is literally falling apart. I’m surprised it hasn’t crumbled already.”
“The best thing is, she doesn’t know who created it. She thinks I paid someone to cast it. Told me as much one night when she came over here looking for a fight. I played the weak iguana who’d lost it all and didn’t have no damn money for no damn spell with that much power. There was some truth to that. I had lost everything, but the curse I cast came from my ancestors buried out by the temple. They powered me up and gave me the juice I needed. Took me about six months to recuperate from the casting,” his smile was impish, “worth every minute of it, though.” 
“I bet it was,” I replied, impressed with his gumption. Using necromancy without the skills and years of practice was a huge risk. There’s nothing like seething anger to throw caution to the wind.
“So, you have what you need to go get her?”
“Not quite. What would it take to undo the curse?”
He leaned forward, his grin devilish. “Get me what I’m owed, and I’ll come over and reverse the curse myself.”
I smiled and pumped his hand. “Bo Davis, you got yourself a deal.”


That evening, I was feeling so hyped up it was hard to be still physically, let alone mentally. Thoughts of confronting Vivian both scared and excited me. I felt I had enough leverage to get her to reveal the truth about my biological parents, but I couldn’t get overly confident because it could all backfire in an instant.
Wearing yoga pants and a top, I sat cross-legged in the ring’s center, mirroring the pose of a very calm and focused assassin. He was vetted in a martial arts outfit consisting of a long skirt and coat-like top. Eying the outfit, I hoped he had boxers on underneath.
He tapped his temple. “Mental preparation comes first. If you have clarity of mind, even under the most brutal situations, your chances of success will be far higher than any physical strength you may have. But, in order for the mind to be strong, it must first be in perfect harmony with the spirit and the body. Fatigue must not get in the way. You must confront all aspects of yourself before you can think of confronting any entity or enemy.”
“I’m ready to wax on and wax off,” I yawned. His confused look had me explain about a certain Karate kid’s experience with Mr. Myiagi.
“This is not Karate. This is one aspect of Kendo. Bushido is not only the way of the sword but a soul-deep moral code by which you will live and breathe until the entity expulsion occurs.”
My hand rose upward to signal I had a question. “Any idea when that’ll happen?”
“Believe me, every supernatural being on the planet will know. Even the more ‘awakened’ humans will sense the massive energy shift. It will be as clear as the sun in the sky.”
“Were you around when the last one happened?” I ventured, hoping to learn something about this enigmatic man.
“The past is only something to learn from not dwell on,” he countered cryptically. “Today, your battle with this entity begins and it will not end until it is either vanquished or victorious.”
My brows pulled into a deep frown. “Hang on, if the entity is victorious, doesn’t that mean I’m dead?”
“As a warrior, you must prepare for death. When you face your enemy, there should be nothing left undone or unsaid. No fear or regrets should sway your courage, for your heart, mind, and soul should be as solid as the hardest stone.”
I wasn’t prepared to think of actually ending a life, even one that Heaven didn’t want. “But a mage doesn’t kill, right? She only codes.”
“You will face an immortal that cannot be killed. However, maiming it severely in order to code it will most likely be necessary. This training teaches the warrior about compassion and mercy because they will learn how to inflict great harm or, possibly, death on someone.”
Lumiel had said the last mage died seconds after coding him. If she was victorious yet still died, what went wrong? “You know, there’s a rumour going around that the ink mage dies no matter how successful her mission.”
“And where did this information come from?” His tone was sceptical.
I debated whether to reveal my source or not, then decided Lumiel had probably told everyone who would listen about the coder’s demise. “It was Lumiel, actually.”
“There are currently nine hundred and fifty-two self-reported statements of his story preserved in Inferna archives. I read every single one and came to the conclusion that he cannot remember the truth, so do not focus on his word, focus on your goals which are,” he held up three fingers. “Merge with your mage, code the beast and return to us in one piece.” He adjusted his position to sit with his spine ramrod straight. “Now, we meditate.”
Seven hours later, having had only two short breaks throughout the entire session, I was almost falling asleep standing up. The level of exercise I’d been put through left me feeling wiped out, to the extent I’d need to be resuscitated just to get to the bedroom. To make matters worse, when Kutmisan had said earlier we were finished, he lied because then we had to clean the Dojo. On. All. Fours.
“Drink more water.” Kutmisan pushed another bottle into my hand. He was slurping leftover noodles off his chopsticks. I had to give him props for the excellent Japanese cuisine he had specially catered and delivered to the Dojo. I’d eaten healthily and copiously during each break, but now, I was done. I wanted nothing more than to simply shower and sleep.
“Night, K-man.” I tucked the bottle under my arm. “Thanks for all your help, not just here, but with the personal stuff too.”
He made a small bow at my gratitude. “There is homework you must do each day.”
“What?! No way, dude! I’m barely managing Vivian’s crap and this Mage Boot Camp thing as it is.”
My protests fell on deaf ears. “Put your affairs in order. That way, should you die, your remains will be processed according to your instructions.” He pulled a paper from the wide sleeve of his kimono and slid it toward me. “I’ve created this to assist you. It’s not exhaustive.”
“Thought you said I wasn’t going to die,” I threw out tartly while snatching up the envelope.
The corner of his lip tugged up slightly. “We are all going to die, Jessica. Best be prepared for such an eventuality.”
Once I’d showered, I put on my pj’s and fell into bed content with the progress we’d made. My mage had come forward twice, and while she didn’t stay long, she didn’t snub me either. I knew I had a lot more work to do, but I felt she enjoyed both the physical and mental workouts. I intended to do both to the best of my ability if it helped us reconnect.
Pulling K-man’s bucket list from the envelope, I noticed it was entitled “Before occupying the Lotus Throne.” Curious as to what seat of power he was referring to, I grabbed my phone and Googled the term. It took a few minutes of filtering through floral art sites before I found an article describing how some Samurais believed that in the afterlife, they were reborn on a lotus throne. I’d had enough with thrones and monarchs to last me a lifetime, so I only skimmed through the first few items. They ended up generating a whole slew of questions like, how do I make a will? Cremation or burial? Memorial service or just fling my ashes into a pile of manure and make mushrooms? And who would be emceeing the funeral or the flinging of my ashes? I’d probably have to name an executor, and if this list was anything to go by, they’d have a lot of admin crap to deal with. On a positive note, I had very few possessions, so at least that side of things would be a cinch to resolve. Zeke immediately came to mind, but I shoved that thought into an airtight compartment, never to open again. Jimmy might agree to take on the task, but I hated putting this burden on her. I wasn’t going to resolve anything tonight, so I placed the paper on the floor, turned on my side, and was out like a light.


It was nearing ten p.m. the following night when I entered Snake Bite Tavern with K-man bringing up the rear. His duster flapped by his sides as he crossed the room, two massive swords strapped to his back and a plethora of daggers and blades hung from a low slung belt. I was dressed for a yoga session because I didn’t have time to shop for a kick-ass leather outfit. Besides, I’d heard leather pants were unkind to a v-jay-jay’s microenvironment – so leggings it was. In terms of weapons, I had one dagger, one bag of ink powder, three potions and a sharp tongue.
The raucous laughter died away as our presence was noticed. Nobody tried to intercept us, but I figured that was because of the man at my back. A few must’ve had past dealings with him because they scrambled outside as fast as their drunken legs could carry them.
Walking right up to the bar, Paz the troll appeared frozen to the spot, his regard fearful. “Paws!” I chimed with a smile. “We have got to stop meeting like this!” He didn’t speak but simply nodded. “Is the lovely lady of the house about?” I was guessing she was in her hovel of an office. He automatically shifted his gaze upwards while pointing to the living space above the bar.
“Awesome!” I smiled widely. “Now, my buddy here is gonna make sure you don’t try and offer any assistance to Vivian, otherwise he’ll just lob your head off. Got it?” Paz nodded eagerly. “Glad you understand. But I’ll keep you busy just to be sure.” Turning to face the patrons who had become too quiet, I cheered, “Drinks on the house for everyone!”
The raucous roar was almost deafening. Paz looked like he wanted to run as orders started coming in from all directions. I smiled, pointed my finger and thumb like a gun in his direction, then headed upstairs to confront Mommy.
Chapter 10

Climbing the dilapidated, creaky stairs was like a form of parkour as I dodged missing or broken steps and rotting wood, all the while trying to keep my racing heart and nerves under control. Since leaving Bo’s place, I’d spent my time prepping for this encounter. Vivian was a Saw Scale viper, the deadliest of her kind. The species gained that reputation, not because they had the longest fangs, or the deadliest venom, although their venom could kill you in three days, but because they were the most aggressive and killed more people every year than any other snake in the world. From what I’d garnered in talking to Amber Dae, Sophia Araya, and Bo Davis, Vivian was more viper than human and had little control over her animal side.
At the top of the landing was a gaping hole that required ballet skills to manoeuvre around it. I certainly didn’t possess the grace to tiptoe along the narrow ledges, not in my ratty-tatty sneakers anyway, so I leapt across the divide and grabbed the knob of the door for support. But before I could utter a spell to unlock it, the door flew open with such force I sailed past a shocked Vivian and landed on her living room floor. The place was a dive. A stinky hovel unfit for humans.
A pale brown snake, not even a foot long with an arrow-shaped head and a white wavy line contouring black rhombus markings extending over serrated scales, threw itself into a double coil. The grating sound of those scales rubbing against each other was something I’d carry to my grave. Any sudden movements, and she’d strike. I had to get her back to human form.
“I’ve come to make a deal, Vivian.” I wasn’t proud of my quivering voice, but damn, she was one scary son of a bitch. Oh wait, that would make me the grandchild of the bitch. Yeah, nix that. “Just you and me. This has nothing to do with Zeke.”
Funny how he was the only one she really feared. I wondered if she’d seen him as Zaqiel, or did she just sense he was the predator, and she was the prey. She remained poised to pounce, so I tried again. “I’ve got intel that can get this fleapit repaired.” Scales scraping was the ominous response that this was going south. “I know the witch who created the curse, and she owes me.”
The transformation to human was almost instantaneous. Naked, she pulled a robe from the back of a chair, and the odour of piss and days-old sweat was cloying to the point of being nauseating. Coppery skin with a greenish hue covered her mole-infested flabby breasts, which stretched low over a protruding belly. The hairiest bush this side of World War Two had me retch aloud. Indifferent to my disgust, she tied the robe closed then yelled at me to speak.
“What’s in it for me?” I volleyed. “That’s a very valuable piece of information.”
Her reptilian eyes became slits, her lips tightening up so much it exposed her black gums. “You came here for something. Say it, and don’t waste my time.”
I ignored the hive of bees buzzing in my stomach. “Who were the parents of the child you bore as a surrogate twenty-plus years ago?”
While I was gleefully swinging on my imaginary wrecking ball with Miley singing how we never hit so hard, Vivian’s expression, albeit brief, was one of utter shock.
“You’re delusional, witch!” she spat, and I worried if there were particles of venom in the saliva that landed on my skin. “I’ve never had a child. A waste of good money is what they are.”
I glanced around the room, “opulence is clearly your thing. I get it.” Riling her up probably wasn’t a good idea, but I had a lifetime of pain, of feeling unworthy and never being good enough that I couldn’t help but get as many digs in as possible. “Pity, really, because you’ve totally got that maternal vibe going for you.”
“Get out!!!” she yelled, her mouth half-shifting to reveal those deadly venom blasters.
“You don’t wanna deal,” I shrugged, “fine by me. You got about another month before that roof caves in. Less if a storm hits.” I’d made it as far as the door and began to worry she hadn’t bought my bluff. I didn’t have a plan B to get the information. K-man offered to ‘cut’ through all the hassle and just extract the information from her, but that would mess up his redemption goal, and I didn’t have the stomach to see someone flayed alive, not even Vivian.
 “Get back here!” she yelled.
“Make up your mind, Vi,” I tsked, returning just inside the door. “Now, deal or no deal?”
“Did that filthy back-stabbing fairy tell you?” Her eyes widened, madness dancing within. “I’m gonna kill her. Rip her apart with my bare hands!!!”
My heart lurched to think of sweet Avens in Vivian’s clutches. “I put her in the ground. She isn’t carrying any secrets with her to the grave.” I waved my hand impatiently.
“Why is this of any interest to you?” She looked me up and down suspiciously. “Aren’t you just Zeke’s whore?”
My hand shot out, grabbing her throat and squeezing hard. “Aren’t you just a violent, drug-dealing con artist with hygiene issues? Don’t mess with me, Vivian because you won’t win.”
If she partially shifted, her fangs wouldn’t be able to do any damage. My mage attempted to come forward, and I was so happy she did, but I thanked her and asked her to wait, preferring she help out if Vivian went all viper on me.
I shoved the shifter away hard enough that she stumbled but righted herself at the last second. “I want proof this place can be fixed up,” she railed. “You could be bullshitting me.”
I’d anticipated that and forked out five thousand dollars on a whopper of a restoration spell. The thirty millilitres was originally half that price, but I paid more to have it boosted, so the effects lasted three days. “I can give you a demonstration, but it’s gonna cost you.”
She stomped her foot in rage. “Yes! I had a child.” There was no remorse in her voice, nothing to indicate she regretted what happened. “But it’s dead, and good riddance to it.” She hocked a lump of phlegm onto the floor. The wood sizzled, forming a hole about six inches wide, which explained the state of the stairs and landing. “Now, show me!!!!”
Pushing down a whirlwind of emotions, I stepped closer, my stance menacing. “You’re not paying attention, Vi. I tortured the fairy. I know you had a child and paid her to kill it. The question is, who were the parents of the child? I want names, or there’s no demonstration.”
She leaned back before straightening her spine and nodding her understanding. Extracting the vial from my bra, I removed the stopper, dabbed a dot of red liquid onto my index finger, and squatted beside the hole she’d just created. Murmuring the incantation, I smeared the edge of the wood, hiding my amazement at how the wooden boards knitted themselves back together, becoming flawlessly whole.
“Names,” I clipped, re-corking the vial and tucking it into my bra. It was as if the viper hadn’t heard me. Mesmerized, she began slapping the floor with her foot, checking if what she was seeing was real. I snapped my fingers in quick succession to grab her attention.
When her gaze shot to mine, her eyes gleamed momentarily then narrowed as if she was conjuring up a way to work this to her advantage. “A name for an area,” she said, pointing to my boobs. She meant the vial sitting in there.
“Best answer my question,” my tone was impatient. She was messing with me, and I had to maintain the upper hand. “You don’t get three strikes. Just one, and this transaction isn’t going down.”
She folded her arms, struggling to say their names. “Dasco Vari,” her voice croaked with unshed tears. “and…..and..” she growled, “Galina Nor…” she suddenly pivoted away, clenched her fists, stomping her foot violently. “His bitch of a mother-fucking whore-scrubbing slag, nympho fucking hellcat!!!!!!!!!” Her fury was explosive. She grabbed things at random, flinging them at the walls, out the window and toward me. She would’ve hit me too, only I ducked just in time.
Hearing the names of my father and mother settled something in me I couldn’t explain. I yearned to know more about them, like were they in love, but childless? Had Dasco cheated on Galina with Vivian, or was Vivian delusional and believed he loved her? Why did they back out of the arrangement? To get those answers, I needed to rein in Fern View’s own Furiosa.
I wasn’t sure whether I should be understanding or impatient. I went with the latter. “So some guy screwed you over? Get it out of your system and move the hell on. We’re working here.”
The snake shot through the air, jaw extended, fangs wet, and eyes bulging. In my haste to escape, I staggered backwards out the front door, and down through the gaping hole in the landing. The pain I expected to feel from hitting the ground didn’t come. I must’ve landed in some sort of unlit basement loaded with boxes and junk. Her office was like that, so it wasn’t a huge leap to assume every other room was a dump. The pain came when the serpent’s fangs clamped into my thigh. I tried pulling her head back, but she dug in deeper, so I grabbed her tail and twisted it sharply upwards, putting enough strain on spine that she had to let go. The release made her shift forms, and she collapsed in a heaving mass, her moley-smelly body far too close for comfort. If I puked on her, she had no one to blame but herself.
“Get off,” I slapped her head weakly. The venom was racing through my bloodstream. I called on my mage, but she didn’t answer. Despite the frustration and pain, my only thought was to learn more about Dasco and Galina. “Last chance for renovations, Viper,” I touted weakly. “You want your place spic and span, then tell me the truth.” 
Vivian began to sob. Breathing became difficult. My heart felt like a bullet train leaving Tokyo station, and my leg was completely numb. I didn’t want to pass out. I wanted to hear the truth. 
“The truth?” the viper asked. “I loved a monster. That’s the truth.” Chiding her about being vague was a lost cause because talking was impossible. “He was an ex-Solomonari. Beautiful, understanding, demanding. He took my body and made it sing with pleasure. Power was his god, and he worshipped it through the ultimate source, creation. He had many girls, and although Galina was special, I was his love. He only wanted all the others for their cycles so he could merge it with Hers. I was his pride and joy, the first to conceive, to successfully carry his seed, Galina’s egg and Her essence in my body.”
“Three?” I gasped, breathing hard. There were three elements in me, which Haff had also discovered. “Who the heck was the third one?”
“Dasco’s sperm, Galina’s egg, and Suya’s essence.” She sat up weakly now that all the fight had left her. “I carried the child until he discovered Suya’s essence was too weak; barely present. Then Galina gets pregnant, and Suya’s essence was off the charts. Dasco dumped me on the spot, focusing all his attention and love on Galina. When he threw me out, I hexed the child in me, but it wouldn’t die, so I asked that ugly bitch fairy to kill her, and she did.”
“What happened to the others?”
Vivian laughed maniacally, then reached over and plucked the vial from my bra. “My snake ate Galina and her child, as well as Suya. Dasco escaped, but I found him years later. We have an agreement of sorts these days.” She laughed, held up the vial, and said, “have the witch lift the curse, and I’ll tell you all about Suya.”
She shifted again and went to slither away, but my mage came through and gave me the strength to hold the viper in a chokehold. A beam of light flashed overhead, and K-man came into view just before a Peacekeeper peered around him.
“Bayside Authorities. Do not move.”
“No problem. I can’t breathe anyway.”


Two days in the territory’s General hospital, and I had more blood taken from me than Happy Hour with Jett Dragos. I was pumped with enough anti-venom I qualified for the cover of a Marvel magazine. What bummed me out the most was no text had come in from anyone in The Yards. They probably didn’t know what happened, but I would have loved to have chatted with them and told them how I missed them, even though I know I was the one who walked away. When my thoughts weren’t on The Yards, they churned constantly around the trio of individuals responsible for my existence. From what I could piece together, I’d three mothers and a father. Galina contributed an egg, Suya, her essence, and Vivian her womb. Dasco was the jizzinator and the one controlling the impregnation. The way Vivian described it, Suya had unique power, and he’d wanted to recreate that in a new life. I was the first successful pregnancy but failed to carry Suya’s magic. Galina got pregnant, and that child had a higher dose of what Dasco wanted. He ditched Vivian to concentrate on Galina. Vivian, who probably wasn’t the most stable individual to begin with, went crazy, hexed me, bore me, and had me killed. I think she truly loved Dasco and couldn’t come to terms with him ditching her, so she took what he cherished. 
In retrospect, Leftover Wednesdays at The Hills was better than growing up with Dasco and Co. Parsons’ love in its form of shelter, protection, and guidance was way better than being raised in a toxic fourgie. When this was all over, I would find a way to honour Galina, my sibling who never made it to birth, and Suya, the unknown. None of them deserved the ending they got. But what of Dasco? Where was he today, and what agreement did he maintain with Vivian? Were they friends with benefits? What kind of benefits? The smelly-moley booby kind or the hold-a-hoard-of Zolta-for-me kind? More digging was required, but I wouldn’t get anything done stuck here.
Fortunately, I didn’t have to wait long and was given the okay to leave on the evening of the second day. Kutmisan helped get me discharged, although he hadn’t visited once because clearly, he was uncomfortable in a hospital setting. He grudgingly mentioned he’d sent enough people into the ground or surgery and left it at that.
On the ride back to the dojo, he related what happened at Snake Bite while Vivian and I were in ‘negotiations.’ The call for free drinks I’d used as a distraction led to an all-out brawl that spilled out onto the streets. K-man was in the thick of it until the peacekeepers showed up. When they stormed the building, he left the melee and headed upstairs. He’d just peered through the hole in the floorboards when the police arrived seconds later. And it turns out I’d crashed onto an entire hoard of the drug Zolta. Vivian had since been arrested, was facing a slew of accusations, and was looking at a lot of time in an Otherworlder Penitentiary. Initially, I’d been charged with assault, but that was quickly deemed to be self-defence when evidence of the fall, the serious bite, and my statement were congruent with Vivian’s version. Surprisingly, she hadn’t lied about attacking, but she totally lied about the drugs. For now, nobody believed her bullshit story that it was a delivery error, and she was remanded in custody.
By the time K-man pulled up in front of the dojo, I was wiped out. The venom hadn’t left my system but was being slowly neutralized with an antitoxin elixir. Apparently, I’d know my blood was cleansed when my pee wasn’t purple anymore.
Life goals; normal coloured urine.
“Jess?” K-man prompted as he stood at the open door. “You coming?”
“Be right there.”
Once inside, the smell of lemon-scented wax elicited an inward groan associated with never-ending workouts, and paradoxically, delicious Japanese food. K-man retreated to his room, saying hospitals did his head in. I called out a thanks for helping me, but he just raised a bottle of Saké in a ‘cheers’ gesture and closed the door.
Later that night, as I lay in bed, I thought about Bo Davis and how I hadn’t managed to secure the money he’d lost in the sale. Technically, Vivian was in a holding facility, but for how long, I wasn’t sure. Would Paz run things in her stead? Trolls weren’t known for being the brains of anything as they were solidly cemented in the brawn category.
I got up and checked the pockets of the yoga jacket I’d worn that night and found both potions had survived the fall because I’d tucked them into a pocket below the chest. One was a glamour draught, the other a ticket-to-ride. The latter transported the person out of their immediate area in a flash. How far depended on how much it cost. I’d paid enough to get fifty meters away. I’d have preferred several miles, but I blew my budget on the restoration juice, which Vivian stole.
I needed answers, and there were only two places I could get them: Snake Bite and the detention centre.

The following morning, bright and early, I stood near the Dark Moon Emporium, calculating approximately fifty meters from Snake Bite, which was showing no signs of last night’s disturbance. I’d borrowed K-man’s car because he was still sleeping off the Saké. I unscrewed the vial, whispering the destination incantation before downing it in one gulp, then waited for it to kick in. When nothing happened, I checked the details on the back of the vial.
Allow thirty seconds to activate.
Suddenly, I was flung into the air and shoved through the wall of the pub before landing in a heap inside the viper’s disgusting office. Bright side was. I hadn’t been hurt, and I didn’t trigger any wards. Vivian mustn’t have had a chance to raise them while being arrested. Brushing myself off, I wasted no time in searching for a way to get Bo his money.
Four hours later, covered in sweat and dirt and surrounded by junk, I was still at square one, plus the bar was due to open. Paz was the last person I wanted to cross, so I hurried upstairs, albeit with difficulty, to the filthy apartment and began rummaging around, looking for a safe or a heavily warded area. I checked her bedroom, bathroom, kitchen, and living room, but came up empty. Exhausted, I plopped on the couch and stared around at items I hadn’t touched; the painting on the wall, the tribal mask, and the mirror.
There was nothing behind the painting, only a lone spider. The tribal mask tried to bite me when I placed my fingers over its mouth, but the mirror, when I moved it, undulated like a wave on the ocean. My excitement soared.
“Boss? You back?” Paz called from downstairs.
Shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit!
My hands trembled badly as I tried to retrieve the glamour potion. His heavy footsteps pounded on the stairs and I don’t know what kind of structural miracle was keeping them intact.
“Did they release you early?” he inquired, sounding like he was near the landing.
I pulled off the stopper, dashed to the bathroom, whispered the spell using Vivian’s name, and waited.
A heavy rap sounded on the main door. “Everything okay?”
Checking in the mirror, I exhaled a sigh of relief at my ugly appearance. Vivian treated Paz like dog meat, so I put on my best glare, stormed to the door and snapped, “Well, don’t just stand there, open up.”
“Sure thing, Boss,” he replied happily before pounding back down the stairs.
Closing the door behind him, I dashed over to the mirror, gingerly placing my hand against the liquid but couldn’t penetrate it. Ghostly whispers of Vivian Cale echoed on the wind, the spell taking its sweet time scrutinizing my presence. Finally, when it was positive I was the snake shifter, my arm reached into the glass, and what I saw almost made me whoop aloud. Stacks of cash and other items I couldn’t identify were mine for the taking. Knowing the glamour wouldn’t last very long, I began pitching bundles of notes over my shoulder onto the living room floor. Thump, thump, thump, the packages landed around my feet. There were two velvet pouches – a black and a green one. I reached for both, but the black one wouldn’t budge.
Green one it is.
Once I’d extracted the purse from the mirror, I tracked down the biggest bag I could find and stuffed everything inside. Heaving it over my shoulder had me land on my ass, hard. I stood up, adjusted my position and walked in a hunched manner to support the weight of the fortune. I left the apartment, taking care to close the door behind me. The sight of the stairs was terrifying, but quitting wasn’t an option.
It took about ten minutes to get to the bottom. By then, my ankle was sprained, my arm was bleeding, but at least the glamour was still holding. The only way out was through the bar, so I put on my viper visage and headed to the door, my back laden with the bag of cash.
Paz was on the phone, his eyes tracking me with both fear and confusion. “Well, yeah, I’m doin the prep, Boss.”
Ruh-roh!!! I quickened my pace; the exit mere feet away.
“….because you told me to not ten minutes ago.”
My hand was on the doorknob, and despite the distance, I could hear Vivian screaming down the line at Paz. I bolted outside as he slammed the phone down.
On the street, I saw K-man’s car was a gazillion miles away. Well, it felt like that when I was trying to run like Quasimodo with Esmerelda on his back.
Why did I park so far away?
Paz ran onto the sidewalk, quickly spotted me, and was hot on my tail. The glamour fell, as did the bag, and I could count the seconds before the troll’s meaty fist would pound me into tenderized veal. I raced to pick up the bundles. A car speeding through the square didn’t see Paz in the middle of the street, swerved to avoid hitting him but clipped his heel. I reached K-man’s car shaking like a leaf, managed to get the bag on the passenger side when Paz came thundering toward me. The driver who hit him was trying to check if the troll was okay, but Paz acted like he hadn’t even heard him. I fired up the engine and pulled out but had to reverse to make a u-turn, or Paz would block the way. Tires squealed, I squealed, then the rear window smashed to bits, and the roof partially caved in. Screaming, I glanced over my shoulder to see the lifeless body of the concerned driver fall onto the road.
Paz threw him!!!! He threw an innocent man at the car.
I can’t stop. If I stop, I’m dead. Paz killed that man because of me. Racking sobs shook my body.
It took a few hours, but when I stopped shaking and crying, I pulled into a gas station, filled the tank, and used the washroom. My pee was still purple. After washing my hands, I leaned on the sink to try and gather my thoughts. By now, Vivian would know I broke into her place, which meant she’d sic Paz on me. It also kyboshed my chances of learning about Suya. The only thing the heist resolved was Bo would get his dough.
Which was where I was headed.

When I arrived at his property, the barrier was wide open, and an ambulance was stationed out front. I drove up, parked behind the emergency vehicle then hurried into the house. Voices counting in tandem were coming from the bedroom. Standing in the doorway, I saw one paramedic wrapping Milly’s lifeless body into a bag while two others were trying to revive a dead man.
“What happened?” I gushed.
One technician looked up for a moment then spoke. “He called 911, said his wife died a few minutes earlier, and he was having a heart attack. It took us a while to get here on account of it being so remote and all.” The other technician shook her head. Bo wasn’t coming back. “Are you his next of kin?”
“Uhm, no. I’m a friend.” Milly was wheeled out of past me.
Bo was lifted onto a gurney and rolled out of the room. “We’re taking him over to Pine Ridge Hospital. Call his family and let them know they have passed.”
I didn’t even know if Bo had kids. He’d never mentioned anyone, only his wife. I reached down and held Bo’s hand for a moment. I wish I could have gotten here sooner. Maybe I could’ve saved his life, but something told me he wouldn’t want to be in a world without Milly.
As I stood at the door, watching the ambulance drive off, disappointment rode me hard. I’d imagined Bo being able to hire a nurse to care for his beloved, but that would never happen now. I was too late.
Thinking of his family, I went in search of a way to reach his relatives, but the only number I found was for someone called Amoy. Turns out she was a really sweet cousin who lived in the next town over. Bo had no kids, but there were still some relations back in Jamaica, and she’d notify them of his, and Milly’s passing. I left her the information from the paramedics, which is when she admitted that two funerals were going to be tough to handle financially. Fudging the truth a little, I told her Bo had just received a settlement and that I’d wire her the money to cover the burial costs. She was beyond grateful and thanked me many times before hanging up. It was only then that I noticed the small piece of folded paper on the kitchen table. Opening it up, I read the note from Bo.
Jess, the words to break the curse will appear here when you and only you say the name I gave the bar. It won’t be lifted if Vivian is still tied to the place.
Peace out
Bo.



“What happened to my car????” K-man balked as I came to a stop in front of the dojo. “It’s a total write-off!” he gasped, walking around the rear. I didn’t reply, only placed my head on the steering wheel and tried to not sob my heart out.
“Were you hurt?” he asked with concern while leaning on the window frame. His eyes widened at the bundles of cash. “Whose money is that?”
“I’ll give you one guess.” I wiped my face and exited the car.
“Vivian?”
“Yes, but I didn’t steal it. Not really. I repossessed it for Bo because she’d swindled him.” My hand ran along the damaged blood-stained trunk. “But, I screwed up on the getaway when Paz tried to stop me making off with the cash. He….he grabbed an innocent bystander and just threw him at the car to stop me from escaping. The man died. Bo and Milly are dead too.”
“Because of Paz?”
“No, Milly died because of her illness and Bo…well, he died from a broken heart.”I shook my head, thinking of the difficulties they experienced in their final years. Vivian had robbed them of so much because of her greed and malice. 
“The price of love is grief, Little One,” the assassin offered knowingly. “Come inside,” he said, retrieving the bag. “You can tell me the rest over supper.”
Once I’d brought K-man up to speed and eaten my fill of sukiyaki, I stashed the bag of money under my bed, showered, and showed up for the meditation practice. K-man was surprised, to say the least, but I’d missed a few days with all the Vivian drama, and, as weird as it sounded, I noticed an edge of anxious energy not present after our mindfulness sessions. I might not like the idea of all this consciousness-reflective-awareness thingy, but I knew it was helping me connect with my mage. The proof of that was when the viper had pushed my buttons by calling me Zeke’s whore – the cheek of her – I wasn’t Zeke’s anything. Still, my mage had gently shown up without my urging; there was an exchange, an understanding between us that made me realize how being a team with her just made sense. It felt right, and I wanted that bond to deepen.
The following morning, while eating some lovely Taiyaki, I unfolded the Bayside Times periodical, and there, on the front page was the scowling glare of dear old Viv. The caption read:
Publican Proprietor Peddles Prohibited Prochlorazolta. Open trial today at Bayside detention centre.
Otherworlder justice, when applied, was usually swift, and Vivian’s case was no exception. I intended on being present - inconspicuously, of course. Why? Because some part of me wanted to see her brought down. That may be sad or dark, but everyone had a dark side, everyone had their limit, and Vivian had certainly pushed me to mine. K-man’s car was towed last night, but his replacement wouldn’t be delivered until early evening. I doubted he’d ever let me touch any vehicle of his again, so I booked a taxi for the trial. I wondered what kind of punishment she’d be slapped with. The amount of Zolta hidden in her floorboards was the biggest find in almost a decade for the Peacekeepers. If found guilty, Vivian was facing a massive fine or prison; either way, I expected her reaction to the sentence to be explosive. This case was going to be anything but ordinary.

To keep tensions at a minimum, the detention centre’s courtroom was divided into four sections; Judicial Group, Representatives or family of the plaintiff, Representatives or family of the defendant and General public and press. It was much like a human prosecution setting, except there was no jury. The judge deliberated and sentenced. Appeals didn’t exist. Vivian was sat in the judicial group area. Representatives of the Bayside territory attorney’s office occupied the plaintiff section, and the defendant’s section was completely empty because nobody came to support Vivian, not even Paz. The vacant space spoke volumes to Vivian’s bearing on others. Her emotional footprint could be found on so many lives, both past and present, none of which were positive. Yet, judging from the viper’s confident air, she didn’t seem in the least bit bothered by the situation.
A commotion sounded outside as a swarm of journalists grouped around a man entering the room. It must be the judge, although he wasn’t wearing the typical vestment for that role. He was tall, impeccably dressed in a vintage style hat slung low over his eyes. A high-collared cloak partially masked what appeared to be a dour countenance. With a rigid posture, he made his way to the plaintiff section. The journalists promptly took up position near where I was seated and prepped their gear to record the proceedings. An exuberant young woman carrying several bags and a large camera sat down beside me with an apologetic smile.
“Got a few good shots,” she said lowly. “Didn’t think he did these anymore.”
“Who is he?”
She was momentarily surprised but hid it behind a kind smile. “It’s Vardo Dary, the Magistrar.”
My head whipped toward the man who had presided over my own trial a year earlier. I was found not guilty of murdering the crime lord, Bossman, but my ink was deemed to have been responsible, and I had to pay astronomical restitution to Zeke, as well as Cato, who was Bossman’s replacement. But the man sitting in the plaintiff section right now and the man who’d sentenced me to financial and social misery hardly seemed the same person.
“I didn’t recognize him,” I admitted.
“He’s been really ill,” she whispered. “Incurable, I believe. But, I think he came here today because the Zolta haul broke a record.” She checked her recorder and smiled. “First assignment of my first job. So excited.”
“Best of luck,” I offered just as the bailiff announced the opening of the session.
“All rise. The Bayside’s District Court is now in Session. The Honourable Judge Rootes presiding.” The bailiff followed waited until the young judge walked to her bench, then continued to address the room. “Please be seated. The court will now hear the case of Bayside Territory versus Vivian Cale.”
The prosecution began by listing the accusations brought against Vivian, with the lawyer representing Bayside Territory having a field-day riling up the choleric viper. Even her own attorney didn’t appear to be doing his level best, and I was pretty sure in the short time as his client, she hadn’t endeared him to her. When questioned, Vivian swore the drugs were delivered with the usual supplies for the tavern and because Paz always signed off on all goods received, she couldn’t know what things slipped through unchecked.
No wonder the troll didn’t show up. He knew she’d try and sic the crime on him. I had zero sympathy for his circumstances, though, because he’d just murdered an innocent man.  
The prosecution attorney was in her 60’s sharp, engaged, focused and prepared. She provided a manifest to the court showing Vivian did indeed sign for the merchandise. Another document, Paz’s timesheet, demonstrated his shift wouldn’t start for several hours on that day. And just in case anyone suspected that Paz was working unlogged hours, further proof was presented. It was security footage of Paz entering the Hand Job Nail Salon and Massage Parlour at the time Vivian said he signed for the supplies. Tittering and giggles broke out across the room.
The defense attorney, an overweight man wearing a faded black suit, had difficulty remaining upright for short periods of time and had little control over Vivian during cross-examination. He allowed her to rant, rage, and paint herself into a corner. One would think she was related to Kanye. When the judge called for closing remarks, on each side there was an audible sigh of relief that the viper’s tirades were over. Vivian’s lawyer stated that in his opinion, his client made no error in signing for goods that were in boxes and not visible to the naked eye, then offered a quick thank you before sitting down. 
That was it?
There was no outrage at the accusations, no sense of moral right or wrong, just a mediocre ‘she didn’t open the box’ argument. The prosecution fired back, saying the opinion of the defense did not determine innocence. She was convincing in demonstrating how Vivian was a cunning drug dealer, deliberately offering poison to her socially-vulnerable patrons for profit, all the while sullying the reputation of Fern View Square. The judge deemed that Vivian acted deliberately and with intent to harm Otherworlders for profit. Before announcing her verdict, someone from the plaintiff’s section whispered to the prosecutor, who then went to the judge’s bench and spoke lowly. The judge beckoned the defense lawyer to join them. The three spoke amongst themselves for a minute before the judge stood, and each attorney returned to their respective seats.
“Deliberation and verdict will be served by the Great Honourable Magistrar Dary.”
That seemed to surprise a lot of people in the court, including the journalist beside me. “That’s very odd,” she remarked.
“Why? It’s never been done before?”
“No, it has. But, I believe it was at least a century ago and resulted in an on-the-spot execution.”
My eyes immediately shot to Vivian, but she still appeared indifferent. That meant she was either blissfully ignorant or wasn’t opposed to leaving this earthly plane. If she did get the death penalty, what would her last words be? You’re gonna see chopped Cale?
With a rigid posture, the Magistrar made his way to the bench vacated by the judge. He sat down, greeting all parties with the exception of Vivian, then thanked the journalists for pursuing and reporting the truth, and the legal teams for seeking justice. He then turned toward Vivian; the weight of his stern regard was felt around the entire room.
“Miss Cale, I have heard both the prosecution and defense arguments in your case today. I agree with what has already been deliberated and will now render my verdict.” Vivian’s confidence seemed to have slipped from a ten to an eight, but I couldn’t say what brought on the sudden change.
“Yes, sir,” she replied, only after being prompted by the Bailiff. 
“Vivian Cale, the district court of Bayside Territory, renders the following verdict. In light of your lengthy criminal record and despite the leniency of prior hearings where the courts tried to steer you toward non-criminal activity, you have consistently shown by your actions that you have no respect for the law. Due to your age and the seriousness of the offenses brought before us today, as well as your complete lack of remorse, I find you guilty on all counts.”
“No! You bastard!!!!! I’m innocent!” Vivian shot upright in her enclosed space, pounding her hands on the desk and spitting liberally. The Bailiff, unimpressed with her figuratively throwing her toys out of the crib, magically muted her tantrum.
“Sentencing will now be rendered. Vivian Cale, for repeated failures to respect the territory’s legal code, I sentence you to ten years imprisonment. For acquiring narcotics with the intent to sell and corrupt, I sentence you to thirty years imprisonment. For attempting to incriminate an innocent employee and to protect your fellow Otherworlders from future crimes, I sentence you to twenty years imprisonment. Let the court know that the sum total of this sentence is sixty years to be served at a maximum security facility for criminally violent shifters.”
The gavel banged on the sound block.
A collective gasp came from both the public and the press. I automatically turned to the journalist beside me as if she was fluent in courtroom-gasp interpretation. 
“It exceeds normal sentencing parameters,” she offered. Her eyes roved my face, her head tilting slightly. “Hey, do I know you? Your face is familiar.”
The Bailiff unmuted Vivian’s space, but the yelling and indignation never came. She sat there in silence, no longer combative; if anything, she appeared demolished.
The Magistrar stood. “Miss Cale is accorded a final fifteen minutes with family or friends. The next visit permitted for relatives will be in five years.”His gavel slammed on the sound block one more time. Several magical chains wrapped around her body.
People started filing out of the courtroom. Some people must’ve had past interactions with the viper because they just uttered expletives in her direction and others spat on her. I was the last to leave my seat and headed toward the accused. Her eyebrows rose in surprise at seeing me.
“You!” she rasped, the only indication she was experiencing any emotion related to her punishment. “That deal still on the table?”
“You just got sixty years. There isn’t even a table anymore.” I feigned an air of ‘what can you do. Shit happens.’
“You got eleven minutes. I’ll be right outside,” the Bailiff stated before walking away.
“I need to keep my tavern,” she whispered harshly, desperation making her eyes dart about madly. “Paz can’t tie his own shoes, much less run a bar. But you,” she said, rubbing a hand over her mouth, “yes, you could do it. I can pay you, amply too.”
Time was ticking. I had the minutest of windows to make this happen. “Be responsible for that place? No deal,” I huffed scornfully and went to walk away.
“I’ll tell you everything about the child’s parents, and in return you run the bar for five years with a ten percent profit.”
I paused to consider the idea, then cocked a hip.“Seventy-five percent.”
The viper almost keeled over. “Thirty, plus the information,” she amended.
I regarded her imperiously. “Sixty. Plus the information, all of it, right now.”
“Fine, but I want a monthly report,” she added, proffering her hand with the little leeway the magical binds allowed.
I took it, sending a wave of magic mimicking an accord, but it held no power. “Done,” she grinned malevolently, and I swear she’d already devised a plan to screw me over.
“Well, spill already,” I snapped. “We don’t have all day.”
She responded better to derision than politeness. “Fine,” she bit back, “but no questions. Just shut up and listen.” Her eyes darted about before she licked her lips. “Dasco Vari was a Romanian lad, one of the ten Solomanari of Scholomance Academy, but wasn’t chosen to be the Weathermaker because,” she puckered her lips, “well, there can only be one. Anyway, after he graduated, he spent years travelling and ended up in an Indian jungle. One night, he saw a beautiful creature dancing under the full moon. Suya was Gandharva and not of our world.” She noticed my frown and impatiently clicked her tongue. “Gandharva? They’re spirit beings? The males sing, the females dance, they draw power from the moon?”
“Oookay. Understood,” I snarked. “Jungle entertainment, not Disney inspired at all.”
“Bah,” she impatiently waved away my remark. “He lusted after her, captured her, and brought her back to his home. He tried to get her to love him, but she couldn’t stand him and cried constantly to be freed and to return home. Dasco was really only in love with her power, not her, and because she would not accept him,…well he took what he wanted.”
“Hang on,” I interrupted, “he raped her?”
“Didn’t you hear me? I just said he took what he wanted!” She shook her head. “You look smart, but I think you’re a bit dense. Maybe running the tavern’s a bad idea.”
“Just get on with it,” I groaned.
“Fine! I will if you’ll stop interrupting me!” Her eyes flashed to vertical slits, revealing how she would have shifted only the chains prevented her viper from emerging.
“I won’t say another word.”
“Dasco began to use his power as a bio-manipulator to remove parts of her essence to replicate her source into new life.”
“Nope, I have to stop you there,” I said, stepping away as she tried to head-butt me. “What’s a bio-manipulator, and what was her essence?” Vivian looked like she wanted to murder me. “Stop wriggling and just answer me.”
“It’s a rare power, where cells and organisms can be modified, absorbed, or introduced into other life forms.” Her regard turned wistful. “Dasco met me a few years after I’d been disowned by my family. He took me in, loved me, worshipped me and made me see that Suya’s essence, and his seed could live in me. We tried everything, but I couldn’t get pregnant. Then Dasco met Galina. She was Russian and one of the most powerful elemental witches of her age with the ability to transform ordinary rock to Onyxium, like basically any black liquid to stone.”
My heart lurched as I realized my ink talent came from my mother, as alchemical witches, are a branch of elemental magic. I definitely didn’t have any bio-manipulator magic in me unless the ink mage thing came from there? For now, I pushed down the hundreds of thoughts and questions running through my mind.
“Dasco immediately set out to replicate Suya’s essence with Galina’s egg and put it in me, as I was the most fertile,” Vivian preened. “It took a few months, but we finally created the new life that would make him happy. The night we found out I was pregnant was magical, and we all celebrated our love right there in front of Suya to show her how happy we were at the news.”
Group sex in front of the poor tortured Suya? My heart went out to her.
“Every day, he would come to my room and test the baby’s power level. He found it was very low in Suya’s power but promised me it would bloom soon. Everything was fine until the fourth month when Dasco discovered his experiment with Galina was successful. The power within her baby was almost identical to Suya’s. Dasco’s attitude completely changed,” she ground out. “It was like nothing else existed, only Galina. The child’s power became so strong he wouldn’t even look at me or tolerate my presence. When I confronted him over it, he threw me out. Left me alone and carrying his child.” She shook her head as if to flick some imaginary hair off of her face. “That’s when I went to see the fairy, Avens, and, well, you know the rest. After the child I was carrying died, I went back to Dasco’s place, ripped a piece out of his leg, killed Galina, her baby, and Suya.”
Suppressing all my pent up emotions toward Vivian at that moment would go down as one of the hardest thing I’d ever done in my life, but I needed all the information. “And what about Dasco? What happened to him?”
“He tried to run, but he couldn’t hide.” She smiled a truly evil grin. “I had a lot of information that I could use against him, and I did. He set me up with what I needed for the tavern and fudged the paperwork on any illegal activities or fines that popped up along the way.”
“How did he manage that?”
“Well, he’s the Magistrar, isn’t he! Dasco Vari changed his name to Vardo Dary. Erased his old life. Made a new one. ”
The Magistrar was my biological father??? “But he’s just sent you away for a long time,” I interjected, confused.
“He’s getting rid of a problem, just like he did years ago when he chose Galina over me.”
“Why did you kill her and Suya? You could’ve let them go, allowed them to return home.”
She cackled softly. “If I couldn’t have him, he wasn’t getting them.”
Vivian really was a psychopath. The Bailiff returned at that moment and positioned himself behind Vivian, connecting more magical shackles to her wrists and ankles. She acted as if she was being led off for a beauty treatment. “The tavern orders are placed every Monday. Payroll is every Tuesday, and payday is weekly on Thursday.”
“The deal is off, Vivian,” I announced coldly. “I won’t be doing anything to that bar except shutting it down.”
“What the fff─” She went to lunge toward me, but the restraints gave her no leeway.
 “You didn’t want me as a baby. You’re not getting me now.” She stumbled backwards as recognition crossed her features and blood drained from her face. I walked away a few steps, then glanced over my shoulder.“Bye, Mommy.”
Once outside in the corridor, I approached the journalist who’d been sitting beside me. “You want to soar up the ranks? Use what’s on this recording against the Magistrar. Don’t print my name. Don’t reveal your source. Deal?”
Her eyes widened in recognition. “You’re Jess Darrows,” she whispered, then nodded eagerly to my request. I made her take an unbreakable binding promise – because I wasn’t an idiot like Vivian thought – texted the recorded confession and left.
You’re going down, Dasco.




“Another B-Bomb!!!” I mouthed animatedly while pointing to my empty glass. I was sat at the bar in some random, rowdy pub I’d found after leaving the detention centre several hours earlier. 
The cute but seasoned barman winked as he pushed the shot glass of green liquid toward me. He eyed my phone on the counter. “It’s on the house if you let me call someone to come pick you up.”
“Hell, no!” I scoffed languidly and knocked back the drink. “I can get myself home when I’m ready.” Burp. “Thank you very much.”
“This isn’t a speak-easy. Things get heated here,” he warned. “My regulars know what to expect, but this is the wrong place to be without a male.”
Males! A scourge on this planet. No. Strike that. Some males were lovely, like those living in The Yards, although I was on the fence about Shay. He could be a right cactus at times.
“What’s your name?” I asked him, although, for some reason, it came out as whassyurnime.
“Wolf,” he smiled. “Yours?”
“Jess.” My brows furrowed together. “Are you a wolf-shifter? That’d be weird because you’d be Wolf the wolf.” I cackled a loud laugh, missing his response. But my mirth didn’t last long, and I just slumped as my thoughts ran to Eli. “I had a wolf, but he’s gone. So are the others, and all I’m left with is purple pee.” I pointed to my glass. “Can I have annuther B-Bomb?”
Some scruffy biker guy came up to the bar, ordered a beer and a fuck, then turned to me and openly leered. Wolf didn’t even bat an eyelid, put a beer down, and casually said I was with him for the night. The guy shrugged, paid up for his beer then went back over to a pool table.
Wolf picked up my phone and saw the last person I’d texted. “K-man? You okay with him getting you home?”
“Sure…I guess. We live together.”
He nodded and dialled the number. “Yeah, K-man? This is Wolf from The Den of Inequity. It’s a private club belonging to the Raider Wolves. Your girlfriend, Jess, is here, and she needs a ride home asap.” He nodded while K-man responded. “We got a new pup on the door, must’ve let her in. Yep. We’re down on Cole Street. I’ll keep her at the bar until then. ‘Preciate it.”
Shock can be sobering. I’d ended up in a joint belonging to the Raider Wolves? That nasty women-hating biker gang whose alpha was Kace Slade, Ivy’s baby daddy??
“Here have this,” Wolf slid a cup of coffee toward me. “No moving from here. Not even to pee purple, okay?” he smiled.
I was suddenly so scared I’d end up being a chaser to some guy’s bottle of beer that I kept my head down and my mouth shut while I waited for K-man to arrive. How I even ended up here, I’d no idea. After I left the detention centre, I’d wandered aimlessly, trying my best to process all the information bombs the viper dropped. Turned out they were emotional bombs too, and I’d ended up bawling my eyes out on a park bench before walking about some more. I’d entered the first place that smelt of beer and a promise to numb my pain. Had I been in a normal frame of mind, I’d have noticed the sign above the door and run the other way.
“Jess? Let’s go.”
I hadn’t seen K-man come in, what with minding my own business and all, but I was so glad to see him. I would’ve hugged him, but he wasn’t the hugging kind, and anyway, his swords were on display, as was his belt with all those gleaming blades. If he was tense, it didn’t show, despite the place being packed with wolves. He wouldn’t feel outnumbered, if a fight broke out, but it would put him back to square one with the redemption thing. I paid my bill, leaving a generous tip for Wolf because he’d gone above and beyond.
K-man thanked Wolf and escorted me outside.
I had to hold a huge bucket on my lap for the drive back to the dojo because I’d been warned against doing anything to soil the assassin’s brand new car. I only puked three times, and not a speck sullied the interior. He only had to endure the stink.
I was calling it a win.

The following morning I woke up dressed in the same clothes, sprawled on the bed as if I’d face-planted on arrival and hadn’t budged all night. Drool dripped down my chin, and a construction team was busy drilling holes in my brain. I groaned aloud as I slowly sat up. My mouth was pasty, my eyes bleary, plus there was a generalized icky feeling from last night’s puke-fest. I carefully shuffled to the bathroom, humming Miss Gaynor’s “I will survive.”
I dumped my clothes in the hamper, turned on the shower, and stepped into the warm soothing spray. Trotting off to get shit-faced hadn’t been the best way to handle what I’d learned about Dascos’ madness, Galina and Vivian’s complete surrender to his control, as well as the plight of the imprisoned Suya. I couldn’t change the past, but I certainly felt the need to talk about it before it festered into a destructive force.
Stepping out of the water, I towelled off, threw on clean underwear, cotton joggers, along with an oversized hoody. The only person who could really help me was Parsons, but I wasn’t sure if he was feeling well enough to receive all of this, so I decided to wait. Not quite ready to face K-man, I changed my bed linen, then sat on the floor and pulled the bag of cash between my legs. I’d never checked the contents of the green velvet pouch, so I stretched out the drawstrings, peered inside and found several lustrous stones. Fishing them out one by one, I noticed straight away that they were Onyxium. Galina’s Onyxium. I so would’ve given these to Bo if he was still around.
Putting the stones and the cash back in their hiding spot, I powered up my laptop to see if there were any online images of Galina Nor. There were many Galina’s, and it took a while before I came upon a grainy photo of a pale-skinned, black-haired girl smiling back at the camera. In her late teens, but somehow wise beyond her years, she held a Bunsen-burner-shaped trophy in her hand. The caption read;
Galina Nor wins elemental science fair for metamorphic conversion to Onyxium.
I searched further, wondering what region in Russia she came from. Were there any surviving family members? Where had she been laid to rest? But it was as if she’d been erased from existence. I’d try and dig deeper using the Otherworlder search engines at the library and see if could find anything else.
Next, I searched for Gandharvas. The only mention of them was on an obscure history website, where they were described as extremely rare, evoking lust energy while dancing or singing. That right there was confirmation that I hadn’t an ounce of Suya in me. Normally, when I danced, I looked like I was being electrocuted. But maybe if I channelled my Gandharva DNA, things might be different.
Curious, I hopped off the bed, stood in the middle of the room then tried to reach out to Suya’s energy by rolling my hips sensually and twirling my arms upwards in the air. Nothing happened, so I shrugged off my hoody, leaving on my sports bra, and rolled down the waistband of my joggers to mimic the outfit of a belly dancer. I went on my music app, selected some Raks Sharki, ready to give it another go.
About fifteen minutes later, I’d been really getting into the beat, or so I thought, when K-man knocked and asked if everything was okay in there.
Throwing on my hoody, I smiled, pulled open the door, and motioned my hand around. “K-man! What do you feel?”
He rolled his eyes. “Like I want to escape!” He ignored my scowl. “Is your personal business with Vivian over now?”
“Yes, why?”
“Because we’re doubling down on your training. If you’ve energy to dance, you’ve energy to fight. Let’s go. We’re on my schedule now.”
“Have you ever heard of the ten Solomonari?”
He stopped in his tracks and spun around, fixing me with an intense glare. “Why would you want to know about them?”
“Vivian was blabbing on about it but wasn’t open to questions. I figured you’d be able to tell me.”
“Scholomance used to be an academy for the most gifted male wizards in the world, and only ten were selected for a seven year academic career. The student who excelled in all categories was chosen to be the Weathermaker or the one who would ride the dragon Zmeu around the sky at night, creating a so-called weather system.”
“But that wasn’t true?”
“Most of it was, except Zmeu had nothing to do with the weather. He was an ancient demon who was bound to the rocks beneath the academy. He transferred his demonic knowledge to students in exchange for the freedom to fly at night.”
“Does he still do that?” 
K-man shrugged. “He retired to the Abyss, which was permitted only because it was further beneath the rocks, adjacent to The Ends of the Earth. The school disbanded, and the whole story became a fable to scare kids at night.”
“Did you know any of the Solomonari?”
“I wasn’t associated with Inferna back then, but I was earning the time I’d spend there.” He walked away. “Into the ring, Mage.”




“You have not completed anything on the list,” Kutmisan stated, somewhat disappointed.
I peered at him through bleary eyes. It was 6 a.m., too early to be thinking. On a positive note, I was drinking coffee. K-man said he had none, but while rummaging through a cupboard in my room, I found a stash of plastic cutlery with a sachet of instant coffee thrown in amongst packets of condiments. My happy dance was epic.
“No, but I’m thinking things through. It’s a mental process for now.”
Kutmisan shook his head. “The student masks her issues with excuses.” He then removed the coffee cup from my hand.
“Hey!” I protested. “I need that.”
“This is sludge. And, as mentioned yesterday and the day before, you are not allowed to have any for the duration of your training.”
Then I suggest you don’t give me a sword.” We were on day three of K-man’s schedule, and I felt like a total grump. Maybe this is what happened to Vivian, she trained too hard. Not.”
“Right now, I would not even let you hold the bokuto.”
“The what?”
“A wooden sword. You lack control, Jessica,” he went on evenly. “Although you are coming along well with your meditation, it would be even more beneficial to learn to fight. The physical aspect of combat will help you mentally. So, no excuses from here on out.”
“Okay-dokey, K-man.”
“A good student will acknowledge the failure and say they will try harder because they are being open and honest.”
He was right. I was being glib about prepping for my demise. With a slight bow, I offered Kutmisan my apologies and told him I’d try not to let him down again.

The days passed in a blur of non-stop intense training. K-man was relentless in whipping me into the calm warrior woman I would supposedly be when I faced the entity. Sleeping, even for a few hours, was bestowed like a reward for good behaviour. I was beyond exhausted, but at least it kept me from thinking about Zeke, Jimmy, Eli, Ezra, Shay, Jonah, Ivy, Paul, and the baby. I’d stopped checking my phone for messages because it hurt to see that nobody bothered to contact me. All my texts to them went unanswered. I’d been inside this damn dojo 24/7 for ten days now and hadn’t even stepped outside once. I longed to feel the wind on my face or the sun on my skin. The only thing keeping me sane was the excellent food.
“Concentrate!” he yelled. Our sticks clashed rapidly and rhythmically as I attacked, and he blocked consistently. “Faster! Stop doubting yourself!”
“I’m not doubting anything!” My feet reversed as he moved in swiftly to counterattack.
“You are! Doubt will have your guts on the ground in a heartbeat.” The stick moved too quickly for me to block it, and a volley of blows came from all directions. My elbows, shins, and ribs absorbed them. With a grimace, I swallowed down the pain. “You’re getting emotional, Jessica,” he called.
I sidestepped and dodged some hits, but the stick just kept striking me before I could block it.
“Remain focused at all times,” he urged while backing me into a corner and striking me relentlessly. “Remain calm at all times.”
“I. Am. Bloody. Calm!!!!” An aggressive roar surged from within, and before I could even blink, my mage had bolted forward, gripped Kutmisan’s neck as my ink slinked up his face. My chest heaved as I ground my teeth to control my mage’s fury. She understood what was happening and released the assassin. I stepped back, gulping in long, deep breaths.
“Very good,” he said with a bow. “You regained control when she was at full force.”
“I’m sorry for getting mad.” Guilt began to gnaw at me.
“It was part of your endurance test, and you’ve done remarkably well.”
“Today was a test?”
“Every day has been a test, from the amount of work to your sleep schedule. You took it well, giving no previous signs of discontent or frustration. But when you did, it was effective. Now, you deserve a break, so take the rest of the day off, and I will see you tomorrow morning. When you return, you will have completed the remaining items on the checklist, and you will have written letters of goodbye to those with whom you wish to share your parting thoughts. I will keep them in my possession to distribute in the event of your death.”
I was too tired and sore to argue, so I shuffled to my room. Quickly shoving a change of clothes into my knapsack, I slung it over my shoulder and made a beeline for the front door, but the assassin was blocking the way. His arms were folded across his chest, his expression unreadable.
“What’s happening, K-man?”
He touched his palm against the door. A wave of blood magic whipped around us then quickly disappeared. Blood magic was dangerous, volatile even, and few witches were capable of wielding it safely.
 “What was that for?”
“I had a friend lock us in,” he explained casually. “After I picked you up from the Raiders bar, several people came by claiming they needed you to return to The Yards. I explained how unwell and unprepared you were for your task and that you were not to be disturbed. They considered their issues more important and tried to enter without permission. I sent them away and had a magical boundary established.”
“Who came by?” I balked. “I can’t believe you didn’t let me know! It had to have been important.”
“My understanding is that everything has been more important to them than your preparedness. When Haff asked me to train you, he mentioned you were prone to prioritizing everyone else’s needs over your own. And, selfless as that may seem, you must take the time to give yourself a fighting chance.”
“That was my decision to make, not yours. And I don’t care that I’m not up to par to take on this damn entity because it’s not going to make a whole lot of difference when it comes to the crunch.” I knew that as sure as the sun rose in the sky. “Now, who was here, and why did they need me to return to The Yards?”
“It was the jinn and Zeke’s two hounds. No reason was provided other than it was important to see you.”
I pulled the door open, ignoring his discontent at my leaving. “They better be okay, K-man, or you’re going to be dealing with one pissed-off mage!”

The parking lot was empty, and I stood still for several moments just soaking up the wonderful feeling of the sun on my face as a cool breeze lifted my hair. I tried not to think about the so-called homework Kutmisan had given me but couldn’t help list what my final words would be. The assassin had clearly brainwashed me if, after one minute away from the dojo, I was still focused on training. I seriously needed to clear my head and take a break from the Kendo overload.
Looking around, I realized I had no means of transport. Kutmisan’s car was probably parked around here somewhere, but I didn’t want to risk returning inside to ask if I could borrow it. He might decide to cancel my break altogether. A wire fence bordered the extensive lot, and the surrounding road seemed isolated enough that finding a cab to hail would be difficult.
Walking to the edge of the boundary, I was trying to decide what to do when my phone started beeping with dozens of incoming messages and voicemails. Swiping the screen, I saw how Jimmy, Ezra, Shay, Jonah, and Ivy all tried to reach me multiple times. But, not Zeke. Pushing that thought away, for now, I checked messages again and concluded that the spell placed on the Dojo must’ve been specific enough to block friends from reaching me.
K-man and his damn interfering!
I shot a text to Jimmy telling her where I was and that I’d just found out she had come to the dojo looking for me. She instantly replied with a ‘be right there.’
Moments later, Jimmy apparated at the gate to the lot, and I couldn’t help but run to her and give her an extra-long squeeze of a hug. “I missed you so much, Jimmy. Goddess, I was going loopy without you guys.”
She held me at arm’s length while taking in my appearance. “What has he had you doing?! Y’all skinny, and you look exhausted, like you spent too much time on a desert island with a ball called Wilson.”
“It’s okay,” I shrugged. “It’s just intensive training.”
She eyed the dojo menacingly. “It ain’t natural training, that’s for sure. Someone would think you’d been shot at and missed but shit at and hit!” She hooked my hand around her arm. “Why’s the Inferna assassin pushing you so hard?”
“I think he’s trying to cram a lifetime of knowledge into a couple of weeks.”
“A couple of weeks,” she repeated lowly. “Is that how long you have until whatever it is that’s coming is gonna come?”
“I’ve no idea. But I’ll keep on training because it gives me a fighting chance.” Or the illusion of one. After a moment, I leaned back and took in her fatigued features. “You don’t look so good yourself. What’s going on?”
“It’s best if I show you. We really need your help. Now hold on tight.”

Seconds later, we apparated in Zeke’s living room. Shay, Jonah, and Lily the banshee were all present and very sombre. Before I had a chance to ask what was wrong, Jimmy took my hand and led me towards Zeke’s bedroom.
My mind immediately conjured up some terrible scenarios, all of which made my heart race fearfully. As much as it hurt that he’d been duplicitous, I’d never want to see him harmed in any way. Weirdly enough, my mage sent me an image of what she’d do to anyone who hurt him.
Zeke was laid out and looking like death had already a firm grip on him. Jax sat in a chair near the bed, his expression mirroring those in the living room. Jimmy went to his side and gently caressed the moist hair from his forehead. “Jess is here, Zeke,” she soothed while beckoning me to go to his other side.
“What happened?” I whispered.
“He and Oxana fought.” Jimmy’s voice cracked with emotion.
Lily peered into the room, “the queen died but got him good before he could turn her into this.” She held a pint-size bottle of pearlescent powder.
“How did she hurt him?” I asked, taking in his deathly pallor. 
“Poison,” Jax interjected, rubbing his face. I didn’t think it was possible for jinns to feel exhausted, but I guess I was wrong. “We’ve given him everything we can to fight it, but nothing’s working.”
“And he’s been like this for two weeks?” I edged myself onto the side of the bed.
Jax glanced at the array of vials on the mobile cart to his right. “It’s been a slow decline. We thought we’d stabilized him, but he took a turn for the worse two days ago.”
I reached out and held his hand. His skin felt cold and clammy, his breathing laboured. Zeke wasn’t long for this world. “Is there no antidote to whatever she gave him? I choked. It was hard to grasp that the quasi-immortal Opilio was wasting away. “Surely, the queen kept one somewhere.”
Lily folded her arms across her stomach. “Not for cursed Kott blood. She’d have had to sacrifice the life of a Kott elf for that. They’re a rarely seen species of mountain elf in Faerie. I mean, how she even captured one in the first place beggars belief. ”
“I think I might know.” With the queen dead and the géas lifted, I told them everything that happened while I was in Faerie. “Maybe Boysen had another vial left over? She could have used that on Zeke?”
“Okay. Y’all have done enough pussyfooting around.” Jimmy fisted a hand on her cocked hip, “Peaches, truth is nothing will save him right now except blood therapy, more specifically, your blood. It’s a last resort. Somethin’ about you being his mate might help. And before you go askin’ a gazillion questions, I’m gonna have to say we gotta act now. Like this second, mmmkay?”
“Yes, of course!” I replied without hesitation and rolled up my sleeve.
Jax told me to lie on the bed beside Zeke and to get comfortable while Jimmy disapparated for a few seconds, returning with a machine with lots of clear plastic tubes. I looked away when the needle perforated my skin, but that was the only discomfort I felt. Zeke didn’t seem to be aware of anything happening around him, so reaching out, I placed my hand on his, and while I knew we weren’t mates, I offered up a prayer to the Goddess that somehow this would work. I couldn’t imagine him dying. He seemed so indomitable. Jimmy sat tensely in an adjacent armchair while Lily stayed at a distance, leaning against the door frame.
“When we’ve taken just a little over a pint, I’ll start testing to see how it’s affecting his system,” Jax explained.
“I can give more if he needs it.”
The jinn doctor shook his head. “If this is going to work at all, a pint should be sufficient.”
While Jax busied himself with his notes, I closed my eyes and began to meditate. I opened my heart, visualizing my blood entering Zeke and washing his system of the poison. I pictured him receiving it into his body, and with each heartbeat, it slowly started to revitalise him. Soon my thoughts drifted to the homework assignment. There was no way I’d have time to sit down and compose letters of adieu to everyone. How would those receiving the letters feel? Assuming I died, that is. Maybe they’d be weirded out, uncomfortable. It made no sense to me, so I decided to ignore the exercise. What’s the worst K-man could do, stop the training? I’d be A-okay with that. I was sore from teeth to feet.
“Jess? Wake up. Jess? Oh dear.” A hand lightly tapped my cheek. “Why did you touch the valve?”
My eyelids felt heavy, so I only opened one as I looked at Jax, who, for some reason, seemed unhappy. “Valve?” I mumbled before closing my eye.
He tsked then began removing the needle from my arm. “You’ve given way too much blood,” he admonished. “I don’t know how you even managed to unclamp the pilot tube.”
 “Peaches, talk to me?” Jimmy asked before gently pivoting my chin toward her worried expression. “You’d pass as a vampire you’re so pale.”
“How’s Zeke?” I felt like there was cotton wool in my mouth. My speech was slow and slurred.
Her smile said it all, that and the tears welling in her eyes. “He’s responding well. The toxin levels are going down.”
“That’s great,” I replied weakly, then turned on my side and drifted off into oblivion.

It took me a moment to realize I was still in Zeke’s bed, a heavy blanket covering me, as muted light filtered through the curtained window. I must’ve slept for hours. There was total silence as if everyone had left, or were they sleeping? My head whipped to the side and took in Zeke’s motionless form. He was in the exact same position, having not moved all this time. The only difference was his pallor had improved. I sat up, but a wave of dizziness made me lay back down again. When the spinning stopped, I rose up slowly then, surreptitiously, reached out to touch his forehead. There wasn’t a sheen of perspiration on it like earlier, and it felt normal.
His hand circled my wrist before pulling it to his nose, letting it linger there for a long moment. “I’ve missed holding you,” he rasped weakly. “I can’t stand it. Being away from you is unbearable.”
I felt the desperation in that gesture and his need for contact. Truth be told, I needed it as much as him, but would never act on it. “I’ll let Jax know you’re awake and that you’re okay,” I said with a shaky voice.
“I am okay….because you’re here.” His lips pressed against my inner wrist before he breathed a long contented sigh.
I gently pulled my hand free, berating myself at how lovely his lips felt against my skin. Ugh, this was so messed up. “I won’t be long,” I promised, then slowly scooted off the bed and made my way to the living room.
We weren’t alone as I’d assumed. Shay and Jonah were snoring lightly on both ends of the large sectional. Ezra and Eli, who must’ve shown up while I was out, were sleeping on cots in front of the front door. Jimmy was in the kitchen sipping coffee while Jax flipped pancakes on the stove.
“Zeke’s awake and talking,” I whispered, thumbing toward the room.
“Oh, Hallaleujazz!!” Jimmy sobbed then grabbed Jax’s hand and led him to their Opilio.
The pancake was still on the stove, so I turned it onto the plate. A big stack of bacon was lined up next to the batter, and I placed as many strips as could fit in the pan. I didn’t feel I had the energy to cook a big breakfast, but I’m sure the guys would be hungry when they woke up. They’d probably been sleeping very little lately.
While the meat sizzled, I poured myself a mug of coffee, inhaling the rich, earthy aroma with deep appreciation. Everything here was top quality stuff. Zeke wouldn’t have it any other way. No wonder he’d married a queen. You couldn’t get more top of the line than a monarch.
“Mornin,’ Jess.” Ezra’s deep gravelly voice rumbled as he approached. He appeared alert despite his bed head and pillow creases on his right cheek.
“Hey, Ezra,” I smiled and stepped over to the coffee machine to pour him a mug of brew. “I didn’t hear you guys get in last night.”
“Eli picked up on your presence, just as he’d finished a double shift, but wouldn’t rest until he saw you. Then ‘bout five minutes after we showed up here, saw you were asleep, well,” he chuckled lowly, “he was just crashed out dead to the world. Jimmy was mighty accommodating and pulled up two beds for us.”
Eli was just amazingly caring, loyal, dutiful, and loving. I was truly blessed to have him in my life. “Poor guy,” I whispered, not wanting to wake him. “He shouldn’t have worried. I was fine.”
“Suuure,” Ezra replied disbelievingly as he washed his hands while observing me from the corner of his eye. “You didn’t look half dead at all. Now, sit yerself down there. I like to ease into my day standing over the stove.”
“You’ll get no arguments here.” I placed the first batch of cooked bacon on kitchen paper and patted off the excess fat.
He dried his hands, his lips pressing together momentarily. “How you feeling? Jax says you lost a lot of blood.” He whipped out another pan and cracked some eggs over it.
“It’s not lost,” I shrugged casually with a smile. “It went to a good home.”
He seemed to mull that over while popping two slices of bread into the toaster. “Zeke owes you a life debt, and he better damn well make good on it.”
Was Ezra angry at Zeke? Didn’t everyone in The Yards adore their Opilio? “It’s okay. He doesn’t owe me anything, he just needed help, that’s all. I would’ve done the same thing for any of you.”
He placed a heaping plate of food in front of me. “Yeah, well, I’ve no respect for two-timers.” He nodded toward the plate. “Now, eat up, woman. You’re skin and bone.”
I glanced around, hoping nobody had heard him, then gave him a wide-eyed look and shook my head. If Shay and Jonah had listened in, they’d be mad as all get out because they did not tolerate back-talk against Zeke. I dug into my breakfast to avoid further conversation. Ezra got the message and returned to the stove. As soon as I was done, I thanked him, put my plate in the dishwasher, and headed to the bathroom.
Someone – most likely Jimmy – had left my knapsack on a hook inside the door. “You’re a goddess, Jimmy,” I muttered, then took my time showering and washing my hair. My movements were sluggish from the blood loss, and my body was sore from all the training, but the water jet system helped soothed some of the aches and pains. After towelling off, I shucked on clean underwear, jeans, and a t-shirt and was combing my hair through when Jimmy apparated beside me, her hands covering her eyes while chirping ‘knock, knock, Peaches.’
“Hey,” I exclaimed, feigning shock, “you’re supposed to do that from the other side of the door.”
She waved her hand. “Ain’t nothin’ here I haven’t seen before honnay child.” Jimmy pivoted to face me, her regard filled with concern, “tell me how you really feeling ‘bout this whole mage business? Truthfully now. No bullshit.”
There was only one word to describe how I was feeling: Petrified. I felt I was constantly fumbling about in the dark, garnering bits of information here and there, but nothing solid enough to latch onto. It was too terrifying to admit that I’d be dead soon.
“It’s okay, Jimmy. Everything’s fine.”
“Nah uh, Peaches, talk to mama.”
Jimmy had a heart of gold, was a true friend and deserved my honesty, so I just came out with it. “I wish I didn’t have to do this. I wish I could stay with all of you. And deep down, I think my chances of meeting Mr. Death are looking good.”
Jimmy wrapped me in her arms and gave me one of her epic hugs. She didn’t try and console me or dismiss the perilous task ahead. She just offered what she could: love. When we broke apart, she thumbed the moisture from her cheek. “Zeke is awake and asking for you.”
“Ahhm….I was just about to leave. I’ve got to get back to the dojo or Kutmisan will have me beating his wooden man all night.”
“Don’t let Zeke hear you say that,” Jimmy giggled, “or he’d be thumping that assassin like a red-headed stepchild.” 
“Shouldn’t he be mourning?” I countered. “He just offed his wife, right?”
Jimmy leaned back and observed me, puzzled. “Is that what you think?” Before I could respond, she raised an elegant index finger. “You know what, hold that thought. We gotta go see him.”
Entering the room, I noticed Zeke’s pallor was back to normal even if he still appeared quite weak. He was trying to get out of bed while Jax urged him to rest. The jinn threw a pleading glance at Jimmy. Zeke was not easy to care for.
“Zeke Bai,” she griped, sashaying over. “you’re gonna have to stay put. Simple as.”
“I’m fine. Stop fussing over me, Yaqov.”
Ignoring his protests, she tucked the blanket around him tighter than a straight jacket. “I swear getting you to lie still is like trying to nail a poached egg to a tree.” Turning to me, she said, “Jess, watch him, and if he moves, you can slap him.”
My lips curved up into a smile. “My pleasure.”
Jax picked up his medical bag. “I’ve to return to the hospital, but if there’s anything, call me.”
“I’ll walk with you,” Jimmy added.
When the front door clicked shut, Zeke held my gaze for a long moment and frowned, taking in my appearance. “Jax said, you gave me blood, but that I took too much in the transfer. I’m so sorry, I’d no idea I was doing that.”
Funny how his apology sounded so sincere, how his expression of concern was enveloped in what seemed like a deep caring expression. Before, I would have been easily pulled into his all-encompassing Opilio orbit, where every word he spoke was considered the gospel truth, where everything he did was for the good of his people. None of the others could see it, but we truly were blinded by the deep connection he forged with each of his sheep. The remnants of that connection were still present, sitting right above my left breast, but the veil had been lifted from my eyes, and I could tell the difference now. If he hadn’t been with Essanne, if he had been forthright about his wife, he could have spared me the pain of his betrayal. But he chose to lie for his own gain. Grant it, he never actually said he was married, but a lie of omission was still a lie.
“My condolences on your loss,” I offered as neutrally as possible. A confused frown briefly drew his brows together before his eyes skimmed my tight lips and tense shoulders.
“My loss?” He repeated with a note of puzzlement. “I’m not sure what you mean.”
Really? He was going to make me say it word for word? The frustration within me was building, and I had to bite back a snarky retort. If I railed at him, it would hurt me more, just like downing a vial of poison, so I averted my gaze, hiding how his refusal to come clean was like a punch to the gut.
“Jess, please tell me. What is it?”
Maybe it was the pleading tone or the fact that he reached out to take my hand in his, but it made me want to scream and just run out of there. Pulling my hand back, I took a deep breath and shoved aside the inner turmoil until I could say my piece before leaving.
“You should’ve been honest with me,” I replied neutrally, a big achievement considering there was a fat lump lodged in my throat. “You should’ve had the decency to be truthful. But, you chose to act otherwise, declaring us to be mates when you were in no position to do so. Now, I know I didn’t accept your claim, but─”
“Whoa, hang on.” He sat upright to face me, his jaw ticking with tension. “I’m lost. I’ve no idea what you mean.” His sudden pause was followed by an exasperated eye roll, making my ire rise.
“You had ample opportunities to tell me, given I was right there.”
“Jess, Jess,” he held up his palm. “Is this because you think I’m married to Oxana?”
“Are you denying you are?” I fired back, remembering their nude wedding image.
He went to say something, but halted, blew out a breath that puffed up his cheeks before scrubbing a hand over his hair in agitation. I had my answer right there but stubbornly wanted to hear him try to justify the lies. “I’ll explain everything, but you’ve got to promise to hear me out, okay? No storming off.”
“It’s a straightforward yes or no answer, Zeke.”
His lips pressed together, forming a firm line. “I didn’t deceive you,” he began carefully, like one trying to approach a fearful animal. “You are my mate, and I’d never disrespect you by making such a claim and not honouring the sacredness of that bond.”
“So, you’re not married then?” I prompted.
He grabbed a bottle of water off the bedside table and offered it to me. I shook my head and watched him take a generous slug. “For the treaty to be valid, it stipulated that we must marry to ensure each realm was thoroughly connected. That was the last thing I wanted, but I agreed because Oxana was on the verge of slaughtering the Kelpies. However, I was extremely wary of the contract she’d have drawn up. You know about the Fae and their contracts?”
I’d never entered into one but heard they could be tricky, in that you thought you were signing for something great but ended up with something less than you bargained for. “They’re complicated?” I offered.
“In the human world, a contract that is deliberately deceptive or has fine print is deemed not legally binding. If a loophole is discovered, it’s omitted, but the rest of the contract is still valid. That’s not the case with the Fae. They’re deliberately deceptive and duplicitous, so if you didn’t perceive the discrepancy, that’s on you not them. There’s no principle of good faith, but they usually won’t enter into an agreement unless they’re sure the stakes are high for you, and they’ll be coming out on the winning end of things.”
Oxana was certainly cruel and cunning. “The Kelpies and oppressed Fae folk were your high stakes.”
“Exactly.” He downed another gulp of water. “So, when the contract was drawn up, I had a Fae friend try and decipher what was really being put on the table, but the contract was so long and complex, he folded under the analysis. In essence, I knew Oxana wanted to annex her realm to The Yards and rule over all creatures within, so I had my own terms added, stipulating that she would have to become one of my ‘crested’ to enter The Yards; something I knew she’d never do. I enforced a limited time-frame where we’d be seen together at events without living like an actual couple. But I knew that one day I might find a mate and needed a way to render the marriage null and void. To get out of the contract, I needed to think outside the box.”
“So what did you come up with?”
“Faeries go ballistic if they think you’ve tricked them or are trying to trick them. They’d die making sure you pay for cheating, although they’ve no problem with you being the victim of their lies. When it came to signing the marriage contract and the certificate, I used the reverence of their secretive Fae names to my advantage. Oxana said she was signing the contract using her real Fae name, but it would be in a language I would not understand. I told them, I too would pen my name in the language of my people. Instead, I wrote in angelic code ‘annulled when I meet my true mate.’ They thought I’d given them my real name and were extremely pleased about that, believing they had the upper hand in the contract.”
“So when did she discover the truth?” 
“I’m not sure. But, when you shaded the eye of the tattoo in my back, I felt beyond the shadow of a doubt that you were my mate. That would have prompted my true words to emerge on the contract.”
“So she never suspected a thing when you were signing it?”
“Not at all,” he shrugged lightly. “The queen marries often and just about everything. On our ‘so-called’ wedding day, she’d already married a new plot of land, seventeen horses, and an ancient rock.”
“And they all wore palm leaves?” I quipped.
His eyes widened momentarily. “How did you know?”
“I saw an image of your special day,” I replied casually. 
He grimaced, shaking his head despondently. “I showed up in a suit, but a newly-conjured Fae tradition called for complete nudity. The leaf was a compromise.”
His discomfort was evident, and he appeared to be telling the truth. “Before I went to Faerie to drop off Daisy Dewdrop’s ashes, Semyon wanted me to bring a certificate of great importance to Oxana and have it authenticated as repayment for the Weirheid potion. When I showed it to her, she appeared very unhappy about something. She conjured up a lengthy scroll, examined it, and got angrier. Then she called in an elderly Fae lady, and that was quickly followed by gasps and more angry words I couldn’t decipher. I would have told you about all of this, but she put a géas on me. Do you think she was looking at the marriage documents?”
“I’m sorry she silenced you like that. I wish I’d known. But, yeah, most likely, she realized she’d been duped. With the treaty dissolved, her connection to The Yards would be severed, along with her standing as a powerful social celebrity. What probably infuriated her most was that I’d found you, my mate, and I’d no longer continue with the charade.”
She was truly a psychopath. “I guess that’s when she put the anchor in me and started kidnapping Fae.” I looked at my hand, glad that the anchor and its magic died along with her. I was especially glad I wouldn’t have to be fire-skimmed again.
Zeke nodded. “In her mind, I’d made a complete fool of her. So when I went to Faerie with Lily to confront Oxana and rescue the captured Fae, she’d anticipated that move and set us up to be ambushed. It took us several days to regain control, by which time I’d heard she’d already tried to haul you back with her. She wanted to use you as a hostage to get us to leave, and was supposed to release you once we were no longer in her realm. I knew sooner or later she was going to kill you, so I gave her an ultimatum; cede her magic and her throne or be cast into the Dark Lands. Unsurprisingly, she didn’t accept the offer and flew into a rage. She tried to kill Lily, who had just been pulled back there to sing at her impending death. I intervened, and in the struggle, Oxana died. In her final moments, she tried to declare she was my mate, but I spoke your name aloud, declaring you as my one true mate. Despite being on the verge of death, she stuck a pin in my foot, uttered a powerful curse, and poisoned me. Normally that shouldn’t have had any effect, but a curse from the dying is very powerful. That’s what got me laid up here.”
I shuddered to think how close he came to dying because of Oxana’s madness. “Were all the kidnapped Fae returned safely?”
“Most of them, except the first two who were taken from Fern View Square. Oxana murdered them as a form of control over the others. If she wasn’t obeyed, all in her realm would meet the same fate.”
“That’s sick,” I said with disgust. “I’m sure the whole realm is celebrating their newfound freedom.”
“There’s a lot of pain to heal,” Zeke added with a grim expression. “The elite were ardent supporters of their queen and will expect Eli to reign with the same oppressive force. They don’t know he’s been pledged into the Storm Band pack.”
“Who do the regular Fae want as their leader?”
“A small minority want Eli’s father or Lily.”
“And the majority?” I probed but already guessed the answer.
“Me, but I really don’t want the job. I’m an Opilio for my people. I don’t want to be in another realm. Besides,” he shrugged, “most of them believe me to be dead by now because of the poison.”
I winced at how close he’d come to passing away. “I would’ve come sooner if I’d known.”
“For a while, nobody knew what was going on,” he replied consolingly. “Jax only discovered it was a death curse after days of testing. I can’t remember how long afterward he realized only my mate’s blood could reverse the damage, but because you hadn’t accepted my claim….well, I just accepted my fate.”
I felt terribly guilty, though I knew I hadn’t done anything wrong. That said, Kutmisan was going to get very clear instructions on my personal freedom and access to information. He had no right to keep Jimmy’s visit from me. Regarding the whole ‘mate’ thing, I felt there were so many unanswered questions I couldn’t possibly consider anything until I’d more information. “What does it feel like when you realize someone is your mate?”
The emotion in his eyes was an intense mix of heat and hunger. “It’s like the searing fieriness of the noonday sun coursing through your veins, but instead of it being a solar heat, it’s the light of your mate standing before you. Or, in my case, behind me.”
I was behind him when he felt that connection? The only time that stood out as being really strange was when I’d tattooed him. “When I shaded the eye in your tattoo?”
“Yes,” he said, his voice rasping as his thumb brushed across my fingers.
I didn’t pull away from the intimacy of his touch. It was obvious he believed the connection had formed at that moment, and while I couldn’t deny something had transpired between us, his lack of transparency felt like calculated and sustained dishonesty, dampening any form of reciprocity.
“Zeke,” I sighed, feeling my shoulders droop. This wasn’t a conversation I felt like having because it was like pouring salt on an open wound. Still, it was best to be honest with him, just as I would have liked him to have been with me. “If we’d really been fated mates, you would have told me about Oxana when you felt the initial connection form between us. There was ample opportunity to discuss it, especially after discovering she’d anchored her magic to mine. If we’d really been fated mates, Essanne wouldn’t have been able to keep you in her thrall.”
He passed a hand over his hair. “I’m going to text you something, but I don’t want you to look at it unless you really want to.” He took the phone off the bedside table, keyed something in, and a moment later, my own device beeped.
“What is it?” I inquired cautiously.
His face turned hard. “It’s an interview….to begin with.”
“But it doesn’t end that way,” I finished for him.
“When Dr. Nella left after your memory evaluation the other day, she had another appointment to get to. I’d asked her to film the retrieval of Essanne’s memories of the time we’d allegedly spent together.”
“It’s okay, I don’t want to hear the details about you and her.” I closed my eyes.
“Jess, please, just bear with me. You’ll want to hear what I have to say.”
“Fine,” I replied with enough f’s in there to give Ling a run for his money.
“Jimmy brought Dr. Nella to the tavern Essanne frequents in the village adjacent to Scholomance. We learned she lives above the pub and survives by feeding off the energy of the clientele. I’d asked that the doctor record her work and share it with me.”
“How did she get Essanne to agree to this?”
“She didn’t, but Kutmisan ‘assisted,’ so to speak.
“He did? Why?”
“He wouldn’t tell me, but he’ll probably tell you if you ask.”
Hmmm. I was going to have a chat with Inferna’s warrior when I returned to the dojo. “And what did Dr. Nella learn?”
“Essanne is a rare hybrid mix of a powerful Indus worm and an equally powerful succubus. Indus worms are carnivorous predators who feed on any kind of flesh they can find. However, in this pairing, feeding is through sexual energy. The succubus side allows it to hold the form of a human female, but is incapable of performing any act other than to induce sleep paralysis, during which time she creates erotic dreams to siphon the energy the dreams generate.”
“So, while she fed off you that whole time, you were paralyzed.”
His eyes searched mine. “I’d never come across a creature who could control me like that. I’d never hurt you. Surely you know that?”
“It’s hard to imagine the encounter being anything other than what it was. I mean, I even tried to stop you, but you still walked away with her, or it.”
His face turned hard. “Once its hooks were in me, I was like a puppet on a string.”
“And then you came back covered in lipstick, so as the expression goes, if it looks, swims and quacks like a duck…it’s a duck.”
“I’ve since found out, that, when the succubus loses her form to the Indus worm, the female lips become the worm’s butt area. So, yeah, I had worm ass on me.”
I couldn’t help the giggle that escaped me. Zeke being kissed by a worm’s anus was going into the ‘unforgettable’ file. “That’s quite the experience,” I offered neutrally.
“I can understand how you thought the worst of me.” He inched closer, taking my hands in his. “I know you don’t trust easily. I think you’ve been let down pretty badly in the past, and I know you won’t find it easy to trust me again, but I ask you to not give up on me. When I fell from Heaven, it was a pain I thought I’d never come back from. But, eventually, I recovered, yet losing you,” he whispered, painfully, as he pressed his forehead to mine, “was worse.”
While I was still trying to wrap my brain around all of that, he continued. “I can’t undo the hurt I’ve caused you, but I’d go to Hell and back a million times before I’d ever make you cry.”
Those words knocked on the door to my soul, beckoning him in and to trust that what he was saying, what he was offering, was from the heart. Given my low life expectancy, I knew I needed to forgive him so I could be in a better place emotionally when I faced the entity.
“I believe you, Zeke, regardless of the recording. I don’t need to see it.”
His arms encircled my waist, pulling me from the chair to his chest. “Thank you, Jess,” he said, his voice cracking with emotion as he pressed his forehead to mine. “Thank you for believing me.” He tilted my chin upwards then crushed his lips against mine. Water that had been welling behind my eyes trickled down my cheeks, but he brushed it away with his thumbs and went on kissing me like he’d found the last droplet of the earth’s oxygen.
I wasn’t the type of girl who needed flowers and endless attention, but I did need to feel an unbreakable trust between us. I think we’d just taken the first step in creating that.
When we came up for air, his eyes blazed with joy. “Jessica Darrows, I love you, and I’m going to spend the rest of my life proving myself to you and being the man you deserve.”
His love was exactly why I believed the Fates got it wrong. Zeke wasn’t my destiny; death was.
“Jess? Jess, what’s wrong?”
Chapter 11

A feeling of profound peace came over me as if all worry, pain, and doubt fell away from my body, leaving nothing behind but the absolute conviction that I was being called by the Goddess to serve her. And this wasn’t a polite tap on the shoulder either. Fireworks began popping in my brain, each one detonating with urgent messages:
Come to me. Be at the ready. The shift is imminent. Stand strong.
I bolted out of Zeke’s arms. He watched in stunned silence as I dashed for the door. There was no time to explain. My destination was crystal clear in my mind, and although I had no idea how I was going to get there, I wasn’t worried. Everything was going to be fine because the Goddess had just stepped onto the celestial stage and was conducting this event by unifying my actions along with those of the entity.
The expulsion was imminent
Through images or visions, I could see and feel the Goddess was my guide. She began feeding me the understanding I needed for my task and conveyed the importance of its success. I felt I was Her instrument and that my coding was a gift that, if successful, would shape a new future from our collective efforts. Without prompting, my mage surged forward, melding with me. We were together as one for what was left of our existence.
“I am ready!” I called out to the sky with open arms, then realized I was already outside on the street, and a car horn was blaring at me. I hadn’t even registered I’d taken the elevator down.
“Ready for the damn morgue if you don’t get out of the way!” Kyle Grainger, an often inebriated shifter, roared angrily from the window of his pick-up as he zoomed by. I waved happily to him. Just as Jimmy appeared by my side, so too did an odd ethereal form. It communicated to me telepathically that it was Haff, and he had returned to escort me to the expulsion site.
“It’s okay, Jimmy. You need to be with Zeke. Haff is just bringing me to where I’m called.”
“Oh, he is, is he,” Jimmy stated suspiciously, her eyes darting about trying to locate Haff.
Knowing this would likely be the last time that I’d see my jinn friend, I threw my arms around her waist and held her tight. “Thank you for everything, Jimmy. You’ve been a very kind, loving, caring, and extremely patient friend from the moment I met you. I wasn’t always receptive to your compassionate ways and, for that, I ask forgiveness. I’d closed myself off to love.” I leaned back and placed a hand on her cheek, “I didn’t deserve you, but thank you for always being there.” Seeing Jimmy’s eyes well up, I turned to Haff and nodded that we should leave.
“Now, hold on up, y’all,” Jimmy choked with emotion while wrapping a firm hand around my arm. “You ain’t giving me no death goodbye speech. I need to see where this gunfight be goin’ down. ‘Cause I ain’t lettin’ my Peaches go off by herself.”

And just like that, the street disappeared, and in the blink of an eye, we found ourselves standing under a tree on a riverbank at sunrise. Tall bushes flanked the calmly flowing muddy waters, but beyond that, the land was rocky, arid, and hostile. The lack of vegetation beyond the river, coupled with the very hot, and very dry air, led me to believe we were well below the equator.
“Where are we?” I asked Haff, whose ghostly form bobbed mid-air on my left.
“At the beginning and the end,” he replied aloud.
Jimmy, who was still clutching my arm, clucked disapprovingly. “That ain’t on no map, Casper. Now where the hell are we?”
Haff seemed to stare into nothingness for a long moment before I prompted him. “Haff? Tell us.”
“We are in the Afar Triangle.” He said it with a resigned tone as if this was some sort of monumental failure.
“Hang on,” I frowned, recalling that name mentioned not so long ago. “Wasn’t Lumiel cast down around here?” When he didn’t reply, I knew I was right. “I don’t understand, you said because you’re from a different Vulcan - La Smurf something or other - we wouldn’t be in the same place as last time.”
Haff shook his head despondently. “We’re here because I failed to prepare you to the required level. My brother, the spirit of Erte Ale, will be taking over.”
“Ertay who?” Jimmy snipped.
“We are Vulcan. We are the spirits that reside in volcanoes. We’re the landing platform for what the Heavenly realm discards before it is processed onwards.”
Jimmy’s shoulders tensed before she pointed a long, slender finger toward Haff. “You stay right here and don’t move or take my girl anywhere until I get back, ye hear?”
“I would acquiesce, had I any control over these things,” Haff explained, but Jimmy had already disapparated.
“She’s not really mad at you. She’s just worried, that’s all.” I took in his dejected form and felt sorry for him. He truly believed he had failed in his task. “And you did great, Haff. You got us where we were meant to be.” I pulled out my phone and Tweeted the realm reps that the location of the expulsion was Erte Ale. I knew Rathe would assume the entity would end up in Inferna, so I quickly added, ‘final destination still unknown.’
“Hmmm,” Haff replied, unconvinced at my effort to make him feel better. He threw a furtive glance over his shoulder. “Jessica, it’s best you know that if we’ve been called to Erte Ale, the entity is going to be as powerful, if not more, than Lumiel.”
Oh crap. “How come? What makes this volcano different from yours or any other one?”
“My brother’s spirit is the strongest of all Vulcan, only he can withstand the onslaught of such a transferral. Had you ended up at my volcano, I’m afraid I would have been damaged beyond recognition.”
Pushing down the panic rising in my heart, I smiled fondly at the spirit. “Now that wouldn’t do, would it? The world needs your volcano, Haff. It’s been a part of the land for millennia, and it’s going to stay that way if I have anything to do with it.”
He smiled weakly, then glanced over his shoulder again. “My brother calls. We must go, I’m afraid.”
I stiffened my spine in readiness but felt my knees wobble with fear. “Can you tell Jimmy I’ll see her soon?”
Haff bowed slightly. “Your jinn shall be informed of your whereabouts.” He reached out as if to hold my hand, and once again, the landscape disappeared

A putrid smell assailed my senses, coating every pore of my body as if I’d walked into a stink bomb ambush at high noon. The rocky ground was a barren wasteland peppered with strange pools of viscous pearlescent liquid. A massive volcano towered high above us, billowing white smoke rising up from its tip. Breathing was difficult, and I wondered how I’d be able to continue standing here, let alone interact with whatever entity was about to be thrown out.
“Give it a moment,” Haff advised. “Your breathing will adjust.”
My eyes watered as my lungs screamed for air. I couldn’t even open my mouth to ask when this adjustment would kick in. Haff’s form began to retreat, and my eyes widened in fear. Was he going to leave me here like this? I whipped my palms upwards to ask where the heck he was floating off to.
“The most difficult thing will be not losing yourself to the smell. It will be like nothing you have ever experienced before, but it is a distraction. Focus on what is coming and act instantly.” He looked upward fearfully, then bowed and disappeared. I turned my gaze to see what had him ‘bowing out,’ so to speak, when two things seemed to happen at once. I was able to breathe properly, instantly taking in a huge gulp of what should have been sulphuric air, but instead, it was sweet clear oxygen. As I bathed in the relief of breathing normally, I noticed the fumarole was spinning counter-clockwise.
Suddenly Jimmy popped into view, flanked by Zeke and Kutmisan. Both were loaded down with a multitude of strange weapons, all sharp, spiky and deadly.
“What are you guys doing here?” I exclaimed.
Zeke stepped closer, brushing his hand against a lock of my hair. “We’re doing this together.”
“You were close to death an hour ago!” I held his wrist and lowered it while stepping back. “You need to leave, now. It’s not safe.” My eyes shot to Jimmy, “for any of you.”
Zeke kept intense eyes trained on me. “Jimmy, bring in the others.”
“Others?” I balked. “No! Don’t bring anyone here. Go! Leave!” I yelled.
“You were there for us,” Zeke added calmly. “Now we’re here for you.”
Kutmisan stepped up beside Zeke and passed me a tiny dagger-like knife. “Code your beast, Mage.”

It turns out the others Jimmy was bringing in were five specially trained members of the Storm pack, along with Shay, Jonah, and a host of Fae creatures. All I could feel was relief that Eli and Ezra hadn’t come. Bringing up the rear were realm reps – over a hundred of them. All together, they made up a small army of powerful misfits.
“This is a bad idea,” I warned.
“We’re not moving,” Zeke countered. “And don’t try to argue─”
The heavens suddenly opened with a blinding light that detonated like a bomb, catapulting everyone back at least two hundred feet, except me. Deafening roars of a battle echoed from above, creating thunderous rumbles which shook the ground beneath me. I managed to keep myself upright, waiting for what I hoped would be deliverance from this cursed task. The beam of golden light was powerful but not painful to look at. It enveloped my body in warmth while the most beautiful bouquet enrobed me in a cocoon of well-being. It was the smell of fresh rain on soft earth covered with pillow moss and dew-covered jasmine flowers drying in the sun. Heavenly was the only way to describe it, and I became lost to childhood memories of walks through the fields with Parsons. They were happier times; carefree times, and I wanted to be held in that moment for eternity.”
“Peaches! Snap the hell outta wherever you be!” Jimmy yelled and slapped me hard on the face.
“Ouch, that hurt Jimmy,” I complained, but then I saw why she was so panicked.
Zeke had fallen to his knees, his slack face raised toward the light in ecstasy, while K-man looked like he was being burned from the inside out.
“What’s happening to them?” I asked in shock.
“I don’t know.” Jimmy’s feet shuffled in panic while Shay and Jonah rushed forward to try and help Zeke. “One looks like he’s in Heaven talking to God, and the other one’s in Hell cutting Lumiel’s toenails.”
I wanted to help them. I wanted to know what was affecting them, but my blood ran black as my mage grew in strength within me, centering my focus on the task.
“Uhm…Peaches? Talk to me.”
I welcomed this change in her and felt every vein in my body filled to maximum capacity with liquid onyx. We merged completely as one, and all my feelings and concerns for my friends completely fell away. I clenched the small dagger tighter in my fist as I moved forward with purpose, ready to send the beast into the depths of …well, I hadn’t worked that out yet. I’d only covered about forty feet when the beam of light shone on an object moving on the ground. Why did I think it would be hurtling to the earth? I realized I was still too far from where I should be to intercept it.
Sprinting forward with everything I had, the mage’s power came through in full savage force. A feral battle cry roared from my throat, wildfire danced in my eyes, and a feeling like Hell itself had just unleashed me slithered over my skin. Ink slinked from my fingertips onto the blade as my mind filled with symbols, sigils, glyphs, and runes I’d never seen before but immediately knew what each one represented. The combined knowledge contained within the icons could fill several libraries, and I recognized the monumental weight of what I had to accomplish but also the incredible honour the Universe was bestowing on me. A fleeting wave of shame passed through me when I remembered how reluctant I’d been and how much I’d cursed the mission’s burden on me. All those hours of researching a way out had been a complete waste of time because the knowledge I was hunting could never have been found in a book.
Sand swirled around a large object, obscuring it completely. But it didn’t matter, because I felt it, this was my target, and the trigger to code him was pulled within me like a shot from a gun. I lunged forward, my fingers tightened around the hilt of my raised blade, ready to ink the beast. But my steps faltered at the sight of a terrified wolf I’d sworn to protect.
“Eli????” I exclaimed in confusion. I fought to rein in the urge to etch my blade into his skin, but adrenaline and compulsion were gripping me hard. “What happened? How did you get here?”
His soft whine and mournful eyes made my heart pinch. Taking in the blade still held tightly in my fist, his eyes widened fearfully. Just as I was about to kneel closer and console him, fierce shouting came from behind me. K-man was brandishing his swords and yelling for me to kill the beast. Zeke was still on his knees, communicating with something I could not see. Shay and Jonah had shifted to their beast forms and were bounding forward, ready to kill, as were the Storm Band pack members and the Fae. I ran toward them, hands outstretched to halt their attack.
“Stop!!!” I yelled. “It’s Eli! It’s Eli!” But they continued as if I wasn’t there, as if I hadn’t spoken. I needed to find a way to protect him while I figured out why he was just sitting there. The sound of strange guttural snarls from behind had me pivoting around. What I saw made me stagger.
Eli lay on his side, his lifeless amber eyes peering out into nothingness. He appeared dead, but that couldn’t be. He was fine seconds ago. Then I noticed his belly moving, like puppies were inside, squirming to get out. Dashing over, I placed my hand on his furry flank and watched in horror as his entire body dissolved into bones. I didn’t have time to grasp what was happening when his skeleton suddenly morphed into a mountain of bones that fleshed out, becoming a ─Goddess above─ towering naked man with chalky grey skin, black eyes, and several rows of razor-sharp teeth. He resembled Lumiel’s ugly twin, only paler. The giant suddenly morphed into Jimmy, then Parsons, then Eli again, totally confusing the hell out of me.
“Eli?” I asked, “What’s going on?” Suddenly the wolf shifted, and the colossal man reappeared; his deep, unpleasant guttural laugh rang out and was quickly joined by eerily similar voices. Appearing out of nowhere was an army of beasts, seemingly all cut from the same cloth. Some had tree-bark skin, others had misshapen bodies, but all were truly hideous and so grotesque, it made me shudder. But it was the first one, the one that had mimicked Eli, who was my mage’s target. His power, I could feel it bone-deep. He was the Ancient One, far older and more powerful than Lumiel. I understood now why my death was predicted because you didn’t go up against something like this and come out breathing. But if this was really Eli who had a second form, much like Zeke had, then I couldn’t code him. I couldn’t cast him out. He was Parsons’ wolf, he was Elirion of Evenfall.
My mage overrode my emotional blockage and told me to contain and question the beast before coding. Okay! Yes! That made more sense, but after the shock of seeing Eli, it was hard mustering up the same high-octane urge to code.
Move! My mage urged.
I clenched my blade, stepping closer to the creature, my neck craning up to meet his evil eyes. He was at least ten feet tall. Milky white horns began protruding from either side of his head, curling into razor-sharp tips. He laughed evilly as his men ran past on either side of him, their gleaming swords pointed to kill. The clanging of metal coupled with battle cries from Kutmisan and the others told me their fight had just begun. My focus returned to the brute or was it Eli? Dammit, I was so confused.
“Why are you doing this?”I asked, but he dismissed me by flicking his foot out, sending me flying several feet away. My mage propelled me into a sort of awkward roll, saving me from cuts and broken bones, but not bruises. I was already sore, and I hadn’t even started yet. That didn’t bode well for a positive outcome. Scrambling to my feet, I inched closer, my eyes trained on the beast. There were no visible traces of my wolf left. This thing appeared so bold, so confident in his ability to escape punishment, that he laughed as I lunged and missed his thigh. Enormous white wings burst from his back, batting me away like an annoying fly as he flexed them. He looked down at me with disdain before bending his knees and shooting upwards.
Not thinking of anything, only stabbing that code into his flesh, I called on my mage’s strength and latched on to his foot just before he was out of reach. We were quickly propelled to great heights with the powerful rhythmic twists and thrusts of his massive wings. Barely clutching onto his ankle, I had absolutely no idea how I was going to code his forehead from down here. Still, failure was not an option. I’d already lost precious time wondering if he was Eli. I blamed Haff for this. He failed to mention anything about potential trickery and mind games when it should’ve been page one of lesson one. This is why I firmly believed a self-help book - ‘How To Code With Confidence: A Mage’s guide’ was necessary. And it’d be legible, not some indecipherable journal that gathered dust on a library shelf. If I’d been prepared for the emotional deception and known that it wasn’t really Eli, then I could’ve already engraved the bastard and be on my way home right now. Instead, I was flying past the crater of a volcano headed for the open sea with nothing to save me from becoming a pancake.
He jerked his foot several times to dislodge me and almost succeeded, but I dug my ink-covered dagger deep into the top of his foot and used it to get a better grip. He roared in pain and kept trying to kick me off. When that didn’t work, he tried lifting his foot to grab me, but that sent him off-kilter, disrupting his ability to fly. He did, however, manage to shake his foot so violently I was now only hanging on to his big toe, and my grip was slipping. Instinct told me to send more ink into the open wound caused by my blade, which I did. I also asked my mage to boost the strength in my arms because there was no way I could hold on much longer. Her response was immediate. The burning pain in my shoulders and arms dissipated, and I felt I could last a while longer in this position.
At first, I thought my ink wasn’t having any effect on the Ancient One, but then I felt his feet become rigid as if they were paralysed. He grunted and pushed to move his lower legs but couldn’t. His upper thighs and torso quickly became affected, too until, even his wings didn’t beat anymore. His deep cry of frustration seemed to echo for miles around and, despite my extremely precarious situation, I couldn’t help but smile. That was until he started free-falling like a rock from a plane. My scream rivalled his.
Millions of thoughts ran through my mind, notably the fact that he was most likely an immortal and wouldn’t die if he ended up in flapjack form. Sure, he’d probably be out of sorts for a few minutes, but then he’d be taking to the skies again, and that’d be the end of….well, everything. We suddenly tilted, no longer veering toward the ocean below. Instead, he seemed to be headed straight for a steep cliff-side stretching out far enough that there was no way we could avoid impact.
If I let go, I’d die. If I held on, I’d die. The end result would be the same no matter how many scenarios I scrambled to come up with. The sheer rocks came up to meet us at dizzying speed, and I couldn’t help but squeeze my eyes shut. ‘Make it quick, please,’ I prayed to the Goddess, ‘And, sorry you chose the wrong person for the job.’
But the impact didn’t come. Not the killing kind, at least. We tumbled too many times to count before stopping at the mouth of a cave. The beast had somehow managed to unfreeze one of his wings enough to direct himself to safety without a single scratch on his corpus malum.
Bastard.
I, on the other hand, had an oozing gash over my eye, a bloody nose, at least three broken ribs, and a headache I wouldn’t wish on anyone. Except him. I’d definitely wish this on him. The only thing stopping me from coding his ass right now was I needed to check that Eli wasn’t trapped within him somehow.
The beast appeared to have escaped unscathed, or so I thought but was now showing signs of injury. He rolled onto his back. Ah, yes, the groin area. He was cupping his package, sizeable as it was, and moaning. Not pleasurably, I might add. My guess was he’d probably never experienced pain before today. It would seem that the male weakness of having their genitals outside the body extended to newly fallen angel beasts.
Who would’ve guessed?
Feeling victory within my grasp, I stumbled forward, blade at the ready to interrogate him about my wolf. Ignoring the searing pain in my lungs and side, I kicked the mammoth in the junk for good measure sending him crawling into the cave’s mouth, howling in pain. If Eli was in there, I hoped there’d be no hard feelings about this, and if he wasn’t, I was about to let my mage loose. He spat out a mouthful of wet sand and seaweed, cursing me colourfully.
“Save your breath,” I ground out. “You’ll need it where you’re going.” Full disclosure – I still had no idea where he was going. It was all a bluff, a tough act to intimidate. K-man had taught me the roar alone was half the battle in terms of intimidating the opponent. One only had to observe the great Maori warriors executing their Haka to understand the true definition of menacing. I may not have the ability to engage in the beautiful expression and powerful dance of the Maori, but if hard pressed, I could scream a house down enough to conjure fear in anyone. 
I flipped his colossal form onto his back, straddling his chest. The further I was from his nether regions, the better. “Where’s Eli?” I ground out.
“Dead,” he announced casually, albeit breathlessly. “He’d served his purpose. I no longer needed his form and choked the life from him.”
“NO!” I yelled, pulling his hair and yanking back his head. I pushed my blade against his neck, but it only made him laugh. “You’re lying! I saw him with my own eyes before you changed. ”
“I speak the truth, Mage. He died so I could be whole.” He reached out, placing a hand on my leg. “Allow me to show you.” Then he did this weird thing where he was communicating telepathically.
‘Hear me,’ his voice sounded like a gong in my head. I heard his words, but he hadn’t moved his mouth. ‘I felt my untethering was approaching when the mage destined for my coding was summoned. My spirit form became free to travel, so I sought you out and found a strong connection to the old man. I could not take his form or any human form, but I saw into his thoughts and knew he wanted you to care for the wolf-fae. Whenever I could, I took the animal’s form, using him until my Father released me. You cared for the wolf, and that was all I needed for our escape.’
“You were in and out of Eli periodically? Like a possession?” I didn’t like the sound of that. The poor kid had been through enough with Oxana, he didn’t need to have his body snatched as well.
‘Yes. It confused the old man who was trying to integrate the wolf to his world. My presence within him was sensed as something ‘other.’
“How did it make Eli feel? Did it hurt him?”
‘The lamb marked for slaughter is fattened and well-tended to.’
“Slaughter?” I sobbed. “So you really did kill an innocent creature?”
“He died an honourable death,” the beast replied, devoid of remorse.
I sagged with grief and couldn’t help the stream of tears running down my face. “Why did you hurt him??? Why didn’t you just kill me outright when you had the chance?”
‘I was not untethered and could do nothing except watch, just as my Father had once commanded.’
With Eli’s death confirmed, my mage started to get antsy and wanted to skip to the coding part. I pressed the point of the blade to his neck. “What do you mean untethered?” I snapped. “And watch what? For who?”
‘You’re not a very bright mage, are you?’ he snickered smugly. ‘Here we are having this dry-as-dung telepathic conversation, and you haven’t realized I’m reading every single one of your thoughts.’
“Oh. Oh shit,” I said aloud. No point in thinking it, he already knew. There was no amount of ink in my body that could sway angelic power.
‘But that’s not the worst part, I can also control you.’
Instinctively, I recoiled, but it was too late. His voice – that gong – had put me in his thrall.
“Rise, Mage,” he ordered evenly but breathlessly. His crotch was still causing him some pain. I swear, after he was coded, I was plucking those wings and fashioning a feathery version of a fig leaf.
Ugh. Between Vivian’s disturbing full-frontal and his dangly bits, I’d be needing some therapy of the Eternal Sunshine Spotless Mind kind.
My body rose upright of its own accord and was planted a distance away but facing him. I willed my blade to gouge the skin on his forehead, but while the dagger trembled with the sheer drive to code, I was unable to bypass his hold on me.
“My corporeal suffering will pass,” he ground out. “Yours, however, is just beginning, female.” He hobbled toward me, his eyes sweeping my form. “Let’s see what kind of fun we can have here.”
His eyes darted to the blade still clenched in my hand. A sudden wave of compulsion blasted me backwards, urging me to release the weapon, but my mage was connected to that blade and seemed unaffected by his mind control. “Oh yeah?” I blustered, “rearranging your face is the only kind of fun that’s going to happen around here, male.”
He belted out a hearty laugh – the kind a predator would expel while toying with its prey. “You’re courageous, Mage. I’ll give you that, but let’s see if you still feel the same way when I’m done with you.”
An invisible hand snaked around my throat and squeezed hard. I stared straight into his evil dark soul as stars danced on the edge of my vision. His other hand suddenly struck out, jabbing my ribs so hard, I would’ve blacked out, only my Mage was at the helm.
“Let me enlighten you as to who you’re really dealing with,” he rasped before trailing his malodorous tongue along my cheek and neck.
“Blaargh,” I dry heaved. “You smell like a tavern dumpster!” I kicked my leg out hard enough to catch his crotch, forcing him to release me to tend to his very bruised jewels. I thought his ‘injury time’ was going to take a little longer, but he was back in a flash and all restraint was gone. With vengeance propelling him forward, he flung me to the ground with such force I landed on the sharp edge of a protruding rock, sliced my skin, and possibly broke another rib. Breathing was difficult, sweat formed on my body, and I had to bite my lip so I wouldn’t cry out in pain.
“I smell of the earth,” he said, stomping forward, “because that’s where my brothers and I have been bound for over two thousand years.” He thumped his chest in true ape-man style. “I am Shemhazai, once the great Chieftain of all Watcher Malachim for our Father! All. Angels!” he reiterated.
“Once?” I retorted. “Did you retire, or were you replaced?”
He wasn’t enjoying my attitude. Maybe he expected a female to fall on her knees in adoration of a title he’d once held. If that was the case…. “Very well then, my turn.” I cleared my throat and gently tapped my chest, enunciating in the same high-handed tone. “I am Jess, once the great Barista for all clients at The Mellow Mocha! Including Karens! All. Karens.” His eyes blinked several times. Nope, my introduction didn’t elicit any genuflection either, but it did fuel his impatience.
He grabbed a bunch of my hair in his fist and spoke close to my ear. “Our Father tied us to the earth for near on eighty generations. That ended today, and we’re not going to allow the remainder of his punishment he foretold come to pass. It is said─”
While he rambled on about some prophesy, my mage indicated that she was carefully undoing whatever invisible hold he had on us. She was working stealthily so as not to arouse his suspicion. I congratulated her on proving the ‘men and multi-tasking’ was just that, a myth then tuned back into Shazam? Shmazzy?”
“─bound by the coder, and ye shall be led to the abyss. Torment and pain will consume ye until death destroys all─”
My mage poked me again. Almost there, then we were going to slit him six ways to Sunday.
“─so be the judgement laid out for all two hundred of us,” he finished solemnly.
In the space of a second, the Shmazzy mind block was up, he was out of my head, and we were ready to send the wolf-killing bastard into the abyss. My mage lunged forward, launching two projectiles of ink into his soulless gaze, knocking him off his feet. The liquid seemed to be burning right through his skin. Acid, she communicated to me. Not wasting another second, I dove onto his prone form and grasped a bunch of his hair with one hand, but the blade just hovered over his forehead. I couldn’t inscribe anything!!!!
What the hell? Why couldn’t I code him? The angel was in agony but still managed to hiss that if I didn’t know his sins, I couldn’t code him. As he shook with laughter, I scrambled to think how to receive the list of his transgressions in order to condemn him. I was coming up blank.
‘Contain him,’ the mage urged, ‘at least until we know what the hell his crimes are.’
Inky tentacles slid off the blade, contouring his wrists, legs, and wings. The angel resisted, but after about half an hour, the ink seemed to have weakened him. He stopped fighting, and shortly afterward, passed out.
I leaned my back against the cave wall and slid to the ground, exhausted. My ribs were swollen and sore, my side had a gash that needed stitches, and I was covered in sweat and dirt. To be honest, I wasn’t too happy with Heaven’s management right now. What was taking them so long to deliver the damn charges?
The minutes passed into hours, and still, the transgressions hadn’t been delivered. I walked to the mouth of the cave and looked out onto the rising tide. It would soon flood the entire area. We had very little time left, but I didn’t know what else I could do to attain the list of violations.
Yet another reason for a handbook.
When the water started pooling around Shmazzy, I couldn’t wait any longer. Leaning over his large form, I yanked on one of the inky binds covering his eyes to see if he was awake. The magic containing him snapped, and in an instant, he was upright, free from the restraints and gunning to the cavern’s mouth.
“Son of a feather duster!” I ground out, trailing hot on his tail. I wasn’t going to make the same mistake of grabbing his ankle; instead, I launched myself onto his back like a rabid monkey and wrapped my arms around his neck, squeezing him with a rear-naked chokehold I’d once seen at a cage fight. Obviously, a move like that takes years of practice to perfect, so my paltry effort was barely preventing him from taking to the skies. On the plus side, he was making gurgling noises, so I upped the pressure, hoping he’d pass out. He made a feeble attempt to shake me off, but I bit his wing, tearing into plumes and sinew, which made him stumble about wildly.
I figured this was in the bag until he let loose a primal grunt, stalked backwards, and bashed me against the cliff wall. Everything went black for a second, but I didn’t lose consciousness, and I didn’t let go. When he twisted my ankle and broke it in one clean snap, I almost fainted. Air escaped my lungs in a wailing scream. My entire body trembled with shock. My mage urged me to hang on, to not give in, so I tried to tighten the grasp I had on his neck as sobs wracked my battered body.
His hands pounded against mine and would have broken every single bone in my arms had the mage not continuously slapped ink into him with the force of a nine iron. Still, every cell in my body trembled from adrenaline, abuse, and anguish. Even with my mage supporting me, my body was crashing. I was at the end of my rope and losing this battle. I lifted my head toward the sky, begging the Goddess for help.
Tell me his crimes! Please! I implored.
An authoritative voice came through, gently chiding me for waiting so long to ask thus suffering needlessly. I had to tell them when I was ready.
Could I roll my eyes at God? Would I be struck down or punished? I’m pretty sure I would be. I knew of at least three angels kicked out of Heaven; Lumiel, Zeke, and now Shmazzy. I’d never asked Zeke if Katy had been an angel, but I suspected she might be. All that to say, God seemed a tad impatient, so I wouldn’t be stoking his ire any further, that’s for sure.
The Father’s voice spoke telepathically. ‘The Watcher was expulsed two millennia ago for corrupting my children. He banded together with all the other Watchers of his kind, bound them to him and made them each forswear their pledge to protect and observe. Every single one of them raped and murdered, sired Nephilim, and made the ‘lesser’ humans serve them as kings. He tortured my children into believing he was their Heavenly father, their one true God. His actions and transgressions caused a great imbalance, and as punishment, I tethered him and his followers to the earth to languish in misery until such time as the mage would bring them to the abyss. Furthermore, as Head Watcher, he was in a position of authority over his fellow Watchers and corrupted their souls for his gain. And finally, for murdering your wolf, a being of light, as a means to escape his retribution, I ask that he be coded according to all of these grave transgressions.’
‘Okay,’ I communicated meekly. ‘Thank you?’
‘I will see you soon, ink mage.’
It was as if he’d hung up the phone. The connection was gone, and I couldn’t query anything he’d said, especially the last part about him seeing me soon. In fairness, it wasn’t a shock. Haff had said it would come to pass, Lumiel too. So if death was imminent, I wasn’t going out as a failure, because I was taking a beast with me. And the code to contain him was set in my mind as solid as stone.
I realized coding the Watcher’s forehead wasn’t mandatory, as any area of the body would do. I noted his naked back and broad shoulders were an easy canvas. There was only one problem, while I was listening to God, the Watcher had soared up way beyond the clouds. My mage had somehow fed me oxygen, but I knew it was only until the symbols were written, after which I’d be plummeting to my death. I pressed my thighs tightly into the Watcher’s sides, then plunged the blade into his bare flesh, trying my best to ignore his scream of agony.
His speed doubled. What little oxygen I had was burning up by the second. Quickly, but carefully, I carved into his skin the first symbol, which formed a disjointed P. He bucked like a bull trapped in a rodeo pen and did his level best to toss me, but I knew, within my marrow, that the code was already sinking in and taking effect. Sucking in what little air remained, I etched the second symbol, a sort of backward lower case T. Shmazzy flew higher, and I momentarily lost consciousness. I should be dead because we were now in the stratosphere, but somehow, my mage was keeping me alive. With my vision blurring, my grip weakening and not a drop of oxygen left in my lungs, I engraved the final symbol, a mix of a K and an X. Like two parts of the same rocket separating, I fell away into nothingness, watching as his body began to fracture into tiny pieces before exploding into a powdery form, floating aimlessly as it meshed with the solar winds beyond the exosphere.
He had become the code assigned to him: Dust.
My last thought while hurtling to earth was that I loved Zeke. I had loved him from the first day I’d set eyes on him. I thanked my mage and felt her ghostly hug before she too disappeared. And finally, I gave thanks to the Goddess that death would envelop me in her warm embrace and spare me the pain of feeling my body shattering on impact.



The empty room appeared to be of standard size, but it felt as big as the universe. It was also a shade of brilliant white I’d never seen before. In the furthest corner, diagonal to where I stood, was a tall shimmering door. I had no idea what was on the other side, but it didn’t matter. Where I was right now was very peaceful, calm, and warm. I felt happier than I’d ever been before and loved beyond anything my human mind could grasp. It took me several moments to understand that the source of this love was that all-encompassing light, and I found myself offering it all the love I could possibly give and it gave even more in return.
I never wanted to leave here. I was at peace. I was home.
Just as I thought those words, the door opened, and the form of a woman, whose features were undistinguishable, came closer. This woman was all love and all light that had ever been or ever will be. In the depth of my soul, I knew this magnificent being was the Goddess.
My only problem was I couldn’t fall low enough to honour and adore her, but I tired. I fell to my knees and worshipped her presence. Taking my hand, she guided me to a seat I hadn’t noticed before, then she sat beside me. 
That must mean I’m dead.
“Hello Jessica,” she smiled, communicating telepathically. “I am so happy to see you.”
“Hello,” I replied in the same non-verbal way. “I can’t remember how I got here, but I’d like to stay. It feels so wonderful.”
She smiled again. “You will come again another time, and then you can venture beyond the door, but for now, you need to go back, as it is not your time.”
“But, I don’t want to go back,” I frowned. “I coded the beast just like the Fates wanted. I didn’t mess up humanity or the realms. I thought that meant my work was done.”
“And what of the Watcher?”
“I just coded him, right?”
“I sent you another Watcher. Zaqiel or Zeke - the Opilio. He loves you very much, but I think you have trouble seeing that.”
“I thought he wanted to be with the worm, Essanne, and then I found out he was married to Tulipa, so I felt I couldn’t trust him, even though I loved him.”
She nodded her understanding. “He could have handled things a little differently. But, let me show you his heart.”
It was as if we were at the movies, where a lifetime of images, knowledge, and feelings were transferred to me as a massive download. In a time, well after Shmazzy was tethered to the earth, I saw Zeke as he was before he fell from Heaven. He’d been a Grigori, watching over the affairs of humans for God and transmitting messages when dispatched. He’d seen Katy, who was also Grigori, becoming ensnared by Lumiel’s lies. He tried to warn her because he saw how she was being so easily influenced and misled, but she rejected Zeke’s help. When Lumiel was cast out, she was questioned about her part in the uprising but wouldn’t speak out against her lover – not even for God. When she was expelled, Zeke volunteered to go with her and protect her. God refused, but Zeke begged him, and so, both of them became the Fallen. It was Michael the Archangel, a good friend of Zeke’s, who asked Bada, the demon transporter, to take them away from the River Styx. Michael saw the goodness in Zeke’s heart, saw how much he missed Heaven, and so he made him an Opilio. He also sowed the seed of a Warper in Katy – a challenge to fight against her darkness – but it was a battle she lost.
And then as the movie progressed, I saw through Zeke’s eyes how he felt when he saw me at his office, how the fallen angel in him woke up for the first time in millennia, and how new light entered his life. Through all the misunderstandings, miscommunications and foolish behaviour, his love for me never wavered. I realized how hurt he felt that I had not reciprocated his affections, and knew, in that instant, I couldn’t stay here because I needed Zeke to know that I loved him and would proudly accept his claim.
When the Goddess looked at me again, she knew I’d made my decision to return.
You’ll have some obstacles to overcome when your spirit re-enters your body, but all will be well. Trust in your strength and Zeke’s love for you.
“Thank you so much, Goddess!” Then I thought of Eli! “Oh, wait. Is Eli okay is he here?”
“I brought him here in my arms. He is happy and at peace. Do not mourn him, for he has completed his journey and is rejoicing at being home.”
That feeling of home I understood completely. I’d miss my wolf, but I wouldn’t mourn him. I gave the Goddess a big hug then nodded I was ready.
“Thank you, sweet child. Until we meet again,” she smiled. “Hurry, the banshee has almost finished her song.”


After leaving the expansive space of the room, I felt like I was being shoved into an ice-cold slab of skin. It took a few moments to adjust to being small and human again. During that time, I saw everything vibrating in my body on a cellular level. Beyond the confines of the anatomy, I registered how our entire existence was made up of many different vibrations and saw how our thoughts create different energy frequencies – some lower, some higher. One particularly dense vibe was slowly drawing me into consciousness. There was a lot of shouting mixed with the clanging of metal, along with a persistent squeak and a wheezing drone that assaulted my eardrums. I opened my eyes at the precise moment an electric bolt zapped my entire body, painfully. I gulped in a loud and deep gasp of air, immediately silencing the discordant cacophony.
A rhythmic heart beat filled the room.
Glancing around, I noticed I was in Zeke’s bedroom, but it looked more like an intensive care unit. Zeke was right beside me, but he was barely recognizable. His hair wasn’t plaited as usual but was a jumbled mess that fell around his face. He’d grown a scruffy beard and was wearing a baggy sweatshirt. His eyes, or what I could see of them, were contoured by dark circles. Also in the room were Jimmy, Jonah, Shay, Jax, Ezra, Ivy, and even Lily; all were in a state of suspended shock. Lily, the banshee, was in a ghostly form. She saw me, smiled before bowing momentarily, then quickly left the room through the wall.
“SHES’S ALIVE!!!” Ivy proclaimed in a prolonged squeal.
“Peaches!” Jimmy cried as she rounded the bed. Zeke, who I hadn’t realized had been holding my hand like it was a lifeline, burst into tears and nestled his head in my neck. I cradled his head with my free hand, words completely failing me at that moment.
Shay and Jonah stood at the end of the bed, gaping in disbelief. Jax dashed over, staring at me as if he couldn’t believe what he was seeing. Then he jumped into action, scooting Zeke and Jimmy to the side while he verified my vitals.
“You were in a coma and on a ventilator,” he stated, confused, “for five months. We’d just taken you off life support because there were no signs of neurological regeneration. But, am…we had some disagreement about that.” He looked past me to Zeke.
My head turned to the Opilio, who was trying his best to contain his emotions. He came to my side again and pressed my hand to his lips, keeping them there as his eyes closed and heavy tears trickled down his cheeks. He seemed to be in such anguish like he had been standing on the edge of a precipice. “I felt you were still in there,” Zeke rasped. “I knew you weren’t gone, not completely.”
“I’m hard to kill,” I croaked, caressing his jaw. “And I’m not going anywhere. Well, maybe to the shower,” I chuckled.
“Uhm…Jess, there’s something you should know.” Jax’s grim tone told me this wasn’t going to be good news. “Your injuries were extensive, most especially to your spine. I’m afraid, from the tests we’ve conducted, we know you will not have the use of your body from the waist down.”
“No,” I responded, gently refuting his opinion. “No. I’m fine. I know I am.” Judging from their discomfort, they all thought I was in denial.
“You’ll have round-the-clock care,” Zeke assured me. “And I’ll be by your side every second.”
“And Peaches, ain’t no disability gonna spare you from those shopping trips you still owe me, mmmkay.”
Ivy came into view. Her smile couldn’t hide the sadness in her eyes. “And my little girl is expecting loads of play dates with her aunty Jess.”
“And we,” Shay thumbed toward Jonah, “are going to make you sit through so many Star Wars marathons, you’re going to be an intergalactic expert.”
“And you won’t be able to escape either,” Jonah guffawed but got slapped behind the head by Shay, who called him a dumbass. 
My eyes trailed down to check what I was wearing. Someone had put a plain white cotton nightie on me, which was better than one of those open-back gowns. Whatever equipment had kept me alive was sitting on surgical trolleys off to the side. “How long did you say I’ve been like this?”
“Five months,” Jax replied. “We transferred you here from the hospital about three months ago.”
That would mean my muscles had probably atrophied and would make me all noodle-legs. Doing a mental scan of how I felt, the first thing I noticed was how raw my throat felt on the inside ─ probably from whatever tubes had been in there ─ but other than general weakness, I felt okay. 
“We’ll adapt the place,” Zeke continued softly while caressing little circles on my wrist. “Make it exactly the way you want it. Or we can move and─”
“Zeke,” I interrupted lightly, “it’s fine. Everything is going to be fine.”
“Guys, can you give us a minute?” Zeke asked and ushered everyone out of the room.
While his back was turned, I grasped the top of the sheet, pushed off the covers then went to swing my legs off the bed, but they wouldn’t follow. 
 “Jess! No!” Zeke dashed over, his hands outstretched to catch me. “You’ll fall.”
“I can do this.” He sat on his hunches, fear warring with pride in his expression. “Believe me,” I implored him. In my heart, I knew I wasn’t paralysed. I trusted the Goddess when she said I’d have obstacles to overcome but that everything would be okay. I was going to work hard to restore my body. “Just let me lean on you. I know I’ve got this.”
He nodded, then feathered my lips with a kiss. “I’ll always be here for you, Jess. Always.”
My hands cupped his cheeks as I gazed into his jade eyes. “I know, my Opilio. I want you to be there because there is nobody else for me, only you. I’m sorry it took me so long to say it, but I love you, and I accept your claim.”
Zeke fell to his knees and placed his head in my lap, offering up my name as well as prayers of thanks to the Heavens. Around his neck area, the edge of his massive tattoo suddenly became luminescent, as if it had come to life. 
“Zeke, your tattoo is glowing!”
“It’s absorbing your ink from when you shaded the eye on my back. It’s accepting your claim and sending it to every Otherworlder I’m connected to. They will feel your love for me and will never doubt you again. You honour us all with your love.” He wiped the tears of joy from his cheeks. “Ready, my sweet mage?”
“Ready!” I smiled.
Reaching out, he placed his strong arms under my noodly legs before positioning me on the edge of the bed. “On the count of three.”
My hands gripped his forearms. He counted down, then nodded, as I pressed my lips together and forced myself upright. My body trembled significantly from the effort of having just done that simple action. Zeke had wrapped his arm around my waist, taking most of my body weight. Inching my foot forward in a gliding motion, I tried to get the other to follow. It took several attempts, but I got there. One step forward felt like an Olympian feat, and when I lifted my regard to Zeke, he looked like I had reached for the stars and unhooked one for him.
“I’m not paralysed,” I gushed. “I just need a little rehab.”
“I’ll get you all the care you need.” Zeke lifted me gently into his arms and sat in the armchair adjacent to the bed. He tucked me onto his lap, holding me like I was a precious flower. “I am in awe of you, warrior woman,” he whispered. “If you never walked again, it wouldn’t change how I feel for you. There is only you in my heart and my soul, and I want to spend the rest of my time on this plane worshiping you.” He tilted my chin upwards to meet his gaze. “I love you, my ink witch.”
Holding his face with my hands, I pressed my forehead to his, “I love you too, my Opilio. Always and forever.”
Epilogue

The Yards was shut down for the day – to outsiders, at least. The streets were decorated for the massive party that would begin shortly and would last until the wee hours of the morning. All residents were in their finery, the sun was shining, and the atmosphere was festive.
“Ready?” Parsons tipped his head up to me with a proud gleam in his eye.
“I am,” I replied with a shaky breath.
“Don’t tip that bouquet, Peaches,” Jimmy warned with feigned annoyance, “and if you touch your hair one more time, Imma gonna tie your hands together.” Jimmy, and the Fae seamstress, Stella, had designed my dress, which was simply breathtaking.
“Isn’t that what we’re here for anyway?” Ivy pitched in with a giggle. “It’s a hand-fasting ceremony.”
Avens, who was perched on a step-ladder, hushed them both maternally while fussing over my hair. The Brownie had braved the crowds to be here for me today, although she told me she’d slip away before the celebrations began. “You’ve made me as proud as any mother could be on her daughter’s special day.”
I shook my head, fighting the tight knot in my throat. “I’m the one who’s proud to have had such a wonderful, caring person looking out for me.”
“Nonsense, child,” she smiled, waving off my words. With a furtive glance over her shoulder, she dipped her hand into the floral pouch hanging from her thin wrist and extracted a tiny piece of folded paper. “It’ll get bigger once you hold it,” she whispered, holding it upright.
“Oh, what is it?” I asked with a smile, thinking it was a recipe for her amazing bread.
She beckoned me closer and whispered, “it’s the deed to Snake Bite. Vivian’s tavern.” I shot her a look of terror, but she continued as if this was a salad we were talking about. “It’s your birthright by law, and nobody would ever contest that before the new Magistrar. Now, Vivian doesn’t know it’s no longer in her safe on account of her being locked up, and Paz is none the wiser either. I’ll just keep it hidden until you feel ready to take on that particular nest of vipers.” Her hand pushed my chin upwards to close my gaping mouth. “Just make sure I’m there when you do whatever it is you want to with the place, okay? It’ll be fun.” And just like that, she disappeared along with her ladder.
“Mademoiselle Darrows! You look more beautiful than the stars,” Jacques, Semyon’s long-suffering butler, gushed before placing a quick kiss on my hand.
“Oh Jacques, I’m so glad you could make it,” I smiled and gave him a big hug. “Thank you for coming.”
“It’s not too late to choose me,” Semyon chirped flirtatiously as he stepped up beside Jacques. His eyes gave an appreciative sweep over my form. “You’re a vision, Jess.”
“I apologize, Jess,” Jacques shook his head, “he insisted on being my plus one.”
“Did he now?” I retorted, fisting a hand on my hip. Semyon looked like he stepped off the cover of a glossy magazine, and while I was glad to see he wasn’t suffering as before, my guard was up because I couldn’t trust him as far as I’d throw him. “Do you still have bloodlust?”
“No,” he smiled. “A certain Brownie we both know gave me a cure in exchange for a favour.”
“Avens?” I huffed disbelievingly. “You’re telling me you owed Avens a favour?”
“I’d have done anything to be rid of the bloodlust, so yeah, she gave me a temporary cure until I procured a deed for her from a snake pit. Once I handed it over, she made the healing permanent, so now, I’m back to my old self again,” he announced with outstretched arms and a devilish grin.
Avens was unreal! Not to mention discreet. She was my hero and my guardian angel. “You better behave yourself while you’re here. Is that clear?”
“You have my word,” he replied solemnly. “I’d never ruin your special day.”
“You better not.” Or I’d sic Avens on him. She was spending a lot more time in Faerie these days since their new monarch wasn’t a despot. King Ren had won the hearts of most of the realm’s citizens, save for the ‘team-Oxana’ die-hards.
I went to turn away when Semyon stepped closer. He held up the moonstone necklace I’d left at Raven’s Bluff and placed it in my hand. “Jess, I’m very sorry for hurting you. I never meant for it to go so far…..I just…well…I’m a dick.”
“Fine, I forgive you,” I replied with feigned annoyance. “But what you did to my friend Jimmy with those social media posts was uncalled for. So I’m expecting you to make amends.” I motioned in the direction of the stunning jinn. “She likes cocktail dresses.”
He inclined his head in understanding. “I’ll make sure she receives several as an apology.” He took out his phone and noted Stella’s contact information. 
“By the way, there’s one thing I never figured out, what was really on that certificate I had to bring the queen, and who gave it to you?”
“I got it off a guy down at Snake Bite who owed me a favour. I saw Oxana and Zeke had tied the knot, but I needed the queen to authenticate it with you, so that you’d see Zeke wasn’t worth your trouble.” He looked around at the crowd of guests for our special day and smiled sheepishly. “Guess my plan didn’t pan out.”
“No, it didn’t because Oxana never mentioned what was on the document. But you’re lucky she’s gone because she was out for your blood.”
He fidgeted with his tie. “Guess I dodged a bullet then, right?”
“That guy at the tavern, what was his name?”
“Sounds like… Bay something.” He scratched his head for a moment. “Boysen, I think. Yeah, that’s it. Snobby fella too, for a fairy, but he looked like shit – beaten up by someone with a bad temper.”
“Incorrigible, celui-là.” Jacques rolled his eyes before ushering Semyon toward their seats.
“Enjoy the day,” I smiled. “Both of you.”
So Boysen was the one stirring the pot? But why? Wasn’t he Oxana’s go-to elf? Unless she beat him up? I guess that would explain why he wasn’t a devoted fan of the Shoilse, after all.
The music began playing, signalling it was our cue to move forward. Ezra and Ling were both ring bearers. Losing Eli had been hard for Ezra, but I told him about what the Goddess said, and that helped him somewhat. Ling had decided to stay in The Yards. The rent was cheap and he’d hit it off with Rick, the manager. The combination of their art and passion meant business was booming in Ink Spot.
Standing next to the lapping waves of Hanks Cove in the beautifully adorned Gazebo was my Opilio and his two best men, Shay and Jonah. The guests were seated on a simple but beautifully decorated platform. Kutmisan and Rathe both waved as we prepared to move forward. They had visited me a few times during my convalescence, where they shared how their lives had changed since the expulsion. Kutmisan no longer worked at Inferna, as he’d found redemption on the day of the coding, and now spent his time making Katana swords in the converted dojo. Rathe hadn’t found K-man’s replacement yet, but was enjoying the selection process, immensely.
Jimmy began walking down the aisle, sashaying her hips, while pitching rose petals onto everyone she passed. Ivy and Baby followed in twirls and giggles.
Parsons approached with laboured shuffles and held out his elbow for me to take. We knew he wouldn’t be able to walk the entire length of the aisle, but it was important for him to go as far as he could. Not that I was skipping beside him either. We were both shuffling and made quite the pair. Still, I had come on in leaps and bounds from when I first attempted to stand by myself. Zeke stepped forward and walked up the pathway to meet us.
“Take care of my daughter,” Parsons cautioned paternally as he pressed my hand into Zeke’s.
“Until my last breath,” Zeke replied sincerely.
“Thank you, Parsons,” I croaked with tears in my eyes. He nodded, patted my hand then let Lyre assist him to his seat.
“I’m so proud of you,” Zeke whispered, cupping my face. “You look so beautiful, like a vision from Heaven.”
“You’re pretty edible yourself,” I smiled.
“Edible..hmmmmm,” he said, whispering close to my ear as we moved down the aisle. “Glad I’m on the menu.” He covered my hand with his, and together, we stepped into the gazebo.
“Welcome, welcome!” Willa, the officiant, beamed broadly. The vast crowd smiled at us, the sound magically amplified so everyone present could hear. “I have the great honour of joining our Opilio Zeke Bai and his mate Jessica Darrows in expressing their vows of love through this hand-fasting rite.”
We had each sent Willa the vows we’d composed without sharing them with one another. For some reason, I was terribly nervous and doubting if what I’d written was good enough. But, I told myself that what I had to say was from my heart, and that’s all that mattered.
“Can you each put your right hand forward,” Willa instructed while presenting a long white silk ribbon. “And I bid you both to look into your mate’s eyes. Zeke’s gaze was so filled with love that I almost fell to my knees. He squeezed my hand lightly, removing the slight tremor that was there. “Do you both promise to honour the vows you will make to one another today?”
“The oath I make is true,” Zeke replied, strongly and reverently.
“The oath I make is true,” I repeated, holding his gaze and loving what I was seeing.
Willa placed the ribbon over both of our joined hands. “The first binding is made,” she announced happily. “Zeke, what is your promise to Jessica?”
“Jess, the moment I met you, you took my breath away. So,” his left hand tipped my chin up as he stepped closer, speaking so softly, so reverently, Willa had to magically amp up the sound. “Until my last breath, my heart is your home, and all that I have is yours. Until my last breath, my body is your shelter to protect you from all harm, all fears, and all pain. Until my last breath, my soul is yours to keep, that we may be together as stars in the night sky forever. ” 
His beautiful vow enveloped me in such love and warmth, I could barely think straight. He slipped a most beautiful band on my finger, but I couldn’t even take it in, I was so overwhelmed. It was only Willa announcing that the second binding was made and that it was my turn to make my promise that cleared my rosy fog. Feeling my skin flush with embarrassment, I took his left hand and entwined his fingers with mine. “Zeke, upon my Mother moon, I promise you will feel no cold, for my love will always keep you warm. I promise you will feel no loneliness, for I will always be by your side. I promise you will feel no sadness, for I will always be your light if darkness falls. Through it all, I promise my heart will always be there for you.”
Zeke’s eyes were glassy as I slipped the band on his finger. Willa placed the final ribbon over our hands and tied them together, then, with outspread hands, joyfully announced, “May your love be a constant source of light for all. You may kiss your mate.”
As the crowd burst into raucous applause, Zeke’s mouth claimed mine with such passion and love, my heart skipped several beats. Without a word, he scooped me up bride-style ─ pun intended ─ and carried me through the cheering throng.
Secure in his arms and surrounded by friends and all these people who were now like a massive family, I lifted my head to the sky and thanked the Goddess because I truly felt something I had never felt before: I belonged.


The End
Acknowledgements

Thank you so much for reading my book. I hope you enjoyed Jess and Zeke’s story. If you can take a moment to leave a review that would be really appreciated.
To Louis, my amazing husband and beta reader, thank you for all the input and straight up, no-nonsense feedback. Thank you for the endless support you provide and for gently imposing breaks when I’ve been in front of the screen for hours. To my sweet Millllaaaarrr, (Zheng Han Lai) https://www.instagram.com/77tsutsu/ your cover artwork and attention to detail is simply wonderful. Thank you so much for capturing Jess’ vibe from the get-go. To Jean, the ‘holes-in-the-plot’ detective, thank you so much for always giving honest feedback. To eagle-eyed Anne, thank you for spotting all the typos and errors made. Any mistakes found at the time of publishing are entirely my own fault. To Rachel, my bestie and formatter-extraordinaire, thank you for looking after all the techie stuff. 

Note to all Realm reps: Jess has been busy trying to get you tech-aversive lot to use Twitter. Please find her messages here @JessDarrows https://twitter.com/JessDarrows 
