


Earth Vote


A Novel By


Frank Lingo
 


Copyright © 2017 by Frank Lingo

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without written permission from the author.

ISBN: 1-58721-123-8




Acknowledgements


Special thanks to my wife, Cheri, for her love and patience. I’d like to thank those who helped me advance in my writing career by taking a chance on my material, especially Rich Hood at The Kansas City Star.

All names, characters and circumstances in this book are fictitious. Any similarity to real people is coincidental. 

Dedicated to the memory of my mother and father and the values of peace and equality they stood for.



Chapter 1


The two window washers, Fairly Middlin and Fred Brack, leaned over the edge of the building and grinned down at their partner, Camilla Piquanto. Fairly, a white man about 40 of average build with premature gray hair, and Fred, almost 40 but black, tall and slim with a mustache, each grabbed a support rope of the scaffold Camilla stood on a story below. The short, young Latina with reddish dark hair in a ponytail, looked up in a panic.
“DON’T!” she screamed as they shook the ropes causing the scaffold to tremble under her feet. “QUIT IT, QUIT IT,” she yelled as the boards banged back and forth against the building. The guys cackled as Camilla desperately held the safety strap that was fastened to her waist and tried to keep her balance. When she started to cry, they finally let up.
Hoisting the platform up top, the guys giggled at Camilla, who stepped onto the roof and quickly landed a hard kick to Fairly’s balls. Fred dodged her swing at him as a look of surprise came over his face. Fairly fell back in pain while Fred kept his distance from the furious young woman.
“We were just havin’ some fun s’all,” Fred tried to explain.
“It’s not funny, asshole!” shouted Camilla, still swinging at Fred as he danced like a boxer to avoid her.
Soon she tired of the chase and stomped toward the elevator. Fred walked over to Fairly, who still lay in a heap moaning.
“You alright, man?”
Fairly slowly got up as Fred lent a hand to boost him. After a few minutes of recovery, the men packed up their equipment and rode down to the service bay where Camilla sat, still fuming, in the van.
“You didn’t have to get so vicious,” said Fairly, delicately seating himself behind the wheel.
“YOU don’t have to bully people, shithead!” she spat back, as she faked a punch from the seat beside him.
Fred finished loading and hopped in the back seat. They drove off in silence.
The heat of the late afternoon didn’t help the mood. The van had no air conditioning and the wind blew waves of heat on them as they drove slowly in the freeway traffic jam.
Fairly turned off at Fred’s street, an older well-kept neighborhood of small closely-spaced houses. “See y’all Monday,” Fred said as he got out and started walking across his short lawn. As they started to drive away, Camilla looked where Fred had sat, then called back “Fred, your cooler.” Fred stepped back off his porch just to see Camilla throw the styrofoam cooler down, smashing it on the curb.
“You’ve got problems, you know that?” said Fairly.
“Yeah, I know and they’re called men,” Camilla answered. They continued on their way, driving into the poorer part of town. Fairly stopped in front of an old run-down apartment house and Camilla got out. “Monday at 7:30,” he called after her.
“Not if I win the damn lottery,” she muttered.
Camilla sidestepped the dogcrap and broken glass as she prepared herself for the haul up to her fourth floor walk-up.
Fairly swung the van into traffic, glad to be getting out of the area quickly. Back on the freeway, heading home, he was moving a little better in the fast lane when a beat-up tank of a car cut across two lanes and pulled just in front, causing him to slam on his brakes. Fairly pressed on the horn and the two young guys in the tank gave him the finger.
Leaning forward, he reached under his seat and felt the handgun there. The pressure of leaning caused a twinge in his sore balls, and he snarled as he pulled the pistol out and straightened up again.
Fairly swerved into the middle lane and pulled along the right side of the big car. He stuck his arm out the window and aimed the gun at the guys who had cut him off.
“Oh, shit!” yelled the passenger as Fairly fired a shot into the car’s front tire. The car careened wildly, went off the road and crashed into a signpost. Fairly just drove on, sniggering.

When Fred Brack got inside his house, he turned on the air conditioning, grabbed a beer and sprawled on the couch. Jazzpurr the cat jumped on his tummy and curled up. Before Fred finished the bottle, he was asleep.
In his dream, the river water was cool on Fred’s feet as he dangled them off the old dock and cast his line into the glistening deep. Fred was back on his Grandpa’s little farm where he had spent summer vacations as a kid. The bugs were humming like nature’s jazz orchestra. There was no one else around and the skinny little boy breathed easy as he fished…
Waking up Fred heard, “Oooh, it’s cool in here.” LaVon Parker, his live-in girlfriend, bent down to give the sleepy Fred a kiss. He grabbed her and pulled her down on the couch.
“Baby, I’m tired. I had to work late and go grocery shopping.” She tried to stand up but he held her to him.
“Just a little sugar for your man,’ said Fred. “Maybe later, if you behave.”
LaVon broke free and went to the kitchen. She glanced at herself in the hall mirror as she passed. The light-skinned black woman wasn’t as slim as she’d like, but she still cut a sexy figure. Ever since having Shazelle 8 years ago, she’d done her best to keep looking good but it was tough to do. LaVon knew that her sexiness helped get her the job as receptionist at that white law firm, and she wanted to keep her job.
“You could help with the groceries,” she called to Fred.
He sauntered into the kitchen. “Whadja get?”
LaVon picked up the phone. “You’ll see as you put them away. Mom? Howya doin’? I’m tired, long day. How’s my girl?
"Uh huh, uh huh. She what? Oh Lord, it’s starting already. Okay, she can stay for supper but send her home before dark. I’ll see ya tomorrow ‘bout noontime. Bye.”
After supper Shazelle Parker left her Grandma with a big kiss and hug, then started down the street to her Mom’s house 3 blocks away. It was starting to get dark and and the sky was deep purple like a grape popsicle, as Shazelle walked along singing softly to herself. Tall and thin for her age, she looked darker, more like Radney Sweet, her Dad, than like her Mom. But it was getting hard to remember her Dad. She hadn’t seen him in more than 2 years. Still, she hoped to see him soon. That’s what she always hoped.
Like now. She wished her Dad could walk her to Mom’s house. He wouldn’t even have to come in, just go along with her, maybe carry her piggyback a little ways, even though she was getting kinda big for that. That’s what he’d probly tell her, then he’d tickle her and carry her anyway. And then when they got to Mom’s house, he’d give her a kiss and say he’d see her again soon. And he would, too!
The little girl was so deep in her duskdream that she didn’t notice the two men arguing by a car until she was almost next to them. But then she saw one of the men reach behind his back and pull out a gun. Then he shot the other man who fell down screaming in pain. Then the one with the gun shot him again.
Shazelle froze where she stood. The man with the gun looked at her and shook his head, then got in the car and drove off. Shazelle looked down at the shot man who was lying on the sidewalk just a few feet in front of her. The blood was flowing fast out of his chest. Suddenly Shazelle ran. She ran around the shot man and all the way home.
She burst thru the door, on to the kitchen and into her mother’s arms. She held her mom very tight, tight enough that her life wouldn’t slip away, so that she wouldn’t be like that man on the sidewalk with the blood coming out of him.
LaVon looked down at her daughter, first in surprise then with concern. “Baby, what’s wrong, what’s wrong?”
Shazelle shook her head and held on. Her mom kept asking and finally after a few minutes Shazelle pointed to the street. That’s when they heard the sirens. Fred went out to see what was going on.
A little later, he came back looking very serious. “Man got shot on the next block. Shot dead.”
LaVon held her daughter’s face in her hands. “Honey, is that what you saw?” The little girl looked up into her Mom’s big eyes and nodded. Then she started to cry. LaVon held her very close and tried to be strong. Then she started to cry, too.
Fred felt awkward at that moment. His relationship with Shazelle had not become as close as he’d hoped yet, but he felt bad for the girl.
He went over and put his arms around them both.
That night, LaVon rocked her child to sleep in the little girl’s bed. It was midnight before she joined Fred in their room.
“I thought we got away from all that killin’ when we moved here,” she said.
“Could happen anywhere,” said Fred.
“Well, It shouldn’t happen before my little girl’s eyes. She could have been killed!”
“If she saw the shooter, she could still be in danger.”
“Oh my God, oh my God,” cried LaVon. She hardly slept a wink that night.

Earlier, over in the poorest part of the city, Camilla had slowly dragged herself up to her fourth floor flat. In the un-air- conditioned apartment, she took a cool shower. Afterward, she sat in her towels in front of the fan. She got warm again very soon.
Sitting there, Camilla thought about her parents’ homeland, Puerto Rico. She’d never been there but she pictured the lush tropical forest and the white sand beaches melding into the sparkly blue sea. She saw herself sunning on the shore and swimming in the cool foaming waves. Camilla wondered why she was stuck in this miserable city instead of living on an island paradise.
There was a knock at the door. “Who is it?” she called. 
“Fernando. Open up!”
She went and opened the door a crack.
“You’re late with the rent. You owe for two months.” Fernando was her landlord. He was fat and greasy, always giving her the eye.
She wasn’t in the mood for this. “Hey, if you got rid of the roaches and kept the crackheads off the stairs, maybe I’d pay for this dump.”
“Oh, I’m here to spray, too,” he said and held up the spray can for her to see.
“Well, I’m not dressed. Just a minute.” She closed the door on him and locked it, then went in the bathroom to hang up the towels. As she stepped into her bedroom to get dressed, he grabbed her.
“Good thing I got my master key,” he smirked as she fought to get away.
“Let go, you pig!” she screamed, flailing to free herself from his groping hands.
“I could forget the rent you owe if you be nice,” he said. “No, no, you’re gross! Leave me alone!” she yelled.
“I’ll kick your pretty ass out on the street, ‘less you gimme some.”
Camilla paused. She’d gotten her paycheck today but she had to give some money to her Mama, and she had to keep some for food and the electric bill. The fight went out of her.
Fernando felt his victory. He got on top of her and did his business. Camilla kept her eyes closed so she didn’t have to see the creep violating her. Thankfully he was quick, and rolled off.   “You a hot tamale, chickie.” he grinned evilly at her.
She spat in his face. His grin turned down and he punched her in the mouth. She started crying and shouting for him to get out.
Fernando wiped his face and got up to go. At the door he turned to say “Remember, bitch, next month it’s your cash or your ass.”
After he left, Camilla took another shower, this time a very long one, to try and clean any trace of that greasy pig off her.
She prayed that he hadn’t given her a baby or some disease.
It wasn’t the first time a guy had forced himself on her. That had started back in junior high. But she vowed to herself not to lose hope for finding a decent guy. Still, her hope was fading a little.
There was a bottle of wine in the fridge. The radio played some Latin music she liked and over the evening she drank the bottle in front of the fan and passed out on the living room floor.

After Fairly had shot the car tire, he drove on to the far west suburbs, took his exit and turned into Bare Woods Manor. The houses all looked the same. There were no trees to speak of but an occasional sapling amid the manicured sod.
Winding his way around Sterile Circle (the developers expected the doctor crowd to invest here since it was on the golf course), Fairly clicked his garage door opener and drove the van inside.
Entering the house was like stepping into a cooler. The temperature was 35 degrees less than the 100 outside.
That was one thing he used to fight with his wife about. He’d kept it so cold that she had to wear sweaters around the house in the middle of summer.
Well, no matter now. Donna had left him the year before last, taken the kids and gone back to her family. He couldn’t really blame her, but… he still did. Sure, things had gotten difficult when he’d lost his job managing Cyber Shack. And yes, he drank too much. But a good wife, an old-fashioned loyal wife, would have stuck with him thru the hard times, would have comforted him and together they’d have made it.
But no, Donna said it was too hard. Back even further, when he’d lost his engineering job, his real job in the field of his master’s degree, she had helped by going back to teaching grade school. She knew it wasn’t Fairly’s fault when he’d lost that job, the company laid off hundreds of people.
Fairly poured himself some lemonade and sat back on his recliner (one of the few pieces of furniture he’d managed to keep) and mulled it over in his mind as he’d done so many times before. He pressed the remote and the TV snapped on, but he paid it no mind.
Yeah, they’d been just squeaking by after he’d had to take the store manager job. It paid a lot less than engineering but with Donna’s income they were able to make their payments. But he hated that damn store, the whole hokey operation. Always having to take every customer’s address so the chain could mail out their catalogs. And they couldn’t keep any decent help, so he had to work late hours.
Of course, there was his drinking, he admitted that. It had started back when he was between jobs. He’d have a couple beers in the afternoon, it was so damn boring. Then a scotch or three in the evening. In bed, Donna acted like he had the plague.
She was stressed, too. She hadn’t wanted to go back to work while the kids were still little, but she didn’t have much choice. They’d bought their brand new house on the golf course, and they still had the car payment even tho she’d sold her own car. Also, Fairly had started dipping into his modest inheritance to make his house payments.
From his chair now, Fairly looked at the kids’ pictures set on top of the television. He missed them so much. Donna was driving them here tomorrow for his 2 weeks of summer visitation. That was the main reason he’d quit drinking since the divorce – it was written into the custody agreement that he’d have to stay sober if he was going to get his meager visits with the kids.
Kristen was 7 now and Harrison was 4. It was Christmas break the last time he’d seen them, and his arms ached for their hugs. He wondered how they were handling the break- up now. Kristy had seemed to cope with the divorce pretty well but it had been rough on Hairly.
Fairly and Hairly. The boy had been named Harrison after Fairly’s father but Kristy called him Hairly when he was a baby and the goofy nickname stuck.
The little guy was only 2 when Donna had taken them away, out of state but not out of mind. Now Fairly missed his kids. His own mother and father, both heavy smokers, had passed away years ago from lung cancer so he felt all alone. He’d never really been close with his kid brother Tad, who lived a long ways from him.
But it was more than miles between Tad and Fairly. They had grown up in a typical white middle-class family, one that seldom engaged in much affection with each other. His mother used to hug him sometimes but he never felt real comfortable with it. That’s why he surprised himself with how much he enjoyed being a father. The playfulness of the kids had brought that out in him. He missed the bedtime stories. the cuddling, the kiss goodnight.
Unfortunately, there was also some nasty yelling that he had done when the kids got on his nerves. He had discovered a power in his voice that was missing in his life. His powerlessness at losing his job in his chosen field had sometimes put him into a blind rage. He hadn’t really abused the kids except for spanking too hard a couple of times, but it was that hateful tone of voice they feared. Yet, being kids, they were forgiving and still missed him.
Donna feared him, too. He had yelled at her often in those last few months. He even slapped her one night when he was drunk and raving on about some dumb thing he blamed on her. She’d given him a look after he slapped her. He could never forget that look – the hurt and betrayal she felt showed in her eyes even tho she’d tried to act tough.
After that, they’d tried counseling but Fairly was still drinking and Donna’s heart just wasn’t in it any more. For a while they carried on in a perfunctory way, but then one day the district manager came in the store and saw Fairly giving a customer some nasty treatment. The district manager confronted him then and smelled liquor on Fairly’s breath, so he got canned.
That did it, as far as Donna was concerned. As soon as she could, Donna quit her job and took the kids, moving away into a small apartment in another state, near her parents’ home.
Fairly missed Donna, the only woman he’d ever loved. He schemed up ways to try to win her back, but she didn’t seem interested. In that couple of years, he’d almost gotten used to being by himself, as miserable as that was. They had little contact now, except to make arrangements about the kids, and he didn’t even know if she was seeing anyone. Donna was still an attractive woman so he knew that men would take an interest in her. The thought gave him a pang of jealousy.
After a while he went to the kitchen and nuked a TV dinner. Then he returned to his chair and continued ruminating. He looked forward to seeing his kids and his ex tomorrow as he leaned back and went to sleep while the television droned on.



Chapter 2


Far removed from the daily squabbles in the world, out in dark cold space, there were some huge ships making their way toward the little blue dot of Earth.
The Lumans came from their planet, Lumaria, on a mission to offer Earth a solution to its turmoil. Their plan would be presented in the form of a vote, a fair and free referendum that would give Earthlings a choice of whether to accept the Lumans’ guidance, with some accompanying conditions.
Lumans are like Earth humans except they have a glow about them. That’s their aura. Earthlings also have auras but they’ve become so focused on the physical level that most Earth people don’t see the colors surrounding one another.
However, Lumans weren’t the only ones on their way here. The Ranks, from the planet Rankor, had their own plans for Earth.
Ranks and Lumans live on neighboring worlds way catty-corner across the galaxy from Earth. Both are members of the Galactic Government (G.G.). Since Earthlings were developing inter-planetary travel capability, the G.G. had sent the delegation from Lumaria to offer a different path the war-like Earthlings could take in their moral life upon entering the galactic realm.
But the Ranks had come for their own motives. Ranks didn’t have a glow about them. In fact, their odor was the thing you noticed in their presence. Unless they applied copious doses of fragrance to themselves, they stank real bad, like rotten eggs, even after bathing.
Earth, with its abundance of flowers, would be an attractive colony for the Ranks. Their own planet was deficient in flowers.
Some species had been imported to Rankor, but they had not flourished there. The Lumans said the flowers refused to live as slaves to the Ranks with their mean attitudes.
In many ways, life on Rankor was similar to Earth. There was war and mistreatment of the planet, which had once been a lovely world. The main difference was that the Ranks had more developed space technology and had joined the Galactic Government, which now regretted admitting the stinkers.
Wherever humans cropped up in the universe such as Rankor and Lumaria, they diversified into the five races: black, white, brown, red and yellow. And there were similar variations of ethnic groups. What varied over time and from planet to planet was the power that any one race exerted over others.
On Lumaria, social conditions had advanced much better.
The Lumans sustained themselves on the land by a friendly kinship with their world and all its plants and creatures. It was not always so. A couple generations ago their world, then known as Extravaganza, had been in chaos. That was when they received a goodwill visit from some extra-extravaganzians and learned a peaceful spirituality thru guidance from the visitors.
One thing Lumans, Ranks and Earthlings all had in common as humans was a tendency to get fouled up unless taught like children to live a better way.
Lumans loved to put on huge social festivities, which is where the planet’s original name came from. They changed their name to denote the light and power they’d developed. The Lumans weren’t perfect but they’d achieved a healthy balance between their bodies and spirits.
On the Lumans’ Leader Ship, President Raven Wandering sat at his desk and prepared the words he would say to the Earthlings. A lanky red man of stately demeanor and silver hair, it was his role to convey the message that would present Earthlings with the choice to determine their future.
President Wandering thought back to his boyhood when the mysterious space people arrived and changed the way of life on his planet. He knew that some had resisted the new arrangement, but eventually most people saw the guidance as improving their lives without inhibiting freedom.
Accompanying the folks from Lumaria on the mission were two jesters from pixilania, nicknack and eggnog. The pixies were so humble they didn’t even capitalize their names. Their function was to help maintain joy and humor in the project, but they also held intercessionary power from the Galactic Government if the jesters found any actions of the Earthlings, Ranks or Lumans to be anti-democratic. This was their job in the G.G. and their joyful humor was regarded as an indispensable component of sane government.

On the Rankor ship, Queen Severa Van Rankor, matronly plump with blonde hair pulled in a tight bun, called Baron Byron to her throne room, where she was taking a dump. The Baron, tall and pale with black hair and sharp angular features, entered the adjoining room, noseplugs in place, and called out, “At your service, Highness.”
There was really no need for such formality since the Queen and Baron were longtime lovers, but these were people used to putting it on for show. “Darling, would you be a prince and bring me some air freshener?” (Rankorpoop stunk even worse than Earthpoop and that of the ranking Ranks was the rankest.)
The Baron hoisted a barrel down off the stack and opened the bathroom door a crack, nozzle in hand. He wasn’t quick enough. A wave of fumes hit him and his eyes watered as he battled back by spraying inside the door. Gamely, he stepped inside and sprayed thru the fog as the Queen stood up and adjusted her dress.
“Really now, By! It’s not all that bad,” she said.
“I fear I’ve developed a sensitivity to odors, Sev. No offense intended.”
As they repaired to the stateroom the Baron gave the Queen a vapor goose with the nozzle. “Not now, you naughty boy!” she scolded.
General Kariva Fumagio, short and powerfully built, with a swarthy complexion, was waiting for a strategy session. “My Queen and Baron, we draw close to Earth, yet we have no plan for combatting the Lumans’ contemptible offer to the Earthlings.”
The general smelled like he hadn’t bathed for hours. Without a word, the Baron sent a powerful stream of vapor fragrance all over him. “Thanks, I needed that,” said the general. Even tho that was true, Fumagio despised and envied the Baron.
“Do we have plenty of lovedust?” asked the Queen.
“Yes, your Highness, over a million tons as you ordered. We also have video and audio tapes that show the Lumans’ offer for the foolish pipedream it is.
“We must get to the heads of media and the leaders of industry first,” said Byron. “Governments will follow their cues. Stress to them how alien the ideas of the Lumans are to the ways of Earth. Work on the Earthlings’ mistrust of each other by race, religion, class and gender.”
“Don’t forget the perfume,” said the Queen. “We should smell pleasant to these Earthlings when we’re near them.”
“Morning, Mummy.” It was the Queen’s grown-up daughter Salacia, looking slim, blonde and beautiful. The Queen looked at her girl and saw a trace of herself from years gone by. Any mother would be proud, she thought, tho she secretly despised and envied the precious pretty-pie.
“Sleep well, darling?” asked the Queen in a syrup tone.
“Like a dream, Mother.” Actually she hadn’t slept too much, as she’d been screwing with General Fumagio half the night.
Now the general averted his eyes and spoke “Princess,” obsequiously.
Salacia retained a musky sex scent, despite going thru the de-odorizing chamber this morning. The Queen noticed but said nothing. Instead she spoke of the impending mission.
“As my daughter and only heir to the Throne, I’m sending you among the Earthlings to carry our message and win their allegiance. Your great charm and beauty will attract them to our side over the phony do-gooder ways of the Lumans.”
“I’m honored to be chosen for this vital assignment, Queen Mother,” replied Salacia, giving her mother a curtsy while wondering if she’d get to land any studly Earth guys.
Secluded away in a far corner of the ship, the Queen’s brother, Prince Dankor Van Rankor, sat at his easel painting strange scenes of the chaotic world in his head. Dank Van Rank, as everyone called him, was an embarrassment to the royal family, and he felt the same about them. Tall and skinny, with wild black curls and a scraggly goatee, Dank was usually content to work on his art in solitude. But he had a curiosity about the universe that led him to tag along on this expedition to Earth even tho he had no interest in the Ranks’ goal of colonization.

On the Lumans’ leader ship, eggnog and nicknack were dancing to some Earth music – soul tunes they’d taped from Earth radio. eggnog, a shapely freckled young woman with thick blonde curls and pale translucent skin, was dancing to Bobby Freeman’s song, “The Swim,” with the short, skinny, tan-colored nicknack, who would probably drown if he swam like he danced. They were laughing and sliding in their socks when in walked Qal Batismo, the Lumans’ Director of Dance. The black, sculpted Ms. Batismo took one look and was appalled… that nicknack could dance so badly.
“Let me show you how it’s done,” she said kicking off her shoes and gliding ‘cross the floor in a swirling series of steps and shimmies incorporating a dozen dance styles at once. A part of her was moving in time to each of the different instruments. The pixies gleefully joined her and they all pranced merrily about till they were plum out of breath.
“Oh, I almost forgot,” said Qal, “The president would like to have you join him and the cabinet for his message to the Earth. It’s time to go.”



Chapter 3


Fred, LaVon and Shazelle were eating breakfast when the doorbell rang. LaVon, in her bathrobe, went and answered it.
A white man in a gray suit was there holding up his badge. “Ms. Parker? I’m Detective Williams from the 5th precinct. I need to ask you a few questions. May I come in?”
LaVon caught her breath and trembled. She opened the door and the detective stepped inside. Fred and Shazelle watched from the hall.
“Ms. Parker, you know that a man was killed last night down the street. Your daughter was seen running from the scene after the shots. I’d like your permission to ask her some questions.”
“NO!” said LaVon. “She don’t know nothin’ about it. Just leave us alone.”
“Ma’am, we need information about the killer in order to find and arrest him. You don’t want him to get away with it, do you?”
“I don’t want my daughter involved. You’ll just have to catch him on your own. I’m sorry but you’ll have to go now.”
Detective Williams took a deep breath and sighed. He knew the danger the little girl would be in for revealing what she had seen, but he also knew the police stood little chance of an arrest without her.
“I’m sorry, ma’am,” he said, “But it’s important. Your daughter is the only known witness so I’ll have to get a subpoena from the judge.”
“Wait,” said LaVon. “She can talk to you here but I don’t want her to testify in court.”
“Well, that’s not for me to say,” the detective answered. “We’ll just have to take this one step at a time.”
“Shazelle, come on in here, honey,” called LaVon.
The little girl walked in slowly. “Could we sit down, please?” asked the detective.
They sat in the living room. Detective Williams tried to look friendly. “Shazelle, I need to ask you some questions about what happened last night. Did you see two men having a fight?”
The girl nodded.
“The man who did the shooting, can you tell me what he looked like?”
She just shrugged her shoulder.
“Let’s start with the easy questions. Was he black or white?”
“Black,” she said.
“Okay, would you say he was tall or short or medium height?”
“Medium, and he was kinda skinny,” said Shazelle.
“Good. Now after he shot the man, the neighbors said a car drove off. Can you tell me about the car?”
“It was white and big, kinda fancy like,” she recalled.
“Alright, Shazelle, that’s very good. I’m going to need you and your mom to come with me to the police station and see if you can recognize the man you saw in some pictures we have. Would that be okay?”
Shazelle glanced toward her Mom and nodded. Then they got ready to go. Fred said he’d drive them. Down at the police station, Shazelle looked at a lot of pictures until she saw one of the men she had seen last night.
Detective Williams thanked them for coming down. He said to let him know if there was any trouble about what the little girl had seen.
On the way home they stopped for ice cream.
“I’m proud of you for helping the police,” Fred told Shazelle. LaVon was still skeptical but Shazelle smiled.
When they got home Shazelle bounced out of the car and ran up the front steps. There lay Jazzpurr in the warm sun. Shazelle crouched to pet him but as she touched the cat he stayed still. LaVon saw the worried look on Shazelle’s face and came over. She saw that Jazzpurr’s head was at an odd angle.
His neck had been broken.

Camilla Piquanto woke up early Saturday morning, dry-mouthed and hungover. Her back ached from sleeping on the floor. She got up and drank some orange juice and took a couple aspirin. After a while she started to feel a little better.
There was a knock on the door, the familiar tap of her little sister. She opened up to see Rosalita. The younger girl was taller and slimmer with black hair tied in a braid behind. Her friendly open face with wide-set eyes and angular chin grew into a frown upon seeing her older sister.
“Como esta, hermana?” Camilla asked, giving her a hug.
“I’m fine, muchacha, but you look like caca.”
“Well, I feel like shit, too,” said Camilla. 
“Rough night?”
Camilla averted her eyes. Rosalita came over close and held her. “Que pasa, girlfriend?” Camilla started to cry. She cried for several minutes until the pain in her heart started to fade. Then she kissed Rosalita on the cheek and told her about being raped last night.
“You ought to go to a doctor,” said Rosalita.
“I don’t know, maybe. What could they do now?” asked Camilla.
“Maybe they could give you something to stop you from having a baby.”
“I guess I could go to the free clinic. Will you go with me?”
“Si, seester,” Rosalita smiled.
Camilla got dressed and they left the apartment and entered the dark stairway. About halfway down they had to step over a couple of smelly junkies who were passed out on a landing.
Once outside, the warm morning sun washed over them and their mood improved as they walked the few blocks to the clinic.
At the free clinic Camilla filled out some forms and then they waited. “How’s Eduardo doing?” she asked her little sister.
Rosalita shook her head. “I’m worried about him. He’s started hangin’ with a gang.”
“Already? He’s only 13!”
“Yeah, they’re doing it younger all the time.”
“How’s Mama takin’ it?” Camilla asked.
“It’s freakin’ her out. She yells at him but he just takes off down the street. Would you talk to him? He might listen to you.”
“Oh yeah, like that’s gonna make a difference. And how are you doin’, Rosa?”
“Pretty good. At least nobody’s raped me. One more year of high school left. I got my report card the other day. Straight A’s again!” she smiled.
“Oh, baby, I’m so proud of you. You’re going to get a scholarship to college, you’ll see.”
“I don’t know, hermana. I never learned to shoot a jump shot.”
“Some scholarships are for good students too,” said Camilla.
“Oh really, Miss College Expert!” laughed Rosalita. “You barely got thru 10th grade.”
“How much algebra I need to wash windows, girl? But you, you could go places.”
“Miss Piquanto?” The nurse came over and took her into an office and asked her some questions. Camilla described what had happened. The nurse did a quick examination, then gave her a couple shots that might prevent sexually transmitted diseases. As for pregnancy, the nurse said they didn’t have anything to prevent it.
“I thought there was some kind of morning-after pill,” said Camilla.
“Yes, there is but we can’t afford it,” said the nurse. “Have you reported this to the police?”
“What good would that do?” said Camilla. “They’ll probly just say I was asking for it.”
“If the rapist doesn’t get put in jail, he’ll keep on doing it.”
“Yeah, well, I’ll think about it. Thanks for seeing me.”
Camilla and Rosalita left the clinic and walked to the bus stop. Camilla decided to go home with Rosalita and visit the family.

As Fairly Middlin slept that morning, sunk deep into the recliner while the television blared Saturday cartoons, he dreamed of his kids running around the house in their bunny-suit pajamas. In his dream, he was outside the house washing a window as his kids played inside. He called and waved to them but they didn’t see him. Then it was a jet plane that he was washing the windows of. The plane took off as Fairly was standing on the wing, holding on for dear life. Higher and higher the plane went, faster and faster. Finally, Fairly lost his grip and started falling. He fell rapidly toward the ground, sure that he’d be killed.
That’s when the phone rang. He woke up and quickly sat up straight. The TV had cartoon rocket ships zooming around as he rubbed his eyes and adjusted to the light. The phone was still ringing.
“Hello.”
“Fairly? It’s Donna. We’re about to leave. Should make it there around 11 or noon at the latest.”
“Okay, great,” said Fairly. “How are the kids?”
“They’re fine. They’re anxious to see you.”
“Well, me too. I can’t wait to see all you guys.”
“Alright, well, see you soon then.”
“Okay, drive carefully.”
Fairly hung up the phone and clicked off the TV. Had she sounded friendlier than usual, he wondered. He almost didn’t dare to think so but it put him in a pretty good mood anyway. He put on one of his Dad’s old swing jazz albums by Benny Goodman and busied himself cleaning the house.

Detective Williams drove back out to Shazelle’s house after LaVon called him about their cat, Jazzpurr, being killed. He knew there was a danger of losing his star witness in the case. When he came to the door, LaVon was waiting for him.
“That’s it!” LaVon shouted. “She’s not testifyin’.”
“Ms. Parker, I know you’re upset and you’ve got a right to be. I want you to know the police are out looking for the suspect right now. I’m going to step up the patrols in this block. Is there someplace else your daughter could stay for a while?”
LaVon turned away from him. This was tearing her up inside. But if they arrested the killer, maybe Shazelle would be safe.
“I guess she could stay at my mother’s,” LaVon said softly. “Okay, give me the address and I’ll see that police make more patrols on that block. It would be best to keep her inside for a while. Ms. Parker, I know this is difficult but you’re doing the right thing.”
After the detective left, LaVon went over to Fred and held him close. “He said I’m doing the right thing but I’m so scared. I couldn’t stand to lose my baby girl.”
“It’ll be alright,” said Fred. “Maybe we should all stay at your Mom’s house for a while.”
She looked up into his face for reassurance, for some hope that this nightmare would end and their lives would be all right.
Fred looked down at his woman, this sweet woman who loved him and he loved too, he realized. He wanted to protect her and her daughter. As LaVon gazed at him, a funny look came over his face, kinda sweet and a little boyish and goofy. Then he said something that surprised them both. “LaVon, I want us to get married.”
She stared at him wide-eyed. “You’re crazy, you know that!”
His expression got a little goofier. She didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. “And you got great timing, too. Oh Lord, Lord.”
“LaVon, I’m serious,” his smile faded. “I’ve been thinking about it and I’m ready. I love you. I love Shazelle. I want us to be a family.”
A tear escaped her eye. “I love you, too, Fred. Yes. Yes, honey, let’s get married.”
She broke away and went to Shazelle’s room. “Baby, what would you think about me and Fred getting married?”
The little girl gave her Mom a big grin and nodded. Fred appeared at her door. They all had a family hug.
“Okay, honey, we’re going to stay at Grandma’s house for a while,” said LaVon. “Let’s pack up some of your clothes and things.”
“I think I’ll skip basketball today,” said Fred.
LaVon looked at him. “Honey, there’s no need for that. We’ll be fine at Mom’s. I don’t want to let this awful thing disrupt our lives any more than it has to. Besides, I don’t want my HUSBAND getting fat and out of shape,” she smiled.
“Okay, babe,” said Fred. “I’ll take you and Shazelle over to your Mom’s and go from there.”
They quickly packed up some clothes and necessities, then drove over to LaVon’s Mom’s house.
Carolina Parker was bent over her roses by the porch when her daughter pulled up in front. Carolina’s skin was the color and texture of old soft brown leather. She slowly straightened herself up when she heard the car.
“Welcome, welcome!” said Carolina. She got along famously with her daughter and grandchild and she’d even started to like Fred, altho she’d been cool to him at first.
“We’re going to have such a good time together, you’ll see.” said Grandma.
LaVon felt relieved to be at her mother’s. They carried their stuff inside, then Fred left for his regular Saturday basketball game.
As he drove to the gym, his mind lingered on proposing to LaVon. It made him feel good, better than anything had made him feel for a long time.
Entering the junior high he’d attended made him feel old now that he was pushing 40. But he could still sink the jumper, even if he was a couple steps slower on the fast break than when he’d played college ball. Every time he thought about college, he regretted not keeping his grades up and losing his athletic scholarship during his second year. It was a small private college and their requirements were a little stricter than the big state university that had only half-heartedly recruited him. 
“Hey, String, ‘s’happenin?”
It was Jet, Fred’s old friend and hoop rival who still called him by his childhood nickname, from back when Fred was thin as a string. Howard “Jet” Carruthers wasn’t quite as tall as Fred but he was muscular and had dazzling speed and moves. Well, they weren’t quite as dazzling as they’d been 20 years ago, but they were still plenty good to beat the neighborhood guys even tho they’d seen those moves a thousand times.
Jet and String had played at rival high schools and Jet’s team had beaten Fred’s for the city championship. Then Jet went on to the state university where he made all-conference. But Jet had some friction with the straight-laced coach, especially his last couple years when he’d done more partying than practicing.
Picked in the third round of the NBA draft, Jet had tried out and been cut. He was good but the team already had a couple of experienced point guards. After that, he’d bounced around on some development and exhibition teams until he finally gave up his dream of making the pros.
The neighborhood was full of dudes who claimed they could have played in the NBA, but Jet was the real thing and he didn’t brag. But he did run his mouth on the court, joking and needling the guys as he swooped around them to jam.
Fred and Jet started warming up, taking some shots. There were a couple of white guys there that played with them sometimes. Todd Mathews was one they liked okay. He was a lawyer but not a high-priced one, a public defender. Todd had been a decent player when they’d all competed in high school, but now his white-man’s-disease had worsened so that he could barely get off the ground. Todd had come in one day to the post office where Jet worked, and they’d got to talkin’ so Jet had invited Todd to play with the group because sometimes they were a player or two short.
But not everybody liked Todd. A couple of the guys just flat didn’t like white guys, especially Mo. Maurice Deeds, known as Big Mo, was strong and hulky even if he did have a beer gut. He was the school janitor so he had a key to get them in. Mo tended to hack hard on anybody who drove the lane, and more so on honkies. So Todd was intimidated enough to keep his little white ass out of the middle.
Fred and Jet were leisurely bombing in some three-pointers from the corner as the rest of the guys arrived. “Know what, Jet? Me and LaVon are gettin’ married,” Fred smiled.
Jet’s eyes widened. “Whoa, whoa, man you crazy! Hey you guys! Get a leash for this dude, man. He’s gettin’ hitched.”
The guys came over and slapped fives with Fred, warning and congratulating him. Then everybody shot free throws for teams and started a game.

Camilla and Rosalita got off the bus and walked the few blocks home. The neighborhood bustled with Saturday morning business. It felt friendly and homelike to Camilla, even tho it wasn’t much better off than the section where she lived now. There were more families here, at least, and fewer junkies and hookers.
They came across their brother Eduardo sitting on a stoop, smoking a cigarette with a couple of his friends. He tried to look tough but Eduardo still had the round baby face of a kid. He’d grown thick eyebrows and sprouts of facial hair, showing his progress toward manhood. Eduardo quickly threw the butt aside as he saw his big sisters, but they’d seen it. He stood and gave Camilla a kiss and hug.
“'Sup, big Sis?” he said, altho he was now taller than her. 
“Hi, hermano. I see you’re hooked on smokes already.”
“Nah, I can quit any time I want. Come for a visit?”
“Si, wanna come along?”
“Uh, not right now. I’ll come up in a while.”
“Okay, be good, por favor,” Camilla smiled. But Rosalita gave him a scolding look.
The young women walked on till they came to their apartment house and up to see their mama, Juanita Piquanto. The short, heavy woman in her mid 40’s with a shock of curly dark hair pinned back by a barrette, smiled warmly at the sight of her oldest child.
“Hola, Camilla!” She rushed to embrace her girl. 
“Hi, Mama. Que pasa?”
“Oh, nada, nada. Just let me look at you.” She held Camilla and looked into her face, seeing first Camilla’s cut lip, then her shame.
“Baby, what’s wrong?” Mama asked.
Camilla turned away and covered her face with her hands, crying. Rosalita told Mama about Camilla being raped last night.
Mama hugged Camilla and stroked her head, both of them crying.
After a few minutes they started to compose themselves. “Baby, how ‘bout helping me make some lunch, okay?”
Camilla nodded and all three of them crowded into the small kitchen.
“How’s your job goin’, Mama?” asked Camilla.
“Bueno. I like workin’ with the children, but the money’s not too good. I’m worried the day care center might lose our funding. The parents can’t afford to pay any more, so I don’t know what we’d do.”
“How much are you makin’ now?”
“I got a little raise last month after my first year, 5O cents over minimum wage. It’s hard to get by on it compared to what we used to have on Papa’s salary.”
“I miss Papa so much,” said Camilla.
“Si, I miss him, too. He was a good husband and father. I don’t know what’s gonna happen to Eduardo now. Rosa’s doin’ fine but Eddie’s runnin’ with some bad boys.”
Rosalita said, “Since Papa got killed, the other cab drivers won’t come in this neighborhood at night.”
“I don’t blame them,” said Mama. “To get shot in your cab like Papa for a few dollars – it’s not worth it.”
“You gotta shoot them first, man.” It was Eduardo. He’d quietly come in while the women were talking.
“That way everybody’s gonna be shooting at each other, Eddie,” said Mama. “It’ll keep gettin’ worse and worse.”
“Better than gettin’ shot yourself. If people know you’re bad, they won’t mess with you,” said Eddie.
“What about somebody who thinks they’re badder than you?” Camilla asked.
“That’s when you gotta be smarter and quicker than him,” Eddie answered confidently.
“Eduardo,” said Mama, “You’re hanging out with the wrong kind of boys and you’re getting the wrong ideas about things. Their way will get you in trouble or get you killed.”
“They’re my homeboys, Mama. We take care of each other. Anyway I’m not a kid any more. You can’t tell me who to hang with.”
“I’m still your mother and you’ll do what I say!” she shouted.
“You can’t make me!” he shouted back. “I’ll do what I want.”
Eduardo ran out and slammed the door.
Mama sat down wearily on the edge of Papa’s old stuffed chair. She held her hand to her mouth as if to stay the flood welling up inside her. Camilla came over to kneel down and hold Mama, who then released her tears.

At the same time that Saturday morning, Donna Midlin turned onto neat and tidy Sterile Circle, delivering the kids to her ex-husband for their 2-week summer stay.
The kids were excited to see their Daddy, and Donna herself felt a bit of longing for the early days of her marriage to Fairly. But she told herself that it was over and she shouldn’t show her mixed feelings or he’d start pursuing her again.
That was hard to do, tho, because she’d been kind of lonely since the divorce. The men who had shown interest in her had either not been her type or had backed off when they found out she had children. Donna knew Fairly still loved her but she wasn’t sure it could work out between them.
As they rounded the curve, the house came into view and Kristy said, “There’s Daddy!” Hairly craned his neck to see from his carseat in back and yelled “Daddy, Daddy!”
Fairly was out front watering the lawn as an excuse to watch for their arrival. He saw the car approaching and waved with a big smile on his face.
It was at that moment a glow of light appeared all around.
The car stopped as everything and everyone froze where they were and the light grew brighter like a honey glaze from the sky. It was already a clear sunny day but now the brightness was magnified many times over. Still, it wasn’t a glaring light but a soft rich glow that their eyes welcomed like a long-lost friend.
Fairly stood frozen in place smiling, with his arm raised in a wave. He was conscious of what was happening as he barely could see the faces of his family thru the car window a hundred feet away. Likewise they looked back at him, helpless to move in their stopped car, but enveloped in this strange, wonderful light.
It was happening all over the world. All movement of life and machines was held in suspended animation, immersed in the bright, beautiful glow. Everybody knew that something was occurring that they’d never known before and they were so thrilled by the sight and feeling of the light that they weren’t worried even tho their bodies couldn’t move.
Also, the humans could see each other’s auras now, the first time for most of them. The little field of colorful light surrounding their skin was revealed as if lifting a window shade to show the light of day.

At the basketball game, Fred had just passed to Todd in the corner. As Todd went into his jump shot, the light appeared and everyone stopped, like freeze-frame.

In Carolina Parker’s kitchen, LaVon and Shazelle were just getting their gingerbread cookies out of the oven while Grandma sat at the table telling a story. LaVon had grabbed a thin dishtowel to pull the cookie sheet out and was placing it on the stove when the light came and held them still. Three generations of Parker females basked in the radiance, not knowing what was happening to them. Altho LaVon was unable to let go of the hot pan, it didn’t burn her hand.

At the Piquantos’, Camilla still had her arm around Mama as she knelt beside the chair. Rosalita stood behind them at the kitchen door. Camilla was leaning over to kiss Mama on the cheek, stopped in mid-pucker as the light materialized around them. It was a much longer kiss than Camilla intended.
Down on the street below their apartment, Eduardo had met up with Pedro, one of his homeys. As they strutted down the sidewalk, they stopped to light up cigarettes. Pedro, taller and thinner than Eddie, held the lighter to his bud’s smoke as Eddie inhaled. The light manifested right then. The lighter’s small flame froze in place in front of Eddie’s face. Up and down the street, cars and people were stopped in their tracks, with everyone confused but delighted in the splendid glow around them.


























Chapter 4


The Lumans’ Leader Ship now hovered above the Capitol building in Washington, D.C. The Lumans all sat concentrated in meditation as they sent the power of their spirits to enrapture the Earthlings. Other Luman ships had fanned out around the world and synchronized themselves to send the light everywhere at once.
All people on Earth were consciously immobilized in heavenly luminescence. In some countries nearly everyone had been asleep, but now they lay wide awake. All over, people doing everything under the sun from sewing to swimming to surgery. Some were dying and some giving birth, all suspended in place with the golden glow.
Perhaps the most startled humans were those engaged in killing another. There were people shooting someone, with the bullet stopped in mid-air. There were those who had just thrust a knife into someone, still holding the blade in a person’s chest. They now stood frozen face-to-face, but able to think of what they were doing as the light enveloped them.
Whatever they were doing, everyone in the world basked contentedly and waited, for they could do nothing else under the peaceful power of the light.
After what was only a minute but seemed much longer, a voice was heard in the minds of every person on the planet.
“People of Earth, we come in peace from another world. I am President Raven Wandering of the planet Lumaria speaking to you telepathically.
“The light surrounding you may seem strange but it is available to you always from within your own spirits. We show it to you now to enlighten you to the realm beyond the physical that most of you have lost sight of. It was also necessary to briefly hold you still so that everyone could hear our message.
“Our communication to you is occurring on the human wavelength which is similar to a radio or television channel. I speak in Humanish, the universal language of humans from which came all our languages. Even babies and the retarded understand it perfectly. Every person in the world is now hearing me at once.
“The Galactic Government has authorized us to conduct a vote of the Earth’s people. We offer to guide you to a peaceful life amongst yourselves and with nature. We can teach you peaceful ways if you will allow us.
“However, you must agree to changes for us to be involved. All guns and bombs on Earth would be prohibited. You must leave behind your violent, destructive ways. Your huge cities would be greatly reduced as families move to smaller land-based communities. As a result, your lives will become happier as you grow toward living in the light that at this moment surrounds you all.
“In exactly one week’s time, this channel will open up again and every person on Earth will get to vote. Saying “yes” will mean that you accept our guidance and our conditions for changing your way of life. Saying “no” means you reject our guidance and so circumstances will continue as they are. We feel there must be a two-thirds majority approving the vote to have the support necessary for installing such huge changes in Earth life.
“During this week, thousands of our people, known as Lumans, will circulate around the world to explain details and answer questions about our proposal to you. Be sure to understand this: Each person will get one vote, which will be made silently in your mind by everyone at the same time. No one can control the vote of anyone else. No one will be required to vote. We Lumans will tabulate the totals and reveal the results immediately.
“You have one week to contemplate your decision. Before releasing our hold on you now, we will project a series of images onto the screens of your minds. These are looks at the state of humanity from the richest to the poorest and some looks at the state of Earth’s nature, too. Then we’ll remove our hold so you may resume your activities. Until next week, good-bye.” 
President Raven Wandering leaned back in his chair and sighed deeply. Images flashed one-by-one across his video monitor and then appeared in the minds of every person on Earth. They were pictures of children who were starving, pictures of men playing on a beautiful golf course, pictures of a deep green forest and of the stumps left when all the trees had been cut. There were scenes of war with dead men’s eyes staring blankly and bombed-out buildings in a pile of rubble. There were skyscrapers gleaming in the sun and tar-paper shacks sheltering a whole family.
There was a photo of a man sticking a needle in the vein of his arm covered with red sores. Another picture showed a man hitting a woman in the face as children watched. Then there was a Christmas tree with a lot of presents underneath.
The scenes, ranging from horrific to luxurious, continued for a few more moments. Finally the last image was of the whole blue Earth from out in space. As that picture slowly faded, so did the illuminated spell the Earthlings had been under.
Chapter 5


For every person in the world it was like coming out of a dream now as the light slowly faded and they re-gained motion of their bodies. There were mixed feelings of shock and ecstasy, disbelief and wonder, fear and hope.
Some lingered in the afterglow of the experience, eager to learn more of what the alien voice had told them about. Others quickly went back to what they were doing, tucking it away until they might have time to reflect on it.
“Man, that’s the most hangtime you ever gonna have,” said Jet to Todd at the basketball game. “And you didn’t shoot so it’s up-and-down. Our ball.”
But the guys were standing around in a daze, not much in a mood to play. “Man, did you hear what just happened?” asked Fred to no one in particular. “Did you SEE what just happened?”
“Yeah, I admit that was amazing,” said Jet. “I NEVER seen a white guy stay in the air that long.”
“You know, I ain’t never voted before,” said Big Mo softly. “Believe I will this time.”
“Me, too,” said Fred. “I seen the light. I have seen the light.”

“Ouch,” yelled LaVon. She finally set down the hot cookie sheet she’d held onto even after getting her movement back. She’d just been dumbstruck by the whole thing. Or maybe smartstruck! She felt like she’d learned more in the last few minutes than in her whole life. And now maybe there was a way – maybe this was the way they could stop all the killing in the world.
“Mom, I’m gonna get to vote,” said Shazelle. “I liked that light, did you see it, too?”
“We all did, honey,” said Grandma. “It’s the Lord’s way of helping us. He’s showing us the light, He is.”
The three of them sat around the kitchen table talking excitedly and eating fresh, warm gingerbread cookies.

Eduardo’s nose got burned slightly by Pedro’s lighter, snapping him out of the good feeling left by the light. Then he started coughing from holding the smoke in his lungs.
Pedro couldn’t help himself, laughing as his friend was hacking. Eddie swung at him, croaking “Asshole!” until he started laughing too, and coughing at the same time. Soon he recovered.
“Dude, that was heavy, wasn’t it?” said Pedro. 
“Maybe it was all a trick,” said Eddie.
“No way, man. It’s the aliens, man. I wanna go in their ships, dude.”
“Oh, like they’d really say ‘Hey Pedro, step into our spaceship and go for a trip to Mars, man.’”
Then the boys started laughing. They laughed so hard they had to sit down on a bench and rest.

“Thank you for that long lovely kiss, Camilla,” said Mama, “But it didn’t need to be quite that long, baby!”
They both giggled. Rosalita came over and giggled along. It was like they were children again.
Then Mama started to cry. She cried long and deeply, for joy and for sorrow. Not knowing what else to do, Camilla and Rosalita too, burst into tears.
Finally, Mama whispered, “Do you think it’s real? Could it really be real?” Her daughters just shrugged and Camilla said, “I hope so. Oh God, I hope so.”

When Fairly could release his arm from its waving position, he didn’t. He waved more as the car with his wife and kids resumed motion.
His ex-wife, that is. He had trouble with that term. But now here they were, turning in the driveway. Kristy jumped out with her ponytail bouncing and ran over to leap in her Dad’s arms. Donna, her pretty face framed by ash-blonde hair, smiled shyly at Fairly, then went around to get Hairly out of his car seat.
The little boy then raced over to where his Dad held Kristy, and Fairly hugged them both. Donna waited by the car.
“Daddy! Daddy! It was like TV but there wasn’t a TV,” said Hairly, raising his hands palms up.
Fairly laughed. “Yes, son, it was. It was just like TV.”
“Did you see the light, Daddy?” asked Kristy. “It was so beautiful.”
“Yes, honey,” said Fairly, looking over Kristy’s shoulder at Donna standing there, “I saw the light.”
Fairly stood up then and walked over toward Donna with his arms open wide. She hesitated a moment, then gave in and hugged her ex-husband.
“That was quite an experience with the light and the man talking about the vote,” said Donna. “You heard it, didn’t you?”
Fairly nodded. He didn’t know what to make of it right then but he wanted to be sure not to say or do anything that would alienate Donna from him. So he just said, “It was incredible.”
Then they all went inside to the cool of the air-conditioned house.
Chapter 6


General Fumagio burrowed his bushy mustache in the nape of Salacia’s sleek neck. He stood behind the princess, molding himself to her shapely form as they watched the Lumans’ telepathic message to Earth from their command room.
Up in their ship hundreds of miles in space, the Ranks were able to receive the transmission thru their operatives’ mind-reading machines on Earth. As the message ended, the General nestled the young princess, pressing his advance.
“Not now, Kariva,” said Salacia, breaking away. “We’ve got to work on defeating the Lumans’ vote.”
“Ah, my flower, surely the Earthlings won’t fall for that goody-good baloney,” replied Fumagio, clawing at her contoured cleavage.
The princess grabbed his wrists, spun around and flipped him on his back with a crash. Standing over the prone general, she told him, “You told the Queen how we needed to prepare our plan. When you’re ready to get serious, I’ll be in my quarters.” She left him moaning on the floor.
Queen Severa and Baron Byron had also observed the Lumans’ offer to Earth. The power of the message worried them. It was time to mobilize forces. They called a meeting of Rank leaders in the War Room.
When members of the military, the royalty and Rankstank Representatives filed in, the stink spread insufferably. Baron Byron picked up a large spray can of anti-fumigary and blasted everybody head-to-toe as they prepared to take their places. Cloudy fumes filled the room and the stench soon subsided.
The Queen began, using the formal term for her planet’s people. “My fellow Rankorians, We gather here today for an important mission. We face a formidable struggle to assist the Earth against the Lumans’ pretentious promise of paradise. Altho many Earth leaders will lean toward our side, we must win the hearts and minds of commoners because they will have the ultimate say for Earth’s fate, and in only one week! Our supply of perfume depends on colonizing this world. Without it we are doomed to endure the odors that have driven us to the very brink of madness. We can – and must – prevail.”
Baron Byron stood and walked over to a podium in front of a large map of Earth. “Each of you will have designated countries to convert to our side,” he said. “You should realize that our use of force, which has worked so well in the past, would only aid the Lumans’ cause in this quest for control. This time we must use persuasion and seduction to lure the Earthlings to our side. On the persuading front, we will be led by Duke Vomitos Pukarious. Duke?”
The Duke was slumped over face down on the table in a semi-coherent state from a severe hangover. General Fumagio, sitting beside him, gave him a hard whack on the back. The Duke sat up and squinted at the proceedings around him, trying to orient himself. His drinking bouts had frequently left him bowing more to the porcelain throne than to his Queen. That’s why the lesser Ranks called him the Duke of Puke, tho not to his face for he was one of the Ranks’ richest ruthless rulers.
The Duke pushed back from the table and signaled to his attendant behind him, who threw a bucket of icewater in his face. “Thank you,” he said, as he came to some kind of consciousness and wobbled over to the podium. A pale, slim and elegant man despite a lifetime of drinking, the Duke swept a sopping shock of silver hair back from his bloodshot blue eyes, then spoke.
“The humans on Earth are very much like our own subjects on Rankor. They are children who are not capable of governing themselves. That is the purpose for royalty such as our own ruling families. Without us, both on Earth and Rankor, the masses would soon be reduced to a savage anarchy. To maintain order among people, there must be strong and rightful rule from those with the tradition and experience to lead them.
“However, ignorant ingrates that they are, the horrid hordes must be educated to the value of our ascendency. There must also be ways for them to forget their troubles. Naturally, to do this we need tools, such as lovedust for providing pleasure to the people. We’ll also dispense copious quantities of Earth’s own liquors. Just as nothing foments insurrection faster than denying your subjects their revelry, nothing numbs the masses to the message of the revolting do-gooders better than dousing them with good cheer.
“So our mission on Earth this week is to make the peasants feel good about themselves and their world. We must stress the unreliability of the Lumans. Who are these aliens that they don’t even know, making strange utopian promises? Since many people are conservative by nature, they will be suspicious of the Lumans’ plan to change their way of life. Their wariness can work to our advantage. Then Earth can live out its destiny as a proud colony of the Rankor throne,” the Duke finished with a flourish, waving his arms.
All the Ranks around the table smiled and gave him a big round of applause, even tho they secretly despised and envied him. Baron Byron quieted them down and introduced the next speaker.
“Now for the one who will coordinate the seduction phase of the Ranks’ campaign. You all know Marquisa Musqueeza. Her musical comedies are the toast of Rankor and many other worlds. A noblewoman of class, she’s also the reigning sex symbol of our planet. As such, she’s the perfect one to win the Earthlings over. Marquisa?”
Musqueesa stood up on impossibly high heels and strutted to the podium. A jungle of fiery red hair billowed round her oval face and full crimson lips. A glittering gold halter top barely contained her bountiful bosom above a bare midriff and tight white leather miniskirt. Every man in the room wanted her, except for the Duke who rather fancied Baron Byron.
“HELLO BOYS AND GIRLS!” she shouted. “Glad to see you all, especially the boys! General Fumagio, you really must trim that moustache – the tickling is unbearable.” At that, Princess Salacia kicked the General under the table.
“I’m very touched to be chosen for this assignment,” said the Marquisa. “And I hope to get touched a lot more down on Earth,” she threw her hips side to side like to a drum’s sh-boom. “I’m sure you’ve all seen my last movie, “Whiff of a Woman,” presented in Aromarama. I came out smelling like a rose. Sure, it’s just a couple hours escape from the putrid stink around us but its popularity shows how we crave an oasis of sweet fragrance, even if it’s only movie magic.
“But if I could stay serious for a minute…then you’d know that I was very ill. Actually, some say I’m sick and they’re right – I’ve got the fever.” With that she started to croon, all sultry:
“You give me fever, Fever when you hold me tight. Fever in the mornin’, fever all thru the night.”
Musqueeza sashayed over to Baron Byron and sat in his lap, continuing her song, “Sun lights up the daytime, moon lights up the night, I light up when you call my name ‘cause I know you’ll treat Marquisa right.”
(Copyright John Davenport and Eddie Cooley, published by Fort Knox Music, BMI)
The Baron had a big smile plastered on his face as Musqueeza sang and squirmed in his lap. He was noticing that she didn’t smell bad like everyone else, as he glanced over to Queen Severa who fixed him with an icy stare. Quickly Byron whispered to Musqueeza that she better get back to the podium.
The applause died down and she resumed her speech.
“Thank you, my darlings! I love the music from Earth. Their songs and dances are considered classics all over the galaxy. That’s about the one thing the poor slobs haven’t screwed up. So it will be a pleasure to visit the birthplace of jazz, blues and rock ‘n’ roll.
“But I shouldn’t forget the purpose of our visit, should I? We must rescue the Earthlings from the clutches of those missionary Lumans. Oh Lord, what could be worse than to be smothered in all that righteous goodness! I say gimme some nice old- fashioned sin. How do you think I got this far, on virtue? Hah! I’ll take lust and avarice any ol’ time. Don’t you agree?”
The group yelled their agreement. Musqueeza looked them over and smiled slyly. “I see there’s a lot of lust here right now. Down, boys, down! The Marquisa’s only one little gal and it’ll take time to handle all you bad boys. Tell you what, when we get back from Earth we’ll party big time, okay?”
The Rank leaders stomped and clapped and cheered. Marquisa waved and blew them kisses.
The Queen, in a huff, moved to the podium. “On the more dignified side, our next negotiator is known for his cunning military maneuvers. Tho not yet in his forties, he commands our fleet on their galactic tours. Admiral Cornell Aufello!”
The tall light-skinned black man strode briskly front and center. His broad shoulders were held high and straight. He surveyed the room with the demeanor of calm intense authority.
“Our strategic imperative is clear. We must protect access to the Earth’s flower supply for the sake of our vital planetary interests. A key intelligence initiative will be the recruitment of Earth’s commanding military personnel to our side. Their support will aid in maintaining loyalty among the vast armies on Earth. The armies, in turn, will provide an example to the general population who look to the military for guidance and stability. As always, I’m proud to serve my Queen and Planet.” He returned to his seat.
Baron Byron moved to the podium. “Finally, I present our Supreme Rank Commander, General Kariva Fumagio.”
The general stomped around to the podium. His dark close-set eyes glared at the other leaders for a moment, then he spoke.
“Warriors and warriettes, don’t forget the value of fear. It’s long been our most effective weapon in dominating Rankor and it’s still reliable for our mission to Earth. A fearful population is an obedient population. We must show the Earthlings our fearsome might with lazer blazers and all the weapons in our arsenal. Let them be very sure that they’ll pay a terrible price for resisting Rankor rule.”
He turned and bowed to the Queen. “Highness, I remain your humble servant to enforce your Majesty’s will. Victory to Rankor!” he shouted, raising his fist in the air.
Baron Byron returned to the podium. “You all know your assignments. Her Majesty expects daily reports on your progress. Go now and win the Earth for Queen and Planet.”
The Ranks’ ship was now near to Earth. Out of its belly dropped a swarm of buzzbugs, small spaceships to carry the Ranks to their operations around the world.
The Queen and the Baron retired to her private chamber. They would oversee the operation from the mother ship. But the Queen was still in a snit.
“I hope you enjoyed that cheap slut falling all over you,” snipped Severa.
“Your Highness, the Marquisa was just providing a little harmless fun before the arduous task ahead,” said Byron.
“Oh, stuff it, By! That common tart is only a Marquisa because she married old Marquis De Snod on his deathbed. I’ve seen alleycats with more class.”
“Yes, but she may be our most effective weapon in the battle to control Earth,” said the Baron.
Then they turned to watch their monitors as Princess Salacia sailed off to Beijing, China; Duke Pukarious to Berlin, Germany; Admiral Aufello to Tehran, Iran; General Fumagio to Rio De Janeiro, Brazil; and Marquisa Musqueeza to Los Angeles, U.S.A.

Onboard the Lumans’ leader ship, President Raven Wandering called a meeting of his cabinet members. As he rose to speak, his aura around him glowed blue and white.
“Ladies and gentlemen, as you know, we have a challenging week ahead of us to persuade Earthlings to accept our help. We face not only the established governments and corporations that dominate this world, but also the diabolical threat of the Ranks in their plot to rule the Earth.
“Our effort to play Galactic policeman comes with a high price. The mission is dangerous, and it takes us far from our homes and loved ones where we’d all rather be. But the task we undertake is a worthy one in which we have an enlightened self-interest. For altho we Lumans have advanced toward the light in our own world, as long as there is tyranny in the galaxy, we stand in the shadows of dark despotism, knowing that its cancerous spread could attack us, too.
“There is another reason for our attempt to help the Earthlings. Like us, they are humans who share immortal souls. In fact, our spirits are connected with theirs by the human channel that flows thru-out the universe. If there is violence or hatred by humans anywhere, it chokes our channel and prevents ascendance to the light by the human race as a whole, including we Lumans.
“So we’re all in this together. Even the Ranks are our brothers and sisters who we need to love and honor, no matter how hateful their behavior. To do otherwise would defeat our own goal of bringing peace to the universal human spirit.
“Now let’s review our strategies for converting the Earthlings. First, we’ll hear from Vice President Bela Satva.” Madame Satva, a short, brown older woman, stood to address the gathering. A violet aura shone around her, matching her elegant sari, and she wore a gleaming ruby centered just above her eyebrows.
“We must get Earthpeople to use their minds,” she said. “Their own scientists have found they only use 10 to 15 percent of their brains.
“They don’t know what they’re missing. They’ve lived in the dark for so long that it seems natural to them. We can only hope that if they become acquainted with the wonders of the higher mind that they’ll aspire to live in the light they discovered today. 
“Many Earthlings labor under the misconception that development of the mind is for eggheads, just those with a taste for intellectual pursuits. Let’s show them the thrilling joy and peace that come from illuminating their minds. Without such incentives, they will stay stuck in the muck.” She sat down.
“Thank you, Bela,” said President Wandering. “Now, Bishop Cypher, could we hear from you?”
Bishop Louis Cypher, handsome, tan and middle-aged with twinkly brown eyes and sandy hair going a bit gray, stood to speak. He was of average height but his charismatic carriage made him seem larger. He wore the standard black outfit of clergy but with a collar of gold. His aura shone green and red.
“My fellow Lumans, there is a poverty of spirit among the Earthlings. They are poor indeed when it comes to sharing in the bounties of the light. And sadly, as Madame Satva noted, most of the Earthlings have come to accept this as their fate, much as they accept their monetary poverty while there is vast wealth in the hands of a few around them.
“Yet, once in a while the Earthlings have risen above oppressed circumstances and defied the dominant powers. I think of the American Revolution, where the seed of individual freedom blossomed. In less enlightened ways, I also think of the Russian Revolution and the Chinese Revolution, where huge countries threw off the yoke of imperial rule for an imagined ideal of equality and communal living. Unfortunately, those experiments instead resulted in a new type of tyranny. Still, it shows the willingness of the Earthlings to embrace a sea change when faced with intolerable conditions.
“Now the Earth is presented with a crisis of epic proportions. Nuclear weapons could escalate their age-old feuding to endanger the entire ecosystem. Even going about their daily life, they are rapidly fouling the water, land and air that sustains them.
“We’ve been entrusted to assist the Earth in this battle for its very survival. There are many religions here and I will implore their leaders to accept our help. If they do, then we can forge a united appeal to each religion’s followers for the common good of them all.
“On our own fair planet, the need for religious hierarchy has diminished with the spiritual advancement of the people. But on Earth the word of religious leaders carries stupendous weight in their flocks’ humble lives. We must show believers of many faiths that our way of living in harmony will fulfill their spiritual needs without conflict to their beliefs.”
“Thank you, Lou,” said the President. “Next please, Ms. Ki Woo Yu.”
A tiny, yellow woman with a wide flat face and black hair braided down to her waist stood to address the group. Framing her body was an almost pure white light with dazzling darts of color bursting about.
Ms. Yu was Lumaria’s martial arts champion, a discipline now used more as a moving meditation rather than for actual combat. Still, as light and feminine as she was, she’d shown in competition that she could kick the butt of anybody on her world, including some massive muscular men.
“I’ve heard,” she began, “that at one time the most famous man on Earth was the late boxer Muhammad Ali. This tells us a lot about the mentality of Earthlings. They are fascinated by violence and macho behavior. They’re not so concerned with the consequences that come from these conflicts such as Ali’s brain damage and other fighters’ deaths.
“So this is the level I must appeal to Earth people on. Displays of my power will draw huge crowds, both in person and on television. From that stage, I will attempt to show and tell the true nature of my power, that of Ki, the cosmic force within all of us, which, when focused, can heal illnesses as in use of acupuncture, or break a stack of bricks with ease.
“The Ki can be used for evil but experience shows that those willing to devote themselves to its development are usually transformed by the overwhelming peace and vitality a strong Ki provides. Also the Ki can be a doorway to other dimensions that its masters can access – realms far greater than most Earthlings have ever imagined.
“My task is to convince people that peace and power can be their own – in their lives every day instead of a vicarious dream they see only in some movie hero. And if they come to believe in themselves, then surely they will trust us to help in their transformation.” Ms. Yu bowed and seated herself.
“Next,” said the President, “Let’s hear from our Minister of Music, Armando Guitarmo.”
A short, stocky man with light-brown skin, a beard and curly dark hair, stood and strummed a few chords on his guitar.
Instantly a chill ran down the spines of the Lumans sitting there.
As he played, a rainbow of color cascaded around him. Those listening were quickly entranced. But he stopped abruptly after just a few measures.
“Music is the universal language,” said Guitarmo. “Not just with humans but with all living things. And the message speaks directly to the soul. As you just experienced, a few simple chords can resonate deep within you when they are played from the heart.
“I am very fortunate to have this musical gift to share with others. From an early age, the music flowed out of me and found its way into the hearts of people all over Lumaria. Now I’ll give my music to Earthlings too, and try to win their affections. I have every confidence I can do this because for a lifetime I’ve felt the response music evokes in listeners. There is no finer or fuller communion between humankind.
“The sound of black folks has swept Earth in popularity, just as the latin sound has flourished on ours. No matter. The love in the music quickly overcomes any habits of taste. When I play, the channel will open for them to hear our plan of teaching them peace. My challenge is to get the cooperation of the radio stations and television networks. That’s where access to the people lies. Thank you. Peace.
The President rose. “Our next presenter is Lumaria’s Director of Dance, Qal Batismo.”
Ms. Batismo’s sleek black form seemed to lift effortlessly from her chair as she jumped on top of the table and spun into a slew of pirouettes and arabesques, precisely maneuvered within inches of those sitting there in surprise. Then she leaped off the table and landed on the floor in a full split. There was applause as she stood up and laughed.
“Thanks, that was fun,” she said, her dark eyes glowing while a blue and gold aura radiated like a fire from within her. “Dancing brings the body in touch with the spiritual. It expresses the spirit’s longing to fill physical space and incarnate sound. And it restores the balance our bodies need for health.
“The people of Earth love dance but many of them have forgotten how. They watch ballet or their cultures’ ceremonial dances but most people no longer participate. This passiveness partly accounts for many Earthlings’ state of mental depression. Billions of people here have replaced healthy movement like sports and dancing with self-destructive smoking and drinking in attempts to feel good again. Also, their minds get stupefied watching television. Too many have forgotten how to celebrate their bodies without harming themselves.
“The poorest person can still find joy in dance because all you need is yourself. Music’s helpful, of course, but we all have rhythm in our hearts that moves us, too. Like Armando with his music, I’ll try to re-invigorate Earth people with motion that will ease them out of their depression, so they can make their decision on the vote from a clear perspective. Let’s boogie!” She slid into her seat.
Just then a dove flew around the room in a circle over everyone. It hovered in mid-air rapidly flapping its wings, then with a bursting shower of light, the dove transformed into a human woman. Standing before them was Sandy Loam, Lumaria’s Nature Advocate. She was of mixed race with light brown skin, green eyes and auburn hair. Her full lips, strong chin and wide nose combined with her curvaceous figure to form a fierce and beautiful countenance, enveloped by her aura’s turquoise glow.
“Hello, my brothers and sisters. See how fast a woman can change her outfit? Like all of you, I'll be doing a lot more flying this week, and also hopping, swimming and slithering as I meet with the plants and animals of Earth. As you can imagine, the creatures of this world aren’t too thrilled with their so-called dominant species, the humans. I think we can count on them for support but the question is, will the humans listen and respect their wishes?
“My role will be to help coordinate communication between people and other species, which has largely been forgotten on Earth as people multiplied themselves so colossally and mowed down nature in their way. We hope to re-open that human-creature communication now as Earthlings face their vote, so they can realize the damage they’ve caused and how to repair it. Perhaps a massive effort to focus the plants’ and animals’ message will re-awaken Earth peoples’ intuitive inter-species dialogue. In any case, it will be a pleasure to experience the beauty and diversity that still remains of Earth’s nature.”
With that, she changed back to the dove and perched on the table.
President Wandering stood and spread his arms wide. “My friends, we know what we must do if we are to save the Earthlings from themselves. We have one week. Go now and may the force—”
“HEY! What about us?!” said nicknack, the pixie. “Don’t forget we have a job to do, too.”
“I’m sorry, nicknack and eggnog,” said the president. "I didn’t mean to leave you out. Please speak.”
“Okay, that’s better,” said eggnog, a pink halo framing her blonde curls. “We’ll be a safety valve on the Earth mission. There are some terrible conflicts awaiting as you threaten the Earthlings’ deeply entrenched rulers. You could easily sink to their level and violate the universal law of free will that the Earthlings must retain.”
“That’s where we come in,” said nicknack, a silver aura surrounding his short, thin frame as he stood beside eggnog. “We are charged by the Galactic Government to assure fairness in the debate’s persuasion methods, even tho we know the Rank and Earth leaders will try to violate the rules. It does no good if the cure’s as bad as the illness. And we do appreciate the gravity of the operation.”
“Yeah, it sucks” cracked eggnog.
“But we hope you increase the peace and the chance for justice to triumph. Good luck, Lumans,” concluded nicknack.
“Thank you, pixies, said the President. “We’ll try to respect the universal laws and we appreciate your consultations. Everyone, until next week then, good luck.”
The emissaries all went down in the lower hold of the mighty ship to embark in their buzzbugs. Vice President Bela Satva to Calcutta, India; Bishop Louis Cypher to the Vatican in Rome; Ki Woo Yu to Tokyo, Japan; Armando Guitarmo to Mexico City; Qal Batismo to Johannesburg, South Africa; and Sandy Loam to the Amazon Rainforest in South America.
Chapter 7


After the light had illuminated the world that Saturday with the strange offer by the alien voice, people all over the Earth started talking about it. Some were instant believers while others thought the whole thing was a hoax or a plot. Many were confused and sought the counsel of others, be they family, church or government.
In Fairly Middlin’s house, there was too much emotional confusion to casually discuss the day’s momentous event. But the kids quickly re-acclimated themselves to their old home, going thru every room and bringing out a few old toys they’d left behind.
As the kids played, Fairly and Donna sat in the living room, uncomfortably silent. Finally, Fairly blurted out, “Donna, I miss you.”
She raised her eyebrows and looked at him. “You do?”
“Yes. Yes. I think about you and the kids every day. I try to figure out how to get you back but I don’t know what I can do besides tell you I’m sorry and I love you.”
Donna looked away as Fairly gazed at her like she was a rare and splendid work of art. She didn’t know what to say. At times she missed Fairly, too. She wondered, tho, if her loneliness was dimming her memory of the miserable times they’d sometimes had. She felt a bit like she was standing on the beach in shallow water with the undertow tugging at her while she tried to resist being swept out to sea.
“Fairly, I don’t know what to say. We’re divorced now and we’ve both got new lives. Let’s try not to live in the past.”
Donna wanted to sound strong and determined because she didn’t trust herself to resist Fairly’s woo, and she needed to be sure before letting herself get carried away.
“How ‘bout some lunch, everybody?” said Fairly in a loud voice. “We’ve got hot dogs and hamburgers.”
“Hot dogs!” said Hairly
“Hamburgers!” said Kristy.
“Well, we can have both,” said Fairly.
“Can we help, Daddy?” asked Kristy.
“Sure you can.” With that, Fairly scooped up a kid under each arm and carried them into the kitchen.
Donna stayed in the living room reading magazines while they made the food. After a while Kristy brought a big plate of hot dogs and hamburgers out to the dining room saying “Look, Mom, we made lunch.”
Little Hairly came over and said, “Want a hot dog, Mommy?”
“Okay, honey, thank you.”
They all sat around the dining room table and had their lunch, and for a few minutes there it looked like they were a family again.
They finished eating and Kristy cleared the table. Fairly reached into his pocket and said, “Hey, look what I found – 4 tickets to Thrill-Land!”
“Yay!” yelled the kids. “Can we go?” they both asked. “Sure,” said Fairly. “That’s who they’re for. And Mom if she wants to go.”
“Wanna go, Mom?” asked Hairly. “Wanna go to Thrill-Land with us?”
Donna looked askance at Fairly to let him know she was on to his manipulation. “I don’t think so, honey,” she said to Hairly. “I’ve got a long drive ahead of me to get back home.”
“You could stay the night and drive back tomorrow, Donna,” said Fairly. “I’ll sleep on the couch and you can have the bedroom.”
“Please, Mommy, please!” begged the kids.
Donna was actually dreading the drive home, and worse – arriving alone. “I guess so,” she said softly.
Fairly and the kids all yelled, “Yay!” and hugged her.
They got ready and drove off in Donna’s car to the amusement park.

When Fred Brack returned to LaVon’s mother’s house from his basketball game, he went inside and wordlessly embraced LaVon. He held her very close and tight. After a minute, he asked “Did you see the light?” She nodded. “And you heard the man about the vote?” She smiled and nodded again. “I heard it, too,” said Shazelle.
“We all heard it,” said Carolina. “From the way my friends been callin’, seems like most everybody did.”
“Do you think it’s for real?” Fred asked.
“I believe it’s a sign from the Lord,” said Carolina.
“Could be,” said LaVon, “But whatever it is, I hope it’s true.”
The phone rang and LaVon answered. It was Detective Williams saying the police had a suspect in the murder Shazelle had witnessed last night. He wanted them to bring Shazelle to the station house to identify the guy in a line-up.
LaVon told the detective they’d be right down. Fred drove them to the police station. In the line-up, Shazelle pointed to the man she’d seen shoot the other man.
“Are you sure he’s the one you saw?” asked Detective Williams.
Shazelle nodded. “Yeah, I’m sure,” she said. “Okay, thank you, Shazelle.”
“So is he under arrest?” asked LaVon.
“He will be now.”
“Will Shazelle have to testify?” LaVon asked him.
“That depends. If we develop a strong case, we could get him to agree to a plea bargain. That’s what we’ll try to do because putting a child on the witness stand is always risky. We videotaped Shazelle identifying the suspect, plus we’d like to tape a short interview with her about what she saw last night. Given her young age, the judge might allow the tape as evidence instead of her having to testify at the trial.”
So Shazelle answered all the same questions again, but on camera this time. After the interview, they left the station and walked to their car. They didn’t notice a fancy white car parked across the street with two black men in it. But the men noticed them. One of them was Shazelle’s biological father, Radney Sweet.
As Fred, LaVon and Shazelle drove back to Grandma’s house, the fancy car followed about a block behind. The two guys saw the house where Shazelle’s family went, then they drove away.

Camilla, Rosalita and Mama spent the afternoon talking about the light and the message of the vote. Camilla accepted Mama’s invitation to spend the night. About suppertime Eduardo came in with his friend Pedro.
“Hey Mama, is it okay if Pedro stays for supper?”
“Sure, it’s okay,” said Mama. “You boys go wash up.”
Sitting around the table, Eduardo said, “Man, did you see the light today and hear that weird guy about some kinda vote?”
The women looked at each other. Camilla said, “What light? What in the world are you talkin’ about?”
“Oh, you shoulda seen it,” said Eddie. “It was this really bright light and then this old guy, he was talkin’ like inside my head or somethin’.”
“Eduardo, what have you been smokin’, boy?” said Camilla, as Mama and Rosalita stifled giggles, a hand over their mouths.
“No, it really happened,” said Pedro. “There was all this light and everything just stopped. It was awesome, man.”
Camilla smiled as Mama and Rosalita burst out laughing. “Yes, dear, we saw it and heard it, too,” said Mama.
“And it really was awesome,” said Rosalita.
Then they spent the rest of the evening talking about it.

Four hours of chasing the kids around Thrill-Land had worn out Fairly and Donna. They picked up some take-out food on the way back and then just relaxed at home. Even tho the kids were excited about being at their Dad’s, they fell asleep shortly after arriving.
That left the divorced couple alone to deal with each other. “Thanks for coming along today, Donna,” said Fairly. “ It would have been a lot harder taking them by myself.”
“It’s alright, I enjoyed it,” said Donna.
“It was good to be with you, too,” Fairly said, gazing at her. Donna looked away self-consciously. “Fairly, please, Let’s not start this again. I’m sorry but I’m tired and I’m just not up to it.”
“Okay,” he said. “You can have the bedroom and I’ll take the couch.”
“No, it’s your home now and I’d feel more comfortable in here, alright?”
“Whatever you like, Donna.”
He went to get her a blanket and pillow, then they got ready for bed. Fairly left the bedroom door open and as they each lay still in their separate rooms they could just barely hear an occasional sigh from the other as they mulled over the day, before drifting into a peaceful sleep.
Sometime in the night, Donna woke up and didn’t know where she was. She looked around in the dark and couldn’t get her bearings. After a minute she remembered, and breathed easier. But she couldn’t go back to sleep.
Her thoughts went to her two little children and to her ex-husband in the house. Her house, it used to be, but it didn’t feel that way any more. Her mind also dwelled quite a while on the message of the vote and on the light she’d experienced. She felt like the light had warmed her heart a bit. She hadn’t really noticed until now that she’d gotten kind of cool and distant from people since her divorce. Well, she’d felt it happening a little but she didn’t know how to stop it, and in fact didn’t know if she wanted to. She guessed it was a self-protective instinct.
Still, she didn’t like the way it felt to close herself off. Her loneliness had been hard to bear these last couple years and she hadn’t had any lovers. She knew Fairly still loved her and she probably loved him too, but she didn’t know if it would work to reconcile with him. Right now, tho, in this big house far away from her small apartment, Donna felt painfully alone. A part of her felt joyous from the light today and she wanted so much to share her hopes with someone.
She got up, wrapping the blanket around her and went to the window. Looking thru the blinds, she saw the neighbors’ houses lit by the streetlights. All was still.
Donna walked down the hall and peeked in on the kids. Then she looked in furtively at Fairly asleep in their old bed, that big firm bed that had been theirs. As if in a dream she went over, lifted the covers and slipped in beside him.
Fairly didn’t wake up. He’d always been a heavy sleeper.

Fred and LaVon snuggled in the single bed in Carolina’s spare bedroom that night. Shazelle slept on the couch.
“Oh, Fred,” said LaVon, “I’m worried that this is all a dream. The vote and the light just seem too good to be true.”
“It’s real, babe. Just like it’s real that we’ll get married and be a family. I’ve never been so sure of anything in my life.”
He kissed her and held her tight in his long strong arms. Then they made love, first tenderly, then passionately, but trying to keep the noise down. They didn’t succeed too well at that.
Chapter 8


The story of the aliens’ offer had been on television and radio news shows that evening all over the world. The Lumans’ plan was met with a lot of skepticism expressed in sound bites by authority figures. But many of the newscasters, sensing a huge story, were more enthusiastic about the phenomenon, as were a lot of 'people on the street' they’d interviewed.
Also, they’d gotten their first video images of alien spacecrafts as the Rank and Luman buzzbugs had landed, altho the newspeople had not yet figured out that they were dealing with two separate groups of visitors.
In repressive countries where news was government-controlled, there was scant mention of the event on broadcasts except to note that there may have been some attempt at mass hypnosis or trickery today. The people were told that it was a dangerous game and they were advised to disregard the message.
But as people and news organizations around the world compared notes, they learned that it was true what the man’s voice had said in the message today – evidently everyone on Earth had received the same simultaneous telepathic message about a vote to be conducted in one week. The media were coming to realize that they were in the middle of the biggest news story they’d ever seen.
The landing of a spaceship, even a small buzzbug, drew amazed stares wherever the Ranks and Lumans arrived. Since both groups of visitors sought to be noticed, they descended slowly into city centers with brilliant lights flashing. By the time they landed, large crowds had gathered, including the police.
In Beijing, as if the ship had not been enough, out stepped the blonde Princess Salacia, a stunning contrast in a country of black-haired yellow people.
The people surrounded her in respectful awe. She had four bodyguards equipped with lazer blazers but they just stood by her side as she smiled and waved to the crowd, wearing a tight blue satin dress with gold trim and plunging neckline.
After mingling with the on-lookers for a while, a motorcade with sirens blaring cut thru the mass of people. Stepping out of a car was the right-hand man to China’s Premier.
“Welcome to the People’s Republic of China,” said Duk Low Ho in his native Mandarin Chinese. The Princess pressed her lingualator and instantly heard a translation. The lingualator is a hand-size device programmed to translate all the languages of Earth to Rankish. The Ranks’ longtime operatives stationed on Earth had prepared the translations.
“Hello, I’m Princess Salacia from the planet Rankor,” she replied, which the lingualator then spoke aloud in Mandarin.
“His Excellency, the Premier, requests the honor of your presence in the People’s Palace,” said Duk. 
“Delighted,” replied Salacia.
They rode together to the Palace where Premier Ding Dang Dong awaited. The short, chunky old man with the round face and hard eyes stood at the door in the standard blue outfit.
“Your Highness,” said Salacia to him.
“‘Comrade,’ please. In China, we are all equals,” said Dong, noticing that the young woman reeked of perfume.
How quaint, thought the Princess. "That must be wonderfully um….equal.”
“Yes, we have the ideal political system here in China,” said Dong. “That’s why this vote that was spoken of has us concerned. It undermines our security.”
“I’m concerned, too and that’s why I’m here,” said Salacia.
“My people, from the planet Rankor, are not the ones who made that offer. Those meddling ones call themselves Lumans. We Ranks are more interested in becoming allies and trading partners with you on Earth.”
“Hmmmm, I see,” replied Dong. “So you disapprove of this so-called Earth vote?”
“Yes, your Excel- uh, Comrade. In fact, we’d like to help you defeat the Lumans so you can remain in your rightful leadership position.”
“And what’s in it for you Ranks?” asked Dong.
“The Earth has many treasures we desire, such as a bountiful flower harvest. In return for such access, we can offer you some things not available on Earth like lazer blazers and lovedust.”
Salacia motioned to one of her bodyguards standing nearby who came over and handed her his blazer. She took aim at a vase from ancient China and fired. The vase was vaporized.
The Premier was enraged at the arrogance of the Princess to casually destroy the treasured artifact but he was impressed with the power of the blazer and showed no reaction.
“And this lovedust you speak of?”
“It’s a magic powder that makes people all sweet and happy – for a time,” explained the Princess, leaning forward from her seat toward Dong to reveal more of her cleavage. “Maybe I could show you how it works in private.”
The old Premier smiled, altho he was a bit beyond the allure of lust. “Perhaps another time. How do you propose using this lovedust?”
“Airborne dispersal is quick and effective, putting whole cities under its spell. Of course, the police could be forewarned so as to have masks in place.”
“And how is this silly stuff supposed to help combat the threat by the Lumans?” asked Dong.
“People who are enjoying themselves are unlikely to vote for a change as broad and radical as the Lumans propose,” the Princess reasoned.
“So you think the people must be drugged to vote for continuing the present course?”
“Comrade, the masses are foolish, like sheep who are easily led astray. Every tool possible should be used to keep them in the fold,” said Salacia.
“Yes, I suppose you’re right. I will meet with the Tribunal to consider our course of action. We are indebted to you, Princess, for your kind offer of assistance in the midst of our crisis. We’d like to give you accommodations if you’ll be our guests. My nephew, Wang Dang Dong, will see to your comfort. Tomorrow we can meet again.”
Dong signaled to his nephew standing nearby. Wang, the Chinese Minister of Public Information, was in his mid-thirties with a more animated face than his stoic uncle. He was slim and wiry with a lock of hair falling a bit down his forehead. He approached the Premier who whispered in his ear. Then he stood back and faced Salacia.
Wang reached out his hand. “Princess, allow me to show you to your quarters.”
“Thank you, Wang,” she said as he led her down the hall. “What an intriguing name you have.”
“Yes, it means ‘hose of fertility’,” smiled Wang.
“Oh, you must show me how it works!” said Salacia.
“I’d be honored,” Wang replied, opening the door to her room. “And perhaps you could demonstrate your lovedust, too.”
Salacia closed the door behind them and sashayed over to the bed where she sat and pulled a little glass vial from her purse. She poured some of the white powder onto her hand, then drawing Wang close, she blew the dust into his face.
Instinctively, Wang recoiled. He drew back and straightened up, wiping his eyes and nose. The Princess then tossed a handful of the powder into her own face and moved over to press herself to Wang.
“I don’t think your herbal works on me,” said Wang, still coughing and brushing off the powder.
“Give it a minute. Am I working on you?” she asked, pushing her breasts into his tummy.
“Princess, perhaps this isn’t such a good idea. I think I’d better be going,” he said looking down at her milky white bosom spilling out of her dress. “The Premier…” he hesitated, “the Premier… what lovely boobies you have, Princess.”
She giggled and kissed him, her tongue snaking out to meet his. They fell over on the bed laughing. “Call me Salacia, Wang.
Now, about your fertility hose…”

Bishop Lou Cypher landed his buzzbug amid a great clamor in front of St. Peter’s Basilica at the Vatican in Rome. He emerged alone and greeted the huge throng of people who normally gathered in such numbers only for an appearance by the Pope.
Due to the special circumstances, Bishop Cypher was granted an immediate audience with the Pope. The Pope’s official name was Joseph Robert but most of the world’s billion Catholics greeted him at airports and stadiums with chants of “Joe Bob! Joe Bob!”
The Luman Bishop was ushered in and he kissed the Pope’s ring before sitting down to talk. The Pope, who was conversant in 17 languages, listened to Bishop Cypher’s strange but interesting tongue of Humanish and was surprised to instantly understand it, as all humans do. “Pontiff, it’s good to meet you. I bring wishes of good will from my world to yours.”
“Thank you, Bishop. Welcome to Earth. But I’m confused by this message from you about some kind of vote. I fear it would upset the work we’re doing to save souls from eternal damnation.” The Pope’s words were psychically translated into Humanish by Lou Cypher.
“Your Holiness, I assure you that is not our intention. We are simply charged by the Galactic Government with offering an alternative to Earthlings from their course of death and destruction,” explained Lou Cypher.
“We already have alternatives to sin with the Holy Sacraments and the teachings of Jesus for those who would choose the way of the Lord,” said the Pope.
“Yes, Pontiff, and we are not looking to usurp your position as spiritual shepherd for your flock. We simply offer an immediate practical change in lifestyle that would only enhance your religious guidance. Our plan would not discourage people from practicing their faith.”
“Hmmm, I wonder…” said the Pope. “What faith do you Lumans practice?”
“There are many varieties of religions on our world, just as on yours. Perhaps the common thread is a belief in universal kinship and the original virtue of the human spirit.”
“Well, that view is at odds with the Bible which states that man is afflicted with original sin,” said the Pope. “And wouldn’t the state of the world that prompts your rescue effort be proof that man’s essential state is one of sin not grace?”
“The cruelty and chaos could convince me,” replied the Bishop, “were it not for my experience of seeing my world metamorphose into a peaceful, productive planet after being stuck in a similar state as yours at the time of my birth.”
“Yes, that sounds fascinating,” said the Pope, “and you must share your story with our Cardinals and Bishops when they arrive for our conference. Would you be our guest and speak to our gathering tomorrow?”
“I would be honored, your Holiness,” said the Bishop, getting up to go. “Thank you for your gracious consideration. 'Til tomorrow then.”
“Monsignor Guiltony will assist you with your accommodations. Good evening.” The Pope made a cross in the air towards Bishop Cypher.
The Monsignor was a large balding man wearing a full- length black robe. “Would you like to tour the Vatican?” he asked.
“Why, yes,” said Lou Cypher. “It is majestic.” 
They walked together down the hall.

When Marquisa Musqueesa landed her ship in downtown Los Angeles, the atmosphere was electric – and unbreatheable. There was a smog alert that day as there’d been all week in that incredibly hot summer. Yet despite the heat and the pollution you could cut with a knife, thousands of people followed the ship’s slow descent to Earth and crowded around its landing spot.
The Marquisa, in a short red dress and white feather boa, took the few steps down the ramp and waved excitedly to the crowd. Surrounded by her bodyguards, she waded thru the gawking mob until meeting Mayor Warren Weirdon.
“Welcome to the entertainment capital of the world!” said the mayor, holding out his hand. Musqueeza grasped just his fingers and gave a delicate squeeze.
“Thank you, thank you,” she said. “It’s a thrill to be in one of the galaxy’s hottest stinkholes.”
“How can we make your stay more enjoyable?” asked the mayor.
“Get me on TV with some music stars,” said Marquisa, waving and smiling to the crowd.
“Alright, there are some people I can introduce you to if you’ll come with me,” he said gesturing to his limousine.
Musqueeza and her bodyguards got in the limo and drove slowly away thru the throng of adoring fans. The mayor assigned the police to guard her buzzbug.
Winding thru the hills above L.A., they arrived at the palatial home of Dirk Dart, television producer, who was throwing a birthday bash for Vajonna, Earth’s reigning music sex goddess.
Dirk Dart, short and eternally youthful, had long ago, in his television music hosting days, made a deal with the record companies that he would enthusiastically hype whatever performers the labels offered in exchange for a lifetime supply of youth serum. The companies had obtained the anti-aging formula from space aliens in a trade for the original master tapes from Chuck Berry and Little Richard recordings.
Now at his party, Dirk was smiling beatifically while the guest of honor, Vajonna, entertained show-biz executives who had just inked the ultimate merger of a major movie studio, record company and television network into one mega-monopoly known as Dizzy-Slime-Wormer. Vajonna sang an unplugged version of her smash hit “Like A Mergin’,” demonstrating her effective blend of music, sex and business all at once.
Such was the scene when the mayor brought in Musqueesa to meet host Dirk Dart.
“Dirk, I’d like you to know Marquisa Musqueesa from the planet Rankor. She’s got some ideas of how to deal with that vote thing we heard about.”
“Then you’re not with the Lumans who offered this vote?” asked Dart.
“God, no,” said Musqueesa. “We Ranks would like to help Earth defeat the Lumans’ takeover attempt. Just get me on television and I’ll do the rest.”
“That can be arranged,” said Dirk, “in fact, we can cut the deal here tonight. But what are you planning to do?”
“We need a worldwide TV special with your biggest stars, like that tramp over there (pointing to Vajonna). It should air on Friday, the night before the vote is scheduled. That’s when we can make our case against the vote and leave little time for the Lumans to refute us. Plus, it gives you all week to promote the show.”
“Why are you so interested in helping us defeat the Lumans?” asked Dart.
“I like the Earth, warts and all,” said Marquisa. “Rankor, my world, is like a sister planet to yours. And we appreciate some of the finer things you have like perfume and music. We’d like to help keep the Earth free instead of seeing it dominated by do-gooders.”
“Well, I must admit that I’m skeptical myself of the plan the Lumans offer. I get the distinct impression that those of us who have achieved financial success would stand to lose greatly under their plan.”
“You bet you would!” said Musqueesa. “They’d have everybody working on farms like peasants.”
“Okay, let’s set up the deal,” said Dirk. “We can get Vajonna and the other top stars.”
“I’ll need top billing in the promotion spots,” said Marquisa. 
“Whatever. We can go live worldwide on broadcast TV to reach the most viewers. It’ll be on radio and the Internet, too.”
“Good. Now I want to do a tune for the party,” said Musqueesa.
“I don’t think that’s a good idea,” said Dart. “Vajonna wouldn’t take kindly to being upstaged at a party in her honor.”
Marquisa grabbed the diminutive Dart by the crotch. “Screw what that bitch wants. If you want the Rankors’ help to keep your cash, you’ll do what I say. Now get that slut off the stage!”
As Vajonna’s song ended, Dart went up on the small stage in his spacious living room and whispered to her. She stalked angrily off. Dart took the microphone.
“Ladies and gentlemen, We have a treat tonight for you that is literally out of this world. From the planet Rankor to perform for you – The Marquisa Musquessa.”
Marquisa flounced on the stage while her four bodyguards took their places as her band. “Hiya, guys and gals! We’re here to prevent those planetary police, the Lumans, from taking over the Earth. But right now, how about a song?”
The show-biz bigwigs clapped as they gathered closer to the charismatic redhead.
The band kicked into gear as Musqueesa sang “I’m A Woman.”
“Now if you come to me sickly, 
You know I’m a gonna make you well. 
And if you come to me all hexed up, 
You know I’m a gonna break the spell. 
And if you come to me hungry, 
You know I’ll feed ya full of my grits. 
And if it’s lovin’ you want I can kiss and give you the shiverin’ fits.”
I’m a woman, W-O-M-A-N.”
(Copyright Jerry Lieber and Mike Stoller, Lieber and Stoller Music, ASCAP)

She sang the song with a brassy gusto, hitting and holding the high notes the way Vajonna could only dream of. The party erupted into cheers as Musquessa finished and curtsied low to reveal her deep cleavage. Vajonna stood to the side, seething.
“Thank you, thank you,” said Musquessa. “Friday night we’re going worldwide on live television with the greatest talent on Earth. See you then.”
As Marquisa left the stage, Dirk Dart brought someone over to meet her. It was Jerry Icenerd, the new head of the entertainment mega-monopoly. Icenerd looked slim and sporty with gray hair and a deep tan. He took Marquisa’s hand tenderly. “Lovely to meet such a wonderful talent,” he said.
“Why, thank you so much. I know I’ll enjoy my stay on Earth if I get to spend time with a fine gentleman like yourself.” She turned to Dart. “Dirk, would you be a love and get me a drink?”
When Dirk returned with the drink, Musqueesa and Icenerd were gone. Dirk ran outside just in time to see Icenerd’s Rolls Royce speeding off.
“So what do you think of our planet here?” Icenerd asked. 
“Earth is great!” said Musqueesa, sitting on the Rolls’ plush leather. “It’s got everything from the best to the worst.”
“I think our best just got a little better,” he said. 
“Mmmmmhmmmm,” she purred, curling up beside him and letting her hand rest in his lap. “Are we there yet?” she asked. “A few more minutes, Marquisa.”
“Call me Musqy, babe.”
“Okay, Musqy babe.” And they both laughed.
Icenerd turned in his long circular drive at his mansion and they went inside. He excused himself to go to the bathroom and when he returned he was pleasantly shocked to find Musqueesa waiting for him naked. She twirled around the room, shaking her voluptuous curves as he lustfully watched.
He walked over, still fully clothed, and put his arms around her. “Let’s go to bed,” he said.
Musqueesa slid down, her naked breasts brazenly grazing his groin. She squirmed back up to plant a wet kiss on his mouth and writhed sensuously against his straining clothed body.
“I’ll be right back,” she whispered, trailing away. She picked up her bag and went in the bathroom, closing the door.
Icenerd quickly took off his clothes and got under the covers.
After a few minutes, Musqueesa emerged and, to Icenerd’s surprise, she had put on pajamas.
She got in beside him and he put his arms around her, continuing where they had left off. He kissed her but she turned her face aside, then pulled back.
“Jerry, I think we’re going too fast,” said the Marquisa. 
Icenerd rose up on one elbow and looked puzzled. “You seemed so hot a few minutes ago,” he said.
“Well, I’m very attracted to you,” she replied. “But I’m worried that we could spoil it by rushing into this before we get to know each other better.”
The media mogul subtly shifted his swollen shorts. “I feel like I’ve known you for years. You’re a very special ali- uh, woman, and I’m lucky to be with you,” Icenerd said with all the hardfelt sincerity he could muster.
“That’s sweet. You make me feel special, too. And that just tells me all the more that we’d be better off waiting until we’re sure.”
Icenerd dropped on his back and sighed deeply. “Yes, you’re right, Musqy,” he said. “And I’m sure you’re worth waiting for.”
“That’s sweet,” she said. “How about if we just snuggle? Here, spoon me.” 
And she turned over pressing her buns back against him. Icenerd liked spooning but at this moment, in his almost painful state, he’d have much preferred to fork. 
Eventually, they both dropped off to sleep.
                                                       Chapter 9


Ki Wu Yu swooped and soared her buzzbug over the Tokyo sky with dazzling trails of red, green and purple. The Japanese people watched in awe as she maneuvered her craft to rest in a downtown park.
The diminutive martial arts champion then tumbled herself down a ramp with flips and spins before the onlookers, finishing with a deep bow to their hearty applause.
A fiftyish man in a grey suit came forward. “Welcome to Japan, I’m Impero Fiducio, Minister of Money. Please allow me to make your stay pleasurable and profitable.”
Ki bowed and replied, “Thank you, Minister, but my mission is for neither pursuit. I come in support of the plan my people, the Lumans, have offered to you humans of Earth.”
“Yes, this vote thing is very interesting,” said the Minister, “Altho I’m not clear on how money matters would be handled under your plan.”
“More equally. But there would be a different system based on barter exchange. I hope to get the chance to explain this and many other points to your country on television.
“Yes, yes,” replied the Minister. “Of course, we would have to present those with opposing views as well.”
“No problem, I welcome it,” said Ki.
“Would you stay as our guest in the cottage reserved for visiting ambassadors?”
“Yes, thank you, Minister.”
He gestured toward his car. As they walked toward it, they were descended upon by news reporters and cameramen. Ki faced the cameras and spoke, “I am the martial arts champion of my planet, Lumaria, and I challenge Earth’s champion to face me in the ring, regardless of size or gender.”
Then Ki and her host departed for her accommodations. That night Ki’s challenge went on national TV in Japan, and it was also broadcast around much of Asia. There was general disbelief and even mockery when people heard the tiny female alien make her bold dare.
But one man down in Hong Kong didn’t mock the alien woman’s claim. He was Maxi Muto, the Kung Fu world champion, and he watched the news report with interest, taking note of Ki’s beautiful aura, visible even on the television image. Then he turned off his set.
The powerfully built Muto, his hair in a ponytail, walked to his workout room and fell to his knees in prayer with arms stretched out in front of him. Muto remained thus for half an hour before rising and beginning his practice routine.
He practiced very hard.

There were a lot of tourists at the site of the former Berlin Wall when Duke Vomitos Pukarious and his entourage swept over the boulevards of the German capital. Their ship landed amid a large crowd of tourists as well as German people, many of whom had been copiously imbibing beer on this warm summer eve.
The bald, hulking Chancellor, Lugar Goonz, rushed up as the Duke swept majestically down the walkway of his ship, his cape trailing behind.
“Velkommen,” said Goonz. “We are so glad to have you here in our united Germany.”
“Charmed,” said the Duke drily. “Say do you have any good spirits handy?” as they sped off in a Mercedes limousine.
“Well we have been haunted by the ghost of Kaiser Wilhelm lately,” said the Chancellor.
“No, no, spirits to drink, man. Liquor – brandy, bourbon or such?”
“Yah, yah, We get you a drink. Is this why you come to Earth, to drink?”
“It’s pretty much why I go anywhere,” replied the Duke.
The chancellor’s assistant, Guenther, a rippling muscled brute, poured the Duke a glass of brandy, which he downed in one gulp. The Duke motioned for more with his glass, which the assistant re-filled. And then again.
Vomitos hiccuped loudly, then giggled a high-pitched little squeal at himself. His eyes wandered to the Chancellor who gazed at him curiously.
“How can we make your stay here more productive?” asked Goonz.
“We of the planet Rankor are interested in forming an alliance with Earth's leaders. You have certain commodities we desire and in exchange we could provide help to you in defeating this vote proposed by the buttinsky Lumans.”
“Yes, I’m suspicious of the vote myself. But how could you help us when evidently this vote will be strictly private in the minds of each individual?”
“We must turn public opinion against the Lumans by stressing the suspicions and uncertainties of their plan,” said the Duke. “We must act quickly to alleviate peoples’ fear of violence in the world because the Lumans will try to use those fears to their advantage.”
“Hmmmm,” said Goonz, a beefy finger to his lips. “So world leaders must present a united front against this do-gooder plot.”
“Yes, by all means, make efforts to paper over your differences, at least temporarily,” said Vomitos. “Do what you can to make your subjects feel safe and stable.”
“We’ll call a summit meeting at the United Nations,” said Lugar. “But there’s so little time. I wonder if we can get the message out effectively to the whole population of the Earth.”
Duke Pukarious stared his icy blue eyes into the German Chancellor’s. “You can and you must. For Earth’s entire way of life is at stake. Besides that, you’ll be out of a job.”
Goonz shuddered at the thought – of losing his power, that is. He began to realize the enormity of the task for the coming week. “We are indebted to you, Duke, for your consultation in this crucial matter. Is there something we can assist you with?”
“Of course. You can provide us some supplies from earth’s abundant resources. Your perfume industry could be of use to us.”
“Why in the wor-” the Chancellor asked just as the Duke leaned across him to grab the bottle of booze. Lugar had smelled nothing so rank in his life. “Uh, fine, fine. Whatever you need.”
“Yes, and now I’m very tired. We can discuss matters fuhrer – I mean further – in the morning.”
“May we provide a lovely fraulein for your evening pleasure?” asked Goonz.
“No, thank you. I believe I’ll just turn in,” said Vomitos, not revealing any hint of his distaste for the offer.
They arrived at the Chancellor’s mansion, where Guenther, the assistant, showed the Duke to his quarters. Vomitos watched the young man intently.
“Will there be anything else, Your Highness?” asked the strapping assistant.
“Well, my shoulder has been aching all day. I don’t suppose you could use some of those big beautiful muscles to massage it?”
“My pleasure,” said Guenther, locking the door and removing his shirt.

As Armando Guitarmo eased his buzzbug thru the gray smog above Mexico City, he looked below at the colorful architecture of the Plaza. Then he cruised around to the outlying areas where the view changed to one of misery. He saw lines of cardboard boxes that were the homes of families. He saw people combing the dump to find food that others had thrown away. Then he circled back downtown where he softly landed on the grass of a park.
The short, stocky Armando walked down the ramp playing his guitar, which was an acoustic instrument equipped with a built-in amplifying speaker for ease of mobility. The people were instantly enthralled with his music.
In the middle of a clearing, he stopped and raised his arms for a moment.
He spoke to them in Humanish so they all understood what he said.
“Hello, I come to you in peace. I am one of the Lumans who showed you the light and offered you the vote today. My name is Armando Guitarmo. I’d like to share my music with you.”
Armando played a gentle flurry of notes that showered over the crowd like a warm summer rain. Children bounced to the rhythm and people swayed and felt the vibration of love flowing from his guitar to rise up their spines and massage their minds. Soon they were overcome with a feeling of peace and beauty.
Then just when he had them all relaxed, Guitarmo broke into a passionate flamenco that broughts whoops and hollers from the listeners, getting many to dance small circles around their hats.
For a finale, he played just one note deep and true, and it rang thru the air as if on silver wings, and everyone felt the sound resonate with the beat of their hearts, and they caught their breaths as it went on and on, until finally the note faded in the breeze and everyone breathed again and laughed in overwhelming joy.
The crowd applauded vigorously as Armando smiled and bowed. Just then several police cars with lights flashing and sirens blaring drove slowly onto the grass straight into the crowd and up to Armando. Trailing the police cars was a black official-looking vehicle, which carried the President of Mexico, Enrico Saleazo.
“Welcome to our planet and to our country. I am President Saleazo,” said the short, slim and greasy leader.
“Hola, I am Armando Guitarmo, Minister of Music, Planet Lumaria. And I come in peace.”
“Bueno! Peace is good. Very good. Do you have any drugs or weapons?” asked the President.
“Just my guitar,” smiled Armando. “But it’s been known to get people high.”
“Well, that is legal in Mexico – for now,” Saleazo smiled back, showing a lot of teeth.
“The people are very friendly here,” Armando remarked.
“Yes, we would like to provide comfortable overnight accommodations to make your stay in Mexico as rewarding as possible.”
“Um, thank you but I’d like to tour the city a bit and meet the people this evening.”
“As you wish,” said the President, handing Guitarmo his card. “If there is any way I can assist you, call me por favor.”
“Si, gracias. I will do that. Hasta luego.”
President Saleazo got back in his car and called the director of the secret police as he rode away. He instructed the director to keep a tail on Guitarmo and report directly to him on the alien’s activities.
After the President and the police drove off, a crowd of people gathered around the mysterious musician. He visited with them a while, then got in his buzzbug and flew off, noticing that helicopters trailed him. He could have ditched them with the bug’s great speed, but he kept to a leisurely pace, displaying colorful lights so that the people below could get a good look.
Out on the edge of Mexico City, up in the hills a ways, he touched down and repeated his short show. These people were extremely poor and a bit shyer in their response to Guitarmo. But after awhile they dropped their guard and came forward to meet the strange but kindly visitor.
The air was thick with a stench from human pee and poop, since there was no sewer system in the area. Armando was grossed out with the stink on that hot summer night, but still he stayed and talked with the people. As it grew late, one man stepped forward to say, “We don’t have much to offer you, but you’d be welcome to stay the night with us.”
Armando reached out to shake his hand. “Gracias, I’d be honored.”
The people were amazed to see the space visitor direct his ship up about 100 feet off the ground and suspend it there for the night.
Then the man led Armando to a tiny tar-paper shack, closely crammed in with many others like it, where he and his wife and family of 6 children all lived in the one room. They made some space for Armando on the dirt floor, and everyone settled down to sleep.
But Armando lay awake long after the others had drifted off. He was troubled by the lives these people lived. In the cramped quarters he could smell several odors, none of them pleasant, and it was still hot and muggy tho it was well past midnight.
Finally, Armando crept outside, grabbing his guitar as he went. He sat outside in the moonlight, strumming very softly while leaning on the shack. He focused his mind on the sky and whispered a little song as he played:
“Vapor, join us in cloud’s convention, Loose on us your fruit of rain.
Come and cleanse the air of tension, Soothe and nourish this terrain.”

Then on his guitar he mimicked the sound of rain with little plunking noises as he repeated the verse. Armando didn’t look up but closed his eyes in concentration as he softly sang.
After a while he felt another’s presence. He opened his eyes to see his host looking at him oddly. Armando kept singing and then he noticed the moonlit sky was growing darker. Some thick clouds were rolling in from the opposite way the winds usually flow there. The moon became obscured and the wind kicked up a bit. Both men stood and looked up in wonder as big fat raindrops began to fall.
The drops started making noise as they struck the rickety little shacks. Their frequency increased to make quite a racket and folks emerged from their homes to watch and to feel the cool water splash upon them. There hadn’t been rain for weeks in this hot stagnant summer and the relief was evident in the grins of the people as they danced and splashed around.
The children too woke up and ran out laughing, then began to slide in the mud. Soon the air felt fresh and clean and cool.
Then the rain let up and passed over. Folks returned to their homes relaxed and got a good night’s sleep.

Earlier and much further to the southeast in Latin America, General Kariva Fumagio landed his ship on the beach down below the huge statue of Christ in Rio De Janiero. The General and his bodyguards dropped from the bug’s belly and fell to the sand with lazer-blazers drawn, expecting trouble.
What they encountered was a crowd of bathers in scanty swimsuits gawking at the small spaceship. But coming from the street were a host of army officers with machine guns who had no idea if this was a hostile invasion, but they weren’t taking any chances.
General Fumagio translated their shouts quickly on his lingualator, then he and his men holstered their blazers and assumed a submissive pose, despite having superior weaponry.
From behind, in shiny black leather boots and a uniform covered with medals, strutted General Manuel Torturro. He was fortyish, slim and cruelly handsome except for a scar down the left side of his face.
“Who are you and why have you come?” demanded Torturro.
The alien leader’s lips parted in a grim smile. “I am General Kariva Fumagio. We are from the planet Rankor and we come in the hope of forming an alliance with you against the insidious communists from Lumaria.”
“That’s interesting – tell me more,” said the Brazilian general, introducing himself and offering a cruel handshake. As he came close, he caught a whiff of the visitor. It was a smell most cruel.
“Yes, we feel a partnership between us and distinguished Earth leaders such as yourself would be mutually beneficial. Besides advances in weapons, we could provide you with help in the more immediate threat posed by the Lumans.”
“Such as?” asked General Torturro.
“The art of instilling fear in the populace. Sure, you already use it, and with some success, but in this ultimate challenge to your sovereignty, you will need to surround the people’s hearts and minds in such dark thick clouds of fear that no Luman light-show can penetrate it. I can help build the fear you’ll require to survive the coming vote and remain in power.”
“Rarely have I heard such an inspirational speaker,” marveled Torturro. “General Fumagio, would you and your crew please join us for a meal and a meeting on this crucial issue?”
“Fine, and I think your troops could lower their weapons now.”
They left, with a squad of soldiers remaining behind to guard the buzzbug. General Torturro treated them to a feast of sumptuous meats and fine wines at his mansion. Before long they were too stuffed and high to discuss business, but they did manage to partake of the charms of the enticing young women General Torturro brought in for “entertainment.”

Meantime across the sea, Qual Batismo, the Luman Secretary of Dance, circled above Johannesburg, South Africa, making flips and dives while the lights of her bug sparkled in the blue twilight.
A crowd watched as she landed in the black township of Soweto. She emerged to hear a song of greeting from thousands of people of her pigment’s persuasion. Qal stood and smiled while the people sang and danced their welcome.
Raising her arms in tribute, the visitor spoke: “Thank you, citizens of South Africa. I am Qal Batismo, from the Planet Lumaria. We offer a way to escape the violence and hatred defiling the earth. It’s a way to live in the light, that light you got a look at today. Now I would like to tell you a story in dance.”
Then Qal spun herself around in the same spot a dozen times. By her speed, you’d have thought she was on ice skates but it was just her poise and energy. The crowd watched as the mysterious alien with the glow of colors swept into a dance to express the dilemma, and opportunity, facing the world.
She fell to the ground and writhed like a snake in the grass. Then she raised her head up a little and looked around before getting up on her knees. She crawled in a large circle, slowly, cautiously at first, then faster with lunging efforts to stand but still on all fours as she crawled around the clearing.
Qal pushed herself onto her arms and actually walked on her hands, to the amazement of the onlookers. then she dropped onto her feet, wobbling like a toddler as she tried a few tentative steps. As her steps grew steady, she soon made longer strides and started to run and jump, her legs scissoring to full extension as she leaped. Reaching her arms out to the audience, then up to the sky, she gathered herself in a closing circle, losing energy, shrinking, but then flailing and kicking as if to repel attack. Then Qal’s arms and legs drew in tight as if bound by chains, before slinking down, falling to her knees and collapsing as if in a puddle of herself, with one hand weakly raising itself, the fingers barely able to hold themselves up, and the hand, grasping at the air, grasping… till finally dropping to the ground.
The African people watching the dance were hushed in awe while their space visitor lay in a heap. Then they clapped and cheered enthusiastically as Qal arose and bowed to them.
They slowly moved toward her and she gave them a welcome gesture. Soon they encircled Qal, reaching out to touch her out of curiosity. A young mother named Rita with 3 small children by her side asked Qal if she needed a place to stay.
Qal answered that she did, so Rita invited her home. Qal left her ship on the ground and walked with the family to their house, a neat but humble two-room cottage close by.
As Rita made them some tea, she told Qal about her husband, Peter, who was in jail, unjustly for murder. “One night 4 white men followed me home. They were raping me in our own house when Peter and his friend got home and started fighting with the rapists. Peter was badly injured and his friend was killed. But they killed one of the white men in self-defense before the police arrived. The white policeman arrested Peter for murder even tho they found him on the floor with the white men beating him.”
Qal and Rita talked more as they drank their tea, then Rita got her children tucked in bed for the night. Qal doubted there was anything she could do to help her new friend except to persuade the people of Earth to vote for the Lumans’ plan. The question of what to do with prison inmates would be a very complicated one but it would involve the Lumans calling on their advanced psychic powers to determine which prisoners had been falsely convicted and which were justly imprisoned.
The two women spoke long into the night, then they fell asleep, both still sitting on the couch. Rita dreamed, as she had before, that her husband came home a free man.

Up in west-central Asia, Rankor Admiral Cornell Aufello slowly circled Iran’s capital, the huge city of Tehran. His small ship made no sudden movements as it deftly descended downtown near the government buildings.
The Admiral and his ensign, a black ex-boxer named Floyd Frazier, slipped down a ladder to the ground and were greeted by a contingent of army forces with weapons trained on them, including a couple of tanks. The two raised their arms in surrender and were quickly taken into custody.
They were then pushed into a police van and whisked away to police headquarters where they were thrown into separate cells, without so much as a chance to talk to anyone in authority.
Their buzzbug was then boarded and searched for contraband and for any other clues to explain what the visitors were doing here.
Admiral Aufello and Ensign Frazier were left alone in their cells for the night.

Down in the sub-continent of India, Madame Bela Satva willed her ship invisible as her pilot, Jake Patel, guided their buzzbug over the ancient hovels of Calcutta. Jake’s skin had a dusky hue and altho slight of build, he was still a capable assistant to old Madame Satva. He guided her on a tour, from the ornately wealthy Brahman section to the abject poverty of the Untouchable district.
Taking the invisible ship lower, they flew undetected by the people who were just a few feet below. This way they could observe how the street life really carried on. It wasn’t a pretty sight. There were killers and thieves, there were children who begged for a living, and other children forced to be prostitutes.
Jake and Bela sailed silently on over the teeming mass of misery that was Calcutta, catching those casual cruelties of everyday life in this huge city.
Altho it was about midnight, the streets were still swarming with people when Bela decided to let their presence be known.
She willed the ship visible, then Jake streaked upwards at incredible speed with their lights leaving trails like fireworks. Very visible now, they circled Calcutta – diving low, then soaring up to several thousand feet, all the while giving off a stunning show.
Then Jake took the bug along the river, under bridges, to the gasps of observers, before swooping down to land in the Square. As they disembarked, Bela brought her concentrative powers to bear and created an impenetrable vibrational field around herself and Jake so they could not be mobbed by the crowd, who were waiting to do just that at the base of their bug.
Bela walked amidst the throng but the people who lunged to touch her were bounced back as hard as they had come at her. The crowd quieted as she raised her hand to speak.
“People of Calcutta, we greet you. I am Bela Satva from the Planet Lumaria. You all heard our message today about a vote that could change the world. For a few moments you saw the light. It’s not just in some old paintings from your religions. The light lives in all your spirits now and forever.”
Then, cutting thru the waves of humans came some police followed by the lady governor of the state of West Bengal, who wore a green sari and, facing the alien woman, bowed with hands folded in front of her in tribute to Bela’s spirit.
“We are honored by your visit to us. I am Governor Zagere Krastavian. Please let us accommodate you any way we can.”
“Om Shanti. Peace. I am Bela Satva, Vice President of the planet Lumaria. We come to offer you hope to break the cycle of pain, despair and oppression that is consuming your world.”
“A worthy mission, I’m sure,” said the Governor. “But you must be tired after your journey. Would you be my guest in the governor’s mansion?”
Bela looked around at the thousands of people surrounding them. Despite their overzealous excitement, she wanted to mingle and communicate directly with them but she knew that time constraints made it necessary to enlist the support of Earth’s leaders.
“Yes, my pilot and I would very much appreciate your hospitality.”
“Then tomorrow we could have public discussions about your plans for this vote,” said the Governor. 
“Yes, that sounds fine,” said Bela.
Leaving a force field around the buzzbug, Jake and Bela rode off to the Governor’s home.

Sandy Loam, Lumaria’s Nature Advocate, sailed her bug over the equatorial Atlantic Ocean. 
She soon reached land where the mighty Amazon River flows so forcefully that 50 miles into the sea the water is still fresh in its stream. Sandy left the ship in the form of a dove and flew up the wide winding river for many miles until the forest grew thick along its shores.
Flying on and on upriver, then veering off into the forest where few humans, except indigenous tribes, have dared to go, the alien gull finally reached a huge mahogany tree and perched on a branch atop the jungle’s canopy.
“Welcome, we’ve been expecting you,” said the tree in a very deep voice.
“Welcome, we’ve been expecting you,” squawked a parrot.
“Thank you, thank you,” said Sandy. “It’s a thrill to see this magnificent forest and its variety of life.”
“Yeah, what’s left of it that humans haven’t cut or burned,” boomed the Mahogany.
“And the remaining species they haven’t slaughtered to extinction,” chimed in a monkey swinging on a branch next to the one Sandy gripped with her spindly gull feet.
“That’s a subject I’d like to discuss with Earth’s plants and animals,” said Sandy. “Altho I’m shaped as a bird right now, I’m in essence a human from another world and we’re here to offer a peaceful way for Earth people to live before they wipe out any more life, including their own.”
“We’re glad you came,” said the big old tree. “We heard your announcement to the humans today when everything froze in place. But regarding the light that was spoken of, nothing seemed different to us.”
“That’s because you plants and animals of the Earth already see and feel the Light,” explained Sandy. “People are the only species on Earth that have lost the light, so we’re offering them a chance to re-discover it.”
“But even tho their actions affect all of us, humans are the only ones who get to vote?” asked the monkey.
“I’m afraid so,” acknowledged Sandy. “They must decide on their own to overcome their deficiency and join the harmony of the world. But you other species can express your will for them to change, which some humans might notice, even if subconsciously.”
“I don’t see how our wishes would matter to them,” remarked the monkey. “They’ve shown that all they care about is themselves.”
“You might be surprised,” said Sandy. “There are a lot of humans who are longing to renew their kinship with nature, and this is the opportunity they’ve been waiting for.”
“Well, it’s worth a try,” said the old mahogany. “What do you suggest we do?”
“Call a Council of All Life. Each species could send a representative. The Amazon is a likely site because so many species live here already. The sooner the better since there’s only seven days till the humans vote. I’m sure the participants will have ideas as diverse as their species.”
Mahogany then sent out a message on the Innernet, a psychic wavelength connecting all the plants and animals on Earth. The message called for all species to send a delegate for a meeting to begin the following morning.
The monkey, who just happened to be a member of the media, filed a front page story in The Gnu Yak Thymes, the psychic paper of record for Earth. The article made deadline for the next day’s edition.
“I’m going to go exploring the Earth now,” said Sandy, “But I’ll return for the Council tomorrow in case I can be of assistance.” With that she flew off and returned to her ship.
Chapter 10


Fairly Middlin was surprised to awaken feeling someone beside him in bed. Turning his head, he saw the sleeping face of his ex-wife Donna snuggled up to his back. Fairly gently turned  over and gazed at Donna as she slept.
He was filled with tender feelings for her as he realized what emotional nerve it had taken for her to come in and sleep with him for the first time since their divorce. After a while, Donna fluttered her eyelids and saw Fairly staring at her. “Good morning,” he said.
“Hi,” she whispered back.
They looked at each other with a mixture of longing and embarrassment. Fairly reached out to offer his hand. She took it and held it warmly in her own. Just then little Hairly ran into the room and bounded up on top of them. He was followed by his sister Kristy who stood shyly by the door. Fairly waved her in and she came over and sat on the big bed, too.
They all stayed in bed for a while talking and laughing and snuggling before they decided it was time for breakfast.
After some eggs and cereal, the kids ran outside to play.
Donna was washing the dishes when Fairly came up and nuzzled her from behind.
“That felt so good to wake up with you beside me,” he said.
She half-turned her head and gave a little smile. “Yeah, it was nice,” she said and went back to washing up.
Fairly went to the living room and sat down in his chair to read the paper. In a few minutes, Donna came in and sat down with a magazine. Fairly glanced at her out of the corner of his eye a couple times and tried to concentrate on his paper. After he read the same paragraph about 5 times, he put it down and went over and knelt in front of his ex-wife.
“Donna, I love you and the kids more than anything in the world. I know I was wrong the way I treated you before. But I’ve changed now. I want us to be a family again.”
“Oh, Fairly, I don’t think that’s a good idea.”
Donna was torn because she probably still loved Fairly but she didn’t know if that was enough to get past their problems. She was also worried about the strength of her resolve to resist him and she didn’t want her confusion to show.
“I’ve missed you so much,” said Fairly, gazing into her eyes. “Every day I try to think of ways to win you back. You’re the only woman I’ve ever loved.”
Donna returned his gaze and saw the man she’d fallen in love with over 10 years ago. Her resistance started to crumble.
“It’s too scary,” she said, her voice trembling as she summoned a little objection. “It’s too hard to put all the pieces together again.”
Fairly sensed her vulnerability and moved closer, hugging her tight. When Donna felt his warm embrace, she melted into his arms and started to cry. Then Fairly started crying, too.
“We can do it, honey,” he said. “We can put our family back together. I love you so much.”
“Okay, Fairly. I love you, too,” she said bravely thru her tears, even tho deep inside she still had doubts and fears.

When Juanita Piquanto went in to wake Eduardo and his friend Pedro Sunday morning, she found they were gone without the beds being slept in.
Mama then went and woke Camilla and Rosalita, telling them, “You better get up or we’ll be late for Mass.”
When Mama went back to the living room, Camilla rolled over on her tummy and groaned, “I forgot that Mama would make me go to church.”
“Oh, so you’ve been racking up mortal sins by missing Mass,” smiled Rosalita.
“Well, that’s the least of my sins,” said Camilla.
Rosalita quickly pulled off the sheet and spanked Camilla hard on her panty-covered buns with a scolding, “Bad girl!”
“OW!” Yelled Camilla. “You’re gonna get it now!” Then the two of them started wrestling and laughing on the bed. Altho Rosalita was a little bigger, Camilla was stronger and soon got on top and pinned her. Then Camilla slowly let her saliva drool down on her sister’s face like she’d done when they were kids.
Rosalita struggled and shouted for her to quit but Camilla kept slobbering strings of spit until – “CAMILLA!" Mama yelled. “MALA NINA! Get off hermana, pronto.”
“She started it,” said Camilla, climbing off as Rosalita wiped her face with the sheet.
“I’m surprised at you two acting like brats,” said Mama. “Vamos, I’ve got more important things to worry about. Eddie is missing. He didn’t sleep here last night.”
“Maybe they went over to Pedro’s,” suggested Rosalita.
“No, I doubt it,” said Mama. “They wouldn’t have needed to sneak out if that’s what they were gonna do.”
The women then got ready for church. Rosalita lent Camilla a dress and they brushed each other’s hair. Rosalita helped Camilla put on some make-up to hide the purple lip left by her rapist.
They skipped breakfast so they’d all be able to take communion altho it was questionable whether Camilla’s soul was too stained with unrepented sins to accept the wafer in the proper state of grace. Finally all dressed, they walked to the bus stop and rode down the avenue to St. Francis Catholic Church.
The parishioners were all abuzz about the light and the vote from yesterday. They quieted down when Father Ricardo Ramirez and his altar boys came out and began Mass.
Mama kept her head down praying fervently for her boy Eduardo, but Camilla and Rosalita’s exchange of sly smiles revealed their lack of reverence. When it came time for the sermon, the old balding priest with black-rimmed glasses stood in the pulpit and took a couple of long deep breaths.
“Yesterday, as you know, there was a momentous event in the world,” began Father Ramirez. “I know many of you are excited about the vote and I hate to rain on your parade, but I must give you a warning. Early this morning I received word from the Bishop that the vote is not approved by His Holiness, the Pope.”
At this, many parishioners murmured in disappointment. Camilla and Rosalita glanced at each other and raised their eyebrows. Mama kept her gaze straight ahead.
“I know how good the vote sounded, believe me,” continued the priest. “And I, too, felt the beauty of the light. But let us not forget the guidance of Holy Mother Church. The Church has been there for us our whole lives. For our parents’ and grandparents’ lives – in fact, for 2,000 years the Church has been our rock-solid foundation, the one and only way to eternal salvation thru Jesus Christ Our Lord.”
Father Ramirez bowed his head for a moment to let that sink in.
“The apple that tempted Adam and Eve was sweet. We long for the sweetness of that light that surrounded us yesterday. But let us remember that the light of Jesus Christ lasts eternally. Christ’s light doesn’t fade away as happened with the light of these alien beings. I implore you now to put your faith in your Church and your Pope. Resist the ungodly allure of these space aliens to keep yourselves in the grace of God above. Bless you, my children.”
The priest went back to saying Mass and soon it was time for communion. When Mama and Rosalita stood to go up front, Camilla went, too, even tho she felt less inspired after the priest’s sermon.
After Mass, the three women went back home. Camilla and Rosalita were talking in the living room while Mama was making some brunch when there was a clatter at the door. Eduardo, bruised and bloody, stumbled in and collapsed on the couch almost on top of his sisters.
Mama came from the kitchen and screamed when she saw him. She held his face in her hands. “Baby, what happened, what happened?”
Eddie just shook his head and moaned. Rosalita went and got a cool wet washcloth to wipe his face, but he yelped when she tried to dab his cuts. He was holding his chest with one hand and his head with the other.
“We got to get him to the hospital,” said Camilla.
“No, no hospital,” said Eddie thru teeth clenched in pain.
But Rosalita called 911 and asked for an ambulance. About 45 minutes later, the paramedics came to the door and took Eddie down on a stretcher. Mama and his sisters rode along in the ambulance to the hospital.
Pedro’s mother, Carmen, was there in the emergency waiting room. Juanita had met her a few times before. Now the women sat and waited. Pedro had been taken up to surgery but they took care of Eddie in the E.R.
The doctor did some tests on Eduardo and bandaged him up. After a couple hours, the doctor came over to Mama.
“Your son has sustained a mild concussion,” he said. “He also has two broken ribs. We stitched up the gash on his chin. He needs to rest as much as possible for a couple weeks. You can take him home now.”
Mama called a cab to take them home. While they waited, another doctor came in and talked privately with Pedro’s mother. Suddenly, she let out an anguished wail, falling to her knees and sobbing.
Juanita went and put her arms around Carmen, whose face was buried in her hands, crying for her dead son. But Carmen was inconsolable.
A policeman came in and went over to Eddie. “Who did this to you?”
“Oh, I just tripped and fell,” said Eddie, looking away.
“That was your friend who got killed? Don’t you want them to get punished?”
Eddie didn’t answer.
“Tough guy, huh?” said the cop. “If you try to get revenge yourself, you’re gonna end up just like your friend.”
The cab came and Mama took Pedro’s mother along. When they got to Carmen’s house, Mama went up and stayed with her while Eddie, Camilla and Rosalita rode on home. The cabbie had been a friend of Juanita’s late husband and he wouldn’t charge them a fare, which was lucky because it would have left Mama broke.
Rosalita piled some pillows on her brother’s bed and Eddie laid his aching body down. “Que pasa, hermano?” asked Camilla.
Eddie just looked away. Camilla gently touched his face.
“Please tell me what happened, little brother,” she asked. When Eddie looked into her eyes, he started to cry. Then he told her.
“Me and Pedro were gonna buy some herb from these guys in the Brujos. We went down to this alley where the Brujos hang.
One of the Brujos said to show him the money. Pedro said, ‘Let’s see the weed.’
“The dude made like he was reaching behind but then he punched Pedro in the face. Pedro kicked him in the balls but then all the other Brujos jumped us. They got me down and they were kicking me in the head and stuff. I pretended I was knocked out and they went thru my pockets but they didn’t find the money ‘cause Pedro had it. They all went over to him. He was still fightin’ ‘em but they had a pipe and they started hittin’ him on the head with it. That’s when I got up and ran down the alley. I went and hid in this empty house.” Eddie started crying again. “I left him, man! I left him alone to get killed.”
“There wasn’t nothin’ you could do, Eddie,” said Camilla. “At least you saved yourself.”
“He’s my best bud,” said Eddie. “I shoulda helped him.”
Rosalita brought him a couple pills for the pain and Camilla held a cool washcloth to his head. After a while Eddie dozed off. Later, Mama got home after spending some time with Pedro’s mother. She looked in to see her sleeping son who looked so serene at that moment. She saw in his face a combination of boy and man, innocence and defiance. Her heart ached to know she couldn’t protect him from the crazy violence out there.
Mama went and sat in the living room with her daughters. “That vote can’t come too soon for me,” said Camilla.
“I’m not sure, now,” said Mama. “Father Ramirez said the Pope doesn’t want us to vote for the aliens.”
Camilla rolled her eyes. “Mama, you can’t always let the Church make decisions for you. Everybody gets to decide for themselves about this vote. That’s what the man said.”
“The Church is there to guide us, Camilla. I believe in it.”
“What has the Church done to stop people from killing each other, Mama?” asked Rosalita.
“It teaches us Thou Shalt Not Kill.”
“Yeah, but the Church can’t stop them,” Rosie pointed out.
“I think the space peoples’ plan can stop the killing because they’ll take away all the guns.”
“Men can still kill other ways. Pedro was beaten to death.”
“That’s true, Mama, but guns make it so easy for people to kill,” said Camilla. “It would be better if we got rid of them, wouldn’t it?”
“Si, sure. But I don’t know about the vote. I just don’t know.”
They didn’t get any closer to agreeing on the issue, tho they talked for hours. Meantime, Eddie slept well past supper.

Carolina Parker got up early to work on her flowerbeds while LaVon, Fred and Shazelle slept that Sunday morning. After she’d weeded and watered, Carolina came inside and called to them.
“Wake up, sleepyheads. I don’t want to be late for service.” They had a quick breakfast of biscuits and gravy, then they got dressed and walked to church.
Only five blocks down the street was the Soul Inspiration Baptist Church. It was a plain white building made of wood unlike other churches made of brick or stone, but the Soul Inspiration’s congregation was more staunch and solid than any stone structure.
The choir up front sang lively Gospel hymns as everyone came in and got seated. Then out walked Reverend Jeremiah Ryan, a burly black man with widely flared nostrils but gentle eyes.
“Brothers and sisters, I fear that I have failed you in my duties,” began Rev. Ryan. “I tossed and turned thru the night, praying to find the right counsel to give on the matter of the vote that was brought to our attention yesterday. Does this offer of help by people from another planet somehow fit with God’s plan for us? I’m sad to say I stand here today without an answer.”
He bowed his head briefly then looked out at his attentive flock. “So I’m going to ask for your ideas, if you’d be so kind. I’d like the Church elders to put their heads together and meditate on what our course of action should be. Would you elders be willing to meet and discuss the vote proposal?”
Shouts of assent rang out thru the church. Carolina Parker stood and went to the front.
“Rev. Ryan, we love you and you have not failed us.” 
Again, the congregants shouted agreement. 
“In fact, we appreciate your honesty and humility. I’ve been a member of this church for over 40 years and I can say this vote is the most momentous decision we have faced. Both sides should be weighed carefully. Let us elders meet here on Tuesday evening to consider a recommendation. Then we could discuss our views with the congregation at our regular Wednesday evening service.”
“Thank you, Mrs. Parker,” said Rev. Ryan. “That eases my mind a bit. I know that some of you folks have difficulty making it to our Wednesday service but for this one time, I urge you to try and attend. There may be word from our national leadership by then as well.
“But one thing I know, my brothers and sisters, we all must search our hearts and souls to find what we feel is true in our own lives and for the world as a whole. If we ask the Good Lord for guidance, then we can’t go wrong. I hope to see you all Wednesday evening. God bless you.”   
On the walk home, LaVon said, “Mom, I thought you were sure about the vote, but in church you sounded like you hadn’t decided.”
“I am sure for myself, baby,” replied Carolina. “But other people haven’t necessarily made up their minds and it’s important to respect their opinions and feelings. At times that means keeping your opinion to yourself for a while. That’s how we find common ground in the congregation. When the time is right, I will express my views.”
LaVon put her arm around her mother as they walked home. Back at Carolina’s house, Fred, LaVon and Shazelle went grocery shopping while Carolina took a nap on the couch.
Chapter 11


Sunday morning on New York City’s Madison Avenue is usually quiet, with few people except for occasional joggers or rollerbladers.
But this bright Sunday was different. Just before 7:00 a.m., a herd of chauffeured limousines pulled up to the advertising district’s most hallowed structure, the Euphemism Building. Emerging were a couple dozen men, mostly of old money, the capitalist titans who controlled America’s means of production and its cash supply.
They gathered here for an emergency meeting to deal with the prospect of the Lumans’ vote. Taking elevators up to the 33rd floor, the men filed into a boardroom and sat down around a huge oak table.
There were the heads of the major oil companies: Slandered Oil, Hexxon-Mogil, Shill, Kill-Muggee and Brutish Petroleum; the chief executive officers from General Mortars, Fraud and Christslur; chemical concocters Ruinem Carbide and Phew Font; and moneychangers from Chafe an’ Fatten, CityCorpse, and First National Bank Distrust.
“You know why we’re here,” said Wonder Persent. (His parents considered him a wonder because they'd been told they couldn't have children) “I think we all have a sense that this alien thing could ruin us. I’m glad we’ve wasted no time in meeting with each other since we have less than one week to launch the biggest public relations campaign the world has ever seen.
“That’s why we’re meeting here on Madison Avenue. There is no force more effective to influence public opinion than the advertising agencies on these few blocks. We’ll need every bit of their expertise to defeat this sinister attempt by the aliens to meddle in our world.”
“Yes, and ‘world’ is the key word,” chimed in another banker. “We must broadcast our message in every language, all over the globe.”
“What makes you so sure the situation’s that bad?” asked a chemical guy. “After all, most people in the world are too poor and timid to mount an insurrection.”
“Don’t you get it, Stinky?” said the chairman. “They don’t have to mount an insurrection any more. All they have to do vote for the aliens’ plan and presto! We’ll all be working in the beanfields on some farm collective.”
“Right, it’s like a communist takeover of the world,” said a former car exec. “That’s what we must get across to people all over the planet, because they’ll be wary of letting that happen.”
“Good idea, and thanks for coming out of retirement to be here.”
“Well, my stocks aren’t retired.” 
That drew laughs around the table.
“We’re going to need good ideas from everyone,” said the chairman. “Let’s work together and maybe we can save our world and our family fortunes, too. “I’ve asked some of the public relations experts to meet with us in groups of four or five so that we can hash out ideas and formulate our strategies. One thing to keep in mind is that we must be willing to spend a lot of money on this campaign. But if you weigh that against the danger of losing everything, it seems like a wise investment. Now, let’s get with our small groups for the remainder of the morning and then meet back here after lunch.”

Also on Sunday morning, United States President Lyall Wicker called his cabinet and congressional leaders to meet in the White House.
“I appreciate you all coming on such short notice,” said President Wicker. “I’d like to get everyone’s views on how best to deal with this alien situation.”
“Mr. President, I don’t think very many people will take them seriously,” began House of Reprehensibles Perjority Leader Ashford Whipley. “I mean, hearing that alien President Ravin’ On And On, or whatever his name was, spouting that old liberal claptrap just isn’t going to wash with normal Americans.”
“I disagree,” said the President. "You Repugnicans would do well to figure out what people want without waiting for the polls this time. And I think people are tired of violence and the destruction of our environment.”
“No, Mr. President,” argued the Perjority Leader. “Only the wacko liberal tree-huggers will go for their plan. But I think you should put the Strategic Air Command on alert in case we need to repel these aliens by force. I would advise you to use every means necessary, including nuclear weapons, to protect America and the entire world.”
“Speaking of the world, we need to consider how other countries will react to this,” said the Secretary of State. “Even if the conservatives are right about how Americans will respond, there are many countries where the people are so bad off they might vote for the aliens just out of desperation.”
“That’s why we gotta blow ‘em out of the sky, pronto,” urged Whipley. “We can’t let some new-age communists take over the world just ‘cause a bunch of cow-worshippers fall for it.”
The President turned to his Secretary of the Treasury. “Dow, beyond the security and military issues, what do you see as the economic effects of this alien plan, should they get their two-thirds majority?”
“Number one, Mr. President, you can count on the stock market taking the biggest dive ever,” said Jonas Dow. “In fact, every market in the world will crash and burn like a Ford Pinto rear-ended by a truck. So stockholders will lose a fortune and that includes institutional investors like pension funds.
“Number two, from the sound of the aliens’ plan, they will dismantle the world’s economic systems and replace them with their own. What their system will turn out to be is anybody’s guess but I think we can bank on the space people relieving the burden of wealth from the multi-national conglomerates, including all your big campaign contributors.”
“I can see that we have a grave crisis indeed,” said President Wicker. “Mr. Defense Secretary, what’s your view on this?”
The Defense Secretary stood up. “Mr. President, I thought long and hard thru the night on this vital issue and found I could best express my views in verse. Allow me.
“On Earth we face a fateful choice, 
Give up guns for a promised peace? 
This dream may cause some to rejoice, 
But I fear the price of space police.
The Lumans ask our total trust, 
But we’d soon be left defenseless. 
Protect America, we can and must – 
To surrender arms is senseless.”
“Well put, Mr. Secretary,” said the President. “But one thing that worries me is that we might seem unresponsive to the public about the bad state of affairs that brought all this on if we reject the Lumans’ proposal without presenting positive plans of our own.”
“Mr. President, why don’t we introduce initiatives in Congress this week that address those very concerns?” asked the Sinat Majority Leader “We could show we’re interested in peace and justice. Dress up the bills pretty as you please, it makes no never-mind ‘cause when this alien nuisance blows over, those bills can conveniently croak in committees.”
“Yes, that’s good, Sinator,” said President Wicker. “I know you specialize in killing by committee, but I was hoping for something the public could feel more viscerally. We can announce those bills but I wonder if people outside the Beltway might see them as more empty promises.”
“How about free childcare and decent jobs for mothers trying to get off welfare?” asked the Secretary of Health and Human Services. “Let’s raise minimum wage by three dollars an hour, and we could provide free job training at those shut-down army camps.”
“Those are very good ideas, Madam Secretary,” said the president.
“Yes, sir. What better time to give a hand up to the little people? You’ve given the big shots lots of tax breaks and easy rules for their mergers. Now you could show you’re a man of the people by earning the trust of the poor.”
“Hmmm, A Man of the People. I like the ring of that,” said President Wicker.
“This sounds like old liberal Demuckrat ways she means, interjected Perjority Leader Whipley. “And it won’t get past Repugnican Ways and Means. Anyway, I thought you were a corporate man, Mr. President, not some old-school, bleeding-heart enemy of businessmen.”
“All things to all people, I hope.” replied President Wicker. “You still don’t understand and that’s why you’ll never be president.”
“Mr. President, why in Heaven’s name would you bankrupt businesses and ruin the economy by raising the minimum wage?” asked the Sinator. “It sounds like election year grandstanding.”
“It’s an election WEEK, Sinator,” pointed out the President.
“And that tired old argument about ruining businesses is just a cover for being too cheap to share the profits with workers.
“Ladies and gentlemen, I think that about covers it. I thank you all for your insights on this vital issue. Tonight I will address the nation. Please keep me in your prayers for guidance from God as I advise America in this critical decision.”

Back on New York’s Madison Avenue, the old rich white men re-convened after lunch. The chairman rose to speak.
“I hope your meetings this mornings were productive,” said Won Persent. “To help with our campaign, I’ve invited a couple of experts in to share their thoughts about our task at hand. First let me introduce one of the world’s foremost forces in marketing, Anyatall Commodytese.”
“Thank you. Mr. Chairman,” said the marketer. “The first rule of marketing is get your product in front of the buyer. The aliens know this. They got their plan into the heads of everybody in the world at once. We must use more conventional means. Still, we have vast networks of television and radio to reach the world’s people – if you’re willing to spend the money.”
The old rich white men around the table nodded their heads in approval. Commodytese continued his consultation.
“Very wise. Your resolve almost makes me wish I were a true American. Back in my country, we understand that it makes no difference what you’re selling, it makes no difference what effects may result from it. All that matters is moving the product and making a profit. The fortunes you inherited were earned with such a can-do attitude.
“This economic reality is perfectly illustrated by the opium trade which has supported my countrymen for centuries. Whether it’s poppies or politics you proffer, you purchase the persuasion of people. We can conduct a campaign castigating these constellation carpetbaggers as communists, but cold cash is clearly the key to capture converts. To win friends and influence people, Dale Carnegie’s courtesy doesn’t cut it like Andrew Carnegie’s cutthroat capitalism.”
A carmaker raised his hand. “It seems to me that our side is already in the hole psychologically to these deep-space doomsday dreamers. They painted everything so bleak that now we’ve got to undo that tainted image of the world or people will approve their pipe-dream. What’s your design for decreasing our deficit?”
“We’ll present a positive picture of the planet’s position. While the aliens paint predicament, we’ll portray progress. And we must remind folks of the unknown, unreliable nature of these space people. But again, words are cheap in this debate. I use words in my line of business all the time, so I know their limitations. To the poor who are short of soup and shelter, words will mean nothing compared to the comfort of the light. Since the aliens have this magical light, the masses may accept them as nurturers of natural needs.”
“Well then, what do you suggest we do on a more practical level to secure their support?” asked the chairman.
“That’s my partner’s specialty,” said Commodytese. “Here to present her plan is Francesca Fabrikayshen.”
“Thank you, Anyatall,” said the tall, slim dark-haired Fabrikashen. “Good day, gentlemen. In my opinion, getting women on your side will be the challenge for you. Males, more than females, are fond of firearms and men have more money and power than women in most countries. So men have more to protect by maintaining the status quo and less to gain in an aliens’ new world order. But for many women, some relief from the world situation would be welcome. Therefore, you must show women the perils of the plan. You need a specific strategy targeted to women, warning about those who would cheat and keep guns after the alien takeover. Whether it’s common criminals or ethnic enemies that pose a threat, you better make women believe their families would be in danger. The fear factor could be fueled by faithful fantasies, like paternal protection propaganda.”
“Yes, we use similar fears to sell our cars,” said the car guy. “But what about the practical plan the chairman mentioned?”
“Patience, gentlemen,” replied Francesca. “I’m getting to that. If you want people to think things are okay, then you’ve got to give them some big breaks. Save them a lot of money on things they need the most like food, clothing and medicine.
"That’s a high cost you’ll have to absorb but think of the impression you’ll make by selling groceries for half off and financing free health care for the poor. During this week, I recommend you act the altruistic liberal, no matter how that goes against your groin.”
A groan came out of the old capitalists. “How do we know this crap will actually work to defeat the space people?” asked Stinky.
“You don’t,” answered Ms. Fabrikashen. “If you’ve got a better idea, use it. I’m just telling you what I know about people.
"It’s my business to know what they want and what they need, not just how to sell them cereal or cigarettes.”
The men around the table muttered under their breaths but soon placed their attention back on Ms. Fabrikashen.
“Now then, I’ll get back to earning my $500,000 consulting fee for today. Don’t overlook the children. Kids will be voting, so make efforts to please them as well. Toys and treats are fine, but first make sure they have food, clothes and schoolbooks.
“Let me throw out a mental challenge to you. Try to imagine living without shelter, safety or sustenance. You can’t picture it, can you? But that’s what one out of five people in the world face every day of their lives. There are many more who are almost as deprived. I know because that’s how I grew up in Albania. I’m one of the lucky ones who got away and made a decent life. All these people will likely vote for the aliens’ plan, but you can’t afford to write them off because they’re a high percentage of the population.
“So that brings me to my final suggestion: a massive cash giveaway. You might think I’m completely nuts but try again to visualize a life without hope. If poor families were to receive a gift of $100, it could mean the survival of starving children. It could also be the start of a self-supporting life.”
“You’re right,” said Stinky. “You’re completely nuts!”
“Wait a minute, Stinky, she may have something there,” said the Chairman. “Ms. Fabrikashen, altho it sounds abhorrent to give away our money, the truth is, it was given to us to begin with. In fact, we already dole out vast sums thru our foundations, altho often that’s just to avoid paying even more in taxes. But this practice of giving away money to the poor has a precedent in the management of our families’ wealth. Furthermore, I believe our patriarchs would have preferred parsing out streams to the starving rather than have the entire reservoir run out.”
“Just so, Mr. Chairman,” replied Ms. Fabrikashen. “I would be happy to assist the group with further consultations on any of the angles we have discussed here today. Thank you, gentlemen, for your respectful attention.”
“I believe that concludes our business as well,” said the chairman. “Tomorrow, I head to Europe for a similar session with the leading families there. I have room on my private jet for any of you who might want to come along. I should warn you that accompanying me will be some of the unruly ‘new money’ mavericks. Regardless of that, I think we see the seriousness of the situation, so let’s get our best people on the case right away. Stay in touch and let’s work together for the good of us all. Thank you and good luck!”

The late afternoon sun sparkled on the White House as President Wicker sat at his desk deep in thought. Spread out before him were the scribbled notes he was using to prepare the speech he would give to the nation that night. Spin Freeley and a couple of young wonks sat across the room whispering excitedly as they spun out phrases for the President to say.
After a while, the President waved his hand and told them to leave their notes on the desk and he’d take it from here. When they left, in walked the First Lady, Wanda Wicker, who stood by her husband’s chair. Then she put her arm around his shoulders and gave him a kiss on the forehead.
“How’s the speech coming, dear?” she asked.
“Not that well really,” replied the President. “I have to admit I’m not sure how to tell America not to go for this offer by the aliens.”
Wanda sat against the edge of the desk, a reflected sun ray highlighting the auburn in her brown hair. Her face was focused on him, the strong jaw and apple cheeks, and above them her deep green eyes looked sympathetically at her husband’s exasperated face. Lyall Wicker looked back at her for the emotional support he’d counted on so many times before.
“Have you decided to decline the aliens’ offer?” asked Wanda.
“Well, pretty much, yes,” said the President. “I just don’t feel comfortable turning over the whole world to them, no matter how well-intentioned they may be. That few minutes with the light was truly stunning but…you know it’d be like suddenly getting married after having a hot one-night st—”
“That’s not a prudent analogy,” Wanda interrupted.
“Yes, you’re right, darling, as usual. Anyway, I’m concerned that many people might jump at this as a chance to solve all the world’s problems like some messiah come to save us, and I just don’t think it’s that simple.”
Wanda took a deep breath and let it out slowly. She wrapped her hands around his and squeezed. “Lyall, what about withholding judgement in your speech tonight? We still have the rest of the week to consider the options. I think many people are confused right now and it’s no disgrace to count ourselves among them. I think people would understand if you let them know that you’re delaying a decision while governmental leaders take a little time to contemplate the situation – and perhaps to pursue other options with the aliens.”
The President gazed into his wife’s eyes and knew she had the right idea. He nodded and gave her a hug. She left him alone then to compose his speech.
That evening President Wicker went on network television to tell Americans his thoughts about the space aliens and their offer to the world’s people. Viewership was the highest it had been for a presidential speech in decades. He was unusually humble and candid in revealing his own mixed feelings on the issue. And he only mentioned America’s children 17 times.

Up above the Earth in the bowels of the Rank Mother Ship, Dank Van Rank, that oddball painter and black sheep of the Rankor ruling family, left his cluttered little quarters for the first time on the trip and quietly took off in a buzzbug. He flew in darkness without lights but using the bug’s advanced radar.
The one Earth language he’d attempted to learn was French because he liked the sound of it. And he’d once obtained some French money from a former Rankor agent stationed on Earth. So Dank headed to the countryside a few miles beyond the vast suburbs of Paris, France. Concealing his bug as best he could behind some trees, the goateed alien got out his small motorcycle and drove into the city of lights. He’d always wanted to see the Louvre.
Finding the museum closed, the alien artist wandered around looking at the city awhile, then sat down at an outdoor cafe. As he drank espresso, his eye caught a young woman busily sketching on a pad at her table. She glanced up occasionally to look at an old church across the street, then she’d continue her drawing.
The slim, young Earthling captivated the space visitor. Above her pale face, dark hair fell across one eye as she worked, and when she looked up, her lips pursed in concentration. Her dark eyes didn’t notice him but he watched them gleam in the streetlights.
As a longtime bachelor, Dank Van Rank had engaged in a few trysts, but it had been a long time since he’d felt smitten with just a look at someone from afar. He rose from his seat and casually walked by her table, taking a glance at her sketch. “You draw very well,” he said in broken French.
She looked up distractedly at the disheveled older man beside her. “Merci,” she replied and went back to her drawing. “I’m a painter, too. This is my first visit to Paris,” said Dank.
“I wonder if you would possibly consider being my guide to the artistic sites of the city.”
The young woman looked up at him and said, “I’m sorry but I’m busy and, besides, I don’t really want to be a guide.”
Dank started to walk away but then turned around and blurted out, “I’ll give you a ride on my motorcycle for your trouble.”
She raised her head, exasperated. But looking into his eyes she saw a bit of rebel spirit in this old beatnik, and she felt some depth in his gaze. Her semblance softened slightly.
“Maybe I will show you around Paris,” she said. “Be here about 9 o’clock in the morning. I’m not promising but it’s a possibility. And take a bath first,” she said holding her nose.
Dank thanked her and drove off on his motorcycle back to his buzzbug. For the first time in ages a smile crossed his lips.
Chapter 12


Donna and Fairly Middlin dropped the kids off with friends and took off in her car early Sunday afternoon. They rented a trailer to bring back Donna’s stuff. On the 4-hour trip each of them poured out their hearts about the pain and loneliness they’d felt since the divorce. This was unlike the last couple years of their marriage when communication between them had been short and strained.
The couple arrived at Donna’s apartment feeling their compatibility renewed. But inside, as they started to gather and box things up, Donna’s face suddenly grew apprehensive. She turned away from Fairly, but he noticed and went to her.
“I’m worried,” Donna said. “We’re getting along right now but what if we fall into the same old patterns? It would be really hard on the kids if we broke up again.”
“That’s not going to happen this time,” said Fairly. He moved closer and gathered her into his arms. “It was my fault before, and I’ve changed. I stopped drinking and now I realize that you and the kids are more important to me than anything in the world.”
She looked at him with expectant vulnerability on her face.
Fairly kissed her tenderly on the cheek. He wanted to cover her face with kisses. They enveloped each other in a deep embrace. Then Donna pressed her lips to his in a soft kiss. Soon the kiss grew harder as they fell to the bed and made hungry, passionate love.
Afterwards, they lay floating as if on a cloud. Following a short nap cuddled together, they loaded the kids’ and Donna’s stuff and headed back to the home they would share again as a family.
When they got back, the kids were excited to bring all the stuff into the house. They spent the evening unpacking and arranging things. Everybody worked hard to make the house look nice, so they were all tired and went to bed before it got too late. It didn’t occur to them to turn on the television so they missed the President’s speech.
Late in the evening, the phone rang.
“Hello, Fairly? It’s Tad.” Fairly hadn’t communicated with Tad in quite a while, since about the time of his divorce. “Hi, Tad. How ya doin’?”
“Pretty good. I wanted to ask you something, Fairly”. 
“Sure, go ahead.”
“Did you hear the man talking about the vote yesterday? Did you see that light?”
“Yes, I did,” said Fairly. “Pretty amazing, wasn’t it?”
“Yeah, it was,” said Tad. “But do you think this whole thing could be some kind of a hoax? It almost seems too good to be true.”
“I’m really not sure. It’s very idealistic, but I’m not sure if it’s realistic. I guess we’ll have the rest of the week to decide. But how are things going for you, Tad?”
“Well, my job’s pretty good. The money’s better since the restaurant made me manager, but there’s more headaches now, too. It’s hard to keep good help and juggle everybody’s schedules.”
“Yeah, I know how that goes. But it sounds like you’re moving up. Any luck in the girlfriend department?”
Tad hesitated. “Fairly, I might as well just come out with it. I’m gay.”
Fairly was taken aback. “You’re kidding!”
“No, I’m not kidding. This is who I am. And as a matter of fact, I do have a relationship. Chuck and I have been living together for nearly three years.”
“Wow, this is a shock,” said Fairly. “How long have you…”
“Been gay? Tad finished. “I’ve known ever since I was 12 years old. You’d already gone to college by then. In high school, I acted straight just to please Mom and Dad. I went out with girls, even had sex with them a few times. But it didn’t do much for me. Later at college I discovered that this is what I am, like it or not.”
“Did Mom and Dad know?” asked Fairly.
“I never told them but I think they suspected. Anyway, I’m not concealing it any more. I’m out of the closet!” Tad said with a nervous laugh.
Fairly, a bit uncomfortable with this revelation, gingerly changed the subject. “Well, I’ve got some news myself. Donna and I have gotten back together.”
“That’s great, Fairly!” said Tad.
“Thanks. Look, I’ve gotta get up early. I’ll see ya later, okay?”
“Okay,” said Tad, “see you later.”

Late on that hot Sunday afternoon, the big white car that had followed Fred, LaVon and Shazelle from the police station the day before, pulled up slowly and stopped across the street from Carolina Parker’s house. The two black men got out and went up on the porch and then went straight inside without knocking.
Carolina was taking a nap on the couch when one of the men walked up and kicked her in the stomach.
“Where’s Shazelle?” he demanded. Carolina, groggy and reeling from the kick, just shook her head.
The other man went prowling thru the house looking for the little girl. He came back into the living room a minute later.
“Nobody there,” he said.
Carolina, gathering her wits now, told them, “It’s just me. They’ve gone out of town.” As she said it, she recognized one of the men as Shazelle’s biological father, Radney Sweet.
The other man, Kallis Drekk, moved menacingly toward her. “Don’t lie to me, bitch. We know they’re staying here. Now where the hell are they?”
“I told you, they’ve gone—”
Drekk smashed her in the side of her head with the butt of his pistol. It opened a gash and she started bleeding profusely. She screamed and put her hands to the wound just as he raked her across the face, backhanded this time. The blow landed across her right eye and knocked her to the floor unconscious. She lay in a twisted heap between the couch and coffee table, bleeding silently.
Radney and Kallis nodded to each other. They turned on the television and sat down.
About 20 minutes later, Fred, LaVon and Shazelle came in carrying groceries. They were met by the two men pointing guns at them. That’s when they saw Carolina slumped on the floor by the couch, her face covered with blood. LaVon screamed and ran over to her mother.
The men ordered them to sit on the floor. LaVon ignored them and tried to rouse her unconscious mom. Her ex-boyfriend grabbed her by the back of the collar and threw her down.
“Radney, what’s wrong with you? Are you crazy?!” she cried.
“SHUT YOUR MOUTH, BITCH!”
Shazelle looked up at her father, the first time she’d seen him in a couple of years. “Daddy, why are you hurting us?”
He grabbed her around the waist with one arm and lifted her off the floor.
“You’re coming with me,” he said.
LaVon screamed and started to get up but Kallis Drekk hit her, knocking her flat on the floor. Fred got up and tackled Drekk, but Sweet came up behind and pistol-whipped Fred, knocking him out and opening a gash on the back of his head.
The two intruders then backed out of the house, Sweet dragging Shazelle by the arm. “Don’t call the cops if you want her to live,” he threatened.
Soon as they were out, LaVon picked up the phone to call an ambulance but she found that they had cut the cord of Carolina's landline. She rushed to her purse for her cell phone.
Fred came to and in a little while the paramedics arrived, followed by the police. LaVon refused to answer their questions, then she rode in the ambulance with Fred and her Mom.
Fred got 8 stitches in his head but they didn’t need to keep him in the hospital. Carolina had lost a lot of blood. They took her up to surgery and worked on her eye.
LaVon and Fred sat anxiously in the waiting room. While they were there, Detective Williams came in.
“YOU’VE GOT TO GET MY LITTLE GIRL BACK!” shouted LaVon.
“We’ll do everything we can,” replied the detective calmly. “I understand it was your ex-boyfriend who took her. Do you know where we might look for him?”
“No, I heard he’s hangin’ with a gang but I don’t know them. I hadn’t seen him for a couple years until today.”
“Okay, well, we’ve got our hostage team on the case and they’re very good. In the meantime, try to remember anything you can that would help us find them.”
A doctor came into the waiting room. “Ms. Parker, your mother will live, but she has lost the sight in her right eye. We tried to save it but there was too much damage. I’m sorry.”
LaVon caught her breath in shock. “Will she need to stay in the hospital long?”
“At least a few days,” said the doctor. “She’s lost a lot of blood. We’re transfusing her now but we want to keep an eye on her wounds and make sure she regains her strength.”
“Can I see her now?”
“She’s still out from the surgery. We’ll come get you when she wakes up.”
After a while a nurse came back and said that Carolina was awake. Fred and LaVon went in and saw the large bandages on her head and eye.
“Where’s Shazelle?” asked Carolina.
LaVon bit her lip and looked away. Fred said, “Those gangsters took her. The police are looking for them.”
“Good Lord,” said Carolina. “Good Lord, protect her!”

At the Piquanto’s apartment, Camilla was getting ready to go back to her own place. Mama came and held her face in her hands.
“Baby, would you try to talk to Eddie before you go? He’s always looked up to you. I’m so worried about him tryin’ to get revenge for Pedro.”
Camilla went and knocked at Eddie’s room. No response. She cracked open the door and saw him sitting on his bed leaning against the wall.
“I’m going back home so I just wanted to say good-bye,” she said.
“Good-bye,” he said, not looking at her.
She went over and sat on the edge of the bed. For a long minute there was silence.
“Eddie, it doesn’t do any good to try getting back at those gang guys. You’ll only get hurt worse yourself or end up in jail.”
“I don’t care,” said Eddie.
“Do you care about Mama and me and Rosalita? It would break our hearts if you got killed or sent to jail for killing anyone.”
Eddie stared right past her for a minute. “You don’t know what it’s like. I got to be a man and get back at them.”
“I don’t know what it’s like?” said Camilla. “Do you see this cut on my lip? Did you know I got raped the other night?”
For the first time, Eddie looked at her. He shook his head. “Eddie, do you remember when Papa got shot? I wanted to kill the guy who did it. But Mama told me to just trust in God.”
“That’s a bunch of shit,” said Eddie. “God doesn’t do anything.”
“Hey hermano, you know that thing with the light and the vote yesterday? Maybe that’s a chance for a better life for all of us. Don’t you think so?”
“I don’t know. Maybe.”
She picked up his hand in hers, looked in his eyes and said, “I’m not sure either. But let’s give it a chance. You can’t get your life back when it’s gone. We don’t want to lose you like we lost Papa. Will you think about it for me?”
Eddie looked away from her. “I’ll think about it,” he said quietly.
Camilla hugged him and kissed his cheek. Then she left and went back to her own place.
Chapter 13


Slender sleeves of sun slotted thru the thatch of verdant vegetation as the Amazon Council commenced. Each species of plant and animal, every bug, bird and bacteria on Earth was represented in body or spirit at this assembly. Here they would consider ways to express their wishes to the humans regarding the upcoming vote.
The mighty mahogany addressed the throng. “Welcome to the Amazon!” exclaimed the tree. “As you know, we’ve long been distressed by the humans’ impact on the Earth, whether they’re killing off species or poisoning the air and water. Now the humans are presented with a chance to change their ways in the vote offered by the Lumans. Let us meditate for a moment in unison to prepare for our purpose of persuading people to accept this invitation to enlightenment.”
A deep silence filled the air. Then slowly a low hum began. As the hum built, an aura formed over the huge gathering. Light of many colors brightened the shady forest floor.
The hum grew stronger till it was a palpable vibration – felt as much as heard. The light brightened so it was nearly all that could be seen, pumping the participants with peace.
As the meditation ended, gradually the light started to fade and the hum softened. As all the species came down from their bliss, the focus changed to discussing the situation with the humans.
The dolphin spoke up. “We know there are many humans who love and respect us. They want a deeper kinship with the rest of nature.”
“Yeah, as long as you do tricks for their entertainment,” said the cow. “But they ignore our screams in the slaughterhouse. What makes you think the humans will stop their mayhem when all they want to do is pig out on us?”
“I resent that remark!” said the pig. “It takes a lot of food to maintain my naturally full figure. But I agree it will take a huge change of heart for the humans to see the horror of their ways.”
“Wait a minute, we all eat each other,” said the tiger. “You can’t blame the humans for it. That’s the way of the world. I think we’re more concerned with balance and bio-diversity here. For instance, the humans have nearly wiped out tigers just for the market value based on strange superstitions purporting power from our parts.”
“Yes, their stories and customs are a problem,” agreed the garden snake. “My species has suffered from an undeserved dishonor going back to their story of creation where the serpent tempts the human into forsaking paradise.”
“The humans told false stories about my kind, too,” said the wolf. “But to be fair, the serpent saga is only one creation story among many the humans have. Some of their stories revere and honor animals.”
“Maybe their stories do, but their actions have harmed a great many of us,” said a large hooved spirit. “I am a type of zebra called quagga. And we are extinct.”
A hush swept over the crowd as the quagga continued. “The humans hunted us for ‘sport’ until we were all killed off. I know our souls will inhabit another form someday, but the life we evolved, to graze and run the plains, is gone. Beware, you living beings, to be sure you survive.”
Next was the blue whale. “We are endangered also. We have been hunted down to a small number with little thanks or respect. It’s normal for one creature to kill another to eat, but humans kill until a whole species is spent.”
“My, my, aren’t we full of gloom-and-doom here,” said the cockroach. “You just got to adapt to the humans and you’ll get along. Look at us, we’ve been around 300 million years.”
“That’s easy if you’re a small hard-body scavenger,” said the bald eagle. “Many of us don’t have an advantage like that as we get preyed on for our feathers, flesh or fur. Plus, you roaches benefit from the filthy nests a lot of humans occupy.”
“And we’re not the only ones getting abused,” said the gorilla. “They abuse each other, too. A few human alpha males control their whole food and fuel supply. They don’t share much of the bounty with their own, so most of the humans get lorded over, too.”
“That’s right,” said the black labrador dog. “As humans’ closest friends, we dogs are glad they have this opportunity to better themselves. We have long cooperated with them in our living arrangements, so we know that most humans are basically good-hearted, even if they seem oblivious to the damage they cause.”
“But the humans are very entrenched in their living habits,” said the ant. “The Lumans’ plan calls for abandoning many of their social systems in favor of unfamiliar ones. I don’t think we ants would be able to do that.”
“Ants wouldn’t need to alter their lifestyle because they’re not wrecking the planet for the rest of us,” said the beaver. “We radically change the environment with dams, but it benefits many other forms of life when we create ponds and wetlands. How can we get humans to see that their “developments” just destroy life?”
“It’ll be tough because they don’t seem to remember universal language,” remarked the philodendren. “Still, many humans pick up messages sent by their plants and pets. We could concentrate on communicating to them this week about the vote.”
“Yes, and we could give them signs, too,” offered the dove. “Right now many humans are doing some soul-searching as they face this momentous decision. Just showing ourselves to them can sometimes mean a lot, such as the symbolic meaning of peace they’ve assigned to us doves.”
“We could come out of the woods and show ourselves to the city folks,” suggested the deer. “They always point and smile when they see us, even if it’s only as they rush by in their stink bombs.”
“Sounds risky,” warned the coyote. “We’ve learned to avoid their stone trails where those stink bombs go ‘cause they might run you over.”
“Sure, any contact with humans has risk,” said the butterfly. “But shouldn’t we chance it now for a little while, so we could all be a lot better off in the long run?”
Then the mahogany tree waved its branches over the gathering. “Everybody, I’d like to introduce to you the Lumans’ Nature Advocate. Although she is a human, she speaks universal language and has shape-changing capability. She’ll act as intermediary in any contacts we need to make with the humans. Here is Sandy Loam.”
There was a roar from the crowd and an outpouring of a paws.
“Thank you, it’s thrilling to be here and see such magnificent diversity of life,” said the Luman woman. “Your determination to persuade the humans to accept our offer is inspiring. This may be a very hard week, but please believe that Earth’s humans can find harmony with your world like my people did on our own planet of Lumaria. There are now Lumans spreading out around the Earth to help. Contact us any time on the Innernet and we’ll do everything we can to help. Peace.”
With that, she turned herself into a huge dragonfly with a wingspan of several feet, resplendent in electric blue, and zoomed around the crowd.
“Thank you, Sandy,” said the parakeet. “My species has been used by humans to warn them when the air was exhausted in coal mines. Now again we must show them that their way of life is dooming other species. How better to do that than with a song? Let’s end our council by making a joyful noise. Everyone, please sing your own song now and let all our voices join together, here and all around the world.”
Then all the insects and animals, and even the plants, every living thing made its own buzz or bleat or bark in its own pitch, on its own wavelength, until there arose a mighty cacophony that was the busiest orchestra the world has ever known. And as all their voices vibrated their breaths, somehow it harmonized in a wild and wonderful way.
Thus the message went out psychically to all the members of every species on Earth thru their representatives at the Council. So around the world, all the species of plants and animals sang their songs at once. It created such a buzz that many humans took notice. Some humans heard it in flocks of birds calling together by the thousands, some heard all the dogs barking and howling at once. Others just felt it in the rustling trees and whispering grass.
The humans didn’t know what to make of this commotion but many realized that something very unusual was going on.
Chapter 14


After almost 48 hours in Iranian jail cells, Rank Admiral Cornell Aufello and Ensign Floyd Frazier were led handcuffed into an interrogation room. Several men in long black robes were seated waiting for them. The men in black held their noses at the stench of the prisoners.
“Why did you come to Iran? What do you want with us?” asked one of the Iranians, first in Farsi, then again in English.
Admiral Aufello and Ensign Frazier shook their heads in bewilderment at these languages. The Iranian soldiers had confiscated their lingualators, those calculators programmed to interpret all of Earth’s languages.
“Are you working for the Great Satan, the United States?” the Iranian demanded.
The Rank aliens just shrugged their shoulders, not able to understand a word they were hearing. Then Admiral Aufello motioned with his head toward his hands still bound behind his back. The Iranians conferred with each other and decided they would release his hands. Two guards came over, one to release the handcuffs, they other to train a gun on the Admiral. Upon getting use of his hands, Admiral Aufello gestured as if operating keys on a calculator. Again, the Iranians huddled.
A few minutes later, the lingualator was returned to Admiral Aufello. He spoke words into the device, which translated and spoke them out loud in Farsi.
“Hello. We are from the planet Rankor. I am Admiral Aufello and this is Ensign Frazier. We mean you no harm. In fact, we wish to form an alliance with you against the communist takeover by the Lumans, those aliens you heard offer the world a vote.”
Now the Iranians all drew together in a tight circle, whispering excitedly. Then the one who seemed to be in charge replied, “I am Mustafa Veilsongals. Why do you wish to be our ally in the campaign against the vote?”
“You have noticed our odor. We need a steady supply of perfume to tolerate our own smell. The Earth has abundant flowers to make this perfume. And in return, we can offer you assistance in turning public opinion against the vote, and we also have very advanced weaponry such as our laser blazers.”
The Iranians suddenly acted a lot friendlier. Admiral Aufello and Ensign Frazier were both taken to the Presidential Palace where they were given rooms to bathe themselves and plenty of perfume. Then they were treated to a feast.
After being fed and refreshed, the aliens went to meet with Iranian President Rashun Durbeerd. There, they discussed how the Ranks and Iranians could mutually benefit from a pact.
The two sides soon came to an understanding. Admiral Aufello and Ensign Frazier then went to their buzzbug and returned with several crates of weapons and a barrel of lovedust.
The Iranians fondled the blazers lasciviously and practiced vaporizing various objects around the palace halls. But they looked mystified at the barrel of lovedust, even after Admiral Aufello explained what it does. Finally they convinced a little guy named Myquee to try some.
They all laughed at Myquee’s befuddled look as Ensign Frazier tossed the white powder into his face. A minute later it was Myquee’s turn to laugh as he took on the bliss of a little boy with a brand new toy. Soon Myquee was dancing gleefully around the room, tho there wasn’t any music.
One of the Iranian cabinet ministers then walked over to the barrel, grabbed a handful of lovedust and sniffed it. He soon was smiling and encouraging the others to try it. One by one the ministers indulged in the lovedust until they were giggling like schoolgirls, prancing about on the marble floor. Lifting the hems of their robes to their thighs, these dervishes on dope danced in delirious delight.
All except for President Rashun Durbeerd, who chose to maintain his decorum. Upon observing his stoic ministers engaged in such friviolity at the sniff of some dust, he understood the value of this substance in pacifying possibly discontent masses.
The Iranian President saw to it that Admiral Aufello got all the perfume his ship could carry. Then the admiral and his ensign zoomed back to the Rank mothership to stash their haul and re-load supplies.
Their next destination: Indonesia.

Dank Van Rank showed up at that Paris cafe the next morning like the young French woman had told him. He had showered in his buzz bug and applied plenty of cologne, so he was relatively fit for human companionship – a situation rare to him.
Dank waited expectantly, looking out from his table to the street for her. The time dragged on, 9:30 then 10:00 o’clock. By about 10:30 it was clear to him that she wasn’t going to show up, so he paid his check, walked over and mounted his motorcycle.
“Leaving so soon?” asked a voice behind him. He turned to see her with the slightest smile on her lips. “Still want a tour?”
He looked at her baggy sweatshirt and tight black stretch pants, hair blowing in her face and a mischievous glint in her dark eyes. He nodded, feeling taken with her again.
“My name is Anna,” she said swinging onto the cycle behind him. “And you?”
“I’m Dank.”
“You certainly were last night. But you smell better now,” said Anna, resting her chin on his shoulder as her hands clasped his waist. “Let’s go,” and she bucked up and down a couple times like to giddyup a horse.
Dank drove off into the heavy Paris traffic. She pointed to him when to make turns. When they visited the Louvre, Dank surprised her with his knowledge of the masterpieces hanging there. He knew far more about them than she did even tho she’d lived in Paris all her 22 years and had toured the Louvre several times before.
Then she took him to a modern gallery, where they trudged thru many rooms of abstract paintings. His expression got a little bored.
“You don’t care for modern art?” asked Anna.
“Looks like they just threw paint at the canvas,” Dank replied.
“You’re so retro, Why don’t you expand your mind and try appreciating something new?” she asked.
“Okay, how about if we try something different for dinner that you choose and it’s my treat?”
“Who says we’re going out to dinner?” asked Anna, but she couldn’t keep that slight smile from creeping across her mouth.
“I’ll let you paint me,” he offered with a grin.
“Ha! Who’d want to paint a funky old hippie? Where are you from, anyway?”
Dank was somewhat prepared for this question. The only other Earth language he knew was English, so he took a gamble and said, “The United States. A place called Missourah,” he said using the colloquial pronunciation, at least the one he’d heard in an old cowboy movie on his satellite dish.
Anna accepted his word, not having much firsthand knowledge of the States. “What are you doing in Paris?”
“I needed a break from my family,” said Dank. “They were starting to get on my nerves.”
“You left your wife and children?” Anna asked.
“No, I’m single. I was talking about my birth family. We have kind of …uh, a family business, but it doesn’t interest me that much. They can be very overbearing so sometimes I like to get away. And since I’ve always painted, I wanted to see the originals of the great works I've admired in art books.”
“Okay,” she said.
“Okay, what?”
“I’ll let you take me out to dinner if I get to choose,” declared Anna.
She guided him down a back street to a quiet place with candlelight. They ate some fine food and drank a bottle of wine.
Over dinner, the light from the flickering candle danced in Anna’s eyes, and as they talked Dank grew more fond of her.
After their meal, the daylight faded as they walked in the park along the banks of the Seine. Dank started to fear that he would fade away too, that all this was so much fleeting illusion like a watercolor that could easily wash away.
As they walked, he gathered his nerve and took her hand and raised it to his lips with a kiss. Anna looked surprised but she didn’t pull back. Then he slowly moved his face close to hers and kissed her.
Anna giggled. Dank felt stupid and looked away.
“Your mustache,” she said. “It tickles.” But she touched his cheek with her hand and moved her face close to his for another kiss. This one lasted longer and she didn’t giggle.
“I have a little room I rent,” she said. “Would you like to go there?”
Dank nodded. They got on his motorcycle and rode fast. Their hearts were racing, too. They both noticed more than usual the engine’s vibrations tingling between their legs.
When they arrived, they walked up to Anna’s room on the third floor. Dank wanted her very much but he was careful of not scaring her off by being too aggressive.
He was admiring her drawings that covered the walls when Anna came up and hugged him from behind. He turned into her open arms and they kissed very hard. Then he slowly lowered her to the bed.
“I want to kiss you all over,” Dank whispered. 
“You have my permission,” sighed Anna.
And so he did.

Princess Salacia had bid farewell to her Chinese hosts Sunday night, having secured an agreement of cooperation with the leaders of Earth’s most populous nation. She promised them all the lovedust they could use, but more importantly she had shown them that their best bet to defeat the Lumans’ vote would be the art of persuasion, not the brute force they usually employed to enforce their will.
Now Salacia traveled on to Russia. She knew from Rank operative reports that unlike China, which continued to govern in some version of organized Marxism, Russia had long since given up the communist dream. And tho the Soviet Union’s ‘Evil Empire’ had been dismantled, nothing coherent had replaced it. The citizens lived in miserable poverty and constant chaos under the powerful rule of Ivan Buttin, a belligerent holdover from the communist era who held onto power mainly by making empty promises that the people wanted to believe. That, and the fact that his rivals were incompetent.
So Salacia knew she would need to take an entirely different tack here as her buzzbug slowly circled the Kremlin early Monday morning. Thousands of curious Russians gathered to see the small flashy spaceship. They were even more amazed at the sexy blonde who emerged, flanked by four bodyguards wielding lazer blazers. Quickly, Salacia was whisked away to meet with President Buttin.
Unfortunately, the president was busy invading a former Soviet Union satellite country that day.
Still, Salacia met with several cabinet members, telling them about the Ranks’ plan for an alliance with Earth leaders against the Lumans.
Kommerce Kommissar Kashenkari Korruptovitch spoke up. “We’ve been discussing this since the vote was announced and, frankly, we don’t know what we can do to dissuade our public from going over to the Luman side. They don’t put much faith in our system.”
“You don’t HAVE a system,” said Salacia. “But food is fundamental,” she said. “Your country is vulnerable to the communism proposed by the Lumans because your people are hungry. That’s also regarded as the reason Russia relinquished its rightful royal rulers in your revolution.”
“Yes, but what can we do when there is so little food and so little money?” asked Agrikulture Administrator Yerso Unpranounsabol.
“You’ve got to deal for it!” suggested Salacia. “There are lots of countries that have plenty of food. Work out a trade for something you have.”
“We don’t have much except…,” hesitated Military Minister Mistaekapush Missillitch, “except nuclear bombs and other weapons. We couldn’t use those in trade, tho, because we’d get in trouble with some countries like the United States.”
“Screw the Americans!” said Salacia. “What have those decadent pigs ever done for you? And there’s no time for them to do anything about it anyway. Gentlemen, wake up! In 5 days the Lumans will conduct their vote and if you don’t make your people happy in a hurry, you’ll be out on your asses. Now, we’ve got some weapons to contribute to your cause, and we’ve got some silly stuff called lovedust to distract everybody temporarily, but that’s not enough if the people can’t put food on the table.”
Suddenly there was silence as President Buttin stomped into the room screaming, “You dare to plot behind my back! I’ll send you all to Siberia! Who is this foreign wench you scheme with?”
“Mr. President, we were merely entertaining her until your return,” said Korruptovitch. “May I present Princess Salacia of the planet Rankor.” President Buttin managed a smile as he kissed her hand. “Excellency, the Princess has offered us help in defeating the vote of the communist Lumans.”
At that, Buttin’s smile widened. “Yes, I’m glad to hear it. Alright, all of you are dismissed for now,” he said with a wave of his hand.
“Princess, do you like horseback riding,” he asked, taking off his shirt. He took her hand and led her to his private office.
The Russian ministers gathered in another room and divided up the tasks involved in distributing food and consumer goods like shoes and clothing to pacify the masses. Then the meeting adjourned and they went to work.
Salacia enjoyed her brief ride with the president. She had been pleased at the ministers’ responsiveness but she was still worried about the vote in Russia. Salacia feared that this country’s almost 150 million people were too chronically deprived of prosperity and honest government to resist the Lumans’ pipe dream, even if it meant accepting a return to a communist state.
The princess and her bodyguards then took off and headed back to the Rank Mother Ship to consult with the Queen.


A weekend at the Vatican proved a fascinating experience for Luman Bishop Lou Cypher. Pope Joe Bob had instructed the staff to make all the Vatican’s resources available to the alien cleric. This friendly cooperation was not quite what Bishop Cypher expected, especially after the Pope expressed misgivings about the Lumans.
The cardinals and monsignors showed Bishop Cypher the fabled Vatican vaults containing Church history. Cypher learned that in the earliest days the Catholic Church was a renegade sect operating underground because it was outlawed by the Roman Empire, and that many Popes had enjoyed wives and children, and that in the cruel time of the Inquisition, scientists like Galileo were jailed or killed by the Church for their scientific discoveries which contradicted Church interpretations of the Bible.
The alien Bishop heard how the Church grew over time to become the Holy Roman Empire, controlling virtually all of Europe for centuries. His hosts explained how missionaries for the Vatican had fanned out across the world and converted distant countries to the Gospel of Jesus Christ.
Monsignor Guiltony, beaming in his chubby countenance, also showed off the Vatican’s storehouse of treasures, a rich variety of jewels and statuary, to Bishop Cypher.
“This is the most magnificent collection I’ve ever seen,” said the alien Bishop. “How did a religious organization become so wealthy?”
“Our flock is very appreciative,” explained Monsignor Guiltony. “Fine artisans and rich parishioners have always been generous in sharing their beneficence with those of us doing the Lord’s work.”
“All this and a ministry spanning the Earth!” marveled Lou Cypher. “But I wonder how you managed to convert people whose customs and language were strange to you?”
“The power of faith can move mountains,” replied the monsignor, omitting the power of fear and force that accompanied Catholic colonialism. “And it didn’t hurt to make arrangements with the chiefs and shamen. Our missionary priests and nuns would bring along items of value to help smooth their path into the rough, uncharted lands they ventured into. Little by little, when the natives heard the word about Jesus and saw the devotion of His servants in the Church, they became believers. Eventually we worked our way up to number one.”
“What a success story!” marveled Bishop Cypher. “I bet the Catholic Church is the envy of all the world’s religions.”
“Well, I don’t need to remind such a learned man as yourself that envy is one of the seven deadly sins,” said the monsignor. “Pope Joseph Robert has tried to foster cooperation rather than competition with other faiths that we may achieve common goals like world peace.”
“Why do you think peace has proven so elusive then, Monsignor?”
“As the Bible tells us, man was born with original sin. Unfortunately, some sinners can’t see why they should change their ways despite the ever-present opportunity to join Christ in eternal light. Those are the ones we are worried will fall prey to the false temporary light you aliens entice us with. The Pope is Christ’s representative on Earth and ours is the one true church, so there can be no other way into God’s Kingdom and to peace in the world.”
Bishop Cypher listened carefully. “Hmmmm,” was all he said.
On Sunday morning, the Pope said Mass from his balcony to the throng below. There were hundreds of thousands of people in the square and adjoining streets. Some prayed silently, some wept and others waved and shouted their faith in fervor at the sight of the Pontiff’s slow-moving figure in white.
From an open window, Bishop Lou Cypher watched the service in awe. He listened as this massive congregation prayed in unison, and hung on the Pope’s every amplified word booming directly into their hearts. The alien bishop had spent his life in the ministry but in that mass at the Vatican, for the first time chills ran down his spine.
After the mass, Lou Cypher walked slowly down to his buzz bug as if in a dream. He was overcome by a feeling like he’d been hypnotized. He took a nap in his bug and then later when the powerful spell of the Pope’s Mass wore off, he took off for Chicago, U.S.A.
Chapter 15


Fred and LaVon were back in their own house as Monday morning dawned, but they weren’t preparing for work. At the time they’d normally be sending Shazelle off to school, they had to worry about her safety in the hands of LaVon’s ex-boyfriend Radney Sweet and his buddy.
When Fred stepped outside for the newspaper, he saw the television trucks parked in front. The story of Shazelle’s kidnapping had made the front page. Soon the phone started ringing with calls from reporters.
It was on about the fifth call that LaVon picked up and just screamed, “WE DON’T HAVE ANYTHING TO TELL YOU!”
“Ms. Parker, it’s Detective Williams. We busted a crack house overnight and one of the suspects gave up the name and address of the other kidnapper. His name is Kallis Dreck. Right now, the police are on their way to his home. We don’t know if we’ll find Shazelle but we’ll keep you informed.”
“Thank you,” murmured LaVon. “Please don’t let anything happen to her.”
“That is our intention, ma’am. We’ll do everything we can.”
Now all they could do was wait.

Fairly picked up Camilla Monday morning at the usual time but he had a new guy with him instead of Fred. Mal Daoud was a skinny little fellow, black as coal, from the Sudan. He was a temporary worker Fairly had picked up from an agency since Fred wasn’t working because of Shazelle’s kidnapping.
Camilla hadn’t heard about Shazelle even though it had been on TV, radio and in the newspaper. After Fairly told her about that, he also shared his good news – that he and Donna had gotten back together.
Camilla gave Fairly a little smile and said, “Good, maybe now you won’t be such an asshole all the time.”
Fairly smiled back. “You’re right and I apologize,” he said. That surprised Camilla. “Well, I hope she stays if this is the effect she has on you. And who is this here?”
“I am Mal Daoud. You should not call boss asshole.”
“I will if he acts like one, and you can blow it out your butt for all I care.”
They drove on in silence. Mal was insulted at Camilla’s uppity attitude. At the job, the three wiped windows all morning without conversing.
Then as they sat eating their bag lunches, Camilla asked, “What did you think of that light and vote thing on Saturday?”
“I liked it but I’m not really sure what to think of it,” said Fairly.
There was a pause as Fairly and Camilla looked toward Mal. “It’s trick,” said Mal. “The story was lie. If we trust, aliens take over world.”
“Didn’t the light make you feel good, Mal?” asked Camilla. “Wouldn’t you like to have peace?”
“Not real,” Mal replied. “They make us slaves.” There was no more discussion for the day.
It was mid-afternoon when LaVon heard back from Detective Williams. He told her the police didn’t find Shazelle or the kidnappers yet but they’d picked up a couple leads from Kallis Dreck’s home.
LaVon then went to see her mom in the hospital. Carolina was doing a little better but mostly she was worried about Shazelle. When LaVon got back home it was suppertime but neither she nor Fred felt hungry.
Mercifully, the television crews had left when they saw there was nothing they could extract from the situation at the moment. So Fred and LaVon were left with just an empty stillness where there was normally the happy noise of a child in their home. That sad quietude throbbed in LaVon’s ears and gripped her heart while another night went by without her child.

All day Monday, Eduardo sat on the living room couch, zoned out in front of the television. He was still nursing his wounds a bit from his beating but mainly he was mourning the death of his friend Pedro.
Rosalita was working as a burger flipper for the summer and Mama was working at the daycare center so nobody else was around. Eddie badly wanted revenge against those guys from the Brujos but he was worried about going up against them by himself. Camilla’s plea to not try to get back at them crossed his mind once or twice but he was hurting so bad inside that he tried not to think about any of it. TV put him in a trance-like state that let him not feel anything.
Mama and Rosalita came home and made dinner but Eddie just took his in front of the TV and would hardly say a word. Later on when the women went to bed, Eddie still sat staring listlessly at the flickering tube.

When Fairly got home that evening, Donna and the kids were waiting for him. “How are my little pumpkins?” he said giving Kristy and Hairly each a big hug. He held Donna very close and gave her a strong kiss and hug. Donna had dinner almost ready and the kids set the table.
“What did you guys do today?” asked Fairly during dinner.
“I played with Melissa and Heather,” said Kristy. “First, we jumped rope, then we played hopscotch, then we went to Heather’s and played in her playhouse.”
“Me and Jarret made a fort,” said Hairly.
“You made a fort?” asked Fairly incredulously. “Yup! It’s in the back yard. Wanna see it?”
“Sure, how ‘bout after dinner?”
Fairly cleared the table when they were done. “Leave the dishes for me,” he said. Then he and Hairly went outside.
The ‘fort’ was the empty box from a big-screen TV that Jarret’s parents had just bought. The boys had dragged it out by the fence between the two houses. Fairly managed to crawl inside, then they sat in the semi-darkness for a minute. That’s when Hairly remembered his manners and offered some hospitality. “Want a cookie, Daddy?” and he pulled out a stash.
After a few minutes, Fairly went back in the house and did the dishes. Then he poured a glass of lemonade and joined Donna in the living room. He noticed the furniture was re- arranged.
“I hope it’s okay with you the way I placed the chairs and sofa,” said Donna.
“Uh, sure, it’s okay,” said Fairly. He looked at her and gave her a little smile. He sat down in his chair, which was now a little farther from the television. There was a momentary awkward silence as he put his drink down on the table which was now on the left side of Fairly’s chair instead of the right. Donna went into the kitchen and got him a coaster for his glass.
“Prevents ring marks on the finish,” she smiled.
“Yeah, okay,” said Fairly. “Do you think it would be alright if the table was back on the right side instead of the left?”
“Um, I guess so,” said Donna. “It’s just that the lighting is more balanced with the lamp table there. But it’s no big deal.”
She gave him a conciliatory smile.
“Oh, it’s no big deal to me either,” said Fairly.
“No, I mean, I’ve just gotten back, so naturally things have been arranged the way you like them and it might take some time for us both to make adjustments.”
“That’s true, that’s true,” agreed Fairly. “So you really don’t mind?”
Donna just shook her head. So Fairly got up and moved the table back around to his right side. Then he sat and read the paper. Donna stayed in the living room for a few minutes then she went and busied herself in the bedroom for the rest of the evening. She came out to round up the kids for bed then she retired herself.
When Fairly came to bed, Donna wasn’t yet asleep but she acted like she was when Fairly snuggled up behind her. After a while, they both dropped off to sleep uneventfully.
Chapter 16


Ki Wu Yu, the martial arts champion of Lumaria, met Monday morning in Hong Kong with Earth’s Kung Fu title holder, Maxi Muto, and his agent to schedule an exhibition bout. Normally Muto would just let his agent, Donkeyng, handle these negotiations but he was very curious to meet this mysterious space woman with the visible aura who boldly challenged his dominance.
When Muto and his agent drew close to Ki, they were both agog at the brilliant aura and strong vibrations emanating from her. In fact, Donkeyng’s hair stood straight up.
“I am honored to meet you,” said Muto, bowing deeply. 
“The honor is mine,” Ki replied, also bowing.
“So when you guys wanna rumble?” asked Donkeyng, not bowing.
“For my purposes, this week would be ideal,” said Ki. “Forgive me for such short notice.”
“No problem,” smiled Muto. “What about Thursday evening?”
“IMPOSSIBLE! RIDICULOUS!” shouted Donkeyng. “How can I promote pay-per-view and closed-circuit theatres in 3 days?”
“Oh, the bout must be shown on free broadcast television for the widest possible audience,” Ki firmly stated.
“Sure, that’s fine,” Muto agreed.
“ARE YOU BOTH OUT OF YOUR MINDS?” yelled Donkeyng. “Broadcast television won’t pay us over ten million dollars. That’ll barely cover expenses. Pay-per-view would pay 100 mil.”
“This isn’t about making money,” said Ki. “I want a chance to show the power of the Ki energy. I appreciate Mister Muto’s cooperation.”
“I have enough money, Donkeyng,” said Muto. “Let’s just do this one for fun.”
“We could give the profits to charities like shelters for the homeless and for battered women,” suggested Ki.
“Good idea,” said Muto. “You have a big heart.”
“As do you, Mister Muto. See you Thursday evening.”
“You two make me sick,” said Donkeyng.
And altho the agent only stood to make a million and a half dollars as his cut for three whole days’ work, he quickly mobilized all the media hype necessary to draw a huge television audience for the bout. He modestly billed it as “Championship of the Universe.”


Chairman Won Persent took along some of America’s richest and newest tycoons for the meeting in Zurich, Switzerland. Monday morning they gathered with the European elite around a huge table in a fancy hotel.
“We now have an issue to unite our two continents like never before,” he began. “All the work we’ve done, all the work of our fathers and grandfathers to build their companies is threatened by the insidious vote of the alien forces. So we need to put our heads together to protect our businesses, our stocks, our very way of life.”
“What can we do?” asked Konrad Kreepp, heir to a German steel and weapons fortune. “If all people in the world get to vote, won’t the peasant masses buy what the aliens are selling?”
“Not if we show them they’d be giving our world over to communism,” said Olga Onan, the Greek heiress.
“Yah, we must counteract the aliens’ propaganda with a message of our own,” suggested Hans Feellups, head of a Dutch electronics firm, as he placed his hand on Olga’s thigh under the table. She dug her nails into his wrist, drawing blood. He actually enjoyed the pain and smiled while she stared stolidly straight ahead.
“So we make some happy ads for television,” said Federico Floorit of Europe’s biggest carmaker. “But I’ve got a feeling it’s going to take a lot more to get the world’s poor to trust us.”
“Then we must give them something,” said French drug king Prozak Blisse, “something more tangible, more valuable than words. How about if we give $100 to every family in poor countries?”
“That is madness,” said Swiss banker Baron von Robchild. “It would quickly run into hundreds of billions of dollars to buy the votes of passels of poor people – and then we have no assurance they’ll even vote our way.”
“Yer dadgum right,” chimed in Boss Burrό, the American billionaire. “If you think I’m throwin’ one goldang cent of my hard-earned cash into that bottomless pit, you’ve got—”
The chairman stood up. “But it’s an intriguing idea. My grandfather used to give away dimes to people on the street, and they clamored for them. $100 would be a lot of money to people in the poorest countries. For some, it would be a year’s wages. If we can all agree to this plan, I will pledge a billion dollars from my family. That would supply 10 million families with $100 each. Now let’s take a little break and you can talk among yourselves about making this investment in securing our future.”
Then the chairman took Burro aside to say, “I didn’t bring you along to undercut our efforts. Please stay out of it if you don’t have something positive to offer.”
“I just call ‘em like I see ‘em,” whined Boss. “Always have, always will.”
Chairman Persent sighed in frustration and walked away, muttering about “new money cowboys.”
During the recess, there was a lot of grumbling amongst the attendees. The money giveaway certainly violated their credo that people should not be given handouts and that everyone should have to earn what they receive. They believed this despite the fact that most of them had inherited their vast wealth and led luxurious lives of little labor.
Still, there was a growing sense of dread in their minds that Persent was right about their fortunes being in jeopardy from the outcome of the vote. So they grudgingly concluded that it’s better to sacrifice a portion of their holdings than lose everything.
As the meeting re-convened, Baron von Robchild spoke up. “I now see the value of Frenchy’s idea. The planet is indeed facing the biggest threat to world order since World War II, altho we Swiss were never really in danger during the war. However, now it’s different. Evidently these aliens have the means to enforce their plan of changing the political and financial landscape, should they get their 2/3 majority. So we must make this investment of 100 American dollars to each of the world’s poor families as a goodwill gesture.”
“What makes you think $100 is going to change anybody’s mind?” asked Konrad Kreepp. “If the aliens bring the light back as it was the other day, won’t people fall for it just like a magic show?”
“Perhaps, Konrad, but what better plan do you have?” asked Olga Onan. “If we do nothing, aren’t we just surrendering to the aliens?”
“NEVER! I WILL NEVER SURRENDER!” Shouted Kreepp. “I will pledge 1 million dollars to your foolish plan. That is all!” And he stormed out.
The others looked askance at the departing old Kreepp.
“What a weinerwurst,” said Olga . “Stingy jew!” said Hans Feellups.
“Stingy yes, but he’s no jew, you putz,” said Baron von Robchild. “His family were the Nazis’ buddies and business partners.”
“Alright, then,” said the chairman. “May I see a show of hands for those who support the proposed plan?”
There was unanimous agreement among the remaining participants.
“Excellent!” Won Persent exclaimed. “Now, the work begins in earnest. We need each of you to appeal to your colleagues to raise all the cash we can for our plan. By the way, we need a name for this campaign. Any suggestions?”
“Rip the rich,” said Olga sarcastically.
“How about “Share the Wealth?” asked Frenchy.
“That’s good,” said the chairman “Anyone have a problem with that name?” The room gave a collective shrug.
“How are we going to distribute the money to people in remote areas of the world?” asked Baron Robchild.
“Maybe the United Nations could handle it,” suggested Olga. “There are also non-governmental relief organizations already in place in many countries.”
“Yah, and I think we should avoid going thru the government officials,” said Hans Feellups. “they are so corrupt that the people would never see the money.”
“You should know, you’ve bribed enough of those dictators,” said Olga.
“Just the price of doing business,” Hans replied as he trailed his hand along Olga’s thigh beside him.
“I think that concludes our business,” said the chairman. “Let’s stay in close touch as the week goes on. Thank you all very much for your ideas and cooperation.”
Standing up, Olga stabbed her sharp stilleto heel into Hans’ toes. As he bled internally, Hans beamed beatifically.


The world’s television networks, radio stations and newspapers were still in a state of confusion on Monday. Their coverage of the Luman proposal ranged from condemnation to approval to attempted impartiality.
Morning in America brought a report on hundreds of radio stations by that voice of avuncular authority, Harv A. Palling.
“Hello, Americans,” came his hallmark greeting with exaggerated enunciation, “You’ve heard the NEWS. In a moment you’ll hear… how I’ve dressed up the story.
“There’s new scientific evidence to support usage of vitamin and mineral supplements in your daily diet. To make stronger bones and prevent osteoporosis, recommended by researchers at leading hospitals, take a simple pill once a day to live longer, live better. It’s now available without a prescription and the name is Ginkogunk. That’s G-i-n-k-o-g-u-n-k, Ginkogunk, the new miracle supplement that is only – I said only – available by calling this toll-free number, 1-111-111-1111. Order it now, won’t you, for your health, for your life and for your loved ones, who will rest easier knowing you’re getting the very best health supplement money can buy. Tell them Harv A. Palling sent you to get a special low introductory rate.
“Well, the top story, not just in America but across the globe, is the strange visitation by alleged aliens that has been reported and given alarming credence. First of all, let’s all calm down and remember that this science fiction mumbo-jumbo has been going on for decades, for as long as I’ve been in the news business and that’s a little longer than I’d care to admit, heh heh heh. Why, I remember the great “War of the Worlds” radio hoax. The difference this time is that the rascals responsible, and authorities have not yet tracked them down but they are on the trail – thanks to hundred of helpful tips – the difference this time is the sophistication of their methods. Long gone are the days of doctored photographs of flying saucers and little green men in shiny suits. Today’s deceivers have stolen top secret mind-control techniques from the former Soviet Union. Yes, our government leaders knew the Evil Empire had that capability – that’s why it was so vitally important to defeat the Soviet Union in the Cold War. Which we did, Americans, and we can be justly proud. But now some rogue KGB agents, with the help of communist sympathizers from around the world including some Americans, I’m ashamed to say, have mounted this new deception.
“Let’s not forget that the communists are masters of deceit, as our late great FBI director, Gay Dragger Hoover, wrote in his fine book of the same name, still available at your public library because for now this is still a free country; and this deception must be resisted at all costs, my friends, for the survival of our venerable republic, the United States of America, and indeed the welfare of the entire world now depends on the strong and reasoned resistance of YOU, the citizens, to those who would impose the insidious iron rule of Godless Communism upon the people of God’s good green Earth. All in the name of peace? Goodness gracious, how low they can go!?!
“As fine as our land is in America from sea to shining sea – and it’s ALL magnificent, make no mistake – the thing that has made America the greatest country the world has ever known is our freedom. Free expression and free enterprise have made us the envy of the world, and rightly so, and one of the finest examples of that freedom to pursue the American dream is the extraordinary quality and craftsmanship that goes into making every fine and fabulous Phewick that rolls off the line. Yes, I said Phewick, the company I’ve been associating with and driving complimentary cars from for more years than I’d care to mention, heh heh heh. The incomparable comfort, power and security of today’s Phewick leave everyone but the most wacko tree-hugger breathless with the thrill of driving, and I’ve even seen some of those old hippies looking jealously from their bicycles as I sped past them in my elegant, sporty new Phewick, leaving them to huff in a hydrocarbon haze. I know I would rather jive a Phewick, wouldn’t you?
“This just in to my desk – to offset the economic difficulties many Americans have recently faced, this news should be a welcome shot in the arm to our economy. There is now an incentive being offered by a certain American automobile manufacturer to ease your ownership of a new car. That manufacturer…Phewick, of course. Now it’s easier than ever to own the better-than-ever Phewick. Now, that’s… true… value! Harv A. Palling - good day!!”
Chapter 17


The start of the world’s workweek saw the Rank and Luman leaders each continuing their efforts to win Earthlings over to their sides.
The Luman minstrel Armando Guitarmo worked onward south in Latin America, playing his enchanting music for huge crowds in the middle of city slums or in small villages, wherever they gathered to see his slow-flying flashing ship.
General Kariva Fumagio was also busy in that region, lining up alliances between his Rank forces and Latin American leaders. Altho most of these countries now called themselves democracies, the reality was that their governments were still controlled by a few men of extreme wealth and power with little civilian control of the police and military. Thus these leaders were able to tighten their grip by corrupt cooperation with drug cartels, as well as with the owners of legitimate agribusiness and manufacturing.
Altho occasionally challenged by rebel insurgents, the rich rulers usually succeeded in controlling the populace thru-out this vast region stretching from Mexico to Chile. The same held true for the Caribbean islands, with some of the world’s poorest countries like the failing capitalist Haiti and the failing communist Cuba.
General Fumagio arrived in Caracas, Venezuela around mid- day Monday at an emergency meeting of OPEC (The Odious Petroleum Excreting Countries). After a quick huddle with the representatives, General Fumagio was invited to be a guest speaker.
Calling the meeting to order (always a formidable task with this group) and introducing General Fumagio was Saudi Oil Minister Sheik Ya Mama.
“Friends, colleagues, gentlemen: We gather here today in the midst of the most severe crisis our proud consortium has ever faced. We must try to realize the threat posed to our industry if the people of the world vote in a two-thirds majority for the communist regime proposed by the aliens. We have with us today a member of another alien group, the Ranks, who oppose the Lumans’ vote and may prove to be valuable allies to us. So with great pleasure, I give you General Kariva Fumagio.”
The swarthy little general stomped his boots briskly to the podium. “I’m very pleased to be here among such impressive power. The most important product on Earth is the oil you produce. Without it, the world would come to a standstill. We Ranks would like to help you maintain your positions of power by defeating the Lumas’ vote. We’ve seen them in action before and we know how to fight this insidious takeover. Also, we can offer you high technology for more efficient oil drilling and refining. All we ask is a little space to maintain a few bases here on Earth, as well as access to some of Earth’s fine resources such as the worldwide flower crop. Of course, most of you here needn’t be concerned with flowers since that is hardly a major product of the countries you represent.”
“What ideas do you have for combatting the prospect of our people approving the vote?” asked Sheik Ya Mama.
“Ideas?” replied General Fumagio. “We don’t need no stinking ideas. Just use what has always worked to control the masses: force and fear. Your people have no reason to trust the Luman promises, but they do have reason to believe their government can cause them major problems if they don’t do what they’re told. Add to that the distrust that most people have of anything strange and new, and we have an excellent chance of defeating the Lumans.”
“Thank you, General,” said Sheik Ya Mama. “We will discuss our options and let you know our plans. We appreciate your appearance here with us. If you would contact us this evening, we should have our decision by then.”
General Fumagio didn’t understand why they put him off but he left and boarded his buzz bug. He then returned to the Rank Mother Ship where he reported to Queen Severa, Baron Byron and Princess Salacia.
“Majesties, these Earthling leaders are so weak and disorganized, I don’t know how they’ll be able to muster the authority to keep their people in line.”
“Yes, General, that’s a problem,” said Salacia. “I’ve also found that many of these leaders are fools. They don’t grasp the gravity of their situation.”
“This calls for desperate measures,” said Queen Severa. “We’ll employ Scheme 666.”
“What the hell is that?” asked the General.
“Funny you should mention Hell,” replied Baron Byron with a smile. “The myth of that eternal fire for evil-doers is still quite strong among many Earthlings. And altho Hell’s master, Satan, that Devil, is a storybook character, the fear of him can be very real.”
“Yes, some Earthlings have gained vast power by telling tales of old Lucifer,” added the Queen. “Now, we’re going to borrow their method, called Scheme 666.”
“How does it work?” asked Fumagio.
“First, you need a villain to blame problems on. That’s the Lumans, of course,” explained Severa. “You defame and discredit their every move. You make sure that the public hears your definition of the Lumans much more than it hears from the Lumans themselves. Place your villain in league with Satan while providing practical assistance like food and medicine to the public. And always remind the people that you’re doing it in the name of God.”
“Doesn’t that piss God off?” asked Salacia.
“Nah, She mostly stays out of it, claiming She gave us humans free will to determine our own fate,” replied the Queen.
“And here’s the beauty of it,” raved Byron. “Do-gooders like the Lumans are constrained by their own hokey ethics from battling back, at least as far as the dirty tricks go. And dirty tricks have always worked best in politics. This scheme’s been used to gain power and exert absolute control by everyone from the Nazis to religious fundamentalists for thousands of years. It’s deliciously effective.”
“Well, we don’t have much time,” said General Fumagio. “How can we make this scheme work in just a few days?”
With that, they put their heads together to figure out their course of action. Princess Salacia and General Kariva then picked some technical experts from the Mother Ship and departed for Earth to implement their plan.

Duke Vomitos Pukarious was touring the capitols of Europe in splendor. He was welcomed by European leaders who were anxious to get any help they could to counteract the Lumans' plan to re-shape the world’s power structure. One priority country for the Duke was France.
In the middle of typically frantic traffic in Paris, Duke Pukarious circled his buzz bug around the Eiffel Tower and the city center before touching down in a small park. He was then escorted to see the French President.
“Welcome to the City of Lights,” said the President. “How may I be of service?”
“Got any brandy handy?” asked the Duke.
“But of course, where are my manners?” The president had a snifter of brandy brought in and poured a glass for each of them. As he took a small sip, he was shocked to see this wild-eyed visitor throw back the glass in one quick swig and then pour another that he gulped as well.
“To what do I owe the privilege of your visit?” asked the president as the Duke went for his third glassful.
“Let’s be friends,” said the Duke, putting his arm around the French president. “We could …ah, ah, help each other. We need…perfume.”
“Yes, I noticed,” said the President as he recoiled and backed away. “Did you come all this way for toiletries?”
“You must understand that for us it’s not a luxury, but a necessity to make life tolerable,” explained the Duke. “We seem to have this problem with…uh body odor.”
“I’m sure we can fulfill your fragrance needs, Duke. What have you got to offer us in trade?”
The Duke reached into his jacket pocket and pulled out a lazer blazer. He drunkenly waved it in the air as the President and various aides dove for cover. “Howsa about this for starters?” asked the Duke as he proceeded to vaporize a bust of Napoleon. Then the Duke giggled crazily as he flopped to the floor and sprawled out, letting the weapon skitter away from him. The President had a couple aides take the Duke to a guest room. As they carried him out, the President picked up the alien weapon. “Oui, monsieur,” he said softly to himself, “I think we can do business together.”

Luman Vice-President Bela Satva spent two full days walking among the crowds of Calcutta and the surrounding towns. Everyone from the rich Brahmins to members of the extremely poor Untouchable caste flocked to see her wherever the old lady with the violet aura went.
Within minutes of her first sighting there on Saturday, rumors had rapidly spread that a goddess was among them.
Madame Satva did her best to dispel that rumor, telling the crowds that she was a human like them, the only difference being she had developed her innate spiritual power, just as they could at their will.
But still the rumors flew and wherever she went, Madame Satva found throngs of people anxious to see, hear and touch her. She had a force-field surrounding her that allowed her to touch people and them to touch her up to a point. If someone or something approached her with excessive speed or pressure, then the force-field would repel it for her protection.
When they knelt and bowed before her, Madame Satva would gesture for them to rise and she would clasp her hands together in a prayer pose to honor their spirits.
“I am not a Goddess, do not worship me,” she said. “I am a messenger from another planet. We want to help the people of Earth become peaceful. If you want an end to war and poverty, listen to our message. Maybe you’ve never voted before, but in a few days you’ll have a chance to say how you want life on Earth to be. If you vote yes, we Lumans will guide you to peace.” Madame Satva also gave numerous television, radio and newspaper interviews. By Monday afternoon, after 48 hours on the go, she was tired and returned to her buzzbug. Jake, her pilot, drove off in the direction of Mumbai across the sub-continent but they flew slow and low, just above the treetops, so that people could see the ship and hear Madame Satva’s recorded voice urging them to accept the Lumans’ offer.
But try as she might, Madame Satva was unable to convince some of the people that she was a real human like them. Their star-worshipping mentality was too much to reason with.

Many of Jakarta, Indonesia’s 10 million people witnessed Admiral Aufello’s buzzbug slowly descend to the ground. Among the ones anxious to see a spaceship was the President-For- Life.
“Welcome to Indonesia,” said the president when Admiral Aufello and Ensign Frazier disembarked. “Could I have a ride in your ship?”
The aliens took him aboard and gave him an exciting spin over his equatorial country of islands. As the ship soared high and low, fast and slow, they saw the striking beauty of the rainforests and thick smoke from many fires burning them down.
After the tour, the president invited the aliens to land on the President-For-Life estate. He took them inside and gave them free sneakers. “These have made my country great,” he bragged.
“Yes, we’ve heard of your efficiency,” said Aufello. “The way your army quells demonstrations over wages, and your conquest of rebellions showed us your leadership is strong and commanding.
“That’s why we’ve come to you now.”
“What is your interest in Indonesia?” asked the president.
“Your country is one of the world’s leading players. With your oil and timber, along with your huge, cheap labor pool, we figure Indonesia to be one of our strongest allies in our trade relations with Earth. And we’re prepared to offer you the latest technology in weaponry so that you can maintain your superior edge.”
“Keep talking,” said the president.
Instead, Admiral Aufello unveiled a laser blazer and demonstrated its power. The President-For-Life smiled.
“How many can you get me?” he asked.
“Thousands,” replied Aufello. “But at the moment we have a critical situation on our hands. As you know, the Lumans are offering a vote to everyone on Earth, even children. We feel, as you might also, that this is highly irresponsible and will upset the rightful balance of power in the world. We want to work with you to defeat the Lumans’ vote.”
“Yes, I’m with you on this,” agreed the president. “The vote is irresponsible. Why, it takes years for children to become efficient workers in our sweatshops – uh, I mean our shoe factories. How can they make a decision regarding world politics?”
“Quite right, Mr. President-For-Life. That’s why we must do all we can to set the people straight on the dangers of the Lumans’ plan. Of course, talk only goes so far, so we also brought along some of our magic substance called lovedust to brighten the mood of the peasants. Then there is the matter of concessions.”
The president’s face darkened into an ugly glare. “What concessions?”
“We must convince the people that loyalty to you will benefit them more than trusting the promises of space strangers. So they must quickly receive benefits, such as a doubling of wages, as well as free medical care paid for by the government. We only have a few days.”
Aufello looked expectantly at the president. But the President- For-Life was looking up at a huge portrait of himself on the wall. Finally he spoke – roared was more like it.
“DOUBLE THEIR WAGES! FREE MEDICAL CARE FROM THE GOVERNMENT! WHO DO YOU THINK THE GOVERNMENT IS?! I AM THE GOVERNMENT!!! THAT MONEY WOULD HAVE TO COME OUT OF MY POCKET!”
Admiral Aufello and Ensign Frazier were a bit taken aback by the president’s outburst. “Yes sir,” said Aufello. “But you’d stand to lose everything if the Lumans win their vote. You could think of the higher wages and medical care as an invest—”
“AS THROWING IT DOWN A RATHOLE!” screamed the president. “I WILL NOT HEAR OF IT! IF MY PEOPLE TRY TO VOTE FOR THE ALIENS’ PLAN, I’LL HAVE THEM SHOT. NOW BEGONE WITH YOUR CRAZY PLAN!”
The two Ranks were shocked at this reaction but they hurried out of the palace, boarded their buzz bug and flew off.

That night, as Indonesia’s President-For-Life slept peacefully, he was paid a little visit. The alien pixies, nicknack and eggnog, de-materialized and flew their buzzbug invisibly to outside his palace. Then they re-materialized in the president’s bedroom, dancing on his bed until he woke up.
The president tried to shout for his guards but found he couldn’t use his voice. The pixies then levitated him about six feet off the floor and tried to talk to him. The little tyrant’s face was red and contorted as he continued to struggle silently.
Then the pixies moved him out the window and had him hover 30 feet off the ground as they watched from inside his bedroom. After a while, the president seemed to calm down a bit so they brought him back inside but continued to levitate him a few feet off the floor.
Finally they spoke, in Humanish, a language the president had never heard before, but instantly understood.
“You have threatened to kill your people for participating in the upcoming vote,” said the tall skinny nicknack. “We cannot allow you to do that. Our job is to assure a fair vote.”
“You’re such a mean old coot,” added the round-faced eggnog, shaking her finger at him. “This is your only warning. We will have to take more drastic measures if you persist in your use of force and intimidation.”
“Do you understand?” asked nicknack.
The President-for-Life nodded, so the pixies released him from levitation, whereupon he fell to the floor with a crash. A moment later, a guard looked in as the President-For-Life lay writhing on the floor. He tried to speak but found he could barely whisper. He pointed to the open window and the guard rushed over but saw nothing unusual.
The guard helped the President-For-Life back to bed and despite his aching back, he instantly fell asleep. But all his power couldn’t stop him from having strange and scary dreams.

After Marquisa Musqueeza’s celibate night with frustrated mogul Jerry Icenerd, she set out to seduce another entertainment industry big wheel. Icenerd was so embarrassed at having brought the sexy alien home – only to fail to score with her – that he didn’t tell anyone what actually happened and let the social media gossip-mongers blab what they wanted.
Sunday afternoon, Musqueeza had rounded up her bodyguards from Vajonna’s house where they’d partied all night, and they flew to the lavish mansion of the top deal-maker in Hollywood, Rich Hoodwink.
Hoodwink was anxious to meet her, having already heard about the deal she’d made with Icenerd to appear in a worldwide concert.
After landing on the tennis court, surrounded by lush flower gardens, Musqueeza was greeted warmly by Hoodwink, a rare display by the normally standoffish agent-producer.
“Welcome to my humble abode, Marquisa,” he said, taking her hand.
“Charmed to meet such an important, handsome man,” she said, making an old-fashioned curtsy.
“I’ve heard of your supreme talent and I hope we can do business together and make us both a ton of money,” he said. “Money’s nice. I’d love to hear more,” she replied.
“How married are you to the deal with Icenerd?” he asked. “We’re just good friends,” said Marquisa looking down demurely. “We haven’t put anything in writing.”
“Good,” said Hoodwink. “I can offer you a deal that includes headlining the satellite show, a record contract, a concert video and an autobiographical film for theatrical release. The package guarantees you $100 million.”
“Won’t Vajonna throw a hissy fit if she doesn’t get top billing on the show?” asked Musqueeza, delicately running her fingers along his bare arm.
“You just leave her to me, sweetheart,” he said, sliding his arm around her waist and pulling her close.
“Oooh, you’re a fast worker,” said Musqueeza breathlessly.
“I know how to get what I want.” With that, he kissed her hard. She kissed him back and put her arms around him. His hands skimmed down her shoulders and settled on her bumptious breasts which she ground into his groping grip.
“I’m so hot,” she gasped. Quickly, Musqueeza stripped off her dress, then her bra and panties, and stood naked before him. Hoodwink frantically tore off his shirt and dropped his pants while Musqueeza stepped back and twirled around, bouncing her buoyant boobs.
Amidst the fertile flora, she brushed the bulge in his boxers. “With fronds like this, who needs anemones?” she cooed and then dove in the pool. Hoodwink followed her in.
He swam up behind and held her hips. She turned to kiss his neck and softly tongue his ear.
“Your wand is waving,” she purred. “Musqueeza must squeeze ya.” His face nuzzled her bosom as the spacewoman tightened her grip and soon he went out of this world, asserting his effluence.
After a minute, they got out of the pool and wrapped themselves in towels.
“I’m sorry, but I guess that’s show biz,” he said.
Turning away, she muttered under her breath, “No, that’s Hoodwink.”
“I’ll make it up to you later,” he offered.
“Fine,” said Marquisa. “But now I must go. I’ll stay in touch about our deal. You’ll make all the arrangements for Friday night’s show?”
“Yes, yes, of course.”
Musqueeza ducked into a small cabana and got dressed. Then she took off in her buzz bug for Jamaica.

Qal Batismo danced and spoke around South Africa, not only to black audiences but to many whites as well. But she didn’t forget about her new friend Rita, whose husband remained in jail.
On Monday, she went with Rita to visit Peter in prison, listening as he told the story of the night when he and his friend had tried to fight off the white men raping his wife. Peter’s friend had been killed but no one was charged for the killing, altho Peter was convicted of murder for defending his wife and himself.
With Qal’s psychic mind she could see that Peter told the truth of what happened that night. She then went to the warden of the prison and asked if she could give a dance performance for the prisoners. The warden was reluctant but Qal started dancing for him in his office without music, and he was charmed enough to relent. But when she asked about Peter, he just said “Later.”
Many of the prisoners had been incarcerated since they were teenagers decades earlier for minor crimes or, in some cases, completely false charges. Most of the prisoners were black and most of the guards were white, so the atmosphere was thick with racial tension.
When the men gathered in the yard and saw that a woman was to dance for them, their thoughts turned to lust. But that was not what Qal had in mind.
Modestly dressed in loose-fitting pants and t-shirt, she first spoke to the prisoners, explaining that she was from the planet Lumaria and she was here to help spread the word about the vote.
Then she asked if they would sing the old African folk song, “One Day The Sun.” Most of them knew it by heart and they haltingly began to sing it. Soon their rhythms jelled and their voices rose in unison. Some of the men began slapping their thighs or tapping their feet, creating a beat. They got thru the song once and Qal asked them to sing it again. That was when Qal began to dance as the men sang:

“One day the sun spat out a stone – 
Across the sky, the stone went spinning – 
Then water sprang and plants were grown – 
Bursting out the world’s beginning.
Soon came the birds and beasts – 
To feed and roam upon the land – 
Then finally joining last, not least – 
A standing, furless monkey, man.
Thru man’s bellies, eaten prey still walks – 
On man’s voices, wiggled air can sing – 
By man’s language, spirit’s longing talks – 
In man’s dreams, souls release on wing.
Children playing lifts our laughter – 
Elders passing tugs our tears – 
Dancing life till soul’s hereafter – 
Then soaring back to sun like spears.”

Qal began her dance as if she were the sun, from a curled up crouch and she was able to will her aura to a fiery yellow until she leaped high into the air propelling herself like a stone getting spat out. Then she spun rapidly around a circle, her body giving off green and blue colors of the Earth.
The prisoners were transfixed as Qal acted out each line of the song they sang. When it ended, they gave her a strong ovation.
“Thank you for accompanying me,” said Qal to the prisoners. “I’ve never had greater music or inspiration to dance. Or such a captive audience. I am from a planet called Lumaria and we want to help make Earth a planet of peace and justice. If you want that too, then vote yes on Saturday when—”
Before she could finish, two guards came from behind and whisked her out of the yard. She and Rita were then escorted out of the prison. They had not gotten a chance to discuss with the warden the injustice of Rita’s husband’s imprisonment.
They would have to go thru the Truth and Reconciliation Commission, which could take many months, or even years, because there were so many cases to consider. Altho South Africa had made great strides since the removal of apartheid, for many there was a long way to go to attain justice.
In the meantime, Qal continued her speaking and dancing tour of Africa for the cause of the vote.
Chapter 18


There was a knock on Fred and LaVon’s door early Tuesday morning. Fred looked out to see his old basketball buddy, “Jet” Carruthers, along with Big Mo.
“Hey, Jet, s’happenin’?” said Fred. He noticed the serious look on Jet’s face.
“It’s about Shazelle, String.”
“Come on in, man.”
Jet stepped inside and nodded to LaVon who was standing there in her bathrobe.
“I heard something you oughta know, man,” said Jet.
“Do you know where she is?” asked LaVon anxiously. “I’m not sure yet, but I think I can find out,” Jet replied. 
“How so?” asked Fred.
“I heard a couple dudes talkin’, man. I was deliverin’ mail to some building and they were upstairs in the hall and they said somethin’ about a little girl some home boys were holdin’ up there.”
“Oh, my God!” said Lavon. “What should we do?”
“We better call Detective Williams,” said Fred, picking up the phone.
“I wouldn’t,” said Jet. “What does the Man care about black-on-black crime? And if those dudes see the po-lice comin’ they might just cap her.”
Fred put down the phone. “But what else can we do?” 
LaVon dropped down on the couch and started crying.
Jet gestured for Fred to come out on the porch. Outside, he pulled up his shirt to show Fred a pistol tucked into his pants. Mo showed his, too.
“Oh, man, I don’t know,” said Fred.
“It’s a 9 mm, man. It can do the job. And I can get one for you, too. Then we could go in and get Shazelle.”
“I ain’t never done nothin’ like that, Jet. I might mess it up.”
“You gonna trust the po-lice to do it?” asked Jet.
“We got to. We’ve been workin’ with ‘em on this murder that Shazelle saw, and they been okay to us.”
“Well, that’s good. But how do you know they’re gonna protect her when they go in there?”
“I think they will. Hey, I know how it is, Jet. I been stopped plenty of times for nothin’ but driving while black, like you. I just think we got to let the po-lice handle it. But I appreciate your help, for sure, man.”
“Okay, String. Here’s the address.” Jet handed him a piece of paper. “It’s on the second floor. There’s four apartments on a floor so it’s gotta be one of them.”
“Thanks, Jet. I’ll see you dudes later.”
Fred and LaVon then called Detective Williams and gave him the address where Jet had heard the men talking.
Within an hour there were three unmarked police cars pulling up in front of that building, as well as a couple squad cars behind.
Two plainclothes officers went up to the second floor and knocked quickly on all four apartments, announcing “Health Department” in a loud voice thru the closed doors. One by one, the residents emerged.
“Sorry, folks, there’s a gas leak in the basement,” the officers told them. “We have to evacuate the building.”
Three of the apartments had opened up with no one resembling the kidnappers. Once again, the officers knocked on the remaining door, very loudly this time. They could hear rap music playing inside. “Health Department,” they called.
The music inside got lowered. “Who is it?” a male voice demanded from behind the closed door.
“Health Department, sir. There’s a gas leak. We need to evacuate the building.”
There was a long minute of silence. Inside the apartment, Radney Sweet went and looked out the window which faced the rear of the building. In the living room, Kallis Drekk held Shazelle who was gagged and had her hands tied behind her. “There’s a couple pig cars in back,” said Sweet.
“Oh shit, what we gonna do?” asked Drekk.
“We can’t go out there,” said Sweet, looking at the door. From the hall came the voice again, more assertively “Sir, we must evacuate the building now!”
“Just a minute,” said Sweet.
In the meantime, the residents of the first and third floors had also been rousted out and herded across the street. In front of the building. S.W.A.T. team police were gathering. That was also when Fred and LaVon arrived.
At this point, the police commanding officer went up the steps and spoke to the kidnappers thru the door.
“Attention in there! Let the little girl go. It’ll be a lot easier on you. We don’t want anyone to get hurt.”
“GO TO HELL, PIG!” shouted Drekk, holding Shazelle in one hand and a 9 mm pistol in the other. Radney Sweet stood nearby with a gun, too.
Sweet and Drekk looked at each other, unsure of what to do. “We can’t let her go,” said Drekk. “She’ll testify against Earl and us.”
At this, Shazelle shook her head side to side, saying no. Sweet looked at his daughter and a million thoughts ran thru his head. He sure didn’t want to go jail. He needed to protect his gang leader, Earl, who Shazelle had witnessed killing a dude. And he was starting to shake from needing some crack. They’d smoked the last of it hours ago, and he’d just been ready to go score more when the cops came.
“Let me think, man, let me think,” said Sweet. He sat down on the beat up old couch and lit a cigarette.
But other thoughts were in his head now, too. This was his daughter here who was tied up and gagged. His own flesh and blood. He knew he’d fathered at least a couple other children yet he didn’t really know them. But he’d spent the first couple years of Shazelle’s life with LaVon, and for the first time had started to care about having a woman and a child.
That was before he had begun to smoke crack cocaine. Pretty soon, getting high was all that mattered to him. LaVon saw the change in him and gave him a couple of warnings before finally throwing him out – and telling him not to bother coming back until he was straight. Since then the gang had been his family. His life belonged to the gang.
As he took a long drag on his cigarette, Radney decided what they had to do. “We got to get out, man! We got to get away.”
“How we gonna do that?” asked Drekk. “The roof, man. That’s our only chance.”
“You crazy, Radney. How we gonna get up there?”
“Out the window. We can go up the fire escape. Then we can jump to other buildings.”
“You think we can make it?”
“It’s a chance, man. Ain’t nothin’ else left.”
The two men slid out the window with Shazelle sandwiched tightly between them. The police standing behind their building yelled at them to drop their weapons and give up, but in just a few seconds they reached the roof. Then they ran and jumped onto the building next door, pulling Shazelle roughly along.
The kidnappers kept jumping roof to roof. Reaching the last building on the block, they quickly ran down the fire escape to the street. When they ran out into the alley they saw the police coming toward them, yelling “Stop, stop!”
Ignoring the police, Sweet and Drekk dragged the girl across the alley, and down a passageway between two buildings and out to the next street over. There were no police in sight. An old lady was sitting in her car stopped at the traffic light. Drekk ran over and stuck his gun in her window, pointing it at her head. Still holding Shazelle in his other arm, he opened the car door, pulled the old lady out and threw her to the ground.
Drekk shoved Shazelle in the car ahead of him and got in the driver seat. Sweet jumped in the back and Drekk sped off thru the light, which was still red. Just before they went out of sight, the police chasing them on foot emerged from the passageway and saw the car they were driving. A few seconds later the patrol cars came and started pursuit.
The police soon caught up, even tho Drekk was driving very fast. The stolen car was an old sedan but Drekk was trying to maneuver it like a sports car. He zoomed thru several red lights at over 60 miles an hour. Shazelle was whimpering beside him and even Sweet was worried.
“Slow down, man, or we’ll all be killed,” he said.
“HELL, NO!” snarled Drekk. “We gotta outrun ‘em.”
Drekk took a hard turn onto a ramp going up to the bridge. As they got out over the water, they saw two police cars with lights flashing coming toward them. The cops ahead then turned their cars sideways blocking all four lanes in the middle of the bridge. Drekk looked in the mirror and saw several cop cars following them, too.
They were trapped. Drekk screeched to a stop on the bridge, grabbed Shazelle, still bound and gagged, and got out of the car.
Sweet also got out but moved a little more guardedly. Drekk dragged Shazelle to the side of the bridge, where he turned and waved his gun defiantly at the police.
“Don’t come no closer or I’ll throw her over,” he yelled.
“Whoa man,” said Sweet. “We need her alive. Maybe we can make a deal with them.”
They heard the amplified voice of the police: “Drop your weapons and put your hands up.”
Drekk turned toward the cops on the bridge ahead and fired several shots at them. The cops ducked behind their cars. Drekk held Shazelle by the waist with her tummy resting on the guardrail and her head and shoulders over the side of the bridge.
“THEY”LL KILL US!” shouted Sweet. “WE GOT TO GIVE IT UP.”
For his answer, Drekk fired more shots at the cops. Suddenly, Sweet sprang at Drekk and hit him in the jaw with the butt of his gun. Drekk was stunned and dropped to his knees, letting go of Shazelle. Sweet then lunged for Shazelle who was teetering helplessly on the guardrail. He caught his daughter, pulling her back down onto the walkway.
That’s when Drekk stood up and raised his gun again. He fired three bullets into Radney Sweet laying there with his arm around Shazelle. As he took aim at Shazelle, a flurry of bullets from the police tore into his body before he could fire any more. Kallis Drekk fell down dead.
After a minute or two of stillness, the police cautiously approached. They found Shazelle pinned under the arm of Sweet, who was lying in a pool of blood. The girl wasn’t hurt. The police turned Sweet over and saw that he still had a very weak pulse. They untied Shazelle’s hands and released her gag. She looked at Sweet lying in all that blood.
“Daddy!” she cried.
Radney looked up at her. “Baby,” he said, and he died.
The police then took Shazelle to her Mom. When LaVon was able to hold Shazelle in her arms and see that she was safe, she wept for joy. Fred cried too as he hugged Shazelle. They all went home and were able to get some sleep that night.
Chapter 19


When Fairly Middlin arrived home from work Tuesday evening, he was surprised to find no one home. Switching on the television, he saw dramatic video footage of the kidnappers’ shootout on the bridge. He then called Fred to express his relief that Shazelle was alright.
After a while, Donna and the kids came in carrying groceries. “Hello, Fairly,” she called from the kitchen. “There’s more bags in the car.”
The car was full of groceries, at least 10 bags. “What, did you buy out the store?” he asked as he carried a couple in and set them down.
“Well, there really wasn’t much here, you know,” said Donna. “It’s hard to feed a family with a few tv dinners and potato chips.”
“Sure, yeah, you’re right,” said Fairly. “I didn’t mean to be critical.”
“Okay. How about spaghetti and meatballs for dinner?”
“Sounds good. They rescued the little girl of the guy in my crew.”
“Yeah, I heard it on the radio,” said Donna. “It’s lucky she wasn’t killed. Guns are such a menace to the world.”
“Uh huh, but you don’t want just the bad guys to have guns, do you?” asked Fairly.
“I just think it’s crazy to go on this way, where everyone thinks they have to have more guns all the time.”
“I guess so,” said Fairly tentatively.
“Maybe this vote thing will take us out of the vicious cycle we’ve gotten stuck in,” said Donna.
“I don’t know. Do you think we can trust giving control of the whole world to these space people we don’t even know?”
“All I know is I’ve never felt so safe as I did during those few minutes when the light surrounded us,” said Donna. “I’d like to have a chance to live like that, safe and secure.”
“Hmmm,” said Fairly as he went into the living room and sat down to read the paper.
After dinner, Fairly played a game of Candyland with the kids. When it was Hairly’s bedtime, he read his boy a story and softly crept out as Hairly fell asleep. Donna was reading and Kristy coloring a picture in the living room as Fairly looked at them silently from the hall. He knew there was a little tension between himself and Donna already, but he didn’t dare talk about it with her. If they could just stay together, he thought, their differences would be ironed out and everything would be fine. He turned and went to the bedroom he now shared with his wife, got in bed and soon went to sleep.

Camilla Piquanto got home from work to her apartment, sweltering as usual. She got out of her jeans and t-shirt, then took a cool shower. She wanted to do something fun after another miserable day at work. Altho it had only been a few days since the landlord had forced himself on her, it was starting to fade from her mind. The experience with the light on Saturday had lifted her spirits and given her some hope for the future.
After a little nap, she put on a light summer dress, a pink flower print with lace edging around the hem and neckline. She pinned her hair back, put lipstick on and looked in the mirror.
She liked to feel feminine. Then she went down the stairs, skipping over the nodding junkies, and walked down the street.
A few blocks along, Camilla stopped at a Chinese take-out place and picked up some food. Then she sat at the bus stop and ate her dinner. Soon the bus came and took her downtown.
When she got off the bus, Camilla went in a nightclub. She sat at the bar and drank a salty margarita. The band began to play Latin music and the beat was enticing. Camilla couldn’t help tapping her toes on the footrail and bobbing around on the barstool.
At a table nearby were seated two guys and a gal. Camilla was watching the band but she did notice one of the guys nudge the other and look in her direction. After a few more tunes and another margarita, no one had yet asked her to dance.
The guy who had nudged the other one then came over. “Miss, would you care to dance with my brother over here?”
“Why doesn’t he ask me himself?”
“He’s shy around girls. And he’s not really a good dancer. But I think he likes your looks.”
Camilla’s face showed skepticism but she got up and went over to their table. The guy who’d approached her made introductions.
“My name’s Manuelo. This is my wife Risa, and my brother Carlos. Would you like to join us?”
“Hola, I’m Camilla,” she said, sitting down next to Carlos. They made small talk for a while but Carlos said very little.
Finally, Camilla got up her nerve. “Would you like to dance, Carlos?”
He looked away and shook his head. “I can’t dance.”
Camilla smiled and pulled him up by the hand. “I’ll teach you. It’s easy,” she said, dragging him onto the dance floor.
Carlos was kind of short, barely taller than Camilla, but he had a strong, wiry frame, a friendly face and deep, dark eyes under thick eyebrows. As he tried to dance, he was very stiff, jerking his shoulders back and forth awkwardly. Camilla held his hands and undulated sensuously to the sexy rhythms. Carlos looked sheepish and embarrassed, hardly making eye contact with his partner.
Camilla placed her hands on his sides and moved in close, looking him in the eye. “Loosen up, dude,” she said. “Let the music move you.”
Her whole body was writhing to the beat, including her jiggling breasts, which is where Carlos happened to be looking as he attempted to avoid her inquisitive eyes. With so much stimulation, he did start to respond, moving his hips a bit from side to side. Watching her many movements, he was overwhelmed but he copied her enough to fake it.
Camilla nodded, smiling, and Carlos smiled back. She was hard to resist even tho he felt silly trying to dance. Pretty soon the band took a break and they sat down. “What do you do, Carlos?” she asked.
“I’m a student,” he replied. 
“What are you studying?”
“Pre-law. I’ll be a senior this year. After that I hope to go to law school.” At this, he waited for some kind of cynical or disappointed response from Camilla. But she still looked interested. “And what do you do?” he asked.
“Uh, I manage a glass company,” she said, but quickly shifted the focus back to him. “It must be tough to be a full-time student and try to make ends meet.”
“Well, I’m working as a clerk at a law firm for the summer and I’m hoping to save enough that I won’t have to work too much next semester.”
When the band came back, Camilla found it a bit easier to coax Carlos onto the dance floor. They managed to work up quite a sweat together. After a few tunes, they were both getting tired.
“I better go home now, I’ve got to work in the morning,” said Camilla.
“Yeah, me too,” said Carlos.
She hesitated, then got up to go. “Well, thanks for the dances, buenos noches.” She slowly walked toward the door.
Manuelo poked Carlos and whispered to him. Carlos got up and hurried after Camilla. “May I call you sometime?” he asked.
Camilla looked in his face and saw someone she might like to know better. She nodded and gave him Mama’s phone number because she didn’t have a phone, tho she didn’t let on. “If I’m not there just leave a message with my mama,” said Camilla.
Then she surprised herself, and him, by giving Carlos a little peck on the cheek. She hurried out of the club and down the block to her bus stop. On the way, a couple of winos called to her, “Hey, puta, how about some, eh?” But she felt so good she hardly noticed.
Chapter 20


The United Nations held a special session Tuesday morning at its headquarters in New York. Won Persent was there to present his check for one billion dollars, along with an additional $22 billion he’d gathered from his billionaire buddies, for the plan to give $100 per family in the poorest nations.
The Secretary of the United Nations, Cafe Latte, accepted the money gratefully at a press conference. “This is an unprecedented gesture toward economic fairness in the world. In the poorest countries, $100 could equal a family’s yearly income. It could mean the difference between starvation and survival. Here is the man who made this possible, Mr. Won Persent.”
“Thank you, Secretary Latte,” said Persent. “It is our sincere hope that this money can help lift people out of their poverty so that everyone can share in the American dream, or the Tanzanian dream, the Bolivian dream, whatever. I would like to encourage other fortunate folks of major means to join us with a generous check today to the United Nations Poverty Relief Of Formerly Insignificant Trash. Your contribution to UNPROFIT might be the wisest investment you’ll ever make, as it could help ensure the freedom of the world from the attempted takeover by alien forces, which would result in the loss of our great free enterprise system.”
“Thank you, Mr. Persent,” said Cafe Latte. “Whatever your motivation, this money will be put to good use, I assure you. Starting today, United Nations personnel will depart for poor countries around the world to carry out the distribution. Let us hope these contributions signal a new attitude by the world’s wealthy to share their bounty with the poor on whose backs they have climbed to financial heights.”
After the press conference, the United Nations General Assembly met to consider the issue of the Lumans’ proposal. They decided to invite representatives of the Lumans, as well as opponents, to speak before the Assembly on Thursday.
By Tuesday, other influential commentators were speaking out on the coming vote. In The New York Times, columnist Reinhold Asspire produced one of his projected-viewpoint essays on the issue. Tho his only qualification for columny consisted of concocting cute elocutions for cutthroat President Trick Dickson, the conservative Asspire drew on his prodigious powers of perception for the piece, which was printed in a plethora of papers. Here is Asspire’s column:
“Reading The Luman Mind”
“Having traveled across the galaxy, we Lumans want to make our effort count with a resounding victory in the Earth vote. Our most natural allies, the poor, will respond viscerally to the light we provided at the vote’s announcement. Harder to sway will be the middle and upper classes but their numbers don’t amount to the necessary 34% opponents need to defeat the vote, except in Europe and the United States, which aren’t Earth’s population centers.
“The Ranks, with their own plot to pillory the planet, are avid to ally with armies and aristocracies, but they have little to offer Earth’s long-suffering people compared to the peace we proffer.
“We Lumans are vulnerable to be compared to the failed communism that repressed the residents of Russia and its hostage countries for decades. A week is too short to explain the vast difference between Soviet dictatorial collectivism and our socially-democratic economic equality. Earth’s people, having been force-fed anti-socialist stories by the big capitalists for so long, won’t easily erase their fear and distrust, even if most stand to gain from the new world order.
“We must be prepared to overcome our opponents’ re-awakening of the anti-communist fervor that was the free world’s prevailing political propaganda until the advent of the 1990’s. That public relations campaign was obviated by the fall of communism, except in China where the authoritarians remain entrenched. Earth’s most populous nation is politically stable but contains widespread simmering resentment (despite some economic loosening) as seen in the demonstration for democracy at Tiananmen Square, and the subsequent massacre whose wounds haven’t fully healed.
“The biggest hurdle we Lumans must leap to land the hearts and minds of Earthlings is old-fashioned conservatism – the skepticism people have about any big change in their lives.
"Ordinarily an understandable attitude, we must show this conservatism to now be an impediment to producing peace.
“Thus, as we dwell on the desperate need for transformation, we risk being labeled nattering nabobs of negativism. This aspersion can be assuaged by inter-mingling with Earth’s people so they can feel that we are real and regular folks with their best interests at heart, instead of effete snobs from space imposing a paternalistic province.
“Another obstacle to our vote is presented by established religions which regard us as a threat to their influence. We must tread lightly with Earth’s spiritual leaders, assuring them we aren’t attempting to displace them in the eyes of their followers. Further, we must satisfy religious people of all faiths that our plan would not violate their beliefs, and freedom of religion would be preserved in our system.
“Ultimately, our plan is at the mercy of the Earthlings’ instincts. Tho we appeal to their higher dreams, they might defensively dismiss us as meddlers, and send us stymied back to Lumaria. We would then be done with them and Earth would be left to stew in its unsustainable state.
“Still, we hold a powerful tool to aid our endeavor: the light. Any arguments against our political and pecuniary plans can be mitigated in the minds of many by that luminous luster.
“We have a similarity to the movie star who won America’s presidency on charisma and amiability, despite having only a minority of voters who agreed with his principles. The difference is that we’re not just here for show, we actually have principles.
“If charisma counts and if substance is significant, we Lumans will lure the super-majority we need to perform our good deed.”
Another conservative columnist, George Won’t, came out vehemently versus the vote. Here is but one sentence that appeared in The Washington Post and 800 other papers. As with every Won’t piece, an editor’s advisory cautions readers to remember to breathe.
“The new-age neo-socialism currently coerced on voters of the world disguises, in reality, little more than warmed over 19th century Marxist-Utopianism (with its attendant wishful dreaming of mankind’s mythical higher nature) which was discredited by the horrific Soviet experiment’s failure after a seven-tenths of a century authoritarian reign, and despite being cloaked in a space show adorned with high-tech freeze-frame special effects, Utopianism remains an anemic theory compared to the most vital documents ever written: the New Testament (providing divine guidance on man’s essential state of imperfection resulting from original sin, a factor the space aliens conveniently ignore) and the Constitution of the United States, which the aliens best keep their cotton-pickin’ hands off while handing out entitlements in a planetary program of affirmative action until every shred of human dignity and positive impulse, such as self-advancement and ingenuity, are ground and bound into a Godless mindless mishmash of mediocrity.”
Besides persnickity pricks and pompous prigs, progressive pundits also pursued the polemic. Syndicated columnist Holly Mavins wrote:
“Hot diggity dog! I never thought I’d live to see the day when we’d have a chance to stop the gun lovers from bullying the pacifist rest of us who would rather have a picnic and a couple Lone Star Lites than the thrill of a pointy thing in our hands go boom.
“That heavenly light last Saturday was the brightest thing to hit Texas since John Henry Falk died. Now, I do have a lot of questions and concerns about the way things would be run by these Luman folks. But the way I figure it, the space people got to be a lot better than the political prostitutes and diabolical dictators now running our world into the ground.
“At least the Lumas are giving us a choice. If their intentions were sinister, wouldn’t they just take over? And Lord knows we need some help. After a lifetime in the news biz, I’ve seen too many wars, riots and school shootings to believe human beings are going to come to peace in this world on our own.
“For the majority of the world’s people, who are mostly poor as dirt, this will be their first vote. Should be fascinating what they’ll say after so long without any say at all. Will they be fooled by the desperate gestures of reconciliation by the rich?
“We’re eating up the land faster than a plague of locusts.
"We’re fouling the air and water like there’s no tomorrow. Can we afford wishful waiting that the next generation will reverse our destructive course?
“Before the corporations come to own everything, including the government, we deserve to decide on a democratic destiny. I like a barbeque where everyone gets a bite. Count me in.”

On Tuesday, Luman President Raven Wandering accepted an invitation to a debate at the United Nations to be televised Thursday night.
Also on Tuesday morning, Baron Byron and Princess Salacia flew to New York and met with top advertising executives to implement Scheme 666. By that evening, TV networks were already showing anti-Luman commercials. 
One ad went like this: Scene: A high school football game with pretty cheerleaders on the sidelines kicking up their legs. “God Bless America” being played by the school band. The picture changes to American soldiers in World War II, followed by a sailor kissing a woman in the street upon news the war is over. Then in rapid succession: a black girl in graduation gown with her proud parents, cowboys herding their cattle toward a majestic sunset, a young blonde mom and dad holding their baby in front of a white house with a white picket fence.
The music is cued down to background as male announcer’s voiceover begins. “America, the greatest country the world has ever known. America, where our fathers and grandfathers died to keep us free.” Now the visual shows a gang of guys robbing a convenience store and shooting the old lady clerk. Then we see the police in pursuit of the thugs. Next frame has the thugs captured and handcuffed.
Announcer: “Let’s preserve our American way of life. Let’s preserve our right to defend ourselves from those who would kill our families for money or just for kicks. Remember, when guns are outlawed, only outlaws will have guns.” Music is cued back up as a gospel group sings final verse of “God Bless America,” while sunbeams cascade brightly thru the clouds.
Chapter 21


Marquisa Musqueeza landed her buzzbug on a remote beach in Puerto Rico. Her bodyguards came out but there was no one around, so they went back onboard. Marquisa emerged with a blanket and spread it out on the gleaming white sand. She took off her clothes and lay in the sun for a while. Then she went for a naked swim in the sea.
Tired but tingly from the waves’ caresses, Marquisa emerged from the surf. She moved her blanket to the shade of some trees, lay down and relaxed. After a while she fell asleep.
In her dream, Musqueeza was on a surfboard struggling to keep her balance as a big wave swept her toward the shore. Then the wave crashed on the beach but the surfboard kept going right across the sand. As the beach reached the woods, Musqueeza’a surfboard went airborne and rose above the trees. At first she felt nervous but soon became accustomed to flying on this board above the lush green forest. Gliding high like that, she felt so light, so free. The sun was warm as she surfed the wind with a power she hadn’t felt for a long, long time. Then the surfboard descended slowly as she circled back to the beach, coming to a soft, sliding stop.
“Would Marquisa care for dinner?” asked one of her bodyguards. He was leaning over her naked body as she awoke from her dream.
Suddenly feeling modest, Musqueeza pulled a towel over herself. “Um, yes, I’ll be along pretty soon,” she replied. As the bodyguard walked away, she sat up and stared pensively out to sea.
After a bit, Musqueeza returned to her ship and had dinner with her crew. As dusk drew near, they embarked on a tour of the island in the buzz bug. As they approached San Juan, they noticed another buzz bug hovering there.
Both ships touched down and as Marquisa came out surrounded by her bodyguards, she saw a short, stocky man amble out of the other ship alone. He was singing and playing guitar as he walked right into the crowd, which parted before him. The singer introduced himself as Armando Guitarmo from Lumaria.
Being a superstar performer on her own planet had made Marquisa very hard to impress, but that snootiness melted away as she fell under the spell of Guitarmo. It was like when she was a young teenager, thrilling to the voice of a singer she heard on her rickety radio. Those were the days when she’d been very poor and sometimes the music felt like her only friend. It was that feeling of fulfillment, that shiver up her spine, which had told her way back then that music was what she would do for the rest of her life.
Now even her macho bodyguards were swaying and smiling as the Luman emissary played his music. Marquisa grew self- conscious that she’d been staring open-mouthed at the entrancing singer, but then she noticed that all the islanders were entranced as well.
Guitarmo sang a couple more songs and then walked amid the crowd talking and shaking hands with people. Marquisa hung back, actually feeling a little shy and unsure of herself. But then Guitarmo walked right up and held out his hand.
“Marquisa Musqueeza, it’s an honor to meet you. I’m one of your biggest fans.”
“Thank you,” she could barely whisper. “You sing wonderfully.”
“That means so much coming from you,” he replied. “Hey, I know we’re on opposing sides about the vote and all, but I’d really like to sing with you sometime, if you’re interested.”
“Sure, I’d love to sing with you,” said Musqueeza.
“What about tomorrow evening? I’ll be in Kingston, Jamaica around this time if you’d care to join me.”
“That sounds great. See you then.”
He nodded, smiling, then moved on thru the crowd. Musqueeza felt excited and disoriented at once. It wasn’t only from Armando’s music that she felt all flushed.

After spending several days at the Vatican, Luman Bishop Lou Cypher flew his buzz bug on Wednesday to Chicago, U.S.A. There he was greeted by Archbishop Stanislaus Zabrewski, a big barrel-chested man with a ruddy face, who had been advised by the Vatican of Cypher’s arrival.
“Welcome to Chicagoland, Bishop. May your stay be fruitful.”
“Thank you, Archbishop. This is a beautiful city and your archdiocese is large and devout, I hear. I envy you.”
“Yes, the devotion of millions of Catholics is worthy of envy if one were to indulge in that deadly sin,” said Zabrewski with a wink. “Would you care to accompany me to a special Mass I’m saying at Grant Park? I was just preparing to leave.”
“That would be nice. Thank you.”
They got in the back seat of the big white car and the driver whisked them off to the park. There, a throng of nearly 200,000 Catholics awaited the Archbishop on this warm summer eve. As Zabrewski said Mass, Cypher watched the prayerful congregants.
During the sermon, there was a respectful silence from the crowd as Archbishop Zabrewski conveyed the Pope’s message regarding the Lumans’ proposal. The people did not object to his firm admonition to reject the plan in favor of renewed faith in Jesus Christ and His Church. Again, as in Rome, Lou Cypher was struck by the devotees’ devotion. His own congregation back on Lumaria was too independently minded for such faithful zeal.
After the mass, Cypher and Zabrewski returned to the Archbishop’s private quarters for a fine meal and a couple beers. “I admire the deep connection your parishioners feel to the Church,” said Bishop Cypher.
“Well, we have 2,000 years of tradition. And we ARE the one true church. But I’m interested to know about your own planet. To what religion do you belong?”
“I’m Episcotist,” said Cypher. “We’re similar to Earth’s Unity Church in that we emphasize the common goals of different religions.”
“Ah, yes, Unity is tolerant to a fault of non-Christian religions." 
“Well, we feel religious freedom and tolerance is an important component of peace. When there are billions of people with differing views of creation and spirituality, it seems best to find common ground.”
“Yes, yes. But of course, one always hopes to show them the way of Christ so that they may find redemption,” pointed out Zabrewski.
“I’ve heard of your late predecessor, Cardinal Burnademon. He was famous for building bridges to unite disparate groups.”
“Your planet heard of Archbishop Burnademon? That’s remarkable. He was quite loved by our parishioners, it’s true. The Vatican sometimes took a dim view of him, tho.”
“Why was that?” asked Cypher.
“He took…shall we say, liberties, with the teachings of Church law. He was a leader of America’s liberal movement which is frowned upon by Rome for its impetuous challenges of Papal authority. He was a fine priest but he didn’t improve the Vatican’s view of American Catholicism, which they’ve long felt was headed to Hell in a hot rod.”
“Hmmm, with this Archdiocese having been led by such a maverick, perhaps Chicago’s Catholics will opt for the offer made by we Lumans in the coming vote.”
“Don’t count on it,” said Zabrewski. “Your vote contradicts our belief that the savior of the world is Jesus Christ, not some socialistic space people. And we CAN deliver the vote in Chicago, where you don’t even have to be living to be counted.”
“What about all the Catholics around the Earth?” asked Cypher. “Do you think the Pope’s word will hold sway with them to vote no?”
“Yes, I do,” said Zabrewski. “There are nearly a billion Catholics in the world and they revere the Pope as Christ’s representative on Earth. Oh, some might stray a bit on matters of birth control or somesuch, but when it comes to an important decision regarding their beliefs and their future, they’re going to rely on the Church that has been there for them their whole lives, rather than an unknown quantity advertising pie-in-the-sky promises.”
“I see. That’s understandable,” said Cypher. “It must be very comforting to be trusted by so many with their souls.”
“Yes, it’s our divine calling, after all. That’s why the sacrament of Ordination into priesthood is called Holy Orders.”
“I think I’d be lonely without my wife in your Church,” said Cypher.
“That’s a sacrifice that takes a great deal of forethought by our seminarians before making a commitment. However, there is an exception for a priest who converts from another Christian denomination. He’s allowed to keep his wife and children as a Catholic priest.”
“Oh, really!” replied Bishop Cypher. “That’s interesting.” 
After a pause, Zabrewski asked, “So where will you travel next on your tour of Earth?”
But Bishop Cypher was deep in thought with his finger pressed to his lips. The Archbishop cleared his throat and repeated the question.
“I think I shall return to Rome,” said Cypher. “There’s something I’d like to discuss with His Holiness. Thank you for an enlightening visit.”
As he left the building, there was a sparrow perched on the handrail busily chirping away. Cypher hesitated a moment and listened. Normally he, like many Lumans, could understand the language of birds and all creatures, but now the sparrow just seemed to squeak. Cypher shrugged and got in the sleek white car that took him to his buzz bug. Then he zoomed back to Rome.


When United Nations representatives fanned out to LDC’s (Less Developed Countries or as some of the privileged joked, Lice Decrepit Countries) to disperse the bounty from the billionaires, chaos ensued.
In Somalia, armed bandits kidnapped the U.N. envoy right as he got off the plane, then searched him for cash. When they didn’t find any, they beat him to death. Actually, the money was being transferred electronically to banks in the receiving countries, which would then set up accounts to be administered by local agencies, with oversight from the U.N. people.
It turned out to be a logistical nightmare. In many locales, the authorities were so corrupt they immediately forced families who were eligible for the $100 to hand over the money. Most of the recipients had never dealt with bank accounts so they were easy prey for swindlers.
There were some exceptions on the positive side. In Bangladesh, one of the world’s poorest nations, the Grammeen Bank already had a tradition of loaning money successfully to extremely poor people, with no collateral except peer pressure to re-pay the loans. Even without security, the bank enjoyed a re-payment rate higher than many banks in rich countries.
Since it was accustomed to distributing money to illiterate people who were ignorant of financial matters, Grammeen and similar banks in other countries were able to fairly distribute the grants and advise folks about investing it. Altho in the developed world $100 was an absurdly small investment amount, for the destitute in undeveloped nations, it could actually buy tools, materials or livestock enough for a family to make a start toward self-sufficiency.
But in many poor areas, corruption by local authorities and the poor’s ignorance of banking combined to greatly reduce fair distribution of the money, at least in the timely manner hoped for by the benefactors.
Chapter 22


Armando Guitarmo circled his buzz bug over Kingston’s soccer stadium as a game got underway. Being short, as a kid he’d been drawn to soccer rather than basketball, Lumaria’s other popular sport. So he enjoyed his bird’s eye view from the bug’s window. At halftime, he announced with the buzz bug’s loudspeakers that there would be musical entertainment after the game.
Most of the fans stayed around following the match. With the field clear, Armando slowly lowered his bug to the grass, the lights putting on a flashy show just as darkness fell.
Armando walked out strumming his guitar, golden aura glowing, then waved to the crowd, which greeted him enthusiastically. He carried a couple wireless microphones along with his guitar, which were amplified by the hovering buzz bug’s circular sound system.
“Hello, I’m Armando Guitarmo from the planet Lumaria. We brought you a moment in the light a few days ago. This Saturday you’ll have a chance to vote on accepting our help to make a peaceful world. But right now, I’d like to play for you.” 
The Luman musician played some of his own songs that were similar to reggae music. Soon the solitary singer soothed the crowd of 50,000, making them mellow even tho just a few minutes earlier they’d been rowdy for the soccer game.
In the middle of a song, the crowd let out a roar as another buzz bug flew over the stadium and landed close to where Armando stood. Out ran the red-haired Marquisa in a purple sequined minidress that barely went below her buns.
“Folks, please welcome my special guest from the planet Rankor – Marquisa Musqueeza!” said Armando as she twirled herself around and bowed, then went over to whisper to Armando.
“I forgot to ask you what we would sing,” she said.
“There must be a classic we both know,” he replied. “How about Gershwin?”
“Someone To Watch Over Me?” she asked.
“Sure! You take the lead and I’ll back you up.”
So Marquisa took the microphone and sang:

“There’s a saying old, says that love is blind; 
Still we’re often told, seek and ye shall find;
So I’m going to seek a certain lad I’ve had in mind. 
Looking everywhere, haven’t found him yet, 
He’s the big affair I cannot forget.
Only man I ever think of with regret.
I’d like to add his initial to my monogram;
Tell me, where is the shepherd for this lost lamb.”

Musqueeza turned to look at Armando who was softly humming harmony. In the past, she’d sung with others before and gazed meaningfully at the person she was singing with for dramatic effect, tho in reality she felt little emotion. But with Armando’s admiring eyes upon her, she felt flushed and shy, barely able to make eye contact as she sang the wistful chorus with a girlish sweetness in her voice:

“There’s somebody I’m longing to see, 
I hope that he
Turns out to be
Someone who’ll watch over me.
I’m a little lamb 
who’s lost in the wood
I know I could
Always be good
To one who’ll watch over me.
Although he may not be the man some
Girls think of as handsome, 
To my heart he carries the key.
Won’t you tell him please 
to put on some speed, 
Follow my lead, 
Oh, how I need
Someone to watch over me.”
(Copyright George and Ira Gershwin, Warner Brothers, ASCAP)

The audience erupted in applause for her beautiful rendition of the old show tune as Armando hugged her.
“How about closing with ‘The Harder They Come’?” he asked.
“Yeah,” said Marquisa. “Let’s alternate verses, then we’ll join together for the chorus.”
As the twosome started into Jimmy Cliff’s reggae hit, there was a roar of recognition from the crowd. The two sang while Armando played and the crowd clapped their hands for rhythm. Their voices sailed on the warm evening air as they sang that anthem to freedom. By the time they got to the last verse, the whole crowd was on their feet singing along:

“I’ll keep on fighting for the things I want, 
Though I know that when you’re dead you can’t. 
Well, I’d rather be a free man in my grave, 
Than living as a puppet or a slave. 
So as sure as the sun will shine, 
I’m gonna get my share now – what’s mine, 
And then the harder they come, 
The harder they fall – One and all.”
(Copyright Jimmy Cliff, Universal Songs of Polygram, BMI)

As they finished the song and took a bow, a man walked out of the stands and raised a short automatic weapon. A staccato burst of shots rang out, aimed at the singers.
Armando was protected by his force field and the bullets meant for him were repelled, dropping harmlessly at his feet.
Marquisa wasn’t so lucky. As soon as he could, Armando moved in front of her but it happened too fast, and she was struck by two bullets, one to the chest and one to the throat. She collapsed, covered in blood.
As Armando bent over her, Marquisa’s bodyguards quickly disarmed the gunman. The crowd looked on, hushed and stunned.
Musqueeza, near death, opened her eyes and looked into Armando’s but she couldn’t speak. At this point Armando’s aura was lit up like a Christmas tree. With light pouring from his hands, he put his fingers to her ravaged chest, pushing his hand in between the shattered ribs amid the gory mess, and grabbed the bullet which was lodged only an inch from her heart. Then he prayed and meditated while holding his hands to her wounds, one to her heart, one to her throat where the other bullet had passed thru and severed her vocal cords.
Musqueeza’s wounds stopped bleeding as Armando held them with his glowing hands. After a few minutes of treatment with the light thru Armando, her skin and organs closed back up and her throat and chest were restored to a normal, healthy state.
Marquisa’s bodyguards came over to check on her and they were amazed to see her wounds all healed. She stood up and walked, her dress splattered with blood, but she was good as new. The crowd was jubilant. Then she reprised the final verse she had sung a short while before. Never had she felt a lyric so deeply as she did at this moment:

“Won’t you tell him please 
To put on some speed, 
Follow my lead – 
Oh, how I need
Someone to watch over me.”

Upon finishing, Musqueeza went over and embraced Armando. “You saved my life. How can I ever thank you?”
“Seeing your face and hearing your voice is thanks enough, but I wouldn’t mind spending some time with you,” said Armando.
They grinned like a couple of kids. Then Musqueeza told her bodyguards to take the night off. She and Armando then boarded his buzz bug and flew off. They landed on a deserted beach where they went for a moonlight swim. Then they put a blanket down and lay together on the sand with the waves whooshing ashore behind them. They kissed and held each other for a long time.
The randy Rankor redhead was quite experienced in sex but on this beautiful beach under the silver moon with this magical music man, she felt like a virgin touched for the very first time, for now she felt a brand new emotion – Musqueeza wanted to make love.
So she was surprised when Armando said, “I think we better slow down,” as he held her in his arms.
“Oh, you don’t want to?” she asked.
“I want to very much. You’re luscious and lovely, but I think it’s too soon for us to get this intimate,” relied Armando. “How ‘bout if we just snuggle?”
Never before had a man declined sex with Musqueeza. It gave her a bit of shock for a moment but then she saw the wisdom in Armando’s restraint. If there was any chance of a serious relationship between them, casual sex could jeopardize it. But she couldn’t help but notice now the feeling of frustration that she’d made many a man endure.


Dank Van Rank spent a couple of wonderful days as Anna’s lover while touring Paris. The couple indulged liberally in lovedust, too. Then Dank rode his motorcycle alone back to the wooded area where he’d hidden his buzz bug.
His little private ship was gone.
Now he didn’t know what to do. He had some French money but he had no communication system to get in touch with the Rank Mother Ship. He didn’t even have a change of clothes.
There were police cars hidden there keeping the site under surveillance. When the police saw Dank approach and then attempt to leave, they apprehended him. When they searched him they found nothing to connect him to the spaceship they’d removed from the site, but they were still suspicious. And they confiscated a small bag of lovedust he had in his pocket.
Dank was taken to police headquarters in Paris and questioned aggressively. They could tell that he wasn’t French by his accent but he carried no identification and his motorcycle had no registration. In fact, it was a type they’d never seen, one that didn’t seem to use fuel.
The police held Dank for quite a few hours. Finally, they arrested him for driving without a license and registration. They allowed him to make two phone calls. On the first, of course, he ordered escargot take-out. With the other, he called Anna. She borrowed a car from a neighbor and came to pick him up. Dank spent most of his remaining money to post bail.
“What happened?” asked Anna.
“Oh, I was taking a ride in the country and they stopped me for speeding.”
“Nuh uh,” said Anna. “They don’t take you to police headquarters for speeding.”
Dank avoided her gaze as she drove. “Well, I misplaced my license and registration, too. They impounded my motorcycle. Shouldn’t you be watching the road?”
Anna glanced impatiently at the road then looked back at Dank. “There’s something fishy about this. Are you in a gang or something? Is this about some drug deal? I knew that lovedust was illegal.”
“There’s no law on Earth against lovedust,” said Dank.
“Huh? On Earth? You Americans talk funny!” remarked Anna.
After his ordeal with the police, Dank was a bit out of sorts – the way skinny people tend to get if they go more than a few hours without food. So he wasn’t being very careful with what he was saying. “I mean, you people don’t even know about it. Hey, there’s the place I ordered take-out.”
While Dank was in the restaurant picking up his food, Anna sat in the car mulling over the things he’d said. He came back and started gobbling his food as she resumed driving.
“Anna, thanks for picking me up. That was kinda rough with the police. It was so good to see you show up there.”
“It’s okay, I don’t mind. I just don’t get what’s going on.”
As they drove on, Anna turned it over in her mind what Dank had said. ‘No law on Earth’ and ‘you people don’t know about it’ seemed such odd phrases. Unless…no.
“You couldn’t be…” she said out loud. 
“What?”
“Nothing. It’s silly.”
They continued on in silence. Then Anna fished a little. “I was reading in the paper about these space aliens while you were out,” she said. “You know, about this vote thing?”
“I don’t read the paper much,” said Dank. “Too depressing.”
“Anyway, did you know there’s two different groups of aliens? The Lumans are the ones doing the vote next Saturday and the other ones are called…”
“Ranks,” said Dank, still absentmindedly gobbling his food. “That’s like your name – Dank Van Rank,” said Anna. She stared at him. He gave her a little half smile.
“IT’S TRUE!” she screamed. “YOU’RE ONE OF THEM!” Since Anna wasn’t watching her driving, the car smashed into a light pole. Neither Dank or Anna were wearing seatbelts so both their heads went into the windshield. Fortunately, they weren’t going too fast. Dank was cut but remained conscious. Anna was knocked out by the blow to her head. Dank checked her pulse and respiration. She didn’t seem to be in any danger. He pulled her over to the passenger side, went around and got in the driver’s seat. Then he drove them home, just before the car overheated from the radiator leaking dry.
The police who were tailing them watched the accident happen but they didn’t interfere. They’d also heard the whole conversation with an eavesdropping device they had concealed under Dank’s collar.
Dank carried Anna up to her room and laid her down on the bed. He put some ice in a plastic bag and placed it softly on her forehead. Then he sat beside her until she she woke up. “What happened?” she asked groggily.
“We hit a pole. You’ll be alright. How do you feel?”
“My head hurts.” She looked up at him. “Are you really a space alien?”
Dank hesitated. But he didn’t have the heart to lie to her. “I’m from the planet Rankor. My family rules our world but I don’t like them very much so I don’t take part. I just wanted to look around and see what else was going on in the galaxy.”
“You lied to me,” she said.
“Anna, I didn’t know you then. It would be crazy to tell people that I’m from another planet. But I’m sorry I hurt you.”
“Are you gonna shed your skin and turn into some space lizard?”
“No, I’m human just like you. Please trust me.”
Anna kept silent then, searching his eyes for the real human behind her lover’s mask. As he looked back at her, she could see in his face a genuine concern for her feelings. Anna sighed and reached up to him. Dank knelt beside the bed and held her gently in his arms.


Bishop Cypher was greeted warmly by Monsignor Guiltony on his arrival back at the Vatican. “There’s something I’d like to discuss with the Pope, please, if I could get another audience.”
“Of course,” said Guiltony. “I’m sure His Holiness would welcome another visit with you, Bishop.”
They went to Pope Joe Bob’s private office. Altho he was kneeling deep in prayer, the Pontiff snapped out of it. “Bishop Cypher, what a pleasure to see you. Are you here to further confer on the vote?”
“No, Holiness. This is more of a personal matter. I’ve become quite intrigued by the Catholic Church. I’m considering converting. But would I lose my standing as a Bishop that I currently hold, if I switched allegiance?”
“Well, this is very good news for the Church. We would welcome you, of course, and there would be no reason for a demotion. In fact, with your wisdom and experience I would be pleased to name you to the College of Cardinals. That is, if I could count on you for support.”
“Yes, Your Holiness, I would expect to serve your needs.”
“Would you be willing to publicly recommend that people of the world vote against the Lumans’ proposal?” asked the Pope. “Oh, I don’t know,” said the Bishop. “That would be turning away from my people and our mission to bring peace to Earth.”
“A mission doomed to failure,” said the Pontiff. “You’ve witnessed the devotion of our flock in Rome and America. There are nearly a billion Catholics around the world who will follow the Church in rejecting the vote. If you join with us, you will instantly be in a powerful position with Earth’s number one religion. And you will serve Earth’s spiritual needs more meaningfully by leading people to the teachings of Jesus Christ, the real savior of the world.”
“Your Holiness makes a convincing case. Would I be able to have my wife and family as a cardinal in the Church?”
“Absolutely. And you could choose your own assignment from many available across the globe,” said the Pope.
“Then yes, your Holiness, I promise to support you and the Church in every way, including lending my voice to oppose the vote,” said LouCypher.
“Welcome to the One True Church, my son. You may kiss my ring.”







































Chapter 23


Wednesday was another humpdrum day for the window washing crew. The sun baked Camilla, Fairly and Mal, the temporary worker from Sudan, as they squeegeed up and down the tall building on their platform. Altho their personalities weren’t compatible, they tried some conversation while having lunch on the ground under a tree.
“So how do you like America?” asked Fairly.
“Some ways good, some ways crazy,” Mal replied. “The government let me come here but not my family.”
“That must be tough to be so far from your wife and children,” Fairly sympathized. “I know what it’s like to be separated from your family.”
“Yes, my wife good woman. She brought rich dowry to marriage – 4 goats, a cow, some chickens.”
“You mean her family had to give you those animals for you to marry her?” asked Camilla.
“Is right,” said Mal. “Woman not worth much herself.”
“Women shouldn’t be for sale,” Camilla protested. “They’re worth just as much as men, probly more.”
“That’s why America crazy country. Women don’t obey husbands. They talk back and act like whores.”
“You’re livin’ in the dark ages, man,” said Camilla. “Everyone should be equal. It doesn’t matter what sex or color you are.”
“Color you are right,” said Mal. “But women must follow God’s law and not be whores. That why girls must be circumcised.”
“I’ve heard of that,” said Camilla. “That’s where they sew up a girl’s vagina so she can’t have sex and they cut off her clitoris so she can’t have pleasure. It’s horrible.”
“She can have pleasure of sex when married,” Mal replied. “Woman no have need before marriage. They just need sex to have children. Only whores have sex before marriage.”
“I suppose men can do it before marriage,” said Camilla. “Men have need,” said Mal. “Women no have need.”
“That seems reasonable,” said Fairly with a laugh. But neither Mal nor Camilla were smiling as they went back to work.
After the long hot day, Fairly dropped off Mal and Camilla, then went home. Donna was at the computer. Fairly came up behind and nuzzled her neck.
“Hi, Donna. Whatcha doin’?”
“I’m updating my resume.”
“Oh, how come?”
“I need to find a job. The district will be hiring more teachers for the fall since they built that new grade school.”
“But who’s going to take care of Hairly?” asked Fairly. “We’ll have to find a pre-school or day care for him.”
“I don’t like the idea of him being with strangers all day. Can’t you wait till he’s in school before getting a job?”
“That’s not very realistic, Fairly. We need the money I’d bring in with a job. And he’ll be fine.”
“A mother should take care of her children. That’s the way families stay close and children get raised right.”
“What, have you gone back to the ‘50s now?” asked Donna. 
“No, I just want us to be a real family, like my Mom and Dad were.”
“Things weren’t the same back then, Fairly. These days, most women have to work to help support the family. It would be different if you made a big salary, but we can’t afford to live on a window washer’s pay.”
Fairly didn’t have an answer to that but he felt insulted and inadequate. He slunk off to the living room and watched TV.
At dinner, Fairly didn’t talk much except to exchange greetings with the kids. Donna saw how their conversation had affected him but she didn’t know what she could do. She started to wonder if she’d made a mistake by coming back to Fairly.
Late in the evening the phone rang. “Fairly, hi, it’s Tad. Chuck and I are going to be in town on Friday, and we wondered if we could take you and Donna and the kids out to dinner?”
“Um, just a minute, Tad.” He held his hand over the phone. “Donna, it’s Tad. He wants to take us out to dinner with his boyfriend on Friday. What do you think?”
“Sure, he’s your brother. Why not?”
“Well, he might take us to one of those faggy fern joints.”
“Don’t be rude! It’ll be fine.”
Fairly spoke in the phone. “Yeah, we’re free that evening.”
“Great, we’ll give you a call when we get in.”
“Okay, see you Friday, Tad.”


Neither Fred or LaVon went to work on Wednesday, the day after their harrowing ordeal. Instead they packed a lunch and took Shazelle for a ride in the country. Then they had a picnic at a scenic spot.
On the way home they stopped at the hospital to see LaVon’s mom who was slowly recovering from her beating. Altho still in pain, there was something on Carolina’s mind.
“LaVon, I’d like you to do a favor for me. Would you go to my church meeting tonight and tell the congregation how I feel about the vote? It seemed that you and me had the same ideas about it.”
“Oh, Mom, I don’t know,” said LaVon. “I don’t like to talk in front of people.”
“Please, baby. It’s important to me. You got Shazelle back safe and that’s a miracle. Please go to the church and talk about the vote so we can all be safe. Say I sent you ‘cause I think we should vote yes.”
LaVon saw in her mother’s face how important it was to her. “Okay, Mom, I will. You take care. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
That evening LaVon, Fred and Shazelle went to Carolina’s church and contributed to the congregation’s confabulation. Reverend Jeremiah Ryan started off by asking church elders to express their thoughts on the vote.
One by one, the old folks got up to testify. Most had good things to say about it but a couple of them couldn’t in good conscience give up on their belief in Jesus as the one to put their faith in.
After a while, LaVon caught Rev. Ryan’s eye and he waved her up to the front. LaVon was nervous but she went ahead.
“I don’t know most of you and I don’t usually go to church too much. I’m here for my mother, Carolina Parker, who is in the hospital. She wanted to be here but she got beat up by the men who kidnapped my daughter. You may have heard about it. It was very frightening but we got Shazelle back safe and sound.”
At this, shouts of ‘hallelujah’ and ‘praise God’ came from the congregation. LaVon relaxed a little and went on.
“Anyhow, Mom wanted me to tell you that she’s all for the vote. She plans on voting yes and she hopes other people will, too. We believe in Jesus but we don’t think this vote is anything against Jesus. It seems like the idea of the vote is peace and that was Jesus’ idea, too. Sometimes it seems like the world has gone crazy. There’s so much violence and it doesn’t ever stop. It’s hard to keep up hope sometimes, but Mom thinks the vote is a way to hope. For my own self, I’d give anything just to keep my family safe, so I’m asking everybody please…”
LaVon started crying and as she walked back to her pew, several people got up and hugged her, including Fred and Shazelle.
Then in a surprise, Fred walked to the front to speak.
“I never was in this church until last Sunday, but I think I’d like to join y’all.” 
There were shouts of “Amen!” and “Alright!”
“I’d also like to ask Rev. Ryan if he would marry me and LaVon.” Rev. Ryan nodded and smiled. “I just wanna say to everybody, I hope y’all vote yes on the vote. And one more thing to LaVon and Shazelle, I’m so proud of you both and I love you.”
The congregation clapped as Fred went back to his seat. LaVon and Shazelle stood up to hug him and the waterworks really let loose.







Chapter 24


Ever since the economic crisis had spread around the world, crime and violence had risen to severe proportions, especially in the most desperate countries. In Europe, Japan and America, millions of people who had worked to achieve middle-class status and had gotten over-extended on credit card debt, now struggled almost in poverty. Poorer countries sank ever deeper.
Desperados roamed the roads of some countries, robbing at will.
Organized crime rings became larger and more powerful, demanding payoff protection as they terrorized whole communities. They also gained control of police and politicians.
As a result of all this fear, interest in self-defense had become quite intense, especially in Asia where Karate and its cousins had been developed and were widely admired. Unfortunately, in confrontation these skills usually proved inadequate to the robbers’ guns and advantage of surprise. Still, more people became at least slightly skilled at these combat arts, and the public in Asia idolized those who attained martial arts stardom.
Biggest of all the stars was three-time Kung Fu World Champion, Maxi Muto. The husky, champ with the long ponytail and wispy mustache was admired almost as much for his modest personality as his bone-crunching prowess.
Tonight, Muto would face a unique challenge – the tiny Luman martial artist Ki Woo Yu. The bout had been heavily hyped around the world, with interest especially keen in Asia. Few fans gave the diminutive alien a chance against their sculpted, rippling Muto. The betting odds were pegged at 20-1 for Muto to win.
The night was warm and smoggy in the Tokyo stadium as 100,000 people waited restlessly for the match and hundreds of millions tuned in from their homes. Bright lights and television cameras surrounded the ring as challenger Ki Woo Yu appeared, to polite applause and a few boos. Her scarlet aura aglow, Ki did some warmup exercises, including flips forward and backward, and some some triple and quadruple spins.
Then there was a clamor from the crowd as Maxi Muto, in his blue satin robe, walked to the ring and stepped inside. Donkeyng was there in a tuxedo, his gray hair still standing straight up. Ki and Maxi nodded to each other as Donkeyng took the mike.
“Ladies and gentlemen, from beautiful Tokyo, Japan, welcome to the Kung Fu Championship of the Universe. The challenger, from the planet Lumaria, at 4 feet 10 inches, weighing 84 pounds, Ki Woo Yu!”
Ki waved, jumped up on the top rope then did a double back flip, landing on her feet beside Donkeyng, who continued.
“And now the Kung Fu Champion of the World! From Tokyo, Japan, at 5 feet 6 inches, weighing 162 pounds, MAXI MUTO!
The crowd stood up and cheered wildly for their hero. Maxi waved but his face was expressionless.
The suits and seconds cleared out and the two contestants came to center ring with the referee. He explained the rules, then Ki and Maxi both bowed deeply to each other and returned to their corners. In a few moments, the bell rang.
The combatants approached each other cautiously, the muscular man and wispy woman circling as if in slow motion. After a couple minutes, each one had ventured only a few feints at the other, neither making a serious move. That’s how the first round ended, amid some grumbling from the fans.
When the second round turned out the same way, the fans began to boo loudly. As Ki and Maxi came out for the third, she gave him a smile and beckoned him to come at her. He made some low-key contact kicks toward her, which she dodged artfully. But his kicks were more like he’d do when teaching a child than as if against a real competitor. The crowd continued to boo as the third round ended.
As they started the fourth, Maxi smiled and beckoned Ki to come at him. So she did. Ki performed a double spin, then jumped into a scissor kick and landed a foot to Maxi’s shoulder.
He was surprised at the force in her kick but his strength and balance kept him poised. In reply, Maxi quickly tried a hard chop, which Ki took on the forearms to protect her body. Maxi noticed that his hand vibrated as if re-absorbing the blow’s force. He followed with a spinning windmill kick, his supporting leg deeply bent to get a low angle as he kicked her square in the stomach. Ki went flying backwards into the ropes but again Maxi felt the strange sensation of his kick’s impact snapping back, which rocked him slightly off balance. He had not quite steadied himself when Ki came rebounding off the ropes in a couple of rapid flips straight at him, culminating in a lightning two-footed kick to his chest that knocked the champ on his butt.
The crowd gasped as Muto went down but he quickly got up. Ki went into a twirling movement and circled the slightly staggered Maxi as he tried to regain his equilibrium. But Maxi was having trouble focusing on Ki. She twirled so fast with her aura streaking that she was just a whirling mass of color. To get up to speed and get a bead on her rhythm, Maxi put himself into a counterspin of his own. Then as she skipped around to his side he dropped low, swinging his legs from behind her and sweeping her feet out from under her. Ki went backward head over heels but she hit the mat rolling harmlessly into a back somersault, and popped up on her feet.
The two then once again cautiously circled each other for the remainder of the round. The booing had died down and there were shouts of encouragement to Maxi and even a few shouts for Ki, who was earning a little respect from the fans.
During the break, Maxi’s trainer exhorted him to get down to business or risk losing to the feathery female. Altho it was only one minute of rest, Maxi’s intense training enabled him to get his second wind and he came out in the 5th breathing fire.
Ki noticed his new intensity and seemed excited herself. She smiled gaily and bobbed quickly back and forth, glancing a few jabs off Maxi’s torso, while adroitly dodging his kicks and chops. When Maxi aggressively spun, kicked and slashed…the air, a current of murmurs rippled thru the crowd. Maxi didn’t land one blow in several flurries he launched toward Ki, who seemed to be a moment ahead of him in time. Frustrated, he executed an intuitive power move that had put previous opponents flat on the mat. Yelling “KIAI” from deep in his gut, he faked a chop to her head. Then kicking hard for Ki’s solar plexus, but guessing she would go to her right, he followed with a lunging hand stab to the spot where he guessed she’d be.

He was almost right. Ki had gone to her right but she also jumped 6 feet high, so as Maxi lunged head and shoulders first beneath her, she came down with her body horizontally over top of him, whereupon she kicked down on his backside, adding her force to his considerable momentum which sent him sprawling into the ropes, his head and shoulders sticking thru.
The crowd was not prepared for this and they were taken aback. But then they started to laugh at the sight of the champion on his knees with his head poking thru the ropes. At that moment, Maxi realized the foolishness of his tactic and laughed at his own predicament. He pulled himself to his feet as Ki danced merrily behind him. Then the bell rang.
During the break, Maxi’s trainer didn’t know what to tell him, having just watched Maxi try some of his best moves to no avail. All he could come up with was telling Maxi to try to get Ki to make a mistake, then exploit it.
So in the 6th round, Maxi again took the cautious approach, venturing light jabs toward the little woman but exerting no real force. Ki deftly dodged his taps and on one, managed to slide right under Maxi’s wide stance, coming out behind him where she stood up, her back to his. Maxi saw an opportunity and hooked his arms around hers, dropped to one knee and flipped her over his back. Ki went flying fast but she was able to straighten herself upright as she sailed across the ring. When she hit the ropes she bounced back, then pulled her body horizontal again, legs first. Thus re-directed, she spread her legs and flew into the chest of the surprised Maxi who caught her in his arms. Ki kissed Maxi on the cheek, then jumped down and bowed to the crowd, which hesitated, then laughed again at the antics of the alien artist.
As the bell rang to end the round, Ki leaned toward Maxi and said, “Let’s have some fun. Next round, dance with me?” They each went to their corners and Ki smiled warmly at Maxi from across the ring. Maxi revealed what Ki had said to his trainer who advised Maxi that it could be a trick. Maxi was confused but intrigued. He’d failed with his best moves to surprise the alien woman yet he didn’t want to mock his art by turning the bout into a farce.
As the 7th round started, Ki whirled in a rapid spin, circling the ring. Maxi, too, started spinning tho he couldn’t match her speed. Ki slowed and approached Maxi with a slow motion kick toward the head. Maxi deflected her foot and countered with a soft kick toward her shoulder. He was surprised that it landed since much better kicks had missed completely. Ki went back a step, then jumped feet first toward Maxi’s mid-section. But Maxi saw this coming and leaped over her onrushing feet, spreading his knees and pushing her shoulders thru with his hands as she sailed under him. Ki slid under the ropes and right out of the ring until at the last moment her hands, trailing behind, grabbed the bottom rope and swung herself up over top of the ropes and back into the ring straight up on her feet. It almost seemed she could fly.
Maxi smiled as the crowd applauded the space woman. She drew near and held out her hands palms up and Maxi didn’t know why but he put his hands up to meet hers. Ki held Maxi’s hands and lowered his arms straight down to his sides, flexed her knees slightly and threw the husky champ in the air. He flipped end over end twice, and landed on his feet with a thud behind her.
Having never felt such power in another human, Maxi realized there was no way he could defeat Ki in combat. He bowed deeply to the tiny woman who bowed as well. When they rose up, Ki looked deeply in his eyes and Maxi returned her gaze, silently submitting to her. “Full force, light contact,” she said softly.
With that he felt free to thrust and parry, pulling his chops at the last moment but appearing to land hard blows. Ki also kicked and slashed vigorously at Maxi, doing the same slight pullback to avoid injuring him. Each was so adept at precise strikes that only the experts watching could spot the difference. The crowd became excited at this display of skill and power. Time was running short in the round when Ki jumped and sent both feet hard toward Maxi’s head. It so happened that he lunged toward her at the same moment but seeing her feet coming, Maxi ducked, deflecting her legs up with his arm, which spun her upside down in the air. He had deflected Ki before she could pull back so there was heavy force in her move which was now re-directed into a flip. All in an instant as Maxi was still moving forward with his own momentum, Ki’s head came whipping back up and her skull bonked him hard on the chin.
They both went tumbling to the mat. The referee counted to 10 and neither of them had gotten up so he declared the match a draw. Maxi’s trainer rushed over to him and placed a wet towel on his forehead. After a minute he came out of it. As the crowd cheered, he slowly stood up and went to where Ki still lay on her back. As he bent over her, she opened her eyes and winked at him. “Clumsy ox!” she giggled, throwing her arms around his neck.
Maxi picked her up and cradled her in his arms. Again the crowd cheered. Ki jumped onto her feet and they bowed to each other and then to the crowd.
Then Ki took the microphone. “This was a very exciting match. I thank the great champion Maxi Muto for his splendid fight. And I want to say to all of you watching around the world, this power and energy you just saw at work is within each of you right now. With training and practice, you could perform these feats. Ki, the universal energy, runs thru all of us and can be used for healing and making us strong. On Lumaria, we live in peace, so the martial arts are only used as a moving meditation. They’re for fun and fitness, not violence. If you vote for our plan, we’ll help the Earth to live in peace. Thanks.” She bowed.
Ki and Maxi each went to their own dressing rooms, took a whirlpool and a shower, got dressed and met for a late dinner together. They found they had a lot of common interests.
Back at the arena, Donkeyng met with the sports writers. “You know what this means,” he said. “Because it was a draw, we’ll need to have Championship of the Universe, the Re-Match.”
Chapter 25


While Ki and Maxi’s match had occurred Thursday evening in Japan, millions of Europeans and Americans had watched it live early in the morning or in the afternoon in their time zones. What all the viewers around the world saw between rounds were slickly produced commercials opposing the Lumans’ vote.
The Ranks had cut a secret deal with Donkeyng to pay double what other advertisers offered for exclusive sponsorship.
This was part of the Ranks’ Scheme 666 to discredit the Lumans and paint themselves as sympathetic to Earth. One ad went like this:
Screen shows Earth from space, a beautiful blue planet.
Camera zooms down to Earth’s surface and skims over majestic mountains and pristine forests as man announces in voiceover:
“The Earth is our world and we love it. These people from another world, the Lumans, want to take over and make our world their own. They give us pretty promises about how wonderful things will be. Isn’t that what Hitler and the Nazis said? Isn’t that what the Communists said? Millions of us had to die to get rid of those tyrants. Let’s not fall for the lies again. We can work out our own problems without handing over our world and our lives to these strange spacemen. The things that matter most to us - family, faith and country - these will all be destroyed if we let the Lumans take control of our world.
“The space aliens try to lure us with that light of theirs. They’re like drug dealers offering us dope that feels good for a little while in exchange for hooking us forever as their slaves.
"Let’s place our trust in God and our own people to take care of our world. After all, it’s the only world we have.”
But there were glitches in those television ads being watched during breaks in the bout. The pixies, nicknack and eggnog, assigned to assure a fair campaign for the vote, mischievously undermined the Ranks’ commercials by printing words across the screen that contradicted the spoken message.
For instance, when the voiceover compared the Lumans to Nazis and Communists, the screen showed these words: “Nazis and Communists were killers, intent on ruling the world. The Lumans offer guidance to peace and democracy.” The pixies also superimposed their own images on the screen, as tiny figures appearing to dance and romp on the nature scenes presented in the propaganda.
But the pixies had their work cut out for them because similar ads casting doubts on the motives of the Lumans began appearing all over the world in newspapers, on radio and television, even on billboards. The Lumans refrained from that fray, making no attack ads nor using any paid promotion.
Some of the world’s organized religions had now come out against the vote but they had a disadvantage in trying to get the message out to their congregations, since the vote was coming up on Saturday, the day before many religions’ regular Sunday service. Last Sunday’s services had been just the morning after the vote announcement, and many ministers had not had time to consult with their hierarchies for a pronouncement on the vote. So, many churches were calling special mid-week services to advise their congregations on the issue.
But there were some religions that came out in favor of the vote. Some Hindu and Buddhist leaders, each having hundreds of millions of followers, expressed approval, as did some splinter sects like Baha’i, Reform Jews and Unity Christians.
Even a few Catholic bishops, in direct defiance of the Vatican, recommended voting for the Luman plan. Latin American Bishop Romero Escobar continued his longtime struggle against military oppression by openly advocating for the vote. Before the Pope had time to discipline him, cartel members burst into a Mass that Bishop Escobar was saying and shot him dead.
In fact, many clergymen around the world let their parishioners know privately that they favored the vote, altho most didn’t say so officially from their pulpits, for fear of dismissal.


On Thursday morning, Fairly picked up Fred for work and congratulated him on Shazelle getting back safely. When they stopped to get Camilla, Fred revealed that he and LaVon were getting married and invited them both to the wedding. Camilla forgot about the guys’ teasing torture of her on the scaffold last Friday and gave Fred a hug. Fairly proudly patted his back.
They went by the agency for Mal Doud who was still working with them for the week, and headed to work. With the extra hand, they were able to use two platforms in cleaning the office building’s windows on this scorching summer day. Fred and Camilla worked together on one rig, Mal and Fairly on the other.
As Camilla sprayed and Fred squeegeed, a pigeon flew up and landed on the board by their feet. The pigeon started squeaking and squawking while Fred and Camilla just looked at it in surprise. More pigeons came and then a couple robins and a starling, all chirping like crazy within about three feet of Fred and Camilla, who kept working thru the distraction.
At noon, they broke for lunch and went down to sit in the shady park across the street. There were many people also taking their lunch on this island of green surrounded by buildings.
“Americans fat people,” Mal observed, watching the passersby. “In Africa, people thin.”
“Well, they’re always having famines over there,” said Fairly. “Here, everyone’s got plenty to eat.”
“You’d be surprised,” said Camilla. “Lots of Americans go to bed hungry every night.”
“That’s because they’re too lazy to get a job,” countered Fairly. “There are jobs if people are willing to work.”
“It’s not that simple,” said Camilla. “Some people are illiterate. And women with children can’t take minimum wage jobs ‘cause most of their salary would go to day care. It’s more secure for them to be on welfare and mind their own kids.”
“I know a lot of men skip out on child support,” said Fred. “LaVon never got a cent from Shazelle’s father.”
“Yeah, but some girls try to hook a guy by getting pregnant,” asserted Fairly.
“The women are whores,” said Mal. “Should be married first. Should not be paid for having babies. In my country, these whores get whip.”
“You’ve both got a mean attitude but you don’t get it,” said Camilla to Mal and Fairly. “What about someone like my mother? My father got murdered and now Mama works for barely over minimum wage to support my brother and sister. Sometimes she has to choose between rent and food.”
There was an awkward pause as the men tried to come up with an answer to Camilla. Just then, two squirrels scurried over and stopped right by Fred’s outstretched feet. The squirrels chattered emphatically at the four humans who didn’t understand a word the squirrels said.
“The animals are acting weird today,” said Fred.
“Yeah,” agreed Camilla. “There were those birds on our boards and now these squirrels. I think they’re trying to tell us something.”
“Oh, you’re really going off the deep end now,” said Fairly. 
“Squirrels want food,” said Mal.
Fred threw the squirrels a French fry. Camilla tossed them a few peanuts. But the squirrels ignored the food and kept on chattering at them. Then a swarm of butterflies descended on them. Dozens of the yellow-winged insects landed all over the surprised window washers sitting there. After a minute, the butterflies flew off together in a swirl and landed on other people in the park.
“What a cool thing!” said Camilla. “They’re so beautiful.”
“This IS getting weird,” Fairly acknowledged. “Well, we better get back to work.”
As they left the park, tree branches were swaying even tho there wasn’t any wind. But no one noticed.
After Camilla got home from work that evening, she caught a bus to her family’s house. She halfway expected Eduardo to still be parked in front of the television. He wasn’t.
“I don’t know where he is,” said Mama. “He got home late last night and just went to bed without talking to me. Then when I got home from work today, he was gone.”
“Rosa, do you know anyone Eddie hangs with?” asked Camilla.
“No,” she said. “I’ve seen him with some dudes on the street but I don’t know their names.”
“Well, I can’t chase him down no more,” said Mama. “I’m worried but I can’t do nada.”
“He’s a good boy, Mama,” said Camilla. “He’ll be alright.”
“Oh, a boy called for you last night. He sounded nice.”
“Did you get his phone number, Mama?”
“Si, it’s on the table by the phone. Who is this boy?”
“I met him at a club. He was kinda shy. He’s a college student. I think I’ll go out with him if he asks.”
Camilla went and dialed the old rotary phone. “Hello, is Carlos there, please?”
“Who’s calling, please?” asked a woman.
“My name’s Camilla. I’m returning his call. Are you his mother?”
“Si. He’s studying but I’ll get him. Are you the one who danced with him?”
“Si. He’s a good dancer.”
“Hah! You sound nice, but you’re not a very good liar. Carlos has never danced before in his life. Hold on a minute.”
“Hello,” said Carlos a minute later.
“It’s Camilla. Your Mama is funny.”
“I hope she didn’t grill you too much.”
“It’s okay. Parents should care about who their kids go out with.”
“Are we going out?” asked Carlos.
“I don’t know. Why did you call me?”
“I wondered if you might want to go out?”
“Maybe,” said Camilla. “What did you have in mind?”
“Well, tomorrow’s Friday night. We could maybe go to dinner and maybe go dancing, maybe at that place we met?”
“Maybe,” said Camilla again. “It’s not much notice but let me check my schedule.”
She picked up the phone book and rustled the pages. “Well, it’s tight but I think I can squeeze you in. And, uh, you can pick me up here about 7,” Camilla said, giving Mama’s address. She didn’t want him to see the crummy place where she lived. 
“Okay, Camilla. Hasta manana.”
As Camilla hung up, Mama was turning on the television to watch the United Nations discussion about the vote. So were Fred and LaVon, Fairly and Donna, and over a billion people around the world. Many millions more tuned in by radio and on the Internet.
Chapter 26


At the United Nations in New York City, U.S.A., Earth’s leaders met to discuss the Lumans’ vote proposal. From the United States, there was President Lyall Wicker and House Perjority Leader Ashford Whipley. All the world’s countries were represented. There were also leaders of industry, private groups and various notable dignitaries.
For the Lumans, President Raven Wandering, Vice President Bela Satva and Nature Advocate Sandy Loam were there to answer questions and explain details about their plan for Earth. New Cardinal Loucypher came as a guest of the Vatican’s U.N. delegate.
U.N. Secretary General Cafe Latte addressed the assembly. “Fellow Representatives, Luman guests and people of the world, welcome to the United Nations. We are here to discuss and debate the vote offered by people from the planet Lumaria that is scheduled to take place this Saturday. To review, the Lumans propose to guide Earth toward ways of peace and sustainability. If we vote ‘yes,’ then all guns and bombs will be banned. The Lumans say they need approval from a 2/3 super-majority of the world’s people to implement their plan.
“I’d like to address the first question to President Wandering,” Latte continued. “With billions of guns and bombs all over the world, how could you possibly enforce the weapons ban?”
“Thank you, Mr. Secretary. Besides our telepathy which the people of Earth have experienced, we have also developed other mental and spiritual powers such as clairvoyance, the ability to see far beyond normal physical sight; and telekinesis, the ability to move objects by force of mind. These capabilities will enable us to peacefully disarm resisters and destroy weapons wherever they’re hidden.”
Perjority Leader Whipley spoke up. “With all due respect, Mr. President, your plan sounds like a return to communism which only enslaved people under its rule. How is it your business to run Earth’s affairs?”
“Yes, a good question,” replied President Wandering. “It’s true that self-determination and free will are essential human rights. But due to widespread abuse of these rights by Earth’s leaders, the Galactic Government has appointed us Lumans to offer Earthlings a choice of true equality and democracy. It’s our business because we are charged with promoting peace and democracy, much like the United Nations but on a galactic scale. Also, since Earth has started space travel, we cannot allow Earthlings to threaten other worlds with their war-like ways.”
“But we’re making progress toward peace and democracy around the world, aren’t we?” countered Whipley.
“In some places, yes.” said Wandering. “South Africa for one. But in many cases there are regressing trends. So there is no reason to believe worldwide democracy will be achieved in the foreseeable future. For instance, China, your most populous nation, remains ruled by a ruthless dictatorship. There is also the issue of environmental degradation. At the snail’s pace that world leaders are correcting your course of destroying planetary ecosystems, pollution and global warming’s climactic changes could make Earth unlivable in only a few decades.”
German President Lugar Goonz asked, “In the event your plan is rejected by the voters, can you still offer us help to remedy our ecological problems?”
Luman Nature Advocate Sandy Loam responded. “Yes, we are willing to share solutions to Earth’s ecological crisis even if Earthlings reject our plan. We have clean, inexpensive ways to harness universal energy. But a real problem for Earth people will be loosening the powerful grip of the oil companies and other energy barons. Already, non-polluting energies like solar and wind power, which Germany has been a good example for, have emerged but most countries have made little conversion to their usage. So to install universal energy, a massive movement by people of Earth is needed to release the chokehold of Big Oil and the politicians in their pockets.”
A nerdy guy with glasses and a bad haircut rose to speak. “It seems that under your system of governing, personal initiative would be squelched and business innovation would go unrewarded,” said Bilk Rates, founder of Microsnot. “But these attributes, with their monetary incentives, have stimulated creation of many great inventions. What kind of business climate should we expect if the Luman vote is approved?”
Vice President Bela Satva responded, “Bilk Rates, you are Earth’s richest man. You and your wife are an inspiration with your work to eradicate disease in poor countries. But the success you’ve had in dominating the computer industry has resulted more from your predatory practices than from true innovation. The Luman system espouses political and economic democracy, so businesses would not be allowed a stranglehold on their markets. Individuals like yourself couldn’t curtail or kill off competition. Even with these restraints, you could still keep the portion of your wealth derived from legitimate product development.”
“That flies in the face of freedom,” argued Rates. “Shouldn’t the free market determine which products succeed and which fail, rather than having government protecting the weak?”
“Free markets, yes, but fair markets, too.” replied Madame Satva. “Sabotaging and devouring rivals won’t be permitted. ‘Free market’ is a euphemistic phrase the world’s dominators use for their fixed system that protects those already rich, ignores moral responsibilities and eludes legal limitations. What you have is socialism for the super-rich and free enterprise for the poor."
Madame Satva’s face grew very stern as she continued. “We Lumans would limit the license of the elite to live in the lap of luxury. Since most of the world’s billionaires show small inclination to share their superabundance, they would be required to pay higher taxes until everyone on Earth has food, shelter and health care. But here’s how little this would affect the rich: taking only one year’s profits from the wealthiest 1% of the world would be enough money to provide all the planet’s poorest people with food, clean water and health care. The way the prosperous pitilessly prey on the poor is one of Earth’s worst scandals. Under our system, it would soon be set straight.”
“You mentioned health care, Madame Satva,” said Pfaze N. Hookem, head of Pfazer Pharmaceutical Phirm. “It costs vast sums to develop new drugs for fighting disease. Under the Lumans, could we count on recompense for our investment?”
“We’d emphasize natural healing with herbs, which are already employed extensively in some countries, so drugs would be used far less,” said Bela Satva. “There’d be no exclusive control of medications or genetic codes, thus research and recompense among companies would be cooperative, not competitive.
“Health care’s in critical condition,” continued Madame Satva. “We would promote healing over profit. Doctors would still be paid handsomely for their skill and training but they couldn’t exert excess patriarchy over patients, monopolize their medical methods or conduct campaigns of calumny against other practitioners like they did to chiropractors until the U.S. Supreme Court stopped them.
“Insurance would also be handled more ethically. Patients’ procedures would be decided by doctors, not investors who only protect profits. And the single-payer system, already successful in many countries, would be enacted worldwide.”
Cardinal Loucypher, looking regal in his crimson cap and cassock, altho absent an apparent aura, stood to speak. “My fellow Lumans, I have just converted to the Catholic Church. I hold no grudge against you but Jesus Christ proved He’s the true Savior by dying on the cross to redeem our souls. Your plan, your light, are cheap imitations of the Light and laws of the Lord. I must counsel the people of the world to put their faith in God and vote no to the Lumans.”
“Our plan would not violate the spirit of any Earthly religion,” said President Wandering. “Neither do we pretend to substitute for prophets or any spiritual beings that Earthlings place their faith in. Interpretations of religious teachings are another matter. If teachings are used to perpetuate the power of authoritarians, then we’ll limit those leaders’ leverage, especially in political power plays. As America’s founders knew, it’s essential to separate church and state.
“On a more personal level, Cardinal,” President Wandering continued, “It saddens me to see you abandon your mission. It appears the Catholics have rewarded you handsomely for this switch of allegiance, promoting you from bishop to cardinal. I advise Earth’s viewers to consider this factor when weighing the wisdom of your counsel.”
A southern white man in an elegant suit rose to address the space visitors. “Sounds like y’all have a heap of healin’ in store for us here on Earth, all of it aligned with the liberal agenda,” said Reverend Rich Robbersome. “But I haven’t heard a word about the place of the true healer, Jesus Christ, in your new world order. You act real spiritual with your light and all, but as Jesus was telling me just last night —”
Suddenly a bolt of lightning with a deafening thunderclap shot into the table just inches from Robbersome’s face. There, amid a shower of brilliant blinding light, Jesus Christ materialized before the eyes of everyone, including the vast television audience.
“Let’s clear this matter up right now,” said Jesus, hovering above the Rev. “Think carefully, have we ever spoken before?”
“N-n-no, sir,” admitted Robbersome.
“So it was under false pretenses you collected hundreds of millions of dollars from people after telling them you had spoken with me?”
Robbersome hung his head. “Yes,” he whispered. 
“I CAN’T HEAR YOU!”
“YES! FORGIVE ME, LORD GOD JESUS!” cried the cowering Robbersome as he fell to his knees.
“You can drop the dramatics,” said Jesus. “I want you to give all the money back. Will you do that?”
“Yes, I will. May I be forgiven, Jesus?”
“That’s Mister Christ to you. I’ll check you out when you finally check out.” Then Jesus turned to address the assembly.
“People of the world, I don’t carry on conversations with anyone on Earth. I do give signs and hints to everyone for those who would take heed, but I don’t play favorites. On this special occasion I’d like to offer my advice. If I were voting here, I’d accept the Lumans’ offer. While you’re waiting for me to make my big Second Coming, if I ever do, this deal is your best bet for peace. Shalom!”
Then Jesus vanished but his brilliant light remained, suspended in the air. It was so bright that no one could look directly at it. Even the auras of the Lumans paled in comparison.
For a few minutes, there was a hushed awe over the hall.
Then the discussion resumed.
Govinda Sinda Brahmin, India’s female Prime Minister rose to ask, “Not counting deities and aliens, there are about 7 billion people in the world. What would you do about birth control?”
“Overpopulation is linked to the violence and environmental destruction permeating the planet,” said Madame Satva. “We’ll encourage families to stop at two children. Bigger families won’t be prohibited but they’ll have to pay more taxes to offset their higher cost to Earth and society. ‘Go forth and multiply,’ as the Bible advised, may have been a fine idea when humans had a thin herd but since you’ve pushed the rest of nature almost off the planet, you’re overdue for restraint. We can offer Earth people safe and easy contraception but that won’t help until they get over the shame of their bodies.
"When cultures repress pleasure, sex gets banished as a debasement. Imposing phony guilt for a natural act cripples normal sexual expression. Earth people must learn to honestly face the facts of life. Double standards of socially acceptable behavior for men and women must be sifted out of religious and cultural customs. Altho that patriarchy is oppressive, we wouldn’t prefer the pendulum pitching to promiscuity in place of passion. But authoritarian attempts to suppress sex only cause clandestine couplings whose poor planning often results in disease and unwanted pregnancy.”
“What form of government do you intend to install?” asked German Chancellor Lugar Goonz.
President Wandering responded, “There would be a social-democratic federation for functions of global government. It would enforce environmental and labor laws, control currency and curtail corporate corruption. Whenever possible, politics would be de-centralized to city and county custody. For state and national governance, we’d use the United States’ model with its executive, legislative and judicial branches for checks and balances. However, we’d replace America’s winner-take-all elections in favor of Germany’s proportional party representation. That method matches the minority’s support to a percentage of parliamentary power and reduces risks of repression.”
An American man wearing an empty gun belt under his jacket spoke up. “You say you’d model the new world order on America but the first thing you’d do is deny Americans our constitutional right to keep and bear arms,” said Pierre Pistol, the Meshuga Rifle Association spokesman. “That doesn’t sound like freedom to me.”
“To begin with,” replied President Wandering, “your Second Amendment states, ‘A well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed.’ This refers to state militias, now known as the National Guard, not to individuals’ rights to keep weapons. The safety of society takes precedence over personal proclivities. This point could be argued for years but it’s obvious that guns are too easy a means of murder to allow in a peaceful world. America lags far behind other developed nations in this area. Even Australia, with their similar wild-west mentality, removed most guns from its populace after a terrible mass murder woke people up. You folks in the M.R.A. are crazy about your guns but if the vote is approved, you’ll just have to get over it. You can find another hobby like hiking or horticulture.”
Pistol responded “In the land of the blind, the one-eyed man is king. Those armed with knives and swords will be able to terrorize us if we’re left defenseless. Also, many people use guns for hunting. The deer population could grow dangerously large without hunters to keep them in check.”
“It’s true that murder and terror could still occur,” said President Wandering. “We will incarcerate the criminals but, as you know, that’s cold consolation for the loss of life. So we must remove the main method of making mayhem. We’ve chosen guns as the place to draw the line. Baseball bats can be used to kill but we’re not going to outlaw baseball, altho we will appoint a fair commissioner. We’ll also teach peaceful ways of conflict resolution, whether it’s between countries, kids or cohabitants.
“As for hunting, we realize it’s a time-honored way of life in some cultures. We Lumans can respect that even tho we’re vegetarians. Those hunting for food will have to make the adjustment back to spear or bow and arrow, as they used thru the ages. The barbaric practice of hunting for sport won’t be allowed. And we’ll restore the balance of nature by re-introducing predators like wolves and wildcats. They should keep the deer in check.”
“Since you aliens are vegetarians, will the rest of us be forced to give up meat?” asked Gorge N. Beef, head of the cattlemen’s consortium.
“No, we recognize that it’s a personal choice but government giveaways will end,” replied Sandy Loam. “You’ll no longer get to graze your cows nearly for free on public land. Humane animal treatment will be required instead of the confined feedlots and cramped chicken coops now used. Also, your mountains of manure won’t be allowed to poison the waterways. Meat production’s true cost, economically and ecologically, will be revealed, causing prices to rise steeply. Since few burger-buyers could stand to slaughter animals themselves, we hope people will contemplate their food’s origins and discover the peaceful health in a vegetarian diet.”
A member of Britain’s House of Lords, Duchess Haggie Haughty, asked, “Even if the vote is approved, there could be about two billion people who voted against your plan. What would become of them?”
“They’ll be presented with choices,” said Bela Satva. “If they prefer, we could move them to a similar primitive planet, or they could make the best of it and accept the changes we Lumans will lead on Earth.”
“Suppose they don’t accept these changes but want to stay here anyway?” Duchess Haughty pressed.
“Disruptive recalcitrants would be confined to camps,” replied Madame Satva. “We may have to isolate them to certain regions. Eventually, if they won’t participate peacefully, they’ll be sent to another world.”
“There are people from another planet, the Ranks, also among us,” said Mexican President Saleazo. “What do you see as the Ranks’ role in the world’s future?”
“The Ranks would like to colonize Earth,” said President Wandering. “Those of you who’ve met them have noticed their bad smell, a symptom of their spiritual decay. They’re attempting to forge alliances with Earth’s leaders, offering new drugs and weapons as bait. Whether you accept our offer or not, beware of the Ranks.”
President Lyall Wicker asked, “What would be your policy on the drug problem in the world?”
President Wandering’s tone grew harsh. “We would change the cruel, corrupt approach you Earth leaders have pursued. Your ‘war on drugs’ has been a futile farce for decades. Drug abuse is a medical, not a criminal, problem. Your failure to grok this painfully obvious point has sent huge numbers of people to jail for the ‘crime’ of seeking pleasure. Then you politicians perform a play for the public, pretending the producing countries cooperate in crackdowns – an absurdity since often they are controlled by drug gangs. Meantime, Earth’s deadliest drug dealers, tobacco companies, hook children around the planet and pay off politicians who permit the pushers to pocket prodigious profits.
“It’s true that some Earthlings are addicted to substances, sometimes suicidally. Instead of prison, we Lumans would provide effective treatment clinics, using the healing power of the light to cleanse drug addicts.
Czech President Evoka Revel changed the subject. “There’s an evil kind of cleansing going on – ethnic cleansing. What would you do to heal the hatred between ethnic groups?”
“This is perhaps Earth’s most persistent and perplexing problem so there won’t be an instant answer,” said Vice President Satva. “It’s strange that the warmongers’ genocidal term ‘ethnic cleansing’ has been accepted by your news media, as if the word ‘cleanse’ means murder.
“When humans learn to live in the light, instead of delving deeper into darkness, the heart feels at peace. Only love can transform hate. It’s a long process but we Lumans progressed from a condition comparable to yours. You Earthlings can evolve, too.”
Pakistani Premier Farida Fatma waved her arm from the sleeve of a silk sari. “How about women’s role in your plan?”
“Women have a full, active role in Luman politics,” Vice President Satva answered. “Here again, there is a deep prejudice on your planet. It’s no surprise you have few female leaders in business or government. That would change under our plan. To begin with, women would have equal access to education and employment. The power in personal relationships would be shared, so abuse would not be tolerated. Of course, that also goes for child abuse, a hidden but widespread abomination on your world. If women choose to work at family care and homemaking, they will be compensated fairly. And men could be homemakers when women want to work.”
Entertainment mogul Gavin Gayfan asked, “What about the rights of homosexuals?”
“They would be treated equally,” replied Madame Satva. “Earth people must learn to tolerate their differences.”
Central Disease Control doctor Alfredo Sauci stood up. “How about AIDS and other infectious diseases? Can you control them?”
“The light has curative powers regardless of the illness,” replied Sandy Loam. “Your healers will have much to learn. Some Earth medicines like acupuncture and herbalism already work with the body’s energies. But much of Western medicine is coldly technological, out of touch with nature. Sometimes treatments like radiation and chemotherapy are as bad or worse than the disease. This medical mentality for war-like eradication can backfire as it has with the emergence of drug-resistant bacteria. It’s better to stimulate the body’s own mechanisms for healing itself.
“Now the scourge of AIDS has unfairly stigmatized homosexuals in America altho most victims in the world acquired it heterosexually. With the virus infecting one of every four adults in some countries, Earth faces the worst plague in centuries. We Lumans are ready to help if you vote yes.”
“And if the vote is no?” asked Sauci.
“We would try to leave you with some help but our guidance would be impeded,” said Sandy Loam. “The miasma of money in medicine will continue to cause problems for patients until health care gets reformed.”
“What’s going to happen to Native Americans stuck on the Rez?” asked Indian leader Blackjack Means Business.
At that, the Luman President shifted his shape to become a raven as the gathering watched. The bird flew in a circle over their heads around the hall before he perched and returned to human form.
“Most Native Americans and other races have lost touch with spiritual powers like this. Yet it’s too late to go back to the lives Indians led before Europeans conquered the continent. It’s the same sad situation for aboriginals around the world. But it’s not too late for the conquerors’ descendants who still occupy the ground to share some of the better land, instead of keeping Indians relegated to barren reservations. Gambling has rescued some tribes from poverty but if Indians had all the opportunities of whites they wouldn’t have to rely on those with delusional weaknesses. As with the whole world, man’s methods of making money must mutate from extractive to renewable sources. On fertile land, Indians could earn a living producing sustainable bounty. Of course, education would open the whole range of professional employment. As an elder myself, we could guide Indians to assimilation and also revive desired traditions.”
“How would you keep hope alive for the millions of African-Americans in ghettoes?” asked black leader Jackie Rainbow.
“Find them another place to live, for starters,” said Bela Satva. “Smaller communities where there are jobs and plenty of green space. To foster prosperity, we’d go back to square one. While many blacks have overcome hurdles to live a decent life, some were so deprived of essential development in infancy and childhood, that it’s necessary to rehabilitate them to nature, family and heritage. This approach will yield more productive citizens than America’s use of imprisonment as social control for its minorities. We’d start with a trust in human nature – that if kids grow up with a caring family, nutrition and education, they’ll be fine. With the light’s restorative radiance, even a race subjugated for centuries can recover.”
“What would become of military personnel?” asked America’s number one army officer, General Coleman Persuadus. 
“We’d keep a small guard for natural disasters like floods and earthquakes,” said President Wandering. “But we’d dismantle the military machine. No country could have armies with weapons. Instead of preparing for war, you’d plan for peace. The vast amounts of money saved could create jobs in education and energy, and in repairing roads, rails and bridges. Military people could also rehabilitate contamination of toxic waste dumps.”
At this point, Nature Advocate Sandy Loam got up and stood on her table for a moment. Then she flexed her legs and leaped forward. In mid-air she changed into a huge white tiger that landed in the middle of the large circle of desks. The tiger stood up tall on her hind legs and let out a fearsome roar.
Security guards rushed up with guns drawn but Cafe Latte waved them back. The tiger paced back and forth in front of the gathering for a minute, then pounced to her table re-shaping back into Sandy who resumed her place and spoke:
“I’m honored to channel the spirit of the Siberian tiger. Very few are left, as a result of hunting by humans. Tiger wanted to show you her power and beauty. She was killed to satisfy man’s superstitious market for tiger parts. Hundreds of thousands of species around the world are going extinct, mostly from human havoc of habitats. What is ‘development’ to you is devastation to animals, who are left homeless to die.
“Many Earth people don’t realize that every species serves a role in nature’s web. When you tear enough strands, the whole web collapses. Humans need to find their place in nature, instead of putting themselves above it.”
Secretary Latte stood and raised his hands. “I believe we’ve covered the pertinent points of discussion. Before we adjourn, is there any closing statement you Lumans would like to make?”
“Yes, thank you,” said President Wandering. “People of Earth, the changes that we plan would affect every person in the world. Altho some adjustments may be difficult, the alternative of continuing your current course could cause far greater difficulties. It’s impossible to please everyone but the system we propose has proven fair and beneficial on other planets, including Lumaria.
“At any given time, like right now, there are dozens of wars and revolutions occurring on Earth, with attendant misery for innocent civilians. In your world of abundant food and water, thousands of people die from starvation or contaminated water every single day, most of them children. Air pollution and the destruction of your great forests are causing climate chaos. Earth people, you’ve known of these problems for years but when have you ever felt that you could do anything about it?
“Now you have a chance to change the world. Now you have a choice. We ask you to trust that we Lumans will guide the Earth to a better way. Listen to your heart. Thank you. Peace.”
Afterwards, outside the United Nations, the press peppered the politicians who’d participated.
President Lyall Wicker waved them off, saying, “I have no comment now. I’ll address the nation on Saturday morning.”
But Perjority Leader Ashford Whipley was chomping at the bit. “Never in my life have I heard such a heap of hooey, and I’ve fought liberals in Congress for years. These space Loonies, or whatever they are, want to shove their liberal agenda down the throats of decent, hard-working, conservative Americans who’d be forced to pay for welfare queens with 10 children to live in luxury.
“Oh, they’ve got a good act, alright. Plenty of bright lights and slick tricks like having a tiger jump out. But does that mean we should just hand these Loonies the keys to the world and say ‘Here you are, do what you want with it.' And how about this President Ravin’ On And On! Is he a piece of work? I haven’t heard such a bunch of baloney since Jim Fakker got sent to preacher prison. I wanna tell everyone listening that we’ll all be better off trusting the American way than the Loony way.”
Chapter 27


On Friday, the hottest topic of conversation all over the world was the vote coming up tomorrow. Families, friends, strangers all carried on spirited discussions even more than they had thru the week since the vote announcement. Television and radio talk shows presented proponents of both sides, altho the commercials were all anti-Luman.
Jesus Christ’s appearance at the United Nations created controversy among Catholics and other Christian sects. Since television viewers had seen and heard Christ for themselves, many were inclined to believe their own perceptions of Christ’s view on the vote over the word of church leaders. Still, there were plenty of folks who felt that the “Jesus” who appeared was a fake, fabricated to foment for the Lumans.
The response of the Pope and other Christian leaders was deafening – in its silence. Altho unconvinced that the individual who appeared amid the brilliant light was truly Jesus Christ, the Pope and Protestant prelates thought it too risky for their authority and credibility to contradict the apparition who many people instantly accepted as the authentic article.
Thus, on the day before the vote, many churches cancelled their scheduled proclamations that would have re-affirmed their opposition to the vote. So the churches’ initial disapproval of the Lumans, altho unconfirmed, still stood.


The air hung thick and gray as a hazy sun baked the city to almost 9O degrees by the time Fairly, Fred, Camilla and Mal rode to work on Friday morning in the hot, stuffy van.
They were crawling along in the freeway traffic jam at 10 miles an hour when Fairly lit a cigarette. Within seconds, Camilla began coughing. “Hey, could you put that thing out?” she asked. “I’m having trouble getting some fresh air as it is.”
“Smokers have rights, too,” Fairly said, blowing smoke rings as he drove.
When Fairly let the cigarette dangle from his lips as he tuned the radio, Camilla reached over his shoulder from the back seat, snatched the butt from his mouth and threw it out the window.
“Bitch!” snarled Fairly. “Bastard!” hissed Camilla.
They drove on in silence. At the job, Fred and Fairly went up on one scaffold, Mal and Camilla the other. The glass facing them splintered shards of sun as sweat streamed thru their skin.
On a platform 20 stories up, Mal said to Camilla. “Woman, hand me spray jug.”
“You crippled?” replied Camilla, as her squeegee creased the crystal cliff.
“You closer. I’m wiping, woman,” said Mal.
“I have a name, you know, and you’re not my boss. Get it yourself.”
Dropping his towel, Mal squeezed past Camilla on the hanging boards, letting his hipbone bump her butt accidentally on purpose. She wheeled angrily, her elbow catching him in his side.
“Watch it, asshole!” Camilla growled.
Instinctively, Mal raised his hand to retaliate, but he thought better of it and lowered his hand as she glared at him.
“Whore, in my country I could whip you for that,” he said.
Mal grabbed the jug he was after and they went back to work in sullen silence.
Meantime, on the other scaffold, Fairly said to Fred, “So how does it feel to be taking the big plunge?”
“Pretty good, man. Me and LaVon have been together for a couple years anyway, so it just feels right to make it legit.”
“Uh, huh. Watch out, tho. Marriage can change things.”
“Well, sometimes change is good,” said Fred. “How’s it going with you and Donna?”
“Okay, but it’s never easy. Since she moved back with me we aren’t getting along as well as I hoped. But I really love her and the kids so I think we’ll work it out.”
“Yeah, I hope it works out, man. Say, Fairly, you know I could use a raise ‘cause LaVon and me want to buy a house.”
“Oh, well, I’d like to give you a raise but things are kind of tight for me, too. Maybe next year.”
“Hey, man, that ain’t fair. I been workin’ for you for more than a year and all I got was that first little raise up from minimum wage after a couple months.
“Well, if you don’t like the pay, you can always find another job.”
“That’s cold, man. I do good work and I’m reliable. That should be worth a little more money.”
“Hey, this isn’t brain surgery,” cracked Fairly. “I can get temps for minimum wage any time I need them.”
Fred threw his towel down in disgust. “This sucks. You ever hear of loyalty? I’m sweatin’ my ass off 100 feet up on a flimsy little board, riskin’ my life —”
Fred got drowned out then by a loud little airplane trailing billowy white clouds like a crop sprayer. The white clouds spread out and fell softly below. Fred and Fairly looked up as the particles showered over them, blanketing everything like a fine light snow.
“Just great,” said Fairly, wiping a finger on the glass he’d just cleaned which was now covered with the fine powder.
“Anyway, I was sayin’, I’m up here riskin’ my life every day for crummy pay and – hey, what is this shit?” asked Fred.
“I don’t know but it’s strange,” said Fairly. It had fallen on themselves, too. They brushed it off but it kept coming down.
For no apparent reason, Fred scooped a handful of it off the window and tossed it in Fairly’s face, laughing as he did it.
“Hey, what’s the idea?” said Fairly, wiping off his face.
“Fun, Fairly, that’s the idea,” answered Fred. “Wow, look at that stuff, man!”
They scanned the city from their precipice. Sunlight glittered brightly on the crystalline cover coating the byways and buildings below.
“It’s beautiful,” marveled Fairly.
“Yeah, it’s like summer snow,” said Fred, resting his arm on Fairly’s shoulder. “Think it’s time for a break?”
“Yeah, that’s cool,” said Fairly.
They hoisted their scaffold up top. A minute later, so did Mal and Camilla.
“It’s so pretty!” declared Camilla, twirling herself in a circle on the rooftop.
“Woman crazy from plane powder,” said Mal, smiling as the men watched Camilla dance in the sun.
They took the elevator down and walked out to the street. Men in suits were playing with the powder on sidewalks, tossing it up in the air and romping like a bunch of 4-year-olds.
The street was unusually quiet. There were very few cars being driven. People had parked and gotten out to frolic in this mysterious dry snow falling everywhere.
“Might as well quit work early today,” Fairly laughed. “Can’t clean windows with this stuff all over the place.”
“Let’s go to the park,” suggested Camilla.
The guys agreed, so they went down the block and across the street to the little city park. Lots of people were coming out of office buildings to fill the park but the four window washers found room to sit on the grass covered with white powder.
There was a group of folks sitting next to them who started singing: “Row, row, row your boat gently down the stream, Merrily, merrily, merrily merrily, life is but a dream.”
As soon as the folks got to ‘stream,’ the window washers (except Mal who didn’t know the song) chimed in starting from the top. They went on singing it for several repetitions, everyone laughing as they got confused in the middle of the verse.
After a bit, they stopped singing and just laid back to bask in the sun – and the feeling.
As Fairly lay on the grass with his eyes closed, he felt something on his shoulder. He looked to find a starling perched on him, its greenish purple iridescence sparkling in the sun.
“Well, hello!” he said, offering his forearm to the bird, who hopped on and started chirping excitedly.
Then a squirrel scurried onto Mal’s foot and stood up on its hind legs prattling provocatively.
“Like to speak animals’ language,” said Mal.
“That would be so cool,” said Camilla, gently sliding over to caress the rambling rodent. She smiled warmly at Mal as the squirrel permitted her petting.
One by one, all the birds and squirrels came down from the trees and mingled amongst the people, letting themselves be touched by the big bi-peds.
After an hour or so the crew packed up the van and went home, even tho it was barely lunchtime. The traffic was lighter than usual and people were driving less aggressively. The flow seemed more cooperative than competitive. Unlike drunk drivers who tend to go faster and more recklessly, the strange airborne powder had made people slow down a bit and take it easy. There were some accidents but they were mostly fender-benders.
Camilla got out at her run-down building but for once it didn’t depress her to arrive home. She went up to the hot apartment and drank some lemonade. Then she turned on the Latin station and danced around the room by herself, thinking about her date with Carlos coming up tonight. After a while she got sleepy and lay down for a nap.

Fred got home to find LaVon already there. The law firm where she worked had sent everyone home early, too. Shazelle was at her friend’s house where she stayed on summer days.
“Hey, lover man,” breathed LaVon sexily. 
“Hey, sweet thing,” said Fred.
Their arms wrapped gently around each other as they kissed deeply. LaVon nestled her head under Fred’s chin and sighed. “Honey, you make me feel so safe and loved,” she said. 
“I’m glad, babe. You make me feel loved, too.”
“Not safe?” she teased.
“Oh, sure! Way safe! I know you’d kick the butt of anyone who tried to mess with me.”
“I’ll mess with you myself!” said LaVon, trailing her fingers down his tummy. And with that they messed around with each other.

When Fairly drove in the driveway, Donna and the kids were frolicking in the front yard. He parked in the garage, then came out and gave them all a big hug.
“How are my three favorite people?” he asked. 
“Mommy said we’re stoned,” said Hairly.
“HAIRLY!” said Donna. “I didn’t tell you that.”
“That’s what you said to Jared’s mom,” said Hairly. “What does stoned mean, Daddy?” asked Kristy.
“Well, Cupcake, it’s what happens when people take drugs. They get kinda weird and silly.”
“We didn’t take drugs, Daddy, but I think we’re stoned, anyway,” said Kristy.
“Yeah, me too,” said Fairly. “Guess it’s this white stuff.”
“What IS this stuff?” asked Donna.
“I don’t know,” answered Fairly, “But it’s all over the city. It came out of airplanes like crop dusters. It’s kinda nice, doncha think?”
“Yeah,” said Donna, “But I’m worried about the kids.”
Pretty soon Kristy and Hairly went next door to play with the neighbor kids. Donna and Fairly went inside.
“You know, the house seems so much homier now,” said Fairly.
“Really?” asked Donna. “I didn’t think you were too crazy about the changes I made.”
“Honey, I’m sorry. I guess I’d just gotten used to having my own way of doing things around here. But I don’t really care about that. I just care about having you and the kids here and us being a family.”
Fairly gazed at her as if she were a rare and wonderful jewel. Donna felt something for Fairly, too, for the first time in almost a week, since their tryst back at her old place.
They fell into each other’s arms, then rushed into the bedroom and locked the door.
About an hour later, Hairly started banging on the door. “Mommy, Mommy. I’m hungry.”
Donna threw on her robe and opened the door. Hairly and then Kristy came in and jumped on the bed.
“We couldn’t find you guys,” said Kristy.
“Well, we needed some rest,” said Donna. “I’m hungry, Mom,” said Hairly again.
“I’ve kinda got the munchies myself,” chimed in Fairly. 
“The munchies!?” said Kristy.
“That’s what we called it in college when we got hungry after we…uh, never mind.”
“I’ve got the munchies, too,” said Kristy, giggling.
“I think we all do,” said Donna. “ How ‘bout if we have a snack now but not too much because we’re going out to dinner with your Uncle Tad this evening.”
They all rushed to the kitchen where Donna and Fairly got out some grapes and strawberries, along with cheese and crackers.
After their snack, everybody suddenly needed a nap.
Chapter 28


Up on the Rank Mother Ship, Queen Severa slammed her teacup to the floor, shattering it in a hundred pieces.
“BYRON!” screamed Severa. “There’s one damn day ‘til the vote and the Lumans got Jesus Freakin’ Christ on worldwide television. I’ll be damned if those namby-pamby missionaries are gonna take Earth away from me. Where the hell’s Fumagio?”
“I’ll summon him, Highness,” said Baron Byron. He knew better than to tell Severa right now what he knew General Fumagio was doing at that moment.
Byron pressed Fumagio’s code on the ship’s paging system and the general’s pager beeped in his pants pocket. But Fumagio wasn’t in his pants. He was in a hot tub, lolling lasciviously with lusty ladies.
Minutes passed in the Command Room and the Queen really fumed, which made it hard to breathe in there, since even before Severa was furious she gave off fetid fumes.
Baron Byron called Princess Salacia’s extension. “Princess, the Queen is upset. We can’t reach General Fumagio. We need you here also. Could you please stop by the General’s quarters and see if you can find him?”
Soon the seething Salacia stomped into the Command Room, followed by a disheveled Fumagio, bleeding slightly from the mouth.
The Queen fixed him with an icy stare. “I trust it’s not too much trouble for you to perform your duties as military commander, seeing how the vote is coming up in less than 24 hours,” said Severa sarcastically.
“A thousand pardons, your Majesty,” begged Fumagio. “I’m now ready to carry out orders for palace and planet.”
“Get your swarthy ass down to China,” barked the Queen. “It’s got the biggest voting bloc on Earth and we’ve got to get them in our camp. Promise them anything but deliver the Chinese to our side or your head will decorate our flagpole.”
“Yes, Highness. I fly to do your bidding.” He slithered out.
“What can I do to help, Mumsy?” asked the precious Princess.
“Insinuate yourself in India, instantly!” ordered the Queen. “Never mind the nicey-nice. Put some fear in those filthy beggars.”
“Yes, your majesty,” said Salacia as she curtsied and left. “Get me Admiral Aufello on the phone!” barked Severa. Baron Byron quickly reached the Admiral and handed the phone to the Queen.
“Admiral, we’re going full force on fear,” said Severa. “I want you to wage weather war all night long over Southeast Asia.”
“As you wish, Highness,” obeyed Aufello. “Should we continue the lovedust saturation as well?”
“FORGET THE FREAKIN’ LOVEDUST!” screamed the Queen. “JUST SHAKE ‘EM TO THEIR BONES!”
“As you wish,” my Queen,” said the Admiral.
The Queen turned to Baron Byron by her backside. He was sniffling and his eyes were red. She had a compassionate moment for his plight.
“By, fetch the sprayer, would you, please?” she asked. Despite his suffering state, he went and dragged in a barrel of industrial-strength cologne. Watching the gallant efforts of her lover, the Queen grew strangely moved.
“Hose me, honey,” she said. “Hose me hard.”
Byron lifted that python of perfume and let loose a volley of vapor. Severa braced herself before the roar, yielding bravely as Byron blasted her, toes to nose, with the fumigating fog.
Submitting to the smell-repeller, giving herself over to the greater good of others like royalty is constantly called upon to do (with little appreciation for their sacrifices), Severa soon got hot and bothered. Byron’s sniffling wasn’t the only moist mucus manifesting, for Her Majesty’s musk started to seep deep in her lubricious loins even as droplets of deodorant dew goosebumped every inch of her supple superior skin.
As the sickly sweetness saturated her, the Baron could hardly see the Queen across the clouded room that enchanted evening. “Byron, come here. I need you,” he heard her call. Dropping the heavy hose, he waded toward her voice till he reached his Queen. She threw her arms around his neck and pushed herself into him. Byron nuzzled her neck as they provocatively pressed their protuberances upon each other.
“Do I smell better now?” whispered Severa.
“Not half funky,” By allowed.
“Sniff me, you fool!” cried the Queen. And he did, trailing his long pointy nose thru her hefty heaving cleavage, across the soft summit of her stomach, nearer her nether nest.
That’s when Byron passed out. Severa’s pheromone was a little too strong for the Baron’s sensitive smeller. But the Queen was not to be denied, even if it meant resorting to desperate measures. As Byron lay prone on the floor, she sat astride his skinny chest and gripped her garment just above that cavernous cleavage. The Queen then ripped her bodice down the middle, unmuzzling Her Majesty’s mountainous melons. She managed to revive him by slapping his face firmly with her berry-budded bosoms. As Byron woke up, Severa slid further down, resuming her ministrations with this method until it caused the consummation of their carnal congress.


General Fumagio touched down in China Friday evening and was quickly shown to Premier Ding Dang Dong.
“Comrade, I bring you warm greetings from Queen Severa of Rankor,” said Fumagio. “We wish to convey our grave concerns about the impending vote, especially here in China with its huge population.”
“What are you suggesting, more of your lovedust, then?”
“No, Excellency. On the contrary, we suggest what has always worked before – might. There’s a saying you Earthlings have: ‘Might makes right.’ If you reminded your people of the government’s power, it could only renew their resolve to trust in your tried-and-true system.”
“I think you have a point there,” said Dong.
“Yes, and we’ve brought along more lazer blazers to help demonstrate that the government is stronger than ever. All we ask is unlimited access to your flower production,” said the general.
“It’s a deal,” Dong smiled broadly as they shook hands.
Within a couple of hours, millions of troops in combat gear drove down city streets all over China. The soldiers staked out street corners as passers-by looked on curiously. Tanks rolled into city squares as jet fighters streaked and boomed overhead.
Official government news explained the military presence as a precaution against a possible alien takeover. Trucks mounted with loudspeakers roamed the cities blaring warnings that voting in favor of the aliens would be treason and could be punished by life in prison or even death. What's worse, in every city, known democracy advocates were quickly rounded up and publicly executed on the street by firing squads.
Government television showed graphic videos of public hangings and firing squads. Some of the firing squads used their new lazer blazers to vaporize the dissidents, and the sight of that sent a shock thru people watching the news.
Similar shows of military force were made in other dictatorships of Earth, accompanied by stern warnings about the consequences of voting for the alien plan.
But the pixies, nicknack and eggnog, saw the fear and force being used in China and employed their own methods to counteract the intimidation. The pixies commandeered stockpiles of lovedust the Ranks had brought down, loaded up their buzz bug and started busily spraying some of the major cities of China that evening. The white playful powder actually had the pacifying effect on the populace than the Ranks had originally intended by bringing it there in the first place. But instead of making people satisfied with their lot in life as the Ranks had hoped it would, it now made the people less worried about the presence of the military. The soldiers got stoned on the powder, too, caught unaware by the pixies’ surprise spraying. And being stoned, the soldiers lacked the intimidating attitude government officials had hoped the army would project.
In India, Princess Salacia took a different tack. Using pixil projection devices, Rank technicians on several ships combined to create huge holographic images of the Hindu deities Shiva, Kali and Krishna above Mumbai. The Ranks made these deities look frightfully vengeful. The familiar appearance of Kali with human skulls hanging from her necklace gave believability to the Ranks’ misrepresentation of Krishna and particularly Shiva, who Hindu scripture regarded as a force of both creation and destruction.
Then the images of the deities were manipulated by the Ranks as if to speak. “People of the world, you displease us,” said ‘Krishna’. “You would give over control of the entire planet to these strange interlopers and abdicate your karmic duty to lift yourselves from this hell of your own making.”
Then ‘Shiva’ spoke up. “These communist carpetbaggers you contemplate capitulating to will cause me to crush and cremate this corrupted cosmos I created.”
“Oh, what fun that will be,” added ‘Kali’. “Pain and pestilence, flood and famine, death and destruction all await. I’ll tear your heads off and add them to my necklace if you vote to give the aliens your Earth.”
These booming other-worldly Gods’ voices were beamed from the Ranks’ buzz bugs and bounced off the deities’ holographic images, which also acted as amplifiers.
Princess Salacia then took her show on the road, repeating it over major cities across India. Millions of Indian people were overcome by the spectacle, falling to the ground on their knees or fully prostrate before the apparent spiritual revelation of their Gods above them. For dramatic effect, the Ranks added apparitions of extremely black cloud funnels like tornadoes and hovered them perilously close to crowds of terrified people below.

Meanwhile in Southeast Asia, Admiral Cornell Aufello employed Rank weather ships to produce some real tornadoes. This technology alters the charge, temperature and volatility of the atmosphere’s molecular ions to suit the desired effect. The tornadoes mowed down whole neighborhoods in seconds, scattering homes and bodies like toothpicks. But the cyclones were just a warm-up for the next whammy. To give the people an especially unnerving experience, Aufello made it snow in tropical countries from Indonesia and the Philippines all the way to Thailand.
At first, the snow dropped softly and seemed strangely delightful to these millions of people who had never seen it. The children rolled and played in it, while adults just stared, not believing their eyes.
But trouble soon followed. The wind began to blow bitterly cold and the snow built into a blizzard. Entire nations came to a standstill, caught unprepared for temperatures going down below zero Fahrenheit. There were tremendous numbers of traffic accidents. As the storm wore on, people froze to death because no one had winter clothing in these lands where the temperature rarely went below 60. The flimsy shacks many people called home offered little shelter from the howling wind whipping thru the walls.
Hour after hour, the blizzard blew over Southeast Asia and the region’s island nations until the wee hours of the morning when Admiral Aufello finally called off his weather war. He then let the temperature slowly rise to its usual warmth. Aufello also sent a warning to newspapers and television stations throughout the region that the weather would worsen if voters approved the Lumans’ plan.


Meanwhile, Marquisa Musqueeza and Armando Guitarmo, after a chaste but affectionate night together, had a lazy Friday morning in Jamaica lolling on the beach to rest and recover from their harrowing ordeal the night before at the hands of the attempted assassin.
“Armando, why don’t you come and join me on today’s show in Los Angeles? It should be very exciting.”
“That’s tempting, Musqueeza, but I really need to get back to spreading my message. The vote is tomorrow.”
“I could talk to the promoter and get you a slot on the program,” offered Musqueeza.
“There are a lot of ifs in that. I’d be at the mercy of the show’s organizers who might not be so enthusiastic about having me on. And if I get bumped off the line-up, I’ll miss my last chance at having my own show tonight.”
“If I say I want you on the show, then you’ll be on. I’ve got the promoter wrapped around my finger,” said Musqueeza.
Armando gave her a skeptical look. Musqueeza came close to embrace him and looked up into his eyes.
“Think of it,” she whispered. “A worldwide audience that would take thousands of stadium shows to equal. You can sing on your own and we can sing together. Won’t you come with me?”
As Armando looked into her eyes, he gave in. “Okay.”
“Fantabulous, baby,” said the Marquisa. “Let’s get going then. Should we take separate bugs?”
“Yes, We both should have our own vehicles in Los Angeles,” answered Armando.
He took her across the island to her waiting bug and bodyguards.
Then they both zoomed west across the continent to Los Angeles in just a few minutes, landing outside the stadium in the midday sun where thousands of Vajonna fans were already camped out.
Marquisa stayed in her bug for quite a while, dressing and doing her make-up. In the meantime, Armando walked over to the stadium gates and serenaded the long lines of fans, who greeted him warmly. He played a few tunes and spoke of the vote with the fans.
After a while, Marquisa Musqueeza emerged from her bug all sex and splendor, in purple leather halter top with golden strands of fringe and tight matching hot pants. Her red curls were bouncing as she walked across the parking lot with her bodyguards and into a side door of the stadium. She went straight to the office of the promoter, who leaped to his feet when he saw her. Stationing the bodyguards outside, she entered and locked the door behind her.
“Marquisa, it’s so great to see you, said promoter Rich Hoodwink. “I was worried that you weren’t going to make it after I heard you got shot last night.”
“My life was saved, Richie. I’m fully recovered. And I wouldn’t miss this for the world. Hey, I brought a special guest I’d like you to squeeze in for a little slot.”
“Oh, that’s a tough one, Musqueeza. We’ve got a very tight line-up. We’re starting at 4 o’clock this afternoon so we can give Midwest and East Coast viewers time to get home from work and still not be too late to snag some South American and European audiences.”
Musqueeza sidled up close to Hoodwink, pressing her leather-clad breasts to his dangling tie. Her fringe fluttered and so did Hoodwink to be tempted all over again by this intergalactic superstar. “Just as a personal favor to me?” she asked.
“There’s no time,” said Hoodwink. “Believe me, I hate to take a hard line here but I’ve already cut back performing time for Vajonna and the girl group Steel Stockings. My back’s against the wall.”
Marquisa’s face turned down but she swiveled around with her back to him. Then she nudged her rounded rear, barely covered by the taut leather shorts, back below his belt. She reached her right hand up to caress his face while her left snaked around to grasp his fleshy butt. She slid her shorts sensuously on the silk of his suit while he besieged her bulging bosom.
“You’re very persuasive,” he whispered.
“Is your hard line softening?” asked Marquisa. 
“Yes, but my soft line is hardening,” said Hoodwink.
“A little ho time for a little show time,” she said, still squeezing.
“Deal!” he said, possessively pawing her pert protrusions. Musqueeza now brought her right hand down behind him and dug the long sharp nails of both hands into his rump to return the ravaging he raked on her rack. But the pain she imparted provoked him more. The showbiz sultan’s suit crinkled as he creased her quivering cleft thru their clothes while she pressed her posterior upon his pulsing plums. When his tongue and teeth took an intoxicating taste of the nape of her neck, Hoodwink bubbled to boil, frothing in the front of his fabric.
His grip on her breasts then eased enough for Musqueeza to escape his grasp and the spent Hoodwink collapsed on the couch. “My friend goes on the show, then?” asked Musqueeza. 
Hoodwink wearily held up a hand with fingers spread. “Five minutes. He’ll go on before you. Name?”
“Armando Guitarmo. It’s a pleasure doing pain with you.”
She left his office and went back to her buzz bug, wading within the wedge of her bodyguards thru the throng of fans who thought she was Vajonna. Marquisa took a little while to recover from the interlude with Hoodwink. She freshened her make-up and fixed her hair before going to Armando’s bug, where he had returned to wait for her.
“Great news!” she announced, bursting in to give him a hug. “You’re on the program.”
“Oh, good, good,” he said, but his tone was low key, not near as excited as she seemed to be. He searched for eye contact but she only gave him a glance, then looked away.
“You’ll only have five minutes but that could be enough if you make good use of it,” she said, moving aimlessly around the bug’s cabin, still not looking at him.
“Fine, fine,” he said. “I hope it wasn’t too much trouble to get me in.”
She stole a look at him to find his eyes intently set on her.
But she quickly averted her eyes when they met his.
“No, no trouble at all. Just the usual showbiz wrangling.”
“Well, that’s good,” said Armando, his voice betraying more emotion than he meant to reveal. “I mean, I wouldn’t have wanted you to do anything unsavory just for the sake of getting me on the show.”
Musqueeza finally dared to meet his gaze. In the light that shone between their eyes, the truth could not be hidden. She felt flustered and her face went flush. “How did you know?” she asked.
“We Lumans have developed our psychic powers,” he replied. “Sometimes we see things we don’t really want to see, especially with those who are close to us, even if they’ve only been close for a day.”
“I feel so ashamed,” she said. “You must think I’m just a cheap whore.” She turned away and started to weep.
Armando gathered her up in a warm embrace and held her tight while she cried on his shoulder. After a couple minutes she calmed down a bit. He tenderly placed his hands on her face and looked deep in her eyes.
“I see a woman whose soul is ready to come out from behind the facade of her body,” he said.
“In a way I am, but I’m scared,” she said forlornly. “My body’s gotten me everything I have.”
“Your soul is already so much more than your body could ever get – not that I mind your body,” said Armando with a smile. “In fact the physical can be fantastic. But your talent and your love live forever in your soul.”
Musqueeza wrapped her arms around him. “Thank you,” she whispered, softly placing her cheek to his.
Then they went inside the stadium to their dressing rooms.
Chapter 29


The phone woke Fairly and Donna from their Friday afternoon nap.
“Hello,” said Donna groggily. “Hi, Donna, It’s Tad.
“Oh, hi, Tad. Are you in town?”
“Yeah, we just landed. Are we still on for dinner?”
“Sure. Where do you want to go?” asked Donna. “Do you know a place called Lilacs and Lentils?”
“Yes, I’ve seen it before. Meet you in about an hour?”
“Sounds good,” said Tad. “See you then.”
Donna nudged Fairly, who had fallen back asleep, then she went and roused the kids. In a little while they were all ready to go. They got in Donna’s car but it wouldn’t start. After a few minutes of trying, Fairly suggested taking the van.
So they all piled in the van even though it was still 95 degrees on that early evening. The family baked in the heat as they drove.
The restaurant smelled of lilacs. The decor was lavender with potted ferns and flowers under skylights. Waiting in the foyer were Tad and Chuck.
Tad was taller than his older brother by an inch or two and a bit slimmer. His hair was bleached blonde and he had a deep tan and several earrings. When the kids saw Tad, they were a little shy. They hadn’t seen their uncle for about two years and they didn’t remember him very well. Tad shook their hands almost formally, then turning to a short and stocky dark-haired man with a mustache, said, “I’d like you to meet my partner Chuck.”
When everyone was acquainted, they got a table and sat down.
Fairly looked the menu over and softly scoffed to Donna, “I knew it. There isn’t any meat.”
“It won’t hurt you to eat a vegetarian meal,” she whispered. They all found something to order and then there was an awkward silence when Fairly and Tad found they had little to say to each other. Not just to make conversation but making it sound that way, Tad said, “So tomorrow’s the big day.”
“Big day?” asked Fairly.
“The vote,” said Donna.
“Oh, yeah, THAT big day,” said Fairly. 
“I get to vote,” chimed in Kristy.
“What’s to vote?” asked Hairly.
“That’s when people say how they want things to be,” said Tad. “Did you hear a man tell about the vote when there was bright light everywhere?”
“YEAH, YEAH!” said Hairly, suddenly excited. “I ‘member now. I get to vote, too!”
“I can’t figure out if the whole thing’s going to be for real,” commented Chuck.
“Yeah, I know what you mean,” said Fairly. “It could all be a hoax for these aliens to disarm us and then take over.”
“Well, I meant it just seems like a dream come true,” Chuck replied. “I’ve always wanted the world to be peaceful but I never thought anything like this could happen.”
“It is exciting to think about a peaceful world,” agreed Tad. “And I was glad to hear that the aliens are for gay rights.”
“What does ‘gay’ mean?” asked Kristy.
Donna placed her hand on the little girl’s head. “That’s when two boys like each other and want to be together,” she said.
“Oh, I’m gay, too,” piped up Hairly. “Me and Jared want to be together.”
Everybody laughed except Fairly who spoke sharply. “No, you’re not gay! Don’t be stupid.”
Hairly hung his head at the chastening and the mood grew uncomfortable.
Again, Tad attempted to break the ice. “Hairly, what do you think of girls?”
Hairly stole a look at his Dad and then answered his uncle in a subdued voice. “They’re kinda yucky.”
Tad turned to Fairly. “You’re right. At his age, not liking girls almost guarantees he’s hetero.”
“Not that there’s anything wrong with that,” cracked Chuck.
Fairly didn’t appreciate the joke and his face remained rather grim for the rest of the meal. When it came time for the check, he made a token effort to pay it but allowed Tad to overrule him and take care of it.
Outside the restaurant, they all shook hands except Tad and Donna who hugged each other. The unspoken strain between Tad and Fairly still lingered amid their mixed feelings for each other. Then they went their separate ways to their vehicles. Tad’s rental car was in the restaurant’s lot and Fairly had parked on the street.
As Donna and Fairly loaded the kids in the van, they noticed an old souped-up shiny red pickup truck drive slowly by with its tailpipes making quite a racket.
When they had the kids belted up, Fairly started the van and pulled out into the street. A moment later as they passed the restaurant parking lot, Donna shouted, “STOP!”
She pointed to where the old pickup had gone in the lot. Tad and Chuck were being threatened by three big beefy guys with aluminum baseball bats glinting in the orange setting sun. Fairly quickly drove into the lot, stopped the van and ran over to help. Donna told the kids to stay in their seats, then she pulled out her phone to call for help.
Just as Fairly got close, one of the guys swung his bat at Tad, who tried to dodge the blow but it caught him on the upper arm and he screamed in pain and fell to his knees. Chuck kicked the guy in the balls, making him drop his bat and double over in pain.
Fairly tackled another guy from behind and was just about to punch him when the third attacker pulled him off. This guy was so strong he picked up Fairly by the collar with one hand and threw him straight into their truck’s tailgate. Fairly was dazed but still conscious as he raised his head from the pavement in time to see the same guy smash his bat into the left side of Chuck’s head. Chuck fell over hard and blood poured from the gash above his ear.
Fairly struggled to his feet as Tad was doing the same. The guy Chuck had kicked was still doubled over but the one Fairly had tackled was up and he swung his bat squarely into Tad’s jaw. “How do you like that, pretty boy?” he sneered as Tad collapsed from the blow.
Chuck and Tad both lay on the ground now bleeding profusely. The big goons taunted them while raining blows on their bodies with the bats. It took Fairly a minute to gather his wits after having his head smashed into the truck. He remembered his revolver under the seat and staggered to the van, reaching in under the seat to grab the gun.
Kristy and Hairly, still buckled in their seats, were crying hysterically and calling to their Dad as he started back toward the melee. Donna got out of the van just in time to see Fairly raise the pistol and aim.
“NO!” she screamed but her voice was drowned out by the first shot. It ripped into the back of the attacker who was raising his bat for another swing at Tad. Then Fairly fired a shot at the guy beating Chuck. The bullet hit him in the side of the head and he crumpled to the ground. Then the first attacker, who’d been doubled over since Chuck had kicked him, managed to straighten up and began to run away. Fairly blasted off two quick shots, dropping the fleeing assailant with hits in the shoulder and leg.
For a moment, everything was still. Fairly stood motionless, letting his gun droop toward the ground. Donna was about 30 feet behind him standing there in shock at what she’d just witnessed. Tad, Chuck and the three attackers lay scattered on the ground.
“Mommy, Mommy,” came Hairly’s voice from the van. “I’m scared, Mommy.”
Donna snapped out of shock in response to her child. She went and unbuckled them and they got out and stood by the van.
From a distance, there came the sound of a siren. Fairly dropped his gun and walked over to where Tad lay bleeding. Tad was barely conscious but he looked up at Fairly who knelt down and gently held his brother’s bloody head in his hands.
Donna grabbed some towels from the van and ran over to help. She dabbed softly at Tad’s smashed jaw.
“Chuck…” whispered Tad. Donna went to Chuck whose head was still streaming blood. He was unconscious.
Remembering about direct pressure from a first aid course she’d once taken, Donna pressed a towel firmly to the gaping wound on Chuck’s head.
Soon the sirens were very loud as the police and ambulance arrived. The paramedics quickly assessed the injuries to the five men. Tad had multiple injuries but he wasn’t in immediate danger. Chuck had a weak pulse and was critical, having lost a lot of blood. The attacker who got shot in the head was dead. The one shot in the back was in bad shape from internal bleeding. The other attacker’s wounds weren’t life-threatening.
Another ambulance came and the shot men were taken to the hospital. A policeman came over to Fairly. “Can you tell me what happened here?”
Fairly felt like he was in a dream, a strange slow-motion enveloping him. “These guys… they attacked my brother and his…partner.” Fairly heard himself saying this as if it was someone else talking.
“Then what?” asked the cop.
“I shot them. They were trying to kill my brother.”
“Is that your gun?” the cop pointed to where it still lay on the ground.
“Yeah,” Fairly said softly.
“Okay, I need you to come with me while we straighten all this out.”
“My wife…” said Fairly.
The cop motioned for Donna to come over. She and the kids came up and hugged Fairly. “I’m going to need to take your husband to the station for questioning,” the cop told her.
“Are you arresting him?” she asked anxiously.
“I can’t say right now. Why don’t you come to the station after a while and we’ll see.”
Donna turned to Fairly. “Hon, I’ll take the kids to the neighbors and go check on Tad. Then I’ll come to the station.”
The cop took Fairly to his cruiser – still flashing lights – and opened the front door. No handcuffs were used.
Donna drove the kids home and dropped them off next door.
Then she went to University Hospital. She found Tad in the emergency room getting his jaw wired. He didn’t have a shirt on because they’d just taped his ribcage and his left arm hung at an odd angle. Tad had lost several teeth and his mouth was caved in.
With the doctor working on his jaw, Tad couldn’t speak but he looked at Donna questioningly.
“You want me to check on Chuck?” she asked.
Tad nodded. Donna went to the desk and asked about Chuck. A nurse came over. “I’m sorry. By the time he got here, he’d lost too much blood. He died a few minutes after arriving.”
Donna went back to Tad. He knew as soon as he saw her face. Then they both started crying. The doctor took a break from his work and Donna came close to take Tad gently in her arms. As Tad wept, his ribs hurt even more. After a few minutes, he composed himself. The doctor returned to finish wiring Tad’s jaw.
“I need to go check on Fairly. The police took him in to the station,” said Donna. “Will you be okay here until I get back?”
Tad nodded.
“When I get done with his jaw, I’ll set his arm in a cast,” said the doctor. “Then we’ll move him up to a room.”
At the police station, Fairly was still being questioned in a small office. Donna waited on a bench for nearly an hour, then Fairly came out looking pale and somber. A police detective was with him.
“Alright, Mr. Midlin, you’re free to go for now,” said the detective. “We may need to question you further so you are not to leave the city.”
“Okay,” said Fairly. Then he turned to Donna. “How’s Tad?”
“He’s real banged up but he’ll be okay.” Then she hesitated. “Chuck …Chuck died. He’d lost too much blood.”
Fairly looked at Donna’s trembling face. She still had Chuck’s dried blood on her white lace blouse. “Oh, God,” said Fairly. “That’s horrible.”
They slowly walked out of the station with arms around each other, then Donna drove them to the hospital.
Tad was in a hospital room, lying propped up in bed. Fairly took hold of Tad’s hand and held it. Tad looked up and his lips almost made a smile around his wired up jaw. “Thank you,” he whispered thru his broken mouth.
“What are brothers for? Tad, I’m sorry about Chuck.”
Tad’s eyes welled up with tears. Fairly and Donna stayed a while with Tad, then they left to retrieve their kids and went home.
“Where’s Uncle Tad?” was the first thing Hairly asked.
“He’s in the hospital,” said Fairly. “Do you remember those guys who were hitting him with the baseball bats?”
Hairly nodded.
“Well, they hurt Uncle Tad pretty bad. They broke his jaw and his arm so he needs to stay in the hospital.”
“Is Chuck in the hospital, too?” asked Kristy.
Donna touched her daughter’s head. “Honey, Chuck was very badly hurt. He lost so much blood that the doctors couldn’t save him and he died.”
Even tho they’d only just met Chuck that evening, the kids had seen the attack from the van, so the news that Chuck had died was very upsetting and they both started to whimper and cry. Pretty soon Donna and even Fairly cried, too.
“What happens when people die, Mommy?” asked Kristy. “Nobody knows, sweetie. A lot of people think we have spirits that leave our bodies then,” said Donna.
“Do we go to Heaven?” the girl asked.
“That could be, I don’t know. Some people think our spirits come back later and we get born as another person.”
“I think Heaven is like that light we saw when the man talked about the vote,” said Kristy.
“I hope so,” said Donna. “I really hope so.”
Then after their long horrendous day, everyone went to bed.
Chapter 30


Earlier that Friday when Camilla woke up from her nap, she was a bit groggy and disoriented. A dry mouth reminded her of the strange white powder that got everybody stoned earlier that day. Lolling lazily, she turned to glance at the clock radio reading 5:55, which didn’t mean much to her until she remembered her date with Carlos. He was coming to pick her up at 7 o’clock but way over at her Mama’s.
Camilla scrambled out of bed and rushed around her apartment grabbing some shoes, underwear and her sexiest dress. She threw them all in a bag and rushed out the door wearing just sneakers, shorts and a t-shirt. Bounding down the stairs, she raced out of the building down to the bus stop. But the bus was late, its air conditioning wasn’t working and traffic was very slow.
Getting off in the old neighborhood, Camilla ran the two blocks and three flights up to Mama’s. Bursting in the door, she was frazzled and sweaty, her redddish-brown hair a frizzy mess.
“Mama, I’ve gotta take a shower and get ready. My date will be here any minute. Keep him occupied, willya?” She rushed thru to the bathroom and slammed the door shut behind her.
“Si, Camilla. Nice to see you, too.” Mama said to herself because Camilla was already running the shower.
Four minutes later, at exactly 7 o’clock, there was a knock on the door. Mama opened it to a nicely dressed young man with a nervous smile and a bouquet of flowers.
“You must be Carlos. Come in, come in. Camilla’s not quite ready. Why don’t you sit down?”
“Gracias, Mrs. Piquanto.”
“Camilla tells me you’re a college student.”
“Yes, I hope to go to law school next year.”
“Well, that sounds fine. Here, let me show you some of Camilla’s baby pictures.”
It was 45 minutes later that Camilla, clean and fresh, came casually into the living room. Her hair now fell in soft shiny curls, framing her face painted with bright red lipstick and blue eye shadow. She was wearing a short, clingy, black poly-satin dress and four-inch pumps, raising her to Carlos’ height.
“Oh, hi Carlos. I hope you haven’t been waiting long.”
Carlos looked up from the photo album and his eyes practically bugged out. “N-no, no, it’s alright. Your Mama was just showing me your baby pictures.”
“Well, I hate to tear you away from something so interesting but don’t you think we better get going.” It wasn’t really a question and Camilla went over and picked him up by the hand. 
She gave Mama a quick peck on the cheek and led Carlos out. “Buenos noches, Mama. Don’t wait up,” she said without waiting for reply.
Carlos had borrowed his brother’s car for the evening and he drove her to a nice Chinese restaurant. After they ordered, Camilla noticed he kept staring at her.
“Is my lipstick smeared or something?” she said.
“Uh, no, no. You look beautiful. I just don’t usually get to go out with a girl like you.”
“Like me how?” she asked. 
“A pretty girl. A nice girl.”
“What, girls hate you or something?”
“Um, they think I’m kinda nerdy.”
“Oh, why do they think that?” asked Camilla.
“Well, probly ‘cause I AM nerdy. I study a lot and I don’t know much about music and stuff.”
Camilla looked into his eyes across the table. “I think you’re very nice. And anyway, I’m not prejudiced against nerds.”
Carlos smiled and relaxed a little. Camilla trusted the gentleness in his eyes and felt this was a guy who might actually listen to her and respect her instead of being like the usual guys who just wanted to bang her and boss her.
After their dinner, they went to the Latin nightclub where they’d met a few days before. Carlos had prepared himself to overcome his awkwardness and dance with Camilla, so this time he didn’t need to be coaxed even tho he still lacked confidence.
The band was hot, and so was the dance floor with the crush of couples in the small space. They were moving fast to the beat but still staying close to each other. Camilla and Carlos got bumped into by other couples and Carlos looked around and noticed that some of them were very good dancers. He suddenly felt outclassed and just as his inhibitions were returning, Camilla moved in even closer, as close as she could get, and wrapped her arms around him.
“You’re doing fine,” she said. “Just move with me.”
He nodded and smiled at her. So when Camilla stepped, Carlos stepped. When she shook her shoulders, he shook his, too. But when her hips started grinding and she brushed up against him, he held back from following her lead. In fact, he pulled away a few inches altho still holding her around the waist.
Camilla figured it was more of his shyness and pressed herself tightly back upon him. That was when she discovered the real reason for his retreat.
“Are you packing a pistol tonight, Carlos?” she grinned.
“I’m sorry,” he said, averting his eyes. “I can’t help it. You’re very exciting.”
“It’s kinda stuffy in here, doncha think?” said Camilla.
“Why don’t we go where we can get some fresh air and calm down a little bit.”
They went outside to the summer night, which was warm but not so hot as the club. It wasn’t very late so there were other people around and the street was brightly lit by surreal orange-tinged streetlights. Camilla took his hand in hers and they went strolling down the sidewalk.
“Why do you want to be a lawyer?” she asked.
“You wouldn’t believe me if I told you,” said Carlos. 
“To get rich?”
“No. I’d like to make a good living but that’s not the main reason. I want to be a defense lawyer for people like us - hispanics and other minorities who don’t get good legal counsel because they can’t afford high-priced lawyers.”
“You’re right, I don’t believe you,” she said, smiling.
Carlos looked at her and saw that she was kidding. He smiled too, and they continued to stroll.
“What do you think about this big vote thing?” he asked.
“It sounds good to me,” said Camilla. “The world seems like such a crazy mess, why not try something new?”
“I’m going to vote yes, also,” agreed Carlos. “We need to stop the violence people inflict on each other. Plus, the way we’re going, we could destroy Earth’s entire ecosystem.”
“You ARE a college student, aren’t you? I think being smart is sexy,” she said, putting her arm around his waist as they walked. He put his arm around her shoulder.
There was still some of the white dust from earlier on the sidewalk. “This stuff falling from the sky today was really strange,” said Carlos. “I wonder what it is?”
“I’m not sure but it was pretty wild,” replied Camilla. “Didn’t you like it?”
“It made me feel weird and out of control. Then after a while, I got real sleepy.”
“Yeah, it reminded me of smoking dope,” said Camilla.
“Oh, yeah, I smoked dope once back in high school. It made me kinda stupid. I didn’t like it.”
Camilla thought to herself that this is one area where they disagree because she enjoyed marijuana sometimes, but she didn’t say anything because of wanting to keep the mood pleasant.
“Let’s go someplace,” she suggested.
“It’s probly almost time to take you home, isn’t it? I don’t want to get in bad with your Mama.”
“Don’t worry,” said Camilla, “Unless you’re just trying to get rid of me.” She stopped to face him, looking expectantly in his eyes.
Carlos felt a wave of desire wash over him. He pulled her tight and kissed her tenderly on the mouth even tho there were people walking near them.
“Where can we go and be alone?” she whispered.
“We could go to my brother’s place. He and his wife are out of town for the week-end.”
She nodded with a longing look at him. They turned around and quickly walked back to where they’d parked. In the car, they held hands except when he needed both hands to drive.
At his brother’s apartment, Carlos showed Camilla in and they sat on the couch. “Do you want to watch TV or something?” he asked her.
“I wanna do this,” said Camilla, pulling him to her and kissing him hard. He kissed her back and it felt right and exciting for both of them to be in each other’s arms.
They kept kissing for a while, 10 minutes, 15… 20. Camilla grew hot and bothered, her hands roaming to take off his tie and unbutton his shirt. Carlos kept his arms around her tight but made no move for further action. She took one of his hands and placed it on her breast. He kept his hand there but didn’t move it at all. Camilla then spun herself over to sit on him, straddling his legs to face him. At this point, Carlos turned his head away from her kisses.
“What’s wrong? Don’t I turn you on?” she asked.
“You do, you really turn me on,” said Carlos stealing a look in her eyes before turning away again.
“What’s wrong then?” she pressed.
“I think…I just think we’re going too fast,” he said. “From where I’m sitting, it feels like you’re interested.”
“I am, sure I am,” Carlos admitted. “But I think we should slow down. I don’t want to just have a one-night stand with you.”
Camilla moved off and sat next to him again on the couch. “Well, this is a weird switch,” she said. “Usually it’s the girl who wants to slow things down.”
Carlos put his hand gently to her cheek and looked in her eyes. “I hope you don’t think I’m weird. But I think maybe we could have more than just sex together, don’t you?”
She saw the sincerity in his eyes and she liked him so much it scared her a little. She buried her face on his shoulder and whispered, “I hope so, Carlos, I hope so.”
They stayed that way on the couch for quite a while, talking and cuddling until they both fell asleep.
A couple hours later Carlos woke up. “Camilla, it’s late. I’ve got to get you home.”
They quickly left and headed for Camilla’s Mama’s house. When they got there it was past 2 o’clock in the morning.
“Come in for a few minutes,” said Camilla outside the door. 
“Won’t your Mama be mad about you getting home so late?”
“She’ll probly be asleep.”
They entered quietly and sat a while talking softly in the living room. Pretty soon they were sharing a goodnight kiss and Carlos was getting ready to leave when the phone rang.
“Hello?” said Camilla. 
“Mrs. Piquanto?”
“She’s asleep. This is her daughter. What’s this about?”
“I’m calling from City Hospital. We have her son Eduardo here. He’s been shot.”
Camilla gasped and caught her breath. “How bad is he?”
“We don’t know yet. He’s unconscious but someone remembered him from when he was in here a few days ago. Your mother better come down right away.”
Camilla hung up and went in Mama’s room. “Mama, Mama, wake up. The hospital just called. Eddie’s been shot.”
Mama gasped and put her hands to her face. But she jumped up and got dressed while Camilla went to wake up Rosalita. They came out to the living room where Carlos was waiting.
“I can drive you all to the hospital,” he said.
When they got there, Eduardo had been taken to surgery. All they were told was that he had a head wound. Then they waited.
After a while, a policeman came over to them and said Eddie had been in a shootout with some gangbangers and he was a suspect in a killing. The officer said there was a concern that other gang members might come here to retaliate against Eddie, so he stayed nearby.
Then they waited for another couple hours. Finally a doctor came to the waiting room and addressed Juanita. “Are you the boy’s mother?”
“Yes, how is he?”
“Not good, I’m afraid. He took a bullet to the brain. We operated for nearly three hours to remove the bullet and try to stop the bleeding. “He’s in a coma now and all we can do is wait. We’ve got him on a respirator to keep his breathing stable.”
“Isn’t there anything else you can do?” asked Mama.
“I wish there was. All we can do now is hope and pray. You can go see him in a little bit when they get him moved into the Intensive Care Unit. It couldn’t hurt for you to sit and talk to him. Some people believe it can help a person come out of a coma.”
So that’s what Mama did. She sat vigilantly by his bedside in the ICU talking nonstop to her unconscious son about anything and everything. The hours passed slowly by and daylight came but it was all the same inside the windowless world of the hospital.
Camilla, Carlos and Rosalita stayed out in the waiting room.
Once in a while, one of the girls would go to the door of the ICU and talk for a minute with Mama, but mostly they just waited. And Eddie remained in his coma.


Also, earlier on Friday after Fred and LaVon had made love, their relaxation was deep and they fell asleep entwined on the couch.
A while later, the phone woke them up. LaVon reached to pull the phone to her ear.
“Hello? Oh, hi Mom. Already? You mean today? Sure, sure, we’ll come get you. Right, we’ll see you in a little bit. Bye.”
When Fred and LaVon got to Carolina Parker’s hospital room, she was already dressed and ready to go. She still wore a large bandage over her eye and one on her head, but she had a big smile on her face.
“There’s my beautiful daughter and her handsome man,” said Carolina to a nurse in the room. Carolina sat in a wheel chair like the nurse asked her to do, even tho she said she could walk just fine but she knows rules are rules, so she let the nurse push her down the hall to the elevator and then out the door to where Fred had parked.
“Oh, my Lord, what a glorious day!” said Carolina as they drove. “I’m just so happy to be alive and to have such a wonderful daughter and son-in-law-to-be. Lookit, there’s a lovely flower garden around that house. Is anybody hungry? I’m fositively pamished. Oops, I mean famished, hee hee hee hee hee,” Carolina giggled merrily at herself.
“Mom, you seem a little giddy,” said LaVon. “Did they give you some kind of drugs in the hospital?”
“Certainly not!” retorted Carolina haughtily. “I’ve never taken drugs, never! I heard the nurses talking about some powder in the air conditioning system but I don’t know what that could be …now there’s a handsome young man, why if I were thirty years younger, I’d …well, I shouldn’t say, should I? Ha ha ha.”
Fred and LaVon looked at each other and rolled their eyes. They drove on and picked up Shazelle from her friend’s house.
“Grandma, Grandma!” shouted Shazelle when she got to the car.
“How’s my little darling?” said Carolina as they hugged each other. “How about we get some pizza, my treat?”
“Yay! Okay!” cried Shazelle.
So they went and got an extra-large pizza with everything.
On the way home, Shazelle said, “Know what, Grandma? Tomorrow’s the vote.”
“Yes, dear, it surely is. Won’t that be wonderful?”
“Some boy said it’s a trick and there won’t be no vote.”
“Won’t be ANY vote is the correct way to say it, sweetheart,” said Carolina. “And yes, there WILL be a vote tomorrow, I’m sure of it.”
“I can’t wait,” said Shazelle. “I’m gonna vote yes.”
“I am too, baby,” said Grandma. “I am too.”
“Mom, why don’t you stay over with us tonight?” asked LaVon.
“Oh, I’ll be fine, dear,” replied Carolina. “I’m anxious to get back to my own place.”
“But I’m worried about you being all by yourself the first night out of the hospital,” said LaVon.
“I’ll stay with you, Grandma,” volunteered Shazelle.
“Would you, honey?” said Grandma. “We could make gingerbread cookies and read stories together.”
So Fred and LaVon got Shazelle and Carolina settled in at Carolina’s house and then went on to their own place. Fred came inside, plopped down on the couch and clicked on the remote.
“Anything good on?” asked LaVon.
“Don’t know. Friday night’s usually pretty bad. Wait, here’s that concert with Vajonna.”
LaVon sat down and snuggled up with Fred to watch the show.
Chapter 31


The Save the Salamanders Satellite Show was starting. Dirk Dark came out to introduce the first act.
“Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, here with us in this magnificent stadium and all of you watching around the world by the magic of satellite technology, thank you for joining in this important cause of saving the salamanders. We know that many salamanders are endangered and that it’s up to us to save these precious creatures so close to our hearts. A portion of our profits from tonight’s show will go to the Salamanders Habitat International Treasury. And won’t you please show that you care by giving to S.H.I.T.
“Now please welcome international superstar of Hip-Hop and Rhythm ‘n’ Blues, Mr. HOT DOGG ICE!!”
The sweating mass of humanity rose out of their seats and gave thunderous applause as Hot Dogg Ice strutted onstage dressed in backward ballcap, black t-shirt and baggy jeans sagging halfway down his butt. Dressed a little more sensibly for the 98 degree heat were his band members – all willowy women who looked like they’d just stepped out of a lingerie commercial, strutting in spike heels and vamping for the audience.
“HELLO, L.A., HELLO WORLD,” hollered Ice as the audience roared back. “Here’s a little song I wrote on my sleeve in the last two minutes while I was waiting to come onstage. I’m calling it ‘Salamander Sex’.”
The music started playing with a big beat that happened to sound exactly like a hundred  other Hot Dogg Ice songs. The scantily-clad girls were writhing to the rhythm as they played their instruments. At least it appeared they were playing. In reality, the music was all pre-recorded on tape and the babes were just there to spice up the show. Ice was flitting around doing his customary copulatory contortions.
Then he started to sing/rap in his inimitably lascivious way:

“I wanna be your salamander stud.
I crawl to you, my tongue on parade. 
You’re cold until I warm your blood
Singing salamander serenades.”
Baby, now you hot and primed – 
Your spotted skin so smooth.
You’ve got me raised behind
To satisfy your salamander groove.
We slide in slime beneath our legs – 
The wild thing will make us linked – 
My seed arrives to meet your eggs.
So salamanders don’t become extinct.”

After this song, he played many of his hits and the crowd went crazy for every one. Before his last song, he stopped and addressed the listeners.
“Hey everybody, dig. The vote is coming up tomorrow. I hope the world votes yes for the peaceful ways of the Lumans. How about you? Thank you all very much. Peace.”
Then Ice played his finale and left the building.
For the next few minutes, commercials were shown to the television audience, mainly ones from the coalitions opposing the vote. Then Dirk Dark returned to the microphone.
"Next we have a very special singer-songwriter-dancer-actress – you name it, she’s done it. Ever since bursting on the pop music scene in her underwear to become an international phenomenon, she has challenged our boundaries of decency and decorum, and all the while turning a prodigious profit – a feat that I for one am immensely impressed with. Here she is – a woman whose name is synonymous with the essence of femaleness: VAJONNA!”
As the audience once again roared with excitement, out walked the sex siren – encased in a floor-length formal dress that showed litle skin and absolutely no cleavage. Her hair was just past her shoulders, clean and her natural dark brown. A camera’s close-up, projected on a screen 30 feet tall, revealed little make- up and only a small pair of diamond earrings.
“Hi, everybody,” said Vajonna softly.
There was no band with her, no dancers, no flashing visuals. Instead, she had Hezekiah Hatchet, the piano prodigy, and Sixpack Pearlman, the violin virtuoso, as Vajonna began to sing:

“You are my sunshine, my only sunshine. 
You make me happy when skies are grey.
You’ll never know, dear, how much I love you – 
Please don’t take my sunshine away.
The other night as I lay sleeping, 
I dreamed I held you in my arms.
But when I woke up I was mistaken, 
And I hung my head and I cried.
You are my sunshine, my only sunshine.
You make me happy when skies are grey. 
You’ll never know dear, how much I love you. 
Please don’t take my sunshine away.”
(Public Domain)

When she finished the children’s song, the crowd was hesitant, surprised at this motherly figure instead of the sex goddess they’d always known. But they gave her polite applause.
Vajonna smiled warmly to the audience. “Ever since I had my baby, there have been some strange changes taking place in me. I’ve come to appreciate some old-fashioned values. I hope you like these songs I’ve chosen to sing for you.”
The truth is that most of the audience didn't much care for Vajonna as demure Mom. She sensed this by their tepid response as she sang more pop standards from yesteryear, including “Que Sera, Sera” and “My Blue Heaven.” Without her usual disco beat and bubble gum melodies filling the air, Vajonna’s vocal limitations were obvious, yet the trembly vulnerablility of her style did appeal to a few listeners.
Finishing her short set, Vajonna spoke to the crowd. “We need to make peace in the world. Please join with me by saying yes in the vote tomorrow. Thank you so much.”
She left the stage. Altho there was far less applause than there’d been for Hot Dogg Ice, Vajonna came back out to do an encore.

This time she sang a capella:
“Amazing grace, how sweet the sound
That saved a wretch like me.
I once was lost, but now I’m found
Was blind, but now I see.”
(Public Domain)

Much of the audience joined in to sing with her when she started the song and she encouraged them with a wave of her hand. By the time she got to the second verse, which fewer people knew, the crowd was swaying and humming along. Then she returned to that first familiar verse and their voices roused the stadium with a feeling of fervent fulfillment.
After the song, Vajonna smiled broadly and curtsied before leaving the stage.
Dirk Dark came back to the mike. “Well, that’s all of our performers – from Earth, that is. Next we have a late addition to the show’s roster. He’s a star on his own planet and he’s come billions of miles to play for us. Let’s give a nice Earth welcome to Armando Guitarmo!”
Armando strode confidently to the front of the stage. To try matching the energy of the audience, Armando fingerpicked a fast flamenco, which wasn’t really expected by this pop population, but some appreciated his artistry anyway.
For his next tune, Armando played a sensuous blues, bending and holding the notes as they soared over the rows of revelers. The feeling in his sound was so sweet and deep and real that even these listeners accustomed to the synthetic syncopation of disco degeneration couldn’t resist it. They pricked up their ears and got swept away on the feeling.
As Armando finished that second selection, Dirk Dark signaled him from the side of the stage by pointing to his watch.
“That’s all I have time for,” said Armando. “I am one of the Lumans who came here with our offer to guide you in making a peaceful world. I hope you understand that we have no intention of taking over the Earth. On the contrary, we want to help you achieve true democracy and equality. If you vote yes to our plan, we can help to stop the violence of people toward each other and toward the Earth. Thank you very much.”
As Armando had started to speak, Dirk Dark nodded to the show’s director, indicating he should go to commercial, so viewers around the world didn’t get to hear Armando’s message.
After the commercial break, Dirk Dark came back out to address the audience. “Our last performer has also come billions of miles to entertain you. Altho she’s new to us on Earth, she’s a superstar across the universe and an artist of stage, screen, radio and television thru-out the galaxy. We’re proud to introduce THE MARQUISA MUSQUEEZA!!”
Musqueeza would normally have burst enthusiastically onto the stage, but she was unusually low-key as she walked out to face the crowd, whose expectations had just been sent sky-high. She was dressed fairly conservatively for her, in a black silk full-length dress.
“Thank you, Los Angeles,” she said softly. “And thank you, Earth. I’d like to say something right off. I was just watching the television monitor backstage and I noticed that my friend Armando Guitarmo had his message cut off from the television audience by commercials. He said that the Lumans have no intention of taking over the world. The truth is the Lumans just want to save the people of Earth from themselves. I have a recent experience with that because Armando saved my life just last night when I got shot in Jamaica. One thing I know is the Lumans’ light and love are for real. There’s no reason to fear them or their vote.”
Then Marquisa sang the Youngbloods’ ‘60s peace plea, “Get Together.” She sang it without accompaniment but unlike Vajonna, the depth and range of her voice were so fine that instrumental backing wasn’t necessary. Altho most of the stadium fans were not yet born when the song was a hit, many still knew it by heart, either from racial memory – that concept where knowledge is genetically programmed into our species’ DNA – or possibly from listening to oldies stations when they were kids riding around in their parents’ cars. In any case, they sang along:

“Love is but a song we sing – 
Fear’s the way we die.
You can make the mountains sing
Or make the angels cry. 
Though the bird is on the wing
And you may not know why – 
C’mon people now, 
Smile on your brother – 
Everybody get together, 
Try to love one another right now.”
(Copyright Chet Powers, Irving Music, BMI) 

Now a different feeling was affecting the audience. Marquisa was used to adulation from crowds but this love that came from them was less lustful and more heartfelt. It was as if they now realized the importance of the song’s message, since they were preparing to participate in planning for the planet.
Marquisa, too, transformed her lusty style this day to one of a more spiritual nature. Since her near-death experience last night, she’d been doing some soul-searching. Before the show in her dressing room, she had felt on the verge of tears from the unconditional love that Armando had shown her. She wasn’t sure if she had fallen in love with him or if she’d just been overcome with gratitude by someone looking out for her so unselfishly.
For her next song, Musqueeza asked Armando Guitarmo to join her. He played guitar and harmonized while she sang Buddy Holly’s “True Love Ways.” Also accompanying were pianist Hezekiah Hatchet and violinist Sixpack Perlman who’d both been mooning around Vajonna backstage. Perlman’s haunting bow work blended blissfully with Guitarmo’s graceful strumming and Hatchet’s delicate playing to accent the longing in Musqueeza’s wistful vocal. As she sang with Armando, she gazed into his eyes and deeply felt the lyrics instead of having to act them out as many singers do when sharing a song. She couldn’t know if he felt it too, but she sang her heart’s desire:

“Just you know why, 
Why you and I, 
Will by and by
Know true love ways.
Sometimes we’ll sigh, 
Sometimes we’ll cry – 
And we’ll know why
Just you and I 
know true love ways.
Throughout the days
Our true love ways
Will bring us joys to share
With those who really care.
Sometimes we’ll sigh, 
Sometimes we’ll cry – 
And we’ll know why
Just you and I 
know true love ways.”
(Copyright Norman Petty – Buddy Holly, Wren Music, BMI) 

Then Musqueeza asked Hot Dogg Ice and Vajonna to join in a singalong. They came out and everybody took turns on Pete Seeger’s “Where Have All The Flowers Gone?”

“Where have all the flowers gone, 
Long time passing, 
Where have all the flowers gone, 
Long time ago.
Where have all the flowers gone, 
Young girls picked them every one - 
When will we ever learn?
When will we ever learn?”

(Copyright Pete Seeger, Sanga Music, BMI) The song repeated, with young girls gone to husbands, husbands gone for soldiers, soldiers gone to graveyards and then – full circle – graveyards gone to flowers. The crowd sang along almost reverently but all the while behind the scenes, the show’s sponsors and producers were pulling their hair out as they listened to this song supporting the alien vote.
As for Musqueeza, she’d always felt good singing for crowds but this was something special. She was so full of good feeling she’d like to burst. In a way, she did.
For the finale, Ice, Vajonna and Armando stayed onstage to back her up on the old gospel rouser “This Little Light Of Mine.” When Musqueeza launched into the song, she became so enraptured that she could barely bring the words up from her heart and thru her throat. But still she pressed on with her singing and something started to give. Around her face, little bits of light began to flicker. This was no stagelight trickery. Soon there was a velvety violet glow enveloping her from head to foot as she sang:

“This little light of mine, 
I’m gonna let it shine.
This little light of mine, 
I’m gonna let it shine.
This little light of mine, 
I’m gonna let it shine.
Every day, every day, every day.”
(Public Domain)

Musqueeza turned and beamed at Armando who came over and put his arm around her as she continued to sing. The song went on for quite a while with multiple repetitions before Dirk Dark got the word from the producers. He then frantically signaled to the performers to wrap it up, which they eventually did, to the fans’ standing ovation.


Meantime in Paris, lying in bed in the middle of the night and watching on a small old television, Anna asked Dank Van Rank, “Did you see that? She got an aura while she was singing!”
“Yeah, that’s amazing, ‘cause she usually acts like a selfish whore.”
“You know her?” asked Anna.
“Sure, she’s a member of the Rankor royalty but she’s only a Marquisa by marriage.”
“Well, if she’s from Rankor, I wonder why she was saying people should vote for the Lumans’ plan?”
“Huh, I’m not sure,” said Dank. “Maybe she got fed up with being a Rank.”
“What about you?” asked Anna.
“Yeah, I guess I’m fed up, too,” Dank admitted. “I think I’d like staying on Earth if I could be with you.” He looked at her shyly as he lay by her side.
Anna snuggled up close and rested her head on his shoulder. “Maybe, Mr. Spaceman,” she smiled. “You know, you’ve smelled better lately, so I might let you hang around.”
“You could tolerate an alien invasion?” he asked.
She brought her lips close to his. “Invade me, alien!”
Chapter 32


Saturday morning dawned gray and rainy outside the hospital where Camilla and her family stayed while Eduardo remained in a coma. Still in the waiting room was Camilla’s date from last night, Carlos. Camilla, still wearing her nightclub dress, woke from a short nap in a chair and saw Carlos beside her reading a magazine.
“Our first date has been kinda long and weird, huh Carlos?” she said, placing her hand on his.
“It’s okay, I don’t mind. Hey, how about I get us some breakfast?”
Camilla and Rosalita were weary from being up most of the night in those uncomfortable chairs, they just nodded. Carlos went down to the cafeteria and brought back some orange juice, sweet rolls and coffee.
Camilla walked down the hall to the intensive care unit where her mother sat praying beside the comatose Eddie, his scalp covered in bandages. “Mama, come and have some breakfast. Carlos brought us some food in the waiting room.”
“I don’t want to leave him,” said Mama.
“He’ll be okay in here,” said Camilla, picking up her mother’s hand. “Come on, you need a little break.”
Mama reluctantly let Camilla pull her away. They went and ate their breakfast but Mama hardly had half her roll. She drank some coffee but then went right back to sit by her motionless boy.
Rosalita suggested to Camilla, “Hermana, why don’t you go home and get some sleep. I’ll stay and look after Mama.”
“I don’t want to dump all this on you, Rosa.”
“It’s okay, I got some sleep last night before we came here. You can come back and relieve me later on.”
Camilla looked at Carlos who nodded in agreement. They left and Carlos drove Camilla back to Mama’s house, where they snuggled together on top of the covers on Rosalita’s bed with their clothes on before both of them fell asleep.


Late Friday night, Fairly was released after questioning by the police, who had tentatively decided to call the shootings justifiable homicide. He got home with Donna after midnight. They went next door and got the kids, who were asleep on the neighbor’s couch, and carried them home to bed.
But Donna and Fairly weren’t able to sleep after their awful experience. Altho Fairly felt it was true that he’d been justified in killing Tad’s and Chuck’s attackers, he still had an ache in his heart from having killed two human beings and wounding another. Donna also had mixed emotions, ranging from horror at witnessing the attack to feeling proud of Fairly for protecting his brother. The hours dragged by with the two of them lying there in the darkness unable to sleep, yet not feeling comfortable talking about it either. They could hear each other breathe and they wanted to find comfort in each other but they were inhibited since their relationship had been awkward and rocky in this first week of being back together.
Finally just before dawn, as the rain started tapping on the house, Donna’s need to connect with her husband overcame her shock and uncertainty. She reached her hand over and placed it in Fairly’s. He held her hand tight and she put her other arm around him and they lay embraced for a long while.
“That was the scariest moment of my life in that parking lot,” said Fairly.
“Mine, too,” said Donna. “You could have been killed.”
“Yeah, but, you know, I didn’t even think of that right then. I was just scared of Tad being killed.”
“You saved his life. I’m proud of you, Fairly.” She kissed him on the cheek.
But then Fairly turned and faced away from her. After a moment Donna thought she heard him crying. It was strange ‘cause she’d hardly ever known him to cry.
She snuggled close to his back spooning him. “It’s okay, honey. It’s okay now,” she comforted.
But Fairly kept crying. “I haven’t ever been much of a brother to him. When we were kids I never let him play ball with me and my friends or stuff like that.”
Donna held him from behind and let him pour it out. “Well, lots of kids don’t let their little brothers play with them.”
“It’s more than that,” said Fairly. “I used to beat him up, too. He was always kind of a sissy and I’d taunt him about it and smack him around. I was really shitty to him.”
After a bit, Fairly stopped crying and lay sighing quietly.
Gray daylight was seeping in thru the blinds when Donna pulled his face up from behind and planted a kiss on his mouth. He reacted only half-heartedly but she persisted in kissing him hard. She draped one of her hands over him and got busy under his shirt, softly caressing his chest and tummy as she pressed herself against his back.
Despite his depressed demeanor, Fairly felt himself responding to her touch, especially when her hand delved into his boxers. He rolled over to face Donna and returned her kisses and caresses. Soon they were making love, tenderly at first, then feverishly until they each reached a sweet release of climax.
Afterwards they finally fell asleep, still in each other’s arms, while the rain outside kept pit-a-patting down.
Chapter 33


At dawn on Saturday in Southeast Asia, the orange sunlight glittered blindingly on the snow from Friday’s tropical blizzard.
With normal heat returning, the deep snow quickly melted, turning the streets to slushy rivers. There was chaos as people panicked in the floods resulting from the Ranks’ weather war.
But in the midst of the misery, a great glowing light arose above. The sky turned from blue to a bright white and then gigantic images of Buddha, Krishna, Mohammed and Mother Mary appeared, filling the sky. From Burma and Thailand down thru Cambodia and Vietnam on the Asian mainland; across the South China Sea to Malaysia and Indonesia, and east to the Philippines, hundreds of millions of people looked up in awe from their misery to see images of the revered religious figures towering high above.
Soon the light transformed the floodwaters into a foggy mist that rose up glittering like billions of diamonds in the air. The bright, thick mist kept rising till the floods evaporated and the land dried out and the air became crystal clear.
From the image of Buddha came a voice speaking in Humanish so everyone would understand, regardless of their language. “The snowstorm inflicted on you was the work of the aliens called Ranks,” spoke Buddha. “They want to instill fear in you so you won’t dare to vote for the plan proposed by the Lumans. This evil trick should not sway your vote. The Ranks are desperate for Earth’s people to vote no because if you choose the Lumans to guide you, the Ranks can’t colonize the world.”
“You have free will, as always, to follow your conscience,” spoke Mohammed. “But we want you to know that the blizzard you’ve endured was not an act of nature, nor an act of God, but only a cruel and empty threat from the Ranks who wish to enslave you.”
“Like the Lumans, our goal is also to guide you,” said Mother Mary. “We recommend the Lumans’ plan but it’s your decision to make. If you want peace in the world, trust your feelings when you see the light.”
“The magic in your spirits will emerge if you trust your lives to the ways of the Lumans,” said Krishna. "All the deities of the collective soul are united in urging your vote for peace and love.”
Their short message delivered, Buddha, Krishna, Mohammed and Mother Mary let their images fade, along with the glow of light. The people of the region slowly came out of their awe and began the grim task of cleaning up the damage and burying the dead.


As the world spun into Saturday morning, Earth’s animals made radical moves to express their hope that humans would vote for the change.
In the oceans, whales, dolphins and giant sea turtles converged alongside ocean liners full of vacationing humans. Great schools of fishes swam right up to beaches and harbors. In the air above cities, huge flocks of birds – enough to darken the sky – crisscrossed the neighborhoods while people came out to watch and listen to their chorus calls. Herds of deer, 30 to 40 strong, came out of the woods and strode calmly into suburbs and cities. Beside them were families of skunks, raccoons and possums; packs of coyotes and abandoned dogs, along with an assortment of snakes, frogs, turtles, foxes, beavers and bobcats, all parading for people to see. In northern areas, even bears and moose cautiously meandered into towns.
Animal prisoners in zoos and circuses, who were usually subdued, now rattled their cages and called to the screws. On farms and ranches, chickens clucked and cackled crazily, and whole herds of cows lowed in unison, creating a palpable nasal drone that could vibrate your spine. Sheep ran all over the place bleating loudly and the sheepdogs wouldn’t herd them. Horses kicked their fences and neighed noisily.
House cats went into bedrooms and laid down on their humans’ sleeping heads, but in some cases that wasn’t unusual.
Mice came out of the walls and stood squeaking in the middle of kitchens. Dogs bounded around the house, jumping up on chairs and howling as if the sirens had gone off. Goldfish gurgled in their bowls. Ear mites swung from their humans’ hairs and hollered.


In newspapers all over the Earth on Saturday, large headlines read, “Worldwide Vote Today.” Editorial advice was mixed – some recommending the aliens’ plan and others warning against it.
Surveys of likely voters, which in this case meant everyone, had found a shifting attitude in people during the week. In America, percentages ranged from the low fifties to high sixties approving the vote. But America comprised less than 5% of Earth’s population. Polls from other countries were difficult to gauge. Many of the poor and densely populated countries didn’t have reliable polling since no one in power had ever before cared what the masses thought about anything. In some countries, the media had been suppressed all week on the subject of the vote, but that didn’t stop the people from talking and thinking about it.
In the freer countries, radio and television stations devoted much of their programming to the vote. Since most of the world’s radio and TV network owners opposed the plan, they made sure their most eloquent defenders were on the air to refute any voices favoring it.
On Saturday morning, President Lyall Wicker’s weekly radio address was also carried by television. Looking straight into the camera, he spoke his speech so sincerely:
“My fellow Americans, today I speak to you on an issue of immense importance. As you know, the space aliens called Lumans will be conducting a vote today. Honorable people have taken views on both sides of the plan as presented. After contemplating all conceivable consequences, I must warn you of dangers hidden behind the facade of altruism the aliens advocate. There’s an old saying, ‘If it sounds too good to be true, it probably is.’ They are asking for blind faith but we know little about these aliens asking us to turn over our world.
“A comparison is in order. Early in the 20th century, the people of Russia rose up and overthrew a tyrannical monarchy. The revolutionary leaders intended to create a communist country with equality for all. Unfortunately, human nature being flawed, the replacement regime soon sank into a sham of socialism. Collective rule went by the wayside and a series of murderous dictators came to power – absolute power – abandoning the idealistic goals originally promised in the revolution. It took over seven decades before the Russians were able to free themselves from their new tyranny.
“My fellow Americans, we all know our world is far from perfect and we all want a better world. My concern, like most of the elected representatives you chose to lead you, is that this alien plan would leave our fate in the strange, uncertain hands of others from far, far away. The aliens have made their plan sound attractive but what do we really know about them? Very little. But we do know the United States of America has created the greatest governing system the world has ever known, and many countries are making strides to emulate our democracy. The world IS moving toward more freedom, as surely as it’s moving toward a free-market economy, so that we all may prosper.
“Today, I ask you to trust in your leaders to govern just as you did when you chose them in free and fair elections. Let’s keep the people of Earth in charge of Earth and Americans in charge of America. Thank you and God bless each and every one of you voters today.”
The problem for the president was that hardly anybody watches TV on Saturday mornings except kids, and they were just annoyed to have their cartoons interrupted.
Chapter 34


Fred and LaVon woke up late on Saturday, a little dull and groggy from the after-effects of that goofy powder they’d inhaled when it covered the city on Friday.
As they lay in bed snuggling, LaVon turned to look in Fred’s eyes. “Honey, do you think the vote’s gonna turn out our way?”
“I’m really not sure,” said Fred. “To me, it seems like people would want peace, but there are a lot of dudes out there – good and bad – who don’t wanna give up their guns.”
“There’s a little part of me that wonders if somehow it all could be a trick, but I really don’t believe it is,” said LaVon.
“Yeah, and that’s the other thing that puts a little doubt on the outcome,” said Fred. “There’s been a lot of scare tactics against the vote that have probly made a lot of folks confused.”
“Well, we better get up. I’m getting hungry,” said LaVon.
After breakfast, Fred and LaVon went over to see Carolina, who was teaching Shazelle how to sew at an old sewing machine.
“Look, Mama, Grandma’s showing me how to make a dress,” beamed Shazelle.
“And we’re waiting for our chance to vote today,” said Carolina.
“Grandma, I’ve never voted before,” said Shazelle. “I don’t know how.”
“Sweetie, I’ve voted lots of times but not this way. I think they’ll tell us how when it’s time.”
Then the three females all crowded around the sewing machine to work on Shazelle’s dress while Fred read the paper.
After a while, he got bored.
“Well, I’m headin’ off to play basketball,” said Fred. “I’ll be back in a couple hours.”
“Okay, dear,” said LaVon, giving him a quick kiss. “Don’t forget to vote,” she grinned.
Fred was early, the first one at the gym. He laced his high-tops tight and started shooting free throws. After clanging the first three or four shots off the rim and having to chase down the rebound, his touch grew softer, giving the ball a higher arch so it whooshed cleanly thru the net, the backspin returning it to the line where he stood.
Ten, fifteen shots in a row went swishing thru the hoop as Fred found his groove. Moments like this made him feel his mind and muscles were in sync, working together the way they should.
Alone in the quiet, cavernous gym, his motion felt meditative, transporting him beyond the here and now as if in a dream.
It wasn’t often that he felt this way anymore. His job didn’t do much for him except pay the bills, and not so well at that.
And the world often seemed a strange and hostile place. The neighborhood wasn’t bad – usually – but they’d still had that murder and Shazelle’s kidnapping. Fred longed for a peaceful life, with a lot of woods around, like when he’d been a little kid at his Grandpa’s farm.
Fred stepped out to the three-point line to toss in a high- arching swish, and the ball dribbled slowly back. He remembered shooting on the rickety old rim in Grandpa’s yard, smiling at the memory of having to throw the ball with all his might to get it up that high. Life seemed so sweet and simple back then.
Not like now. Now it seemed most guys in the ghetto shot bullets, baskets or dope. What hope was there for a peaceful life around all that?
Except. Except for the vote. Could it really change the world? It was indulging in a fantasy, he knew, but Fred let himself believe it.
He launched another shot but as it left his hand, a swooping form flew out of nowhere and knocked it to the floor.
“REJECT!” taunted his buddy Jet. “Hey, String, the old lady still lettin’ you come out and play?”
Jet grabbed the ball and started for the hoop. Fred chased after and caught up as Jet went up for a jam. As Jet raised the ball above his head, Fred stuffed it right back in his face.
“Good D, oldtimer!” said Jet, and they both chuckled. They shot around for a little while not saying much. Fred wondered if he should even bring up the subject of the vote. But it was so much on his mind that he did anyway.
“Have you decided how you’re gonna vote?” he asked.
“Damn straight!” Jet replied. “I’m gonna vote against that crazy-ass plan, man.”
“Serious, man,” said Fred. “How we gonna have peace the way things are goin’?”
“I AM serious, bro. I just don’t believe some peoples from outer space are gonna make everything alright all of a sudden. And I KNOW you wouldn’t have gotten Shazelle back without somebody usin’ guns against those dudes that took her.”
“But what if all the guns were taken away, Jet? Wouldn’t that be a lot safer than the way it is now?”
“Whatchu been smokin’, String? You believe all that hippie shit those space people sayin’? Ain’t nobody takin’ all the guns away. Couldn’t do it in a million years. And I’m keepin’ mine.”  
The rest of the guys had come over to warm up while Fred and Jet were talking. Big Mo spoke up.
“I got a gun but I’d give it up if everyone else did,” said Mo. “My little boy’s only three years old and I’m scared somebody will kill him. I’m tired of all the killin’.”
“I am too,” said Jet. “But how they gonna get the guns away from the po-lice, the gangbangers and the Ku Klux Klan? Do you want them to have guns and you not?”
Altho Todd was a lawyer he wasn’t usually real assertive in this group, partly because of days like this when he was the only white guy there, but now he offered an opinion.
“I believe the Lumans have ways to enforce the gun ban,” said Todd. “They clearly have powers of the mind beyond our comprehension.”
“It’s beyond my comprehension how you guys can believe all this trash,” Jet replied. “Might as well vote for Santa Claus and the Easter Bunny, know what I’m sayin’?”
“Okay, I guess we got to agree to disagree,” said Fred. “Let’s play some hoops.”
The guys shot their free throws for teams of shirts and skins, then ran their game.


Kristy and Hairly slept late Saturday morning after their ordeal of witnessing the attack on Tad and Chuck. When Hairly woke up he went to Kristy’s bed and snuggled with her for a little while. Then he got up and went in the living room to watch cartoons. Kristy stayed in bed, hugging her pillow. She felt afraid but she didn’t know why.
It was mid-morning before Fairly and Donna finally dragged out of bed after only about four hours sleep. Donna went and found Kristy in her bed staring up at the ceiling.
“Kristy, are you okay?”
“Mommy, do we still get to vote?”
“I believe so, honey. It’s supposed to be today.”
“But Daddy has a gun and he killed people. The man who talked about the vote said guns weren’t allowed anymore.”
“I know, honey, but that will only be the rule after the vote if enough people say yes. It’s not the rule yet. And Daddy was just using that gun trying to protect Uncle Tad and Chuck.”
“I’m scared, Mommy.” She started to shake and cry.
Donna got in bed with Kristy and wrapped her daughter in her arms. “It’s alright, baby, It’s alright now.”
Meantime, Fairly pulled himself out of his bed and creaked slowly to the living room. He heard cartoons blaring on the TV but didn’t see anyone in there. Then from behind him he heard something that sounded like gunfire: BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM.
Fairly nearly jumped out of his shorts, but it was Hairly pointing his cap pistol at him and continuing to fire. Fairly stomped over to his little boy, tore the toy gun away and swatted him hard once on the butt with his hand. Hairly ran out crying and sought solace from his mom and sister.
Fairly threw the cap pistol to the floor and sank into the couch. He clicked the TV off and sat quietly brooding by himself.


Camilla and Carlos woke up hot and sweaty in their clothes on Rosalita’s narrow bed. Earlier, when they’d laid down after returning from the hospital, they were tired so they’d only snuggled a little, but now Camilla gave him a big wet kiss.
“My breath must be awful,” she whispered. “It’s okay,” said Carlos. “How’s mine?”
“Um, don’t know. I better take another taste to be sure.” She kissed him again and their tongues touched tantalyzingly.
Carlos had awakened with a boner as he usually did, and it became even moreso with Camilla in a short dress laying beside him and putting her tongue in his mouth. Then to escalate matters, Camilla lifted her bare leg and slithered it over his pants while she french-kissed him. Carlos’ resolve to wait before having sex was crumbling under her undulations.
But then just as he reached for her breast thru the slick satin dress, the little tease slipped away.
“Now, now, you know what we said about waiting,” she laughed.
“Camilla, you’re driving me crazy!”
“Well, you better get used to that. Why don’t you take a cold shower? I’ve got to call the hospital.”
Camilla picked up her phone and called the ICU waiting room. Rosalita answered.
“Rosa, it’s Camilla. How’s Eddie?”
“He’s still the same. I talked to a doctor a little while ago. He said Eddie could be in a coma for a long time.”
“How’s Mama doin’?’
“Okay, I guess. She’s not goin’ anywhere. She just holds his hand in there and talks to him and prays her rosary.”
“Okay, hermana. I’ll be back over there in a little while. Do you want me to bring anything?”
“Yeah, a sandwich might be good. And something for Mama but I don’t know if she’ll eat anything. But there’s no rush, take your time. There’s nothing we can do but wait”
“Alright, Rosie, see you soon.”
Camilla hung up the phone and sat on the bed. She thought about her kid brother Eddie and how he acted all tough and grown up even tho he was only 13 years old. She hadn’t felt as close to him this last year or two as when he was younger but still she loved him dearly and worried that he might not come out of his coma.
Then, despite her concerns for Eddie, she thought about Carlos; their first sweet date and the way he’d resisted sex with her, then the long night at the hospital and how he’d stuck by her so patiently. Carlos was the first decent guy who’d ever shown genuine interest in her. A lot of emotion for him welled up inside her even as she felt her fears for Eddie.
Then Camilla heard the shower running. She took a whiff of her own armpit. Displeased with her smell, she decided it was necessary for her to shower right now. Just happened to be a coincidence that the shower was currently occupied by Carlos.
She ran down the hall, tearing off her dress on the way. She stepped on the bathroom’s tile floor, unhooked her bra and slid down her panties, then hopped in the shower with a surprised Carlos.
But Camilla was even more surprised when she felt that it really was a cold shower he was taking. She bumped past him to quickly turn on the hot. After a few long seconds, the water warmed and she adjusted it to the steamy way she liked.
They both were getting goosebumps from being naked together with the hot water lapping luxuriously upon them. Soon it was necessary to soap up, of course, and it just made sense that they should take care of that for each other. So their hands got busy rubbing the soap all over each other, over and over, just to make sure they got really clean. Soon it didn’t matter to have the soap in their hands anymore, but the rubbing continued and Carlos’ woody throbbed strongly. Camilla firmly churned her hand up and down it while Carlos skimmed Camilla’s skin down her spine and squeezed her warm spongy buns.
Their mouths met in carnivorous kisses as Carlos’ caresses moved to her muff and he bent to let his tongue twirl tangoes on her mangoes.
Another few minutes of mutual massage and together they reached that unattainable goal – the simultaneous orgasm.
And it was just that moment, with fluids flowing and pleasure pulses pounding in their brains, that Camilla and Carlos, along with everyone else on Earth, were stopped in place and held totally still by the telekinetic power of the Lumans.
Chapter 35


As a halo of golden, lustrous light enveloped the world, all motion of machines, even planes and trains and all living things stopped as if sculpted in place. Just as had happened a week before, whatever each person or creature was doing, they were now held in the warmth and comfort of the light in suspended animation, but fully conscious and able to know where they were and what was happening.
Then a voice was heard in the minds of every human in the world. “Hello again, people of Earth. I am President Raven Wandering of the planet Lumaria. You’ll recall that I spoke to you one week ago about the offer we Lumans are making to the people of Earth.
“We will guide you to ways of peace and equality, and we’ll show you how to conserve nature. Under our plan, all guns and bombs would be banned. There will be democracy in all countries. Everyone will have food and health care. The changes might be difficult at first because many families will have to move to new places and start new jobs, but living conditions will be much better and wages will be fairer.
“Please be assured that we can remove the guns from Earth with the same powers we’re using to suspend your movements now. But to do that, we must receive your permission thru the vote. If an insufficient number of you approve our plan, we will leave Earth to its own devices and return to our own planet. If two-thirds of Earth’s people approve our plan, then we’ll stay and begin the changes immediately.
“Some people have questioned our motives and suggested that we’re here to take over the Earth. But if that was our intention, we could have just disarmed and overpowered you. When have conquerors ever allowed a vote of approval?
“There are aliens called Ranks amongst you who seek to colonize your world, and you will be vulnerable to them if you reject our offer. But regardless of the Ranks, Earth’s ways of war will just result in more war. We’re here with hope that Earth can evolve to a just and peaceful planet.
“Now to the vote. For ten seconds, we will open the channels from your minds to our computers. Every person in the world may vote just by thinking either yes or no. No one can interfere with anyone else’s vote and no one is required to vote. In expressing your vote, thinking yes means you approve the Lumans’ plan, thinking no means you reject the Lumans’ plan. That’s all it takes to vote. For the next ten seconds you will have the chance to vote, starting now.”
There was a deep, heavy stillness all over the world as billions of human beings silently thought their will about the Earth’s future.
Then the vote was over. A few moments went by as people of the world waited while the Lumans’ computers tabulated totals.

At the Midlins’ house, Donna, Kristy and Hairly were still snuggled in Kristy’s bed. All three voted yes. Fairly, by himself on the couch, voted no.
LaVon, Carolina and Shazelle were all bent over the sewing machine at Carolina’s house and they all voted yes. At the basketball game, Fred, Big Mo, Todd and four others said yes while Jet and two more voted no.
Mal Douod, the temp worker on the window washing crew, said no.
Camilla and Carlos in the shower voted yes. Mama Juanita and Rosalita, at the hospital, also voted yes. Eduardo was too deep in his coma to gather a conscious thought.

As the world’s people waited in their state of stillness, President Wandering spoke again.
“The results of the vote are as follows:
"Those voting to approve the Lumans’ plan: 72%
"Those voting to reject the Lumans’ plan: 25%
"Those abstaining from the vote: 3%
“The Lumans’ plan is approved. We congratulate Earth people for choosing peace. Luman guides will now be assigned to every city on Earth to begin the transformation. We’ll now release our hold on you. Thank you for trusting us and believing in a better world for yourselves.”

“Daddy, Daddy, I voted yes!” cried little Hairly as he ran into the living room and jumped on Fairly who was still sitting on the couch.
“You did!” said Fairly. “Well, it sounds like the yes voters won the vote, huh?”
“Yeah, we won” said Hairly, nodding his head way up and down.
“We voted yes, too,” said Kristy. She and Donna slowly came over to sit beside the guys.
“Well, that’s fine,” said Fairly, not letting on about his no vote. Soon they were all talking and cuddling on the couch.
At Carolina Parker’s house, as soon as the light faded and their movement was restored, LaVon, Shazelle and Carolina let out some whoops and hollers and danced around the kitchen with glee.
“We won, baby, we won,” shouted Carolina as she hugged her daughter and granddaughter.
Over at the gym, Fred offered his hand to Jet. “It’ll be alright. Give it a chance, you’ll see,” said Fred.
“Guess I don’t have much choice, do I?” Jet replied.
“Hey, I love you, man,” Fred declared, putting his arm around his buddy’s shoulder.
“Oh, man, I want a re-count,” he said wriggling loose with a laugh. “Is it too late to move to Mars?”
Carlos and Camilla tenderly dried each other off and kissed deeply to celebrate the victory.
“To a new world and a new relationship!” said Camilla, lifting the bathroom water glass to both their lips.
“To you and the Lumans!” toasted Carlos.
At the hospital, Rosalita ran from the waiting room into the intensive care unit and leaped into her mother’s arms.
Juanita was crying. “The priest said we should vote no but
I voted yes, anyway.”
“It’s okay, Mama,” said Rosie. “We’ll have a better world.”
“How can it be a better world when my baby is lying there in a coma?” Mama asked as she bent over to kiss her unconscious son.
That’s when Eddie opened his eyes and weakly whispered, “Hey Mama, wassup?”


THE END





About the Author


Frank Lingo, originally from Washington, D.C., has been politically active since his teens. He was a volunteer for Sen. Gene McCarthy’s 1968 presidential campaign.
He attended the Woodstock Music Festival, then went to Webster College in St. Louis. Later, he moved to Kansas, where he started businesses in carpet cleaning and newspaper distribution. Frank has been writing professionally for newspapers on and off since the mid-198O’s. He has been a columnist, writing on environment and social justice issues for The Kansas City Star and other newspapers.
Lingo is married with two grown children and three grandchildren.
