
Edgehill

Thomas Rouxville

~~~
Smashwords Edition


Copyright © 2017 Thomas Rouxville

First published in 2017 by Jonmac Limited.

All rights reserved.

This book is a work of fiction. All names, characters and places, incidents are used entirely fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or otherwise, without written permission from the publisher.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Table of Contents


Free Map of Galbar
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Rise of the Shadow – Chapter 1
About The Author
Fantastic Fiction

Free Map of Galbar

Get your free map of the Kingdom of Galbar (the setting for all my books) by clicking here

Chapter 1

“Where are we going?” the little girl asked, tugging on the man's sleeve. Her emerald eyes pooled with tears, fright evident on her face. “What about Mummy and Daddy?”
“We are going to your grandparents,” the man answered, holding her hand tighter. “You're going to live with them now, Athena.”
“But why?” Athena asked. She looked over her shoulder at her house, wanting to go back, but it kept getting farther and farther away, soon becoming a tiny speck in the distance. She tried to wriggle out of the man's grip, but he scooped her up into his arms and gave her a stern look.
“Your grandparents are going to be excited to see you,” he said. With that, there was no more talk.
Athena cried silently, wondering what was happening. She tried to wrestle out of the man's arms again but eventually gave up, defeated and tired. Finally, she fell asleep as she was carried across the dark village, the man's lantern flickering until it went black.
The man knocked on a door, practically pounding it. He gently set Athena's sleeping body on the ground, making sure her cloak was snuggly wrapped around her.
“Who's there?” a voice called from within the building. “At this time of night!”
The man knocked again. “I'm a traveler, and I've brought your granddaughter,” he said, trying not to disturb the child. “I've also brought news.”
“What kind of news?”
“Grave news, I'm afraid,” the traveler said. “Please open the door, this poor girl needs you.”
A face peered out as the door was slowly opened. A stern-looking woman stared at the traveler and then at her granddaughter. “What are you doing with my grandchild? Where are her parents?”
“Her parents are dead, Miss,” the traveler said, immediately dropping his gaze to the ground. “What?” The woman clutched her chest. “I-I don't understand...” She trailed off, eyes widening in shock. “Jermyn,” she called. “Come here!”
“Yes dear?” an older man said, appearing in the doorway and placing an arm around his wife. He smiled, not noticing the traveler or Athena.
“Our daughter is dead,” the woman said, voice wavering. She broke down into a sob as her husband's smile evaporated.
“I best be going,” the traveler whispered. “I am truly sorry for your loss.”
Jermyn hugged his wife, holding her as she cried. “It's going to be all right, Laguna,” he breathed, but he was crying too. He hardly noticed as the traveler disappeared in the moonlight, leaving the sleeping girl behind.
“Look at her,” Jermyn said, as Athena began to stir. “She's only four years old, and an orphan.” “She's never going to know her parents,” Laguna said, wiping away tears.
“It's a cruel world we live in.” Jermyn scooped up his grandchild, kissing her forehead. He brushed a lock of light brown hair out of her eyes. “It's good to see you, my Athena.”
Athena looked around, scared and confused. I want my parents, she thought.
Laguna sighed, holding the door open. “We can talk to her in the morning. Let's get her to bed.” That night, Athena slept restlessly, waking up every few minutes in a cold sweat, her heart pounding and terror flooding her entire body. She couldn't understand what was happening, having never experienced a nightmare before. She couldn't even remember what the nightmares were about, waking up just feeling lost and alone. Athena ached for her parents, wanting them to come and save her from the nightmares, but every time she called, they didn't show up.
The next morning, Athena awoke to bright sunlight filling the room. Laguna pulled back the curtains and clapped her hands together. “We've work to do!”
Athena yawned, groggily looking up at her grandmother's grey hair and cold blue gaze. Athena's mother had the same eyes, but hers always looked much friendlier. Laguna was intimidating, making Athena want to sink and hide underneath her blankets.
“As a member of this family, you will help out in the kitchen,” Laguna said, yanking a blanket off of Athena. “Your grandfather and I can't run this bakery by ourselves.”
Athena rubbed at her tired eyes, taking in her new environment. This was her mother's room when she was a little girl. Athena had visited several times, but she had never slept here before. She wanted her own room back. She wanted to see her parents. She wanted to go home.
Laguna sighed. “I've got to tell you something, Athena. It may be hard to understand, but your parents are gone.”
Gone? Athena stared at her grandmother, waiting for her to say more.
At that moment Jermyn strode into the room, flour already spotting his apron and hands. He knelt on the floor, across from Athena, and gripped her tiny hands. “They passed away,” he said softly.
I don't understand. Athena looked at her grandparents with confusion.
“A disaster,” Laguna said, coming closer to the girl. “Their lives were claimed in a disaster.” Athena couldn't even pronounce disaster, much less understand what it meant. I don't understand, she thought again, but she could see something was wrong. Her grandparents were both teary-eyed, and sorrow was etched on their faces.
“Oh child,” Jermyn said, touching Athena's face, “Your parents are in heaven.”
Athena did not understand death. She wondered why so many people went to heaven and why they would go there and never come back. It must have been a wonderful place if they wanted to stay there, but why would her parents go without her? Can I go to heaven? A feeling of hope crept up to her.
“Someday you can go to heaven to see them,” Jermyn said. “But not anytime soon!” He smiled, and stood up, grimacing momentarily for his knees were old and weak. “Now, let's go into the bakery, and you can help your grandmother.”
When Athena entered the bakery wearing her own mini apron and hat, she grabbed a pile of dough, squishing and rolling it between her fingers.
Laguna slapped her hand. “Unsanitary,” she snapped. “Do you know what unsanitary means, Athena?”
Athena shook her head.
“It means unclean. You have got to clean your hands before handling the dough.”
Laguna led Athena to a bucket of hot water, demonstrating how to wash hands. Athena's face contorted in confusion. She quickly tuned her grandmother out, already bored of working in the bakery. Her gaze darted towards her grandfather, who was kneading and rolling dough into fancy little shapes.
A layer of flour coated his clothing and dusted his hair, making his salt and pepper hair look completely white. He was humming as he worked, though there was a sadness in his blue eyes that Athena still didn't understand.
“Athena!” Laguna yelled.
The little girl looked at her grandmother innocently. “Have you paid any attention to me?”
Athena shook her head again.
Jermyn laughed loudly. “Let her go and play, Laguna! She's young. Little children don't deserve to be cooped up in stuffy old bakeries all day.”
Laguna crossed her arms. “She hasn't even done anything yet, Jermyn.” “She can start tomorrow,” Jermyn said, his cheery tone slightly changed. Laguna nodded. “Fine then, be back in time for dinner Athena.”
Athena smiled gratefully and gave her grandfather a hug, sliding quickly past her. Truthfully, her grandmother was a bit scary.
It was a sunny, beautiful day, but Athena couldn't relax. Her heart ached greatly. She wanted her parents to come back from heaven. It couldn't be better than here. It couldn't be better than being with Athena. She plopped onto the grass and began to cry, ignoring concerned villagers and alarmed passers-by. The bakery cat sidled up next to her, brushing against her legs. It purred as if trying to make Athena happy, as if to say, “Stop crying.” But Athena could not stop crying. Her parents were not going to come back from heaven. They were gone, and she didn't even know why. She wanted to understand, but she couldn't ask her grandparents. She couldn't even bring herself to say any words at all.
The cat curled into a ball on Athena's lap, falling into a deep slumber within seconds. Athena petted it slowly, careful not to wake it. She sat in the yard for hours, just petting the cat and thinking.
As hours turned into days, and days to weeks, Athena began to adapt to her new home. She helped Laguna clean the kitchen and hand food to customers. She even got to handle the dough a few times, though her creations were always given away for free because Jermyn didn't think they were quite good enough, at least not yet.
“Just practice,” Jermyn would say. “Someday you can run this bakery. You can be the son I never had, or rather, the daughter I never had.” He laughed, ignoring his wife's annoyed look.
Laguna scoffed. “She doesn't even talk, Jermyn.”
“She will,” Jermyn said. “A little more time is all it takes.”
But a little more time turned into an entire year. Athena spent every night crying out in her sleep. She was plagued with nightmares, though whenever the morning came, she couldn't remember exactly what they consisted of. She would awake breathless, gasping for air. There was always a feeling of emptiness, a feeling of loneliness. Athena was worried, but she didn't know why. And yet, she couldn't voice her fear.
“You were talking in your sleep,” Jermyn said one morning at breakfast. “What's wrong, my dear child?”
Athena shook her head. She wanted to know what was wrong. “Are you feeling ill?”
Athena stood up from the table, going outside to play with the cat. She could hear her grandparents speaking to each other inside, the walls not thick enough to block their gossip.
“She always speaks in her sleep,” Laguna said. “I can't understand everything she says; it's mostly mumbling and babble, but she always sounds so scared.”
“Is that worry I hear in your tone?” Jermyn asked.
“Don't joke! I am worried, Jermyn. She doesn't speak to us! She doesn't speak to anyone. It's been a year already. What if she never speaks?”
“It's going to be okay, Laguna. Athena's been through a lot, and she is still so young. She is going to be just fine.”
Athena stopped listening, looking at her cat, a black ball of fur purring loudly. Have I been through a lot? Athena could hardly remember the night she got to her grandparents’ home. She remembered being scared, but that was it. She still wondered about her parents from time to time, hoping that maybe this was all a dream. Maybe she was asleep at home, and this was one big nightmare. She'd wake up, and her parents would be next to her, comforting her. Yet Athena knew that her reality consisted of a bakery, a cat, and her grandparents. She would make the most of this reality. She would learn to love it.
Gently setting the cat on the ground and brushing the dirt off of her dress, Athena took a deep breath and walked towards the bakery, getting ready to speak. She cleared her throat, finding it hard to even make a sound. For a second, Athena was afraid that her voice no longer worked.
“Wanting to help out today?” Laguna said, peering down at Athena. “Yes,” Athena replied.
Laguna's eyes widened in shock. “Do my ears deceive me?” “No,” Athena said.
“Jermyn! The girl's just spoken!”
Jermyn emerged from the kitchen, goopy dough dripping over his fingers. “My girl?” “Your girl!”
Athena smiled. “I'm done being quiet,” she said.
Her grandfather scooped her up, spinning her around. “My dear Athena has a wonderful voice!”
 Athena laughed for the first time in a year.

Chapter 2

Jermyn and Athena danced around the kitchen, laughing and smiling. Even Laguna couldn't help but smile a bit, proud of her granddaughter for finally speaking.
Jermyn patted Athena's head, dusting it with white flour. “Would you like to help me bake some bread?” he asked.
“Yes, Grandfather!” Athena exclaimed. “My, my, you're excited aren't you?”
“It's my favorite,” Athena said, already smooshing a piece of dough. “Are your hands clean?”
“I thought only Grandmother made me clean my hands!” Athena pouted, glancing at her grandmother who was standing in the corner of the room, arms crossed, lips pursed.
“We don't want customers getting sick, right Athena?” Jermyn asked. “I suppose not,” Athena murmured.
“Go wash your hands and then I'll teach you something fancy.”
As the days passed, Athena learned her grandfather's trade, improving rapidly. She was determined to adapt to this new life. Determined to leave her parents in the past.
Athena also learned more about death, seeing the occasional funeral procession pass by the road. She began to realize that heaven was not a place people visited because they necessarily wanted to. It was a place that everybody had to travel to once their lives had ended.
“Heaven is where you go to rest from this restless life,” Jermyn had once said. “Doesn't anyone finish resting?” Athena asked.
“No, my dear child. They rest forever, for all eternity.”
Athena couldn't imagine resting for an eternity. She could hardly stand still for more than a few moments. When she wasn't helping at the bakery, she was playing outside, and when she wasn't playing, she was trying to sleep. Or rather, trying to avoid sleep.
Athena didn't look forward to nights. She would stare up at the ceiling, listening to the wind and the crickets. Sometimes she would hear her grandparents snore and she'd giggle, only to have her grandmother come and scold her. Athena didn't want to sleep, because with sleep came the nightmares.
Every night without fail, the nightmares would consume her. She woke up sobbing, or even worse, screaming. In the morning, Athena had to drag herself to the table for breakfast, dark circles under her eyes, darkening every day.
“Poor girl,” Jermyn said after Athena went outside to play, hardly taking a bite of anything. “She barely sleeps.”
“She's not a very efficient worker, being tired so much of the time,” Laguna scoffed, picking up her husband's plate to rinse off.
“It’s not her health you care about, but whether she's a good enough worker?” Jermyn frowned. “My goodness, Laguna, be softer. She's just a little child. A suffering little child.”
“Everyone has nightmares,” Laguna countered. “Maybe Athena's are worse than others, and I understand that she's scared, but her nightmares will pass with time.”
Jermyn was not so sure. He looked out the window, watching as Athena tried to chase the cat around the yard. As happy as his grandchild had become, there was a deep sadness within her that no one could understand.
As Athena lay down in her bed for what seemed like the millionth night, she took a deep breath, wishing the nightmares would stay away at least once. Was it too much to ask for a good night's sleep? Couldn't she rest like the people in heaven?
“Athena?” Jermyn whispered, cracking open the door. He held a lit candle, a small flame dancing in the darkness.
“What is it, Grandfather?”
“Would you like to tell me about your nightmares?” Jermyn sat on the edge of the bed, placing the candle on the nightstand.
Athena watched the flame flicker, ignoring her grandfather's question. “Please?” Jermyn asked.
“I can't,” Athena said, still staring at the candle. “Why not, my dear?”
Because they're terrifying. Athena couldn't remember the content of her dreams, but she knew all too well the feelings of dread and terror that they brought. She just wanted them to disappear. As much as she was trying to love her new life, the nightmares held her back. They kept her trapped within her own mind.
Tears began to flow down Athena's face. She hated crying. She wished that her eyes would dry up so that she'd never cry again. As her grandfather hugged her, she cried even more.
“You're in pain,” Jermyn whispered, trying to calm the sad child. “But I don't hurt,” Athena said, wiping her face.
“Not physical pain, but mental pain. The worst kind.” “Will it go away?” Athena asked.
“We can only hope,” Jermyn answered.
“I don't want to face the nightmares again.”
“I know child, I know.” Jermyn squeezed Athena's hand. “Shall I leave this candle here? Maybe it will help.”
Athena nodded, sniffling. “Can you stay here with me, Grandfather?” Jermyn smiled warmly. “Of course.”
A feeling of peace washed over Athena, but it didn't last. As she drifted to sleep, dread filled her heart. Her nightmares took over. Neither the candle nor her grandfather could save her from the nightmares.
The next morning, Jermyn kissed his granddaughter's forehead and went downstairs with the burned-out candle. Laguna was already seated at the table, sorting through the month's supplies. She was haggard, exhausted, and not because of her hard work.
“I heard her crying all last night,” Laguna said.
Jermyn nodded. “I'm going to let her stay in bed today. She needs rest, desperately.” “And she won't talk about the nightmares?”
“No. When I asked, she just cried. I am so worried about her, Laguna.” Laguna sighed. “I suppose I am too.”
Athena looked around, wide awake, realizing her grandfather was gone. Sunlight flooded the room, making her want to shrink underneath the blankets. She waited for her grandmother's inevitable footsteps bounding up the stairs. The woman would run in at any second to yell at Athena. “Wake up, wake up, you've work to do!”
But the footsteps did not come. Athena was left alone in utter silence. She lay back, smiling serenely. For the moment, there was tranquility. No nightmares. No chores. Just a warm, soft bed. Yet Athena knew it was only fleeting, because the nightmares would try to eat her again. Eventually, they'd devour her.
When her grandfather appeared in the doorway, she waved. He was in his usual baker's uniform, covered head to toe in flour and dough. The faint smell of bread and sugar wafted from downstairs, causing Athena's stomach to grumble.
“How are you, my child?” Jermyn asked. “Tired.”
“Well, I'm going to bring you breakfast.” “Won't Grandmother get mad?”
Jermyn winked. “Grandmother doesn't have to know.”
A few minutes later, Jermyn entered the room with a plate full of cornbread and pancakes. “Eat up. Take your mind off the nightmares.”
Athena thanked her grandfather through a mouthful of food.
“Rest well,” Jermyn said, “If you need anything, I'll be in the kitchen.”
Athena nodded, practically tearing into a pancake. She hadn't had much of an appetite for weeks, always too preoccupied with the nightmares, but she also knew how worried her grandparents were.
She was withering away right in front of them, and they couldn't do anything to help. She had to get better.
Go away nightmares, Athena thought over and over again. Just go away. Leave me alone. She stared at the ceiling for a while before deciding it'd be best to get up. Her grandparents needed help. They were aging and slowing down, with work becoming harder for them. No matter how tired Athena was, she had to contribute.
After changing her clothing, Athena went downstairs with her now-empty plate.
“Ah, you ate it all!” Jermyn praised her. “You worked up quite an appetite, excellent!”
“I'm trying to be stronger,” Athena said, attempting to stand as tall and straight as she could. “I'm not going to let the nightmares get in my way.”
Jermyn patted her on the back. “You're the strongest person I know,” he said.
The day wore on and Athena stifled her yawns, trying to do as much work as she could, trying to distract herself from the impending night. She even did everything her grandmother asked her to, without so much as a complaint.
“Perhaps you're an efficient worker after all,” Laguna said.
Athena tried to smile, but as she watched the sun set and the moon rise, fear began to take hold. “May I stay up tonight, Grandmother?”
Laguna shook her head. “Of course not. Early to bed, early to rise. I let you sleep in today, but don't think it'll be a common occurrence.”
I don't want to sleep, Athena thought. She turned away from her grandmother and hobbled up the stairs as slowly as possible. Perhaps if she preoccupied herself with work, if she immersed herself in it, she'd become so tired that she would fall into a deep, peaceful sleep, with happy dreams instead of nightmares.
As Athena settled into her bed, hoping for at least one good night, she began to think of her parents. Her grandfather's eyes reminded her of her mother. They reminded her of how much she missed her mother. “Why did my parents’ lives end?” Athena asked suddenly, as her grandfather tucked her in.
Jermyn didn't look directly at her. “They perished in a flood far away from here, in a different part of the kingdom, a place you've never been.”
“Mummy had your eyes,” Athena said. “She was nice, just like you.” Jermyn smiled. “She was very nice. Your father was too.”
“I miss them.”
“I miss them too.”
“I hope they like heaven.”
Jermyn stood up. “I'm sure they love it, my child. And they love you.”
Athena closed her eyes. “I'm going to think of them. Maybe Mummy can protect me from the nightmares.”
With faint memories of a life that seemed so long ago, Athena drifted to sleep. She saw her mother's eyes and her father's smile. They walked hand in hand on a shaded path under autumn trees as Athena skipped far ahead of them. “Don't go too far!” her mother called.
The path vanished, then the trees, and finally Athena's parents. Her mother's words echoed, and the Athena in the memory began to cry, darkness enveloping her.
Athena jolted awake. Not even her parents could protect her from the nightmares. She had to face them alone. She had to survive through them. But I am getting so tired.
Moonlight illuminated the bedroom, making shadows across the walls. Athena dove underneath her covers, shivering. She just wanted this night to end.
As the hours ticked by, Athena wouldn't allow herself to fall asleep. She fidgeted under the sheets, keeping herself occupied by thinking. She kept thinking of her parents, trying to remember all of the happy memories. She thought of the bakery and the sweets that she'd someday be perfect at baking. She thought of everything that could distract her from the eventual terror. The inevitable terror.
Staying awake was impossible; Athena succumbed to her exhaustion, sinking into her pit of nightmares.
Chapter 3

The next day, Athena rolled out of bed, her hair messy and eyes red from crying and lack of sleep. She dragged herself to the kitchen, head throbbing. Her brain was telling her she needed rest, real rest. But Athena didn't know how to rest. The nightmares controlled her.
She didn't speak as she took a few bites of toast. Laguna and Jermyn glanced at her worriedly, but they were silent as well. Athena pushed her plate away and went outside, still wearing a nightgown, hair still unkempt, and face unwashed.
“Well, don't you look miserable,” a voice said. Athena looked up, her cat jumping out of her arms. “Woke up on the wrong side of the bed I see.” Athena frowned. “Who are you?”
“The name's Tobin.” The boy called Tobin reached his hand out towards Athena. She shrunk backward.
Tobin smiled crookedly, and his blue eyes glinted mischievously, but he somehow managed to look warm and inviting. His hand dangled in front of Athena, but she didn't take it, deciding to study him for a moment instead. He finally took his hand back, awkwardly reaching up to smooth his sandy blond hair.
“I'm Athena,” she said, standing up. “So what's wrong, Athena?”
“Nothing at all,” she answered.
“I don't mean to be rude, but you look very... messy.” “That's absolutely rude!” Athena said, but she was smiling. “May I shake your hand?”
Athena held her hand out, and Tobin took it.
“Tobin!” a woman called, walking out of the bakery. “It's time to go home!”
Tobin shrugged. “I live just outside of Edgehill, on a farm. Maybe I'll see you at school after the harvest!”
“Maybe,” Athena said.
Tobin laughed. “I know you're dying to see me again.” “Maybe,” Athena's lips curled into a sly smile. “Bye, Tobin.” “Farewell, Athena.”
Athena ran into the bakery. “I've made a friend,” she proclaimed to her grandparents.
“Ah, Tobin is a good boy. His parents give us vegetables in exchange for bread,” Jermyn said. “They're hard workers,” Laguna added. “Maybe Tobin can teach you a thing or two.”
For a while, Athena was able to put the nightmares at the back of her mind. Her first school year began, a brand-new distraction. The local school was filled with children of all ages, from the town of Edgehill and the surrounding villages and farms. Athena had seen children running around the streets before, but never had she seen all of them sitting together in one room.
Athena looked for Tobin every day, counting down the time until the harvest was over. When he finally showed up, a smudge of dirt across his face, Athena grinned. She ran up to her new friend, shaking his hand excitedly.
Tobin was blushing. “Hello Athena,” he said nervously. His hair was unruly, and his clothing was old and worn, but his eyes still glinted. “You look like a girl today,” he said.
“Did I not look like a girl before?” Athena was wearing one of her nicer dresses, one that wasn't full of cat hair. Her hair was tied up into a bun, not one strand hanging over her face. Laguna insisted that ladies did not go around with their hair practically in their eyes, though Athena argued that when her hair was up, her ears got cold.
“You looked like a girl before. But today, you look extra girlish.”
“Like a lady?” Athena curtsied, laughing. Tobin bowed. “No. Ladies are boring.” 
“So who should I look like?”
“You should look like Athena, because that's who you are,” Tobin answered. “And you should wipe the dirt off your face,” Athena said.
Tobin and Athena quickly grew close, becoming best friends. Every day, Tobin waited for Athena at the bakery early in the morning to walk with her to school. They were inseparable, always playing together, running around, even venturing out into the forest.
Eventually, they began to spend almost all of their free time in the forest, amongst the trees and meadows of flowers. The forest was the most peaceful place in Edgehill, and to Athena, who had never been away from Edgehill, it was the most wonderful place in the kingdom of Galbar. It was the one place where she could be herself, free from the expectations of her grandmother, free from household chores and schoolwork, and best of all, free from the nightmares.
“Can I tell you something?” Athena asked Tobin one day, sitting deep in the forest. She had known Tobin for years but had never confided in him. He knew something plagued her, but he didn't ask about it, not since the first day they had met.
Now Tobin sat across from her in their favorite spot, a little clearing where a patch of sunlight illuminated the grass. Tobin fiddled with a leaf, trying to get it to sail on non-existent wind. He was a year older than Athena, fourteen now, and had to spend more and more time helping his family on the farm. He was often just as tired as Athena, though it was from hard labor instead of endless nightmares.
“Tell me what?” he asked, concentrating on his leaf. He was tanned from long days out in the fields, and his hair was so bleached it looked like snow.
Athena sighed. “I've been having nightmares.” Tobin looked at her.
“For as long as I can remember.” “That explains it,” Tobin said. “Explains what?”
Tobin laughed. “You're always yawning. Always tired. I've always known something was wrong, but I figured you would tell me when you wanted.”
“It used to be worse,” Athena said. “When we first met, I was hardly sleeping at all. I've learned to cope, but they still won't go away.”
“What are the nightmares about?”
“The most irritating part is that I can't remember.” Athena swatted at a fly that was buzzing incessantly by her ear.
“But you have them every night?” “Every night.”
Tobin looked at her concernedly, just like her grandparents always did. “Don't pity me,” Athena said.
“I don't pity you,” Tobin said, genuinely. “I emphasize with you.” “You don't even know what that word means,” Athena laughed.
“Hey, just because I'm not always at school doesn't mean I'm not studying.” Tobin nudged Athena's arm. “I'm sorry that you have to suffer, Athena.” “I'm not suffering,” Athena said, “I'm strong.” Tobin smiled, “The strongest person I know.”
Athena remembered when her grandfather had said those words so long ago. She tried to be strong, but most often she felt weak. Just because she was learning how to handle the nightmares didn't mean she was feeling any better. She wanted to know why her nightmares made her feel miserable. Why did they completely drain her? What could she possibly be dreaming about?
“I'm strong enough to beat you to the bakery,” Athena said to Tobin, already standing up.
They raced to the bakery, neither mentioning the nightmares again. Athena barely managed to beat Tobin, gasping for breath; her skirt was torn, and her hair had managed to untie itself. “Grandmother's going to be mad,” she breathed.
“When is she not?” Yet Tobin seemed to be trying to make himself look more presentable, tucking in his shirt and putting a cap on to hide his sweaty head. He held open the door, waiting for Athena to go in first. She shook her head.
Tobin sighed, finally marching into the bakery, breaking into a fake smile at the sight of Laguna, who was already seething.
“Look at you, how filthy the two of you are!”
Athena hid behind Tobin, who unfortunately hadn't hit his growth spurt yet. “Sorry Ma'am,” Tobin mumbled.
“Athena, how many times do I have to tell you, ladies do not run around the forest! You disappoint me over and over again!”
Where was Jermyn? He'd surely come to rescue Athena like he did nearly every day. He was understanding and kind. He treated Athena like a human being while her grandmother treated her like she was worthless. At least, that's the way Athena saw it. No matter how many times Laguna said, “I love you,” Athena wouldn't believe it.
Sure enough, just as Athena expected, her grandfather burst from the kitchen, a fresh loaf of bread in his arms. “Tobin, good to see you! Would you mind helping me lift some sacks of flour? I'm getting too old, I'm afraid.”
Laguna rolled her eyes. “Athena, go wash up, change your clothes, and take this to Tobin's family later.” She pointed at a fresh loaf of bread sitting on the counter. Athena nodded, winked at her grandfather, waved at Tobin, and started to bound up the stairs.
“Walk,” Laguna yelled, “don't run!”
Athena sighed and walked as lady-like as she was possibly capable of up the stairs. She could hear Tobin laughing behind her.
Time went on and Athena continued to grow older. She began to wear her hair down, letting it fall just below her shoulders. She wore plain dresses, ones that were easy to run around in without overly upsetting Laguna.
Athena's life was simple and mostly pleasant. Her parents were distant memories; all she remembered were flashes of smiles and laughter. Occasionally she still wondered about them, wanting to know about their deaths, but when she thought about it too much she realized that it hurt. Her parents had died a painful death, and it was better not to imagine it. It was better that she only thought of good memories.
Besides, Athena was happy with her grandparents, and Tobin's parents. They were all family to her, all important, and all alive. She didn't get along with Laguna, but she at least respected the woman for taking her in.
The only negative aspect of Athena's life was her nightmares, but even they had faded into the background. By the age of sixteen, Athena was able to get through an entire night without crying.
She was happy, and there was nothing more she could ask for. Everything was okay.
“Hey, Athena!” Tobin was outside, waving his arms. He had finally hit his growth spurt and was over half a foot taller than Athena.
“The sun's not even up!” Athena whispered, looking out her window.
“I haven't seen you in weeks,” Tobin said. “Let's go into the woods before I have to work.” Athena smirked. “Would my grandmother approve?”
“Definitely not,” Tobin answered.
Athena grabbed her shawl and tiptoed down the stairs, sneaking past her grandparents’ room. They were both sound asleep. The bakery wouldn't open for at least three more hours.
When Athena successfully closed the bakery door behind her, she hugged her friend. Tobin was seventeen years old, nearly an adult. Already, he was terribly busy. Weeks would go by without Athena even hearing from him. He worked from dawn to dusk, during harvest and planting seasons. The rest of the year, he tried to find time for school, but his family demanded much of him. Tobin had missed entire years of school, but he was no less intelligent than anyone else. Athena sometimes read with him in the forest, and if he ever needed help understanding something, she was there for him. He was her best friend, and she would never let him down.
“I've missed you,” Tobin said, slowly pulling away. “How's work?” Athena asked.
“It's been hard, tougher than usual.” Tobin took Athena's hand, walking with her towards the forest. “Some of the hired hands on the farm have left. They've been summoned to the castle town, leaving me and my brothers to do most of the work.”
“Summoned for what?”
Tobin shook his head. “I've no idea. I hear rumors every once and while from travelers, about shadows spreading over the kingdom or something like that, but nothing is certain.”
Athena looked at the sun coming over the horizon. The sky was orange and red, making her think of fire. “Do you think something is happening, Tobin? Something bad?”
“I don't know Athena, but it's better not to think about it. We're both busy enough as it is.” “Right,” Athena said, but she began to wonder. She saw no shadows, no darkness, only a vibrant sky, but she certainly felt darkness, every single night.

Chapter 4

“Happy birthday!” Jermyn hugged his granddaughter, bringing her a plate topped with a gigantic cake.
Athena was eighteen years old. An adult. She was excited yet terrified. Most women were married by the time they were twenty-two. By thirty, they often had several children. Athena was not against a life of raising children, but it didn't seem to suit her. She couldn't picture herself as a mother. She could hardly picture herself as a wife. Athena craved adventure. Housewives didn't do very much adventuring.
“Thank you, Grandfather,” Athena said, kissing Jermyn's cheek. “And thank you, Grandmother.” Laguna nodded.
“What are your plans?” Laguna asked before Jermyn was even finished cutting the cake.
“Plans for what?” Athena questioned, though she knew exactly what her grandmother wanted to hear.
Laguna rolled her eyes, as she often did. “Plans for your future, Athena!” “I want to live happily, just like I am right now.”
Jermyn smiled. “I like that plan.”
“What about marriage? Work? How do you plan to support your husband?”
“Don't you mean, how will my husband and I support each other?” Athena dipped her finger in the frosting and licked it.
“You're an adult. It's time you stop mocking me,” Laguna said.
“I'm not mocking you, Grandmother. You and I have different views, that is all.”
“Laguna,” Jermyn said, putting a hand on his wife's shoulder, “It is precisely because she is an adult that we should respect her opinions.”
“No, Jermyn, you're always on her side. She's defied me since she was a little girl. I raised her to be a lady, like her mother-”
“I'm not my mother,” Athena said. “Grandmother, I'm sorry, I don't mean to mock you. I know you mean well, and I know you want the best for me.”
“Why do you never listen?” Laguna asked. She showed no emotion in her expression, but her usually flat tone had faltered.
“I do listen, Grandmother.” Athena smiled. “I promise I'll listen even more. I'll do extra chores for you and help you around the house. How does that sound?”
Laguna shrugged. “It's a start.”
“Well then, shall we celebrate?” Jermyn queried, placing slices of cake in front of the two women.
“We shall,” Athena laughed. The small party ignored the bakery for the next few hours, focusing on Athena's most important birthday. It was nice, but Athena felt something was off - and it wasn't just her tense grandmother.
She remembered Tobin's rumors about shadows. It was over a year ago, but Athena had begun to notice differences. Almost every time she wandered around the town, there were fewer men. She had even begun to notice young boys leaving, all being summoned to the castle town. With so many of the strongest workers gone, more and more women were stepping out of their homes and into jobs, filling the empty posts. Perhaps Athena wouldn't end up as a housewife anytime soon, especially if the men were going to fight a war.
“You could marry Tobin,” Jermyn suggested, bringing Athena back to her party. “You spend a lot of time together. I'm sure he's grown quite fond of you.”
“He's my friend,” Athena replied.
“Laguna and I were matched by our parents,” Jermyn said. “I think she despised me in the beginning, but look at her now, look at all of the love in her eyes.”
Laguna was frowning, but for a second her lips twitched. “I tolerate you,” she said.
“True love,” Jermyn laughed. “What I'm saying, my dear Athena, is that Tobin is the best choice. You're comfortable together, and you can start a farm. You'd have financial security with him. And then I'd never have to worry about you living on the streets as a beggar.”
“I understand Grandfather, but give me time. I'm not ready for marriage, I don't even know if I'm ready for much of anything. I've spent my entire life in Edgehill, not knowing or caring about the rest of the world. I want adventure, I want to see the world.”
Jermyn glanced at Laguna, almost worriedly. Athena noticed but decided not to say anything. She hugged both of her grandparents and excused herself from the table. “Thank you for the cake, it was delicious.”
“Of course, my dear.”
Athena started to go upstairs, but stopped a few steps up, listening to her grandparent’s conversation below.
“She's just a regular girl,” Laguna said. “If she were anything more, something would have happened by now.”
“No, Laguna. There has been peace, but circumstances are changing. This kingdom is going to need Athena very soon.”
Athena could hear her grandmother getting up and coming towards the stairs. She quickly ran to her room, trying to process what had just been said. Her grandparents were hiding something. But what could Athena do about it? She knew that if she asked, they'd deny it. They never spoke of Athena behind her back unless they wanted to keep something from her.
The kingdom was changing, and not for the better. Athena slipped out of the bakery quietly, deciding to wander the town. She needed fresh air and a clear mind. She wanted to see Tobin, to talk about what was going on. Tobin was busier than ever now, hardly even having time to meet in the forest. Athena wondered how much time she had left with him. Any day, he could be dragged away like so many of the other men. What if he was gone already?
Edgehill was quiet, despite it being the middle of the day. Only a few people hobbled about, and most were beggars. There were no vendors selling vegetables and trinkets, no children playing, just an unsettling emptiness. Though there wasn't a shadow, there was a darkness creeping into Athena's heart, and she couldn't shake it.
By the time Athena got home, the sun was setting, and the evening beggars were beginning to mill about. Athena entered her home and slumped against the wall, feeling tired and worse than usual. What was happening in Edgehill? In the kingdom? And to Athena? She was scared, but she didn't know why.
“Athena?” Jermyn said, seeing her sitting on the floor. “Is everything all right?” “I need answers, Grandfather.”
“Answers to what?”
Athena shook her head. “There's something going on, and I want to understand what it is. You know something, Grandfather, I can tell.”
Jermyn sighed. “Athena, dear-”
“Men are being summoned, rumors are spreading about shadows taking over the land.” “Athena, I don't know anything.”
“Yes you do. I heard you and Grandmother talking earlier.” Athena closed her eyes. “You said the kingdom would need me soon. What did you mean?”
“Please Athena, stop worrying.”
“How can I stop worrying? What if Tobin is summoned, what if you are?”
Jermyn laughed, softly. “What would the king want to do with an old man like me?”
Athena tried to smile, but she couldn't. It was as if her nightmares were suddenly entering her waking hours. She was just as scared now as she was nearly every morning. She wanted to scream, and the worst part was not knowing why.
“There was a group of travelers in the bakery today,” Laguna said, emerging from the hallway. “They were getting supplies, said they were leaving Galbar.”
“Leaving the kingdom?” Athena asked. “Why?”
“They talked about a shadow spreading across all of Galbar, bringing an endless evil. One of them called this, 'The Kingdom of Shadows.'” 
Laguna rolled her eyes. “Silly rumors, that's all.”
“No,” Athena said. “I don't believe they're just rumors. Why are so many men being summoned if the shadow is only a rumor? Why would people flee the kingdom?”
“I didn't say they were fleeing,” Laguna said. “They're just stupid people falling for stupid rumors.”
“No,” Athena repeated, more forcefully. “Tell me what you know.”
Jermyn looked at Athena solemnly. “There is evil spreading, and it will reach Edgehill.” “When?”
“I do not know, Athena. But when it reaches us, I'm afraid things will never be the same again.” Athena stared at her grandfather. “There's going to be a war, isn't there? There's no other reason why people would be summoned.”
Her grandfather looked away. “I don't know,” he repeated.
“I have a part to play in all of this, don't I?” Athena asked. “Don't tell me you don't know.” “Yes,” Jermyn whispered. “You will be a part of it.”
“But you won't tell me what 'it' is?”
“We can't tell you, Athena,” Laguna said.
“You can't or you won't?” Athena stood up. “You've raised me like a daughter. You took me in when I was a little orphan girl. You've never explained how my parents died-”
“They died in a flood-”
“You didn't explain it,” Athena cut her grandmother off. “And now, you won't explain this shadow. Both of you know more than you're letting on.” Athena stood up. “I'm scared, and I don't want to be. I want to trust you, but it's awfully hard when you keep secrets.”
Jermyn looked at the ground. “I'm sorry, my dear Athena.”
Athena began to walk away. “Will everything be okay?” she asked, before disappearing into her room.
“Someday,” Jermyn answered. It was not a reassuring answer.

Chapter 5

That night, Athena thrashed violently in her sleep, nightmares stronger than usual. She woke up in the morning with a horrible headache, and of course no memory of the content of her terrors. She punched her pillow in frustration and anger, sick of the nightmares, sick of not understanding anything, and sick of not remembering.
She skipped breakfast, without even acknowledging her grandparents. She ignored the hurt look on her grandfather's face though she knew she'd eventually regret her attitude. He deserved it though, for keeping secrets. Jermyn was the guilty one, not Athena. She had every right to be angry, but she could see him standing out of the corner of her eye, bruised and saddened. No, Athena. You're the bruised one. Not him.
Athena slammed the front door behind her and began to run through the town, a crisp fall breeze flowing through the air. She let her hair blow in the wind, finally feeling free. When she got to the forest, she stopped running and took a deep breath. All of her built-up anger seemed to disappear the moment she entered the forest.
Athena found her meadow and laid down on the grass, soaking in the small rays of the sun. It was chilly outside, but Athena felt warm. She felt peace. Everything was quiet, except for the birds singing in the trees. Soon they'd be flying south, and Athena would truly be alone. She closed her eyes and listened to the chirping, trying to clear her mind of all troubles. Trying not to think about her nightmares.
Of course, it was impossible. The nightmares were always there, hiding in the back of Athena's mind, refusing to leave like uninvited guests. Athena had spent countless hours trying to figure out her dreams. She'd even kept dream journals, though they were mostly random late night and early morning thoughts rather than recordings of dreams. The nightmares started when Athena was four years old, newly orphaned, and scared. She had suffered every single night since, without fail, for the past fourteen years.
Why did it begin? Athena hardly remembered the night she first arrived at her grandparent's home. All she remembered was being scared. She never stopped being scared. It was becoming harder and harder to believe Tobin and Jermyn when they said she was the strongest person they knew. Athena felt weak. And now, with rumors spreading and the kingdom changing, Athena felt weaker than ever.
Internally, Athena was falling apart. She'd been deteriorating ever since being orphaned, ever since the very first nightmare. All those years of sleepless nights were catching up, ready to destroy her. Even on her most peaceful nights, those terrors still ate at her. Athena had coped, and for a while she thought she was doing better, but now she wanted to give up. She wanted to give up and give in to the nightmares.
“I thought I'd find you here,” a voice said. The leaves began to rustle, and a figure smudged with dirt appeared in the clearing. His crooked smile was enough to bring Athena out of her gloom. Tobin laid down next to her, leaning over to kiss her cheek. “Happy birthday, Athena,” he breathed. “Or rather, happy late birthday.”
Athena brightened, for a moment forgetting all of her worries. And then she remembered her grandparent's suggestion about marrying Tobin. Athena's gaze darted away from him. She didn't want to think about marriage. She didn't want to think of anything.
“What's wrong?” Tobin asked, obviously noticing her silence. “A lot,” Athena mumbled.
“Care to tell me?” “Not really.”
Tobin twirled a leaf in his fingers. “I'm sorry for being busy all of the time.” “It's not your fault,” Athena sighed.
“No, I wish I could be with you more, Athena. I'm sick of the farm. I'm sick of having dirt all over me. If I could, I'd be here in the forest, by your side, every day.” Tobin laughed. “I'd sell the stupid farm.”
“How are you, Tobin?” Athena asked, looking into his eyes. Tobin gave her a confused look. “What do you mean?”
“I haven't seen you in a month,” Athena answered. “I've been worrying, wondering if you'd been summoned yet.”
“I would never leave without saying goodbye,” Tobin said. “I care about you too much.” “When did you get so mature?” Athena smiled.
“Hey, just because I'm an adult doesn’t mean I'm mature.” Tobin's face was inches away from Athena’s, close enough for her to clearly see his blue eyes, blond eyelashes, and sandy hair. His eyes shined, and they were focused on her. Maybe someday she could marry him; he was the only friend she had, the only person other than her family whom she loved. Tobin was family.
“How did you get away from work today?” Athena asked.
Tobin gave her one of his classic mischievous looks. “I told my mother I was going into town to get some supplies. She gave me three hours. I knew your birthday was yesterday, and I wanted to come and see you.”
“I almost forgot about my birthday,” Athena said.
“You never forget your birthday. Something is wrong Athena, I can see it in your eyes.” Tobin's hand brushed against Athena's, and for a moment his fingers were laced with hers. He pulled away, sitting up. “Please tell me what's wrong.”
Athena faced him. “My grandparents are hiding something from me.”
“Jermyn, keeping a secret? And I always thought he was a saint. Laguna on the other hand...”
“I overheard them speaking to each other. Grandfather said the kingdom would need me. I know it doesn't sound like much, but with what's been going on lately, it scares me.”
Tobin nodded. “Did you confront them?”
“They wouldn't go into detail. They were vague, telling me something was going to happen, and I'd be a part of it. It wouldn't bother me so much if it weren't my own grandfather lying. I've always trusted him. And maybe it's irrational of me, but I feel betrayed.”
“It's not irrational,” Tobin replied. “Your grandfather is probably the most honest person in Edgehill. I can't imagine why he'd keep something from you unless it's something dangerous.”
Athena laughed sarcastically. “How could telling me the truth put me in danger? Wouldn't I feel a lot safer if I knew what was going on?”
“I understand your anger Athena, but I'm sure he has a good reason. Jermyn has no reason to betray you. He loves you more than anyone.”
“I'm sick of being kept in the dark, Tobin!” Athena suddenly burst. “People are fleeing Edgehill. The men are being summoned to the king, and the women and children are running away. We've both heard the rumors of the shadow. Every day, I think it becomes more real.”
“I'm scared too,” Tobin whispered. His fingers brushed Athena's again, but this time he clasped her hand, not letting go. “I think the king is forming an army, preparing for war. That shadow is going to reach us, and I don't know what's going to happen, but I have a feeling it's going to be horrible.”
“We could run away,” Athena suggested. “We could escape Galbar.” But she knew it was a stupid thought. She couldn't run away from her fears. They'd follow her, no matter how far she got. Her nightmares would always be a step ahead of her. And this unknown shadow, if it could creep across the entire kingdom then it could spread across the world. It could shroud every corner, every empty space, in darkness.
“If only we could,” Tobin said.
“Do you think you'll be summoned?”
Tobin's gaze shifted away from Athena. “It's only a matter of time. Both of my older brothers are gone. My cousins are gone. My friends from school are gone. Honestly, the only reason I don't think I've been called yet is because I'm practically running the farm by myself. As long as I'm feeding Edgehill, maybe I'll be kept here.”
“I don't want you to leave,” Athena said, grasping Tobin's hand tightly. “I don't want to face the darkness alone, and I don't want to lose you in a war.”
“We don't even know the real reason why everyone's being summoned,” Tobin answered, though he frowned. “There could be a million explanations.”
“We do know,” Athena said. “The king doesn't just summon every healthy man in the kingdom for fun.”
“Maybe it'll be a short war. A couple of battles, and then it will all be over.”
“You're trying to comfort me,” Athena said. “I appreciate it Tobin, but I know things are bad. And they're only going to get worse.”
Tobin smiled. “How optimistic of you.” He leaned against Athena, hand still intertwined in hers. “And now you're trying to make me happy.”
“And I always succeed,” Tobin laughed.
“You know what else I talked about with my grandparents yesterday?” Tobin raised an eyebrow. “Tell me.”
“Grandfather said I should marry you.” Athena watched as Tobin's eyes widened and his cheeks reddened significantly. He was blushing, and it was slightly adorable. Tobin's hand began to slip out of Athena's; she held on to it though, giving him a reassuring smile. “I'm not going to marry you, not anytime soon,” she said.
“I-I… I'm at a loss for words.” 
“That's a first.”
Tobin scratched his head, still blushing. “Seriously. I'm not even sure how to react.”
Athena shrugged. “Tobin, marriage is probably the last thing I want to think about. It's even farther down the list than my nightmares right now.”
“I suppose that's a relief. I can't even afford a ring.” “Trust me, I don't need a ring,” Athena said.
“I'd get you the greatest ring, Athena. A gigantic diamond, all shiny and fancy. The fanciest ring you ever saw.” Tobin's crooked smile appeared. “Knowing you, you'd probably sell the ring for a lot of money.”
Athena punched his arm. “I would not!” “We'll see,” Tobin smirked.
“Are you saying you want to marry me?”
Tobin hesitated. “Well, I...” He scratched his head again, running fingers through his hair. “I'm not good at romance.”
“Neither am I,” Athena said.
“But I do love you.” Tobin leaned closer. “I love you, Athena.” “In what way?”
“I-I'm not sure,” Tobin said.
“And neither am I,” Athena laughed. “But I love you too, Tobin.”
Tobin kissed her forehead. “Good to know. I always wondered if you only spent time with me because of my ridiculously good looks or if it was something more.”
Athena punched his arm again. “I really hope you don't leave. I'm not sure what I'll do without your ridiculous sense of humor.”
“And I'm not sure what I'd do without your wonderful pessimism.” Tobin stood up, finally letting go of Athena's hand. “Though I haven't been summoned to the king, I do have to go work on the farm.”
“Can I at least help?” Athena asked.
“A woman, doing farm work? Absurd!” Tobin said sarcastically, imitating Laguna.
 “Preposterous! What would your mother think?!” Tobin nodded. “Of course you can help, Athena. But keep an eye out for Laguna. She delivers bread to my mother sometimes. If she caught you-”
“It'd be more terrifying than my nightmares,” Athena finished.
She walked with Tobin, leaving the tranquility of the forest behind. She was going to cherish this time with her best friend. She was going to hold onto him for as long as possible, because she knew deep in her heart that he was going to be summoned. And she knew that Galbar was in trouble. Darkness was spreading. Evil was taking hold. And Athena had a role to play.
The forest trees shrank in the distance as Tobin and Athena made their way down the road. Athena looked back at the forest, wondering how many more times she'd be able to go there. How many more times could she escape her fears before they suffocated her?
Athena remembered her question to Jermyn.
Will everything be okay?
Someday. Someday. A storm was brewing, and Athena had to face it. Whatever it was.

Chapter 6

Later that evening, after toiling in the fields with Tobin, Athena made her way back home, wiping off a layer of sweat and grime. Her skirt was torn, though she didn't particularly care what Laguna thought. She didn't even want to bother sewing it.
When Athena got into the bakery, she quietly slipped to her room, silently grateful that Laguna was conversing with a customer. Jermyn was hidden in the kitchen, as usual, the smell of fresh bread permeating the building.
Athena cleaned herself up and changed out of her stained clothing. Her stomach growled. She'd skipped breakfast and missed lunch. Tobin had given her an apple earlier, but it was long gone. She wanted to go downstairs and get something to eat, but she didn't want to interact with either of her grandparents. Her anger wasn't gone.
Peering out into the hallway, Athena checked to make sure everything was clear. She felt stupid, hiding like this, but wasn't ready for the inevitable confrontation. Tiptoeing down the hallway and stairs, she dashed into the kitchen when Jermyn's back was turned and grabbed a slice of bread, unseen.
Athena quickly bounded back up to her room, nestled on top of her bed, and devoured the bread. She would stay here as long as possible, until tomorrow when she'd go back to the forest to find peace. She could help Tobin again on the farm until his mother eventually made her leave. Or Laguna caught her.
Her stomach rumbled again, and she swore under her breath, cursing her hunger. She couldn't even properly hide in her room for more than a few minutes. When she began to make her way down the stairs once again, she heard voices, not just idle chatter, but a real conversation.
“Laguna, the shadow is moving. My relatives felt it a fortnight ago. They fled-” “Did they see it?”
“Well-”
“Do you have evidence?” “Laguna, don't you believe me?” “I'm skeptical at best.”
Athena could practically see Laguna's sly expression. She took another step down, getting closer to the voices.
“The shadow is coming to Edgehill, I just know it. You and Jermyn should take Athena and go somewhere else.”
“Jermyn and I are too old to leave, and Athena is an adult. She'll be married soon and then it will be up to her husband to decide what to do.”
“Laguna, I don't think there's much time left before the shadow reaches us. My eldest son was summoned to the king, and I'm afraid that even my youngest will be taken from me. There are hardly any men left in Edgehill.”
Athena pressed her head against the wall, straining to hear everything.
“This kingdom needs an army. Any good kingdom does. That's all,” Laguna said.
“They first started leaving a year ago, Laguna. Not one man has returned! Don't you think that it's strange?”
“I'll admit it worries me, but I'm not about to up and leave my bakery because of it. It'll all be sorted out eventually.”
“My family is leaving tomorrow. My husband hasn't been summoned because of his poor health. We're going to take our two youngest children out of this place. I hear there are safe places, just beyond the kingdom borders.”
“Well then, I wish you luck.” “And I you.”
Athena pressed herself against the wall, hoping Laguna wouldn't notice her. Laguna walked past the staircase and into the kitchen, her scowl looking wider than usual. Athena darted to the wall closest to the kitchen.
“These people are insane, Jermyn!” Laguna huffed. “Every day I hear the same stories. People taking their families away, running from this shadow nonsense. We're losing customers. The men are gone, and the women want to be gone. Edgehill is going absolutely mad!”
“Laguna,” Jermyn said, “You know they have every right to be afraid. Regardless of the shadow, Edgehill is in danger. With most of our workers gone, supplies are running low. Production has gone down. Winter will be here soon, and Edgehill isn't prepared.”
Athena shivered. Fall was in full swing, the leaves in vibrant shades of red and orange, floating through the wind. Time flew quickly. Before anyone was prepared, winter would be here. Athena didn't want to imagine an Edgehill in desolation. She didn't want to see frail skeletons dotted amongst the ruins of her home. Just the thought of it made her want to run away.
“Athena.”
Athena jumped, startled. Her grandfather stood in front of her, looking at her concernedly. “I haven't seen you all day,” Jermyn said.
“I-I was with Tobin,” Athena stuttered. She turned away from her grandfather, any hunger she felt now long gone.
“Please don't be angry with me, Athena.”
“Please don't keep secrets from me.” Athena pushed past Jermyn and went back to her room. That night she wrestled with her nightmares, trying to fight them off without success. They were getting stronger as she was getting weaker. There was an evil within them, doing its best to tear Athena apart. The evil was winning.
Before dawn even broke, Athena flung herself out of bed to go outside. The bakery was stifling, like a prison. All it brought were nightmares and arguments with Athena's grandparents. She wrapped a shawl around her, feeling cold. Frost coated the ground and roofs of buildings, the first sign of the impending winter.
“Girl, girl!” a gruff voice called.
Athena turned to face an old woman, hunched over and wrinkled. The woman wagged a finger at Athena. “The shadow is coming! It will drive everyone mad! Mad, I tell you!”
Someone else hurried over, a withered man in a dark cloak. “The shadow kills everything it touches!”
“Have you seen the shadow?” Athena asked the two people.
“No, no, of course not,” the old man said. “If I did, I'd be dead right now!”
 “No, you'd be mad,” the woman said. “Crazy, insane, positively mad!”
If anyone was mad, it was the woman. Athena gave her a tiny smile and continued walking away, drawing her shawl in closer to her body. She could hear the ancient people squabbling about the shadow, both of their voices rising with every word.
The streets were nearly empty, as they'd been for quite a while. Edgehill used to be a bustling town, full of life, full of happiness. Now it was empty, devoid of everything Athena used to love. Gone was the laughter of little children. Gone were the shouts of hagglers and vendors selling their goods. The church bells didn't ring, for even the priest had been taken to the castle town. Weeds grew in yards wildly, for no one was around to tend to them. Entire farms were being shut down because of the lack of employees.
Not one man had yet come back from the castle town. Athena wondered if they ever would. Tobin would be laughing at her constant pessimism, but even he suspected the men would never return. Athena's heart ached. Her town was already falling apart. She pulled a weed up from the ground, a tear dropping from her eye. She was angry at her nightmares, angry at her grandparents, and now angry at her own town. Why weren't the women picking up the pieces? Why weren't they keeping the town together?
If Athena had to, she'd repair everything herself. She wouldn't let Edgehill fall into ruin. She was as strong as any man, capable of everything they were. If they were going to fight a war, she was going to fight a war too. Her nightmares weren't going to consume her, and the mysterious shadow wasn't going to consume this city.
“The shadow is coming,” someone whispered. Athena whisked around.
“It's going to destroy us.”
“Not if we destroy it,” Athena said.
A little boy appeared from a doorway, his clothes barely hanging onto his frail body. “My mummy says it's going to be here any day now.”
“Maybe it will,” Athena said, leaning down to the boy's level. “But we're strong.”
“My daddy went to the king.” The boy smiled proudly. “Mummy says he's going to fight for the king. I want to fight too.”
Athena smiled. “We're all going to fight.”
“Come inside,” the boy's mother hissed from an upstairs window.
“We're all going to fight,” the boy echoed Athena's words. He nodded at her and disappeared into the house.
Athena continued through the streets, searching for signs of liveliness. Any sign of levity. She longed for the music that used to play in the town square, the dancing and singing at parties that lasted from dusk to dawn.
As the sun broke the horizon, shedding light on the dark sky, Athena ran into another person. It was not a civilian, but a soldier. One of the king's soldiers. Athena studied him, hoping to see someone from Edgehill, but he was unrecognizable. Perhaps someone from a neighboring village. “My lady,” he said, bowing slightly. A wool coat covered his uniform.
Athena nodded at him. “Sir.”
“Do you perhaps have any jewelry?”
“I don't wear jewelry,” Athena replied. She hated jewelry clanking every time she took a step, plus she always lost any she ever received.
“A beautiful girl like you should be covered in diamonds,” the soldier grinned. His teeth were yellowed and disgusting.
Athena nodded at him again, ready to move away. He touched her shoulder, fingers lingering longer than they should have. She yanked away, taking a step backward. “I must go,” she said, her muscles tensing up.
“Does your family have any food to spare or perhaps other supplies? Swords, armor?” “Nothing,” Athena said brusquely. “I really must go.” She dodged him, breaking into a jog. She 
darted into the nearest pub, breathing hard. There was something off about the soldier. His behavior was inappropriate; soldiers were supposed to be friendly, but not too friendly. Certainly not like him.
“Did that lad outside bother you too?” the woman behind the counter asked. Athena sunk into a chair. “I don't think he just wanted supplies,” she said.
The woman shook her head. “He's been hovering around all week, harassing these poor women. The king would surely be disappointed if he knew about his own soldier's behavior. Just because the women's husbands are gone doesn't give him any right to”
“I know,” Athena said. “And he asked for supplies.”
The woman rolled her eyes. “He comes in every day begging me for food. Says it's for the good of the kingdom. I've got nothing to spare. Got to stock up for winter. And he's not the only one coming 'round asking. There are other soldiers too, going 'round collecting supplies. People are giving up their essentials. For the supposed 'good of the kingdom.'”
Athena looked at the woman worriedly. “What are they doing with the supplies?”
“Who knows? Probably something about the shadow. I've been hearing about the shadow for months. I'm not panicking yet; I refuse to until I actually see the thing with my own two eyes.”
“I've got to go,” Athena said suddenly. “Sorry I didn't buy anything.”
“No problem. If that ugly soldier bothers you, feel free to come back in and hide for a spell. Or better yet, teach him a lesson.”
Athena smiled and went outside, ignoring the soldier with the yellow teeth. She ran back towards the bakery, wanting to warn her grandparents about the supplies. She was still angry, but she couldn't let them give up their essentials for winter. Jermyn and Laguna were smart, but Athena didn't want to take any chances. She was not going to lose her grandparents to a bitter winter.
“Has a soldier been by?” she asked, rushing inside the bakery. It was still the early morning and the bakery had barely opened. Laguna looked at Athena in shock. “I thought you had gone mute like you were when you were a child.”
Athena ignored the snide remark, repeating her question.
It was Jermyn who answered, for once not covered in flour. “Yesterday actually, when you were with Tobin. We didn't give anything to them, Athena. You don't need to worry.”
“I wasn't worrying,” Athena lied.
Jermyn smiled. “I know you, my dear. We're going to survive this winter, and we're going to help the rest of the town survive it too.”
“You didn't give up any food, weapons, anything?” “No.”
Athena sighed with relief. “So everything is going to be okay?”
This time, Jermyn's answer was reassuring. “Yes Athena. Everything is going to be okay.” Winter and the shadow were coming, but Athena was going to pull through. Nothing was going to conquer her. Not fear, not the nightmares, not anything at all.

Chapter 7

The next few days passed almost painfully slowly. Athena watched as the town fell into disrepair. Families cried their goodbyes to fathers and sons. Travelers hurried through Edgehill, bringing increasingly dark news. Trade with neighboring villages halted. The weather grew colder as leaves fell from trees, winter fast approaching.
Tobin worked himself to the bone, trying to provide food for the remaining town residents. But as the cold settled in, farm production ceased. Tobin and Athena went hunting in the forest every morning, not returning until they had an animal. Unfortunately, Edgehill wasn't known for its hunting. Most of the game resided farther away, closer to rivers and lakes. It didn't help that many animals were hibernating, hiding from the bows and arrows of hunters. They were determined, though, not to let famine strike Edgehill, no matter how much work it took.
Jermyn and Laguna hired a group of women to help bake so that they'd be able to provide enough bread for everybody. Every evening, Athena went door-to-door, passing bread out for free. She could see that the bakery was quickly running out of sugar and flour, but she smiled anyway, trying her best not to give the citizens any more reasons to panic.
Clouds settled in the sky, casting an extra gloom to the already depressed town. Some wondered how much worse it could get. What could the dreaded shadow do that hadn't already been done? Entire families were torn apart already; it had been over a year since some of the men had left. People were giving up their surplus food, weapons, and even clothing to the king's soldiers. The saying, “For the good of the kingdom,” was quickly becoming a sad joke.
More and more soldiers lined the streets, begging for anything they could get their hands on. Athena asked them about the men from Edgehill, but they never gave her a straight answer. There was always some excuse or denial. Athena began to suspect that the king was plotting something, something that certainly wasn't innocent. She didn't dare vocalize her suspicion, for if any of the soldiers heard they would have arrested her. She couldn't be arrested, not when she had a town to take care of.
Athena dragged herself home one night, basket empty, bread all gone. She was exhausted. Every day she woke up before dawn to hunt. Every day she delivered bread. And every night she helped clean up the kitchen and close the bakery. Her feet were blistered and calloused. Sleepless nights were more common than ever. Dark circles haloed Athena's eyes, and her hair was a frizzy mess. No one in Edgehill looked any better. Even Laguna couldn't complain anymore.
“Rest,” Jermyn said, taking a pile of dishes from Athena's arms.
“I can't,” Athena said, though her knees wobbled from exhaustion.
“I remember when you were a little girl, and you couldn't sleep because of your nightmares. You were practically dying in front of me, and I couldn't do anything about it. It broke my heart. And now here you are, breaking my heart all over again.” Jermyn smiled. “But you are tremendously strong, Athena. Thank you for your help.”
Athena leaned against the counter, reaching down to massage her aching feet. She wasn't angry at her grandparents anymore. She didn't have time to be angry. For whatever reason, they had decided to keep secrets, and Athena couldn't do anything to change it. They were still good people, trying to do good things. If it weren't for her grandparents, Edgehill would be starving. The bakery and hunting were the only sources of food the town had.
“I can't rest, Grandfather. Edgehill is falling apart.”
Jermyn sighed. “And you're doing all you can, but you've got to take care of yourself.”
“I'm doing all I can and it isn't enough!” Athena cried out. “Managing to kill a couple of birds every day isn't going to save anybody! And we're running out of supplies. This bakery isn't going to last much longer.”
“We'll just make smaller loaves,” Jermyn said, but he sounded defeated.
“I can't let my town fall. It's my home.”
“It's my home too, Athena. I don't like what's happening any more than you, but we're doing everything in our power to push through.”
Athena looked out the window, watching the soldiers knock on doors. “What does the king really want with an army?”
Suddenly there was a sharp knock on the bakery door. Athena rolled her eyes, assuming it was one of the soldiers coming to collect their non-existent surplus. She shoved the door open, ready to tell off the soldier, but there was no soldier on the porch. Instead there was a drunk. The town drunk, Faramond.
“Faramond, what are you-”
Faramond pushed past Athena into the house, forcing himself in.
“Get out!” Athena yelled, tugging on his sleeve, trying to shoo him away. He put a finger to his lips as if telling her to stay quiet.
Athena's heart began to pound. What on earth was he trying to do? She almost called out to her grandfather, but Faramond had stumbled into the nearest chair, now sitting with his head slack against the wall. His eyes were crossed, and he was obviously extremely intoxicated. Athena sighed, walking over to him. She tapped his shoulder, trying to get his attention. “What are you doing here?” she whispered. She repeated her question, more forcefully. Faramond mumbled something unintelligible.
Laguna entered the room, noticing the drunk. Her eyebrows raised. “Why is this fool sitting in my favorite chair?”
“I'm wondering that myself, Grandmother.”
Athena expected her grandmother to yell at the man, to shove him back on the street, but she simply glared at him, turned around, and walked up the stairs. Athena's jaw nearly dropped. If anyone could scare someone into leaving, it was Laguna with her stern, merciless personality.
Faramond was large, at least twice the size of Athena. Even sitting down, he still hulked over her. His dark hair hung in greasy strings around his face, shielding his brown eyes. His goatee was stained with bread crumbs and his breath smelled of alcohol. Faramond was perhaps the biggest mess in Edgehill.
He'd been drunk for as long as Athena could remember. She'd seen him in town before, stumbling around and spouting strange, meaningless words. Athena hadn't ever paid much attention to him. She usually just hurried past him, ignoring his antics. He was someone to be dismissed, never taken seriously.
Yet here Faramond was, sitting in Athena's home, on Laguna's favorite chair, appearing to be half-asleep. He slurred something, but Athena looked at him confusedly. He raised a shaking finger and pointed it at the fireplace.
Go to your own house and make your own fire, Athena thought, but she reluctantly knelt down at the fireplace, turning over the logs.
After the fire had been started, Athena watched it flicker and dance, listening to the crackle of burning wood. It reminded her of the forest. She used to spend summer nights there with Tobin. They'd sit around a fire, telling each other ghost stories and trading tall tales. Those summers seemed like an eternity ago, in a different life. As the years went by and Athena and Tobin got older, life became more and more complicated. Athena longed for the simplicity of childhood where the only care she had was her nightmares. Now life was nothing but a nightmare. Not even the forest could truly calm her down.
Faramond's eyes were now fully closed. He was fast asleep, his snores practically shaking the walls. Athena stared at him, willing him to wake up so he could leave. She didn't want the town alcoholic sitting in her living room any longer than necessary.
“What's the ruckus?” Jermyn said, untying his apron and noticing Faramond's hulking frame. “Do I snore that loud?”
“Do you have any idea what he's doing here?” Athena asked.
Jermyn hung his apron on the kitchen door and tapped Faramond. “He's out cold.” 
“Drunk as ever,” Athena agreed.
“I don't recall ever seeing Faramond sober. I doubt he even drinks anything besides whiskey.” “Rum perhaps.” Athena situated herself in front of the fireplace, warming her hands over it. She listened to the rumbles of Faramond's snores and the soft crackling of the fire. Flakes of ashes jumped in the air, snapping.
“Maybe if we just rolled him-”
Athena laughed. “He's not a barrel of food, Grandfather.” “Or we could dump a bucket of water on him.”
“It'd probably help get rid of the awful smell,” Athena said, crinkling her nose at the stench wafting off Faramond.
“How did he get in?” Jermyn asked.
“He just walked in. I couldn't stop him, look how huge he is.” Jermyn nodded. “Perhaps he has something to say.”
Athena stared at her grandfather. He didn't seem particularly concerned that Faramond was here, just like Laguna. “Are you okay with the town drunk in our living room?” Athena asked.
“He's harmless, my dear.”
“Harmless or not, he's insane. What's he doing here when he's got his own bed? Of all the men to be summoned to the castle town, why wasn't he one of them? I'm sure the military could sober him up. He looks healthy enough, besides the liver problems I'm sure he has.”
“He's just as tired as the rest of us,” Jermyn said. “Faramond's trying to help Edgehill too.” Athena eyed her grandfather. “How exactly has he contributed?”
“He's giving his food to others, people on the verge of starvation.”
Faramond stirred in the chair, eyes fluttering open. He shifted around, cleared his throat, and appeared to go right back to sleep.
“So he's a drunk with a heart of gold?”
“I suppose,” Jermyn said. “At least he's a calm drunk. When I used to spend time at the pub, there were some men who'd be violent and volatile. Fights would break out all of the time. I got so used to it, I hardly flinched. Faramond would always just sit in the corner, sleeping with a flask in his hand.”
“I can't even imagine you in a pub, Grandfather.”
Jermyn grinned. “I wasn't always a friendly old baker.” He winked. “Anyway, my dear Athena, I must get to bed. Please listen to Faramond. He may be slightly mad, but he's not a bad man. I'm sure he's here for something very important.”
Athena was confused, but then again, she'd been confused about a lot lately. She simply nodded at her grandfather. “Good night,” she called.
“Good night! And when Faramond is gone, you'd better get some rest. I've seen you yawn at least a dozen times tonight!”
“Yes, Grandfather,” Athena said, watching the fire as she yawned. 

Chapter 8

Faramond began to stir again, opening his eyes fully. He cleared his throat and sat upwards, finally looking directly at Athena.
“What are you dong here?” Athena asked tiredly.
“Athena,” Faramond said, scooting forward in the chair. “Promise you'll listen to me.” Athena didn't say anything. She crossed her arms.
“Promise,” Faramond repeated.
“I just want to know what you're doing in my house. It's not very polite you know, making yourself at home without even being invited in.” 
“Please, Athena, I need to tell you something.”
“Why didn't you tell me before falling asleep?” Athena stood up. “I don't appreciate alcoholics in my living room. Good night, Faramond.”
“Didn't you listen to your grandfather?” “Excuse me?”
“I believe he told you to listen to what I had to say.” “You were asleep,” Athena said.
Faramond smirked. “I'm a good actor.”
“You weren't acting. I can smell the alcohol on your breath. You were out cold because you're nothing but a lousy drunk.”
“I'm wounded,” Faramond said, putting a hand to his heart. “Laguna never did teach you how to be a lady.”
“Get out, Faramond. I've got enough headaches, and I don't need another one.”
“All right, if you won't listen, then just hear me.” Faramond ran his spidery fingers through his greasy hair. There was dirt encrusted in his overly long fingernails.
Athena had one hand on the door, but she dropped it, noticing the serious look in Faramond's eyes. She sighed and sat down on the floor in front of him. “Talk.”
“You're not just a baker's granddaughter,” Faramond began. He cleared his throat again, drawing a flask out of his coat pocket. “It's water,” he said before Athena could make any remark. After taking a few sips, he put the flask away and spoke. “You are someone far more special than a baker's grandchild. Someone far more important. A chosen one.”
Athena wanted to laugh, but Faramond still looked completely serious. He didn't so much as smile.
“You were chosen to protect Galbar from the evil spreading throughout the land. The Guardian of the Kingdom. After you were chosen, your parents went into hiding to keep you safe until the time came for you to rise and defend the kingdom. They traveled out of Edgehill, concealing you, but somehow they were discovered. Mercenaries followed them, sent to murder the three of you. Your parents tried to flee, but it was too late; they were caught and killed. Yet, it was not your fate to die by a mercenary's sword. As if by some miracle, you survived without so much as a scratch. A friend of your parents happened to be traveling on the same road at the time of the attack, and they saved you, fighting off the mercenaries to take you to your grandparents where you could remain in safety. Everybody else who knew your parents assumed you were dead, not realizing you'd been taken to your grandparents”
“Wait,” Athena said, stopping Faramond, “Everyone knows I'm Jermyn and Laguna's granddaughter.”
“Not your parent's friends.”
“I've never met any friends of my parents.”
Faramond smiled knowingly. “Exactly. Jermyn and Laguna have kept you a secret from the past. They've had to, otherwise someone would try to kill you again.”
Athena could hardly believe anything Faramond was saying. It sounded like a made-up story, hardly anything more than a fairytale. A fairytale where she was the hero. It didn't help that Faramond still looked so drunk. His words were clear, not the slurred speech of someone intoxicated, but his appearance was mangy and greasy. He did not look like someone to be taken seriously.
“My parents died in a flood,” Athena said. “No, Athena, they died trying to save you.”
“They died in a flood,” Athena repeated. “The great flood of Galbar, where thousands of people perished.”
“There was no great flood,” Faramond said.
“Yes there was,” Athena insisted, though she had a sinking feeling. If her grandparents were keeping secrets now, they may have been lying for years. Athena didn't want to believe that. If she couldn't trust her own family, who could she trust?
“Your parents died a bloody, brutal death. There was no mercy, not one shred.”
A tear fell from Athena's eye. No. “No, that's not how they died,” she said weakly. “They were tortured and murdered, Athena.”
“Stop it.”
“For your sake. The guardian's sake.”
“I'm not a guardian of anything,” Athena yelled. “I'm just a girl! A scared, weak, girl!” “You're strong,” Faramond said. “The strongest person I know.”
“Why does everybody say that?!” Athena cried. “I'm not strong. I'm falling apart right in front of you.”
“We all fall apart sometimes,” Faramond said softly. “It's part of being human.”
“How can I believe a word you say, Faramond? How do I know you're not manipulating me? How can I possibly trust you?”
“I've been watching over you, Athena, to see that nothing bad ever happened to you. I had to pretend to be a drunk in order to protect you”
“I don't believe that!” Athena shouted. “I've seen you around Edgehill for years. Don't try to tell me that it was all an act. Don't try to tell me that you're actually sober. I'm not a fool.”
“I'm not a drunk,” Faramond said, voice remaining calm. “I'm much healthier than I appear to be.”
 “That's a lie.”
“Athena, please. I've been keeping you safe all of these years. I'm not your enemy, I'm your friend.”
“You're not my friend.” Athena walked over to the door. “Get out of my house, Faramond.” “Please,” Faramond said again. “Listen to me, Athena. I know it's hard to believe. I don't expect it to be easy for you, but you've got to listen.”
Athena was shaking. “You expect me to believe that I was destined to save the kingdom? Do I look like a hero, Faramond?”
“You do.”
Athena closed her eyes, angry and confused. More terrified than ever before. “I'm no hero.” “You will be.”
“I don't believe you.”
“You will believe me Athena, someday.”
Athena shook her head. “No, you're mad Faramond. Absolutely mad.” “Ask me anything, Athena. I have answers.”
“Why were my parents murdered?”
“King Landgrave wanted your family dead so that you could never become the guardian. He ordered your murders.”
“King Landgrave is a good man,” Athena said.
“He was once, but he was corrupted. Power can corrupt even the best men.” 
“So you're telling me he thought I was a threat to his power?”
Faramond nodded. “The king has developed an insatiable thirst for power. It clouds his judgment, and twists him into committing evil acts.”
“How can I believe that King Landgrave is evil? He's done nothing but good for this kingdom. I don't see how he could be a murderer.”
“Landgrave is misguided, vulnerable, easily manipulated. He's a puppet to the Shadow. No, he's a slave. He's given up himself to it. The Shadow is the true evil.” “So this shadow is spreading?”
“The rumors are true,” Faramond answered. “The Shadow is blanketing Galbar in pure evil. All because of the king.”
“You speak as if the shadow is a person. Is it some kind of being?”
“It can take whatever form it chooses. All I know for certain is that it is nothing but evil. Perhaps the evilest being in this world. Even the rottenest kings would cower in fear.”
“But Landgrave isn't cowering,” Athena said. “He's sold his soul,” Faramond replied.
Athena sat down, nearly collapsing. She felt faint, tremendously exhausted. She was overcome with a flood of emotions that she didn't know how to process. All Athena wanted now was to run. If she was the guardian of the kingdom, then the forest was her guardian. It was her protector. But Athena still wondered how much longer that could last. How much longer would her precious forest be a place of solitude?
“I'm sorry Athena. I know how hard this must be.”
“You have no idea,” Athena said through gritted teeth. Tears were falling from her eyes. She wanted to believe that Faramond was no more than a drunken idiot, a fool. But she knew in her heart he spoke the truth. He was not keeping secrets.
The truth stung greater than any secret. The truth felt worse than all of the nightmares Athena had ever endured. The truth was crippling.
“I am so sorry.” Faramond reached out, trying to put a comforting hand on Athena's shoulder. She slapped his hand away, refusing to look at him. She was sobbing. She wanted to go to the forest and never come back. Someone else could save the kingdom. Someone else could play the hero.
“Why me?” Athena's voice was tiny, broken. “Why am I the chosen one?”
“I don't know,” Faramond answered honestly. “But we're all destined for something. Your destiny is to be the Guardian of the Kingdom.”
“I don't want to be a guardian.”
“The burden is great, but I believe in you, Athena.” “You don't even know me,” Athena spat.
Faramond didn't say anything for a moment, looking in the direction of the fire. It was still crackling quietly in the background, going on as if nothing had changed. As if all was right in the world.
“I'm sorry,” Faramond said finally. He stood up, walking towards the door. He stood over
Athena, looking directly at her. “Will you listen to one last thing?” Athena nodded slowly, though she didn't want to hear any more. “King Landgrave is raising an army.”
“I know,” Athena whispered.
“Athena, Landgrave isn't raising an army to fight against the evil – he's raising an army to fight for it.”
Faramond's solemn gaze was enough to drive Athena over the edge. Her heart sunk and shattered into a million pieces. Her time as the baker's granddaughter was over. Life as she knew it was over. Everything was changing. Everything was falling apart, and Athena felt like she was dying. The Shadow wasn't even here, and yet she could feel it weaving its way into her own soul. Tormenting her, breaking her, killing her. Her life had been a lie. All these years, and finally she knew the truth.
So she ran away.

Chapter 9

Athena shoved past Faramond, running outside and slamming the door behind her. She didn't wait for him to try and stop her. She couldn't be around him. One more second in that house and she would have collapsed. Her heart was pounding, her body was shaking, and her limbs felt like they would snap from under her at any moment.
It was the middle of the night, and all was silent except for Athena's footsteps tearing through the road. Her feet were bare, and quickly becoming scratched and scraped on the rough dirt and rocks, but she hardly noticed. Nor did Athena notice the bitterly cold night air. Frost dusted the ground and rooftops, and Athena's breath was clearly visible in the air. She shivered as she ran, but it wasn't from the cold, it was from the terror permeating her very soul. The terror was puncturing her heart, trying to kill her right on the spot.
Athena kept running, even as her lungs began to give out. She dove into the forest, leaving Edgehill behind her, running past her favorite clearing in the forest, going farther than she'd ever been before, as if running would somehow help her. The forest grew thicker, and the sky grew darker. Athena tripped over a branch, but she quickly got up, scrambling away, without so much as a look at her bloody knee. By now her dress was in tatters, irreparable. Laguna would have a fit, but that didn't matter.
Where are you going, Athena? Athena sprinted through the forest, her feet cracked and already blistering. She felt like she'd faint, but it didn't stop her. Fainting would be a welcome relief. Maybe it would provide a restful sleep, free from nightmares. Her breath grew ragged and strained, her heart pounding a million miles a minute. Where are you going? her mind repeated.
“Away,” Athena managed. “I'm going away.”
Why?
“To escape.”
You can't escape, Athena.
Finally, Athena fell to the ground, her lungs empty and her body in pain. She began to cry, gasping for air, wishing that everything would be normal. But you were never normal. Wishing everything would be okay. It won't be okay. Wishing everything would disappear. Wishing you would disappear.
Even in the moonlight, the forest was somehow beautiful. It was cathartic, the only place Athena could ever really escape to. She didn't recognize where she was, but she could see the trail she'd forged, crushed plants and broken branches were strewn in almost a straight line. “I wish I would disappear,” she said out loud, staring up at the trees. “I want to disappear!” she shouted. But her mind was taunting her. You're stuck here, Athena. There will never be an escape.
“Am I strong now, Grandfather?” Athena yelled. She heard leaves crunch and branches rustle as the woodland animals scurried away in fear. An owl swooped past her, cooing sadly. “Am I strong?” she asked again, through tear-filled eyes. The owl situated itself on an overhanging branch, tilting its head at Athena, looking at her as if to say, “You're not strong.”
How could it be that all these years had passed, and Athena hadn't known even a shred of the truth? How could the people she loved most hide it from her? She pictured her parents, straining to remember them, trying to picture the moment the mercenaries murdered them. Though she had no recollection herself, her mind created images; gruesome, horrific images. She could practically hear the screams and smell the blood.
Athena pictured King Landgrave, the man most people revered, wallowing in his greed and lust. She could see him smiling sadistically at the thought of her parent's deaths, and then she could see his grin contorting into a look of pure disgust, furious that Athena was still alive. She wondered just how much he wanted her dead. Had he been after her all of this time, without her knowing? Had Faramond and her grandparents really kept her safe?
And of course, Athena wondered about “The Guardian of the Kingdom.” If anyone saw her right now, sobbing on the dirt, clothing torn, body bloody and battered, they would not think she was a hero. They'd think she was a victim. I am a victim. Athena didn't ask to be the guardian. She didn't want it. She wanted to be an ordinary girl. Even the thought of becoming a housewife was infinitely more appealing than saving the kingdom.
You asked for adventure, her mind said. Athena almost laughed. Adventure was exploring the land, discovering new places and people. Adventure was simply wandering away from Edgehill every now and then. Adventure was not risking her own life for the lives of millions. It was not facing a malevolent king and an unknown shadow. It was not being lied to for eighteen years.
Athena did not understand how she could be the guardian. Perhaps it was all some cruel joke. Or a careless mistake. Maybe she was completely ordinary. There was nothing special about Athena. She didn't have any powers, she wasn't raised to be anything more than a lady, and even that Athena had failed at. She wasn't a leader or a hero. Her only friend was Tobin, and he was always the more confident one, the stronger one. If anyone could be the guardian, it was him.
You're strong, her mind insisted. “I'm not,” Athena said. But you are. You're trying to save Edgehill. And you're succeeding. This time, Athena did laugh. “Success? What success? Edgehill is starving. Edgehill is going to shrivel up until nothing is left.”
You provide hope, Athena. You work tirelessly to save the people you care about. You've already done more than most.
Athena shook her head. “Hunting and baking bread isn't going to save Edgehill.”
But you haven't given up.
That was true. Athena stared at her feet. They had been calloused from almost constant use and little rest. Now they were blistered, bleeding, and black with dirt. Her hands were in an equally rough condition, cracked and split from holding them out to shield her face from the branches as she ran. Her skin was pale, making the circles under her eyes appear even darker than normal. Her brown hair had grown thick and unruly, like a mane. Leaves were caught in it. Athena had been completely neglecting herself for the sake of others. She was already giving up her own life to save everybody else.
“That doesn't change the fact that Edgehill is still suffering. This whole kingdom is suffering. Whatever I do isn't enough.” Athena could slave away all she wanted and it wouldn't matter in the long run. Eventually the Shadow would spread, bringing an impossible evil. Galbar would be cast in darkness, and then, that would be it. All hope would be lost. “What could I possibly do to stop the Shadow?”
Good wins in the end. Good prevails.
“You know that isn't always true.” Athena could think of numerous cases in history where evil had prevailed. Of course, in school it was glossed over in favor of the good. People didn't like depressing stories. They wanted happy ones. No one wanted to hear about villains winning. Only heroes could win. And Athena had always agreed, pushing the sad stories to the back of her mind.
It seemed that now, evil was winning. King Landgrave was building an army to fight for the Shadow. He was stealing innocent men from their families to fight for his unjust cause. Those men were likely never to return. Thousands of men were walking to their deaths. Thousands of families would be grieving and mourning. And eventually those families would perish too. If famine managed to strike, Galbar would become a tomb.
Maybe Athena's destiny was not to fight the Shadow or Landgrave, but to save the kingdom during the winter. She could train the women to hunt and forage. She could educate them on all of the jobs their husbands had once done. She could build their strength and boost their morale. If all of the women worked together, Edgehill could build itself back up and things could be normal. Or at least as normal as circumstances permitted.
Or perhaps Athena could infiltrate the army. She could disguise herself as a male and spread the truth about the king. The army could turn on him and slay him. It didn't sound too impossible. It certainly seemed more plausible than the whole “chosen one” thing. Yet, as Athena thought of different scenarios, as she wondered what alternatives there were to being the Guardian of the Kingdom, she became more and more dejected. It seemed that no matter what she thought of, everything ended with her playing the main role. She couldn't sit on the sidelines and allow her kingdom to fall apart. Her heart forced her to be the hero.
Why?
It was the ultimate question. Why Athena? Why the baker's granddaughter who spent hours in the forest with her thoughts? The girl who could never seem to sit still for too long, who never combed her hair, who always had stains or tears in her dress, who hunted and plowed fields instead of sewing and knitting. Why her?
Athena kept repeating to herself that she was just a girl. A normal, ordinary, regular, even mediocre girl. Not a guardian, a chosen one, or a hero. Just a girl. But her stupid mind kept insisting that she was more. She could picture Tobin and Jermyn telling her how strong she was. And no matter how much Athena wanted to dismiss it, she couldn't.
You're the strongest person I know. Those words rang in her head over and over again. It was incredibly hard to believe, but perhaps someday Athena could live up to those words. Perhaps she could prove herself. You have nothing to prove, Athena. You're already a hero. Stop fighting with yourself and just accept it.
“I'm not ready to accept it,” Athena whispered into the moonlight. “I'm not ready.”
She continued to wrestle with her thoughts, ruminating over everything that had taken place that night. Contemplating the guardian idea, thinking about her parents, about the King and the Shadow, about Faramond, about absolutely everything. And yet the more Athena thought, the more overwhelmed she became.
Somewhere along the way she'd stopped crying, her face now caked with dried tears. She reached up and touched her cheek, realizing that her fingers were ice cold. Athena had been so preoccupied with everything going on that even after her lungs had long ago regained air, she still didn't feel the cold. There was definitely a winter chill hanging in the air, the kind of chill that would last perpetually until the sun finally decided to chase it away.
Athena also became more aware of the state of her body. She'd noticed the blood and bruises, but the pain hadn't quite sunken in until now. Every inch of her was in pain, and when she tried to maneuver herself so that she was standing up, it felt like she was stepping on hot coals. Her feet were in agony. Athena winced, trying to take a step. Suddenly she wasn't just concerned about the future of her kingdom, but she wondered if she'd even make it back home before perishing in the middle of the forest. Death felt closer than ever. Heaven felt closer than ever.
It had been hours since Athena had any water or food. Any nourishment had long ago disappeared. Her stomach growled, sounding almost angry. Athena knew food wasn't the priority. She could last days without it, but without water, death would claim her swiftly.
You're strong, Athena's mind said as she slowly took another step. She cried out, the pain searing, almost unbearable. You're strong, but why did you run outside with no shoes? Athena bent down and yanked a piece of cloth from her already ruined dress. She wrapped it around one of her feet, using a stem leaf to tie it on. Gingerly she took a step, finding the pain much more manageable. Grabbing another piece of cloth, Athena did the same to the other foot, proud of her makeshift slippers. She was still very much aware of her wounds, but the pain had dulled significantly.
Athena looked around, trying to find some source of water. There were no streams or ponds around. Though Athena knew that, she couldn't help but look anyway, hoping for some kind of miracle. Unfortunately, she didn't have much luck. The forest was barren. The only liquid around was in poisonous berries. Athena's forest sanctuary was letting her down, not providing protection, but making it all the easier for exposure to kill her.
I have to get out of here. Athena willed herself to keep moving. Years ago, Athena had spent a particularly perilous night in the forest. A summer rainstorm had produced a flash flood, water gushing into the clearing she spent so much time in. The water moved swiftly, scooping Tobin and Athena up, pushing them in a current straight towards a group of trees. Both of them would have been killed if not for a giant branch that blocked the water from moving through the trees, causing it to slow to a standstill. Athena and Tobin floated in the stagnant water until the storm subsided and the water sunk into the grass. For weeks afterward, they were too afraid to go back into the forest, thinking it was dangerous.
Eventually Athena was the first to go back in, deciding that the risk was worth it. She loved the forest, she loved nature. She decided that if anything were going to kill her, it would be nature.
Now, Athena had changed her mind. She couldn't let nature kill her. She had to go back to the bakery. She had reasons for living. Tobin, her grandparents, and her kingdom. Edgehill needed her. Galbar needed her. Athena couldn't die, not before she had truly lived.
It was time to go home. Athena could see the moon waning in the sky, dawn approaching. It was time to go back to Faramond, to hear him explain everything once and for all. She wasn't going to run away again. Whether a victim or a hero, chosen one or not, Athena wouldn't allow herself to run.
Running was for cowards. Running was for weaklings. As Athena limped through the forest, very carefully avoiding any movement that would upset her wounds, she felt stronger than she had in weeks. Despite the dried blood and tears, despite the pain her body was in, and despite how broken she was, she felt real strength. Adrenaline pumped through her veins, willing her to go on. The forest would not be her tomb, and Galbar would not be a tomb for its people. Athena still wasn't sure what to believe, but she did believe in hope. Hope was the singular light in the darkness. The one thing that kept the darkness from engulfing Athena.

Chapter 10

Plodding along as the sky began to lighten, Athena made her way towards town. She must have ran miles, as the entire area was unrecognizable. She was lucky she wasn't getting lost. It would have been yet another burden on Athena's breaking back.
The sun broke over the horizon, shedding brightness over the forest. Hundreds of trees dotted the landscape, going on forever into the distance. It seemed as if Athena would be walking endlessly, her tired feet straining more with every step. By the time she reached her favorite clearing, she was in desperate need of rest.
She fell into the grass, nursing her wounds. She ripped new pieces of cloth to pad her feet, the old cloth already fraying, revealing her injured feet. Athena lay back, closing her eyes against the sun. For the first time in hours, she felt real peace. Warmth radiated over her, washing away the frigid night air. Her mind was clear. No distractions, no fear, and no worry dared sneak towards her.
Of course, it was only fleeting. The peace never lasted.
Suddenly, someone came crashing through the trees, tearing through branches and crunching leaves. Athena bolted upright, forgetting her soreness. She winced, but she was completely alert, picking up a nearby branch to use as a potential weapon. Paranoia quickly managed to settle within her as she pictured mercenaries with drawn swords ready to attack. She would have no chance of getting away, incapacitated like this with her injuries. She may as well have been a sitting duck, a giant target.
“Athena!” It was Tobin. Not a mercenary. Tobin was not holding a sword. Athena dropped the branch, tossing it to the side.
Tobin was breathless, heaving loudly. He gasped for air, face red as if he'd been running nonstop. He looked as tired as Athena felt, his sandy hair more unkempt than usual and his eyes pink like he hadn't slept. Athena reached towards him, clasping his hand. She pulled him downwards, to sit next to her. “Tobin, what's wrong?” she asked, her voice stiff after hours without water. He didn't say anything, chest rising and falling rapidly. She could hear his heart beating, and she wondered if her own heart had been thumping like that the entire night. “What's wrong?” Athena asked again. “I...” Tobin trailed off. He had regained enough breath to speak, but he seemed almost paralyzed, unable to say anything. He opened his mouth again to say something, but no words would come.
Though Athena asked again, she already knew what he was going to say. She'd been dreading it for months. It was inevitable. Now that it was here, she found that she only felt empty. There was a hollowness in her heart, like a piece of it had been taken away.
Athena hugged her friend, wrapping her arms tightly around him. She kissed his cheek as he sunk into her embrace, holding her. They were silent for several minutes, just holding each other, neither wanting to break apart. Athena never wanted to let go of him. Tobin was a part of her, her best friend, and perhaps someday he'd be more. Looking at him now, there was only love between them. How could she possibly allow him to go to his death? How could she say goodbye?
“You already know, don't you?” Tobin finally asked, still holding her. “I've been dreading it,” Athena whispered in his ear.
“A soldier came last night. Mum and my sisters were asleep. I didn't want to open the door. I nearly jumped out the window.” As Tobin spoke, his voice began to shake. He was trying to fight his emotion. “But the soldier just kept hitting the door, like he wanted to break it. He yelled, and I knew I couldn't hide. I couldn't run, because I'd get caught and then I'd be dead. Then I couldn't even say goodbye to you.”
Athena felt a tear fall from Tobin's eye and onto her shoulder. She touched his face, trying to calm him. He closed his eyes as her fingers brushed against his cheeks. “It's going to be okay, Tobin.” Athena didn't believe her own words, but Tobin did, smiling slightly. Athena's heart ached, knowing that she wouldn't see that crooked smile many more times. At least, not for a long time. Not until Galbar was saved.
“The soldier told me I'd been summoned to the king,” Tobin breathed, taking both of Athena's hands in his. “I asked him when. He gave me four days. I nearly lost it, right then and there. You should have seen me, Athena. I wanted to rip that daft soldier's head off. I told him that wasn't enough time. I had to make sure my family could run the farm, and I had to stock up on food for Edgehill. He told me that four days was more than most of the men got. Sometimes they'd be summoned and they'd have to leave that very same day.”
“You're one of the lucky ones,” Athena said.
“I don't feel lucky.” Tobin's ocean eyes were filled with pain. He was going through just as much as Athena right now. Both of their lives had fallen apart. Everything they knew was changing. For the worse.
“The soldier actually laughed at me. He said I was stupid for not being excited to go and meet the king. He told me that being a part of the royal army was the greatest honor there was. It doesn't sound like an honor to me, abandoning everyone I love to go and fight for something I don't even understand. I wanted to punch that soldier. Instead, I just slammed the door.”
Why wasn't it that things couldn't just go back to the way they were years ago? Why couldn't Tobin and Athena return to their childhood innocence? To a time before evil threatened them?
She thought back to everything they'd been through together over the years. They had many crazy adventures, many wonderful memories. They had sad memories too. Athena remembered the day her old cat had died. Tobin was there, comforting and consoling her. He'd even gotten a stray cat from one of the alleyways for her to keep. Of course, Laguna hadn't accepted it, certain that it was plagued with all kinds of diseases. She made Tobin wash up for at least an hour in case any germs were on him. Athena remembered as the two children said goodbye to their temporary pet, both crying, hoping the stray would be okay on its own. That was the last time Tobin cried in front of her, when he was nine years old.
Ten years later, he was crying again. “I know it's what I'm supposed to do,” Tobin said, “but I don't want to do it. Does that make me a traitor? Not wanting to fight for my king?”
“You're not a traitor,” Athena reassured him. “You're human.” She remembered Faramond telling her about the army's purpose. They were going to fight for evil, not against it. She wondered if she should tell Tobin that, as then he wouldn't have to leave. He'd stay here, with her, by her side. Though she wanted desperately to keep him here, she knew it was wrong. If Tobin refused to join the army, or if he deserted, the penalty was death.
But he's marching straight to his death if he joins. Whether Tobin stayed or went, his death seemed unavoidable. Athena couldn't bear it. She couldn't let him die. She was going to save him, no matter what it took. Life without Tobin was a life unthinkable.
“It's not fair,” Tobin whispered.
“It's your duty to the crown,” Athena said, forcing an emotionless tone. “You have to go, Tobin.” No. Stay with me. “You'll come back a hero.” You'll come back in a box. “And I'll be so proud of you.” I'll be heartbroken.
“I'm trying to be strong right now Athena, but every time I look at you, something inside of me just breaks. It's like my heart is being held up by little strings. And every time I see you, one of those strings snaps. I'm afraid they're all going to snap, and then my heart is going to plunge, and I'm going to die. Every time I think about leaving, I become more and more sure that I'm never going to see you again, and that... that... destroys me.”
“You have to be strong, Tobin. You have to.” Athena could hardly say the words, emotion flooding her all over again. The past day had been nothing but a constant nightmare, and it still wasn't over.
Tobin laid down, saying nothing. Perhaps minutes passed, perhaps hours. No one was keeping track of time. The more time that went by, the less time they had together. Neither wanted to think about that.
“Athena?”
Athena looked at her friend. “What happened to your feet?”
She sat up, realizing the cloth had fallen off, revealing her raw feet. She hadn't even noticed. “I ran last night.” It was honesty, without saying everything.
“Without any shoes? You're mad.” Tobin reached over, re-wrapping Athena's feet. He didn't so much as flinch at the sight of them. He was cautious, taking care not to aggravate any of the wounds. He then took his own shoes off and placed them on Athena's feet, not saying a word.
“Thank you,” Athena whispered, genuinely grateful.
Tobin didn't even ask why she had been running in the middle of the night through the forest. He made no comment about her tangled hair with the leaves or her bruised skin. He simply hugged her. “I'm going to miss you,” he said.
“You're not leaving yet,” Athena replied. Holding his hand, she stood up. Her legs wobbled slightly, and he held onto her, supporting her.
“I'll never leave you,” Tobin said, and this time his eyes were filled with love.
They walked back to town, Tobin helping Athena limp along. When Athena grew too weary, Tobin picked her up. He carried her for several feet before she began to protest, insisting that she was perfectly capable of walking herself.
Tobin laughed, and internally Athena noted that it would be the last time she heard his laugh. She savored it, trying to make him laugh more, purposely exaggerating her personality, being as tomboyish and standoffish as she could.
Eventually Tobin caught on. He stopped laughing, gazing at her for a moment as if trying to memorize her face. He was etching it into the sketchbook of his mind. “I'm going to miss you,” he said again, this time more solemnly.
“What am I going to do without you?” Athena asked, though she wasn't expecting an answer. “You're going to save Edgehill,” Tobin replied. “You're going to do amazing things here, without me. You don't need me, Athena. I need you, but you don't need me.”
Athena stared at him. “What do you mean I don't need you?”
“Do I really have to say it?” Tobin laughed. “You're the strongest person I know, Athena. You don't see it, but I do. You're stronger than anybody in Edgehill, and probably this entire kingdom. How many people can handle nightmares every single night without going absolutely mad? How many people can get up before dawn every day and work until night, with hardly any sleep? The fact that you're still sane is a miracle, Athena.”
“I'm not sane,” Athena said. “Look at me, Tobin. I'm a wreck.” “You're a beautiful wreck,” Tobin smiled.
That smile was painful. “A beautiful wreck is still a wreck. I keep trying to pick myself up, but I'm just so tired Tobin. And everything keeps getting worse. I don't want to lose you. I do need you. I need you more than anyone. My heart has strings too, and I don't think there're many left still holding it.”
“We'll both have to find some new strings,” Tobin said as his smile vanished. “We're both going to be okay.”
Neither of them believed it. Athena hugged him again before reluctantly letting go. They were standing in front of the bakery, and she hardly remembered getting there, completely absorbed in Tobin. Right now, he was most important. Everything else seemed minuscule compared to him. If Athena lost him, she lost her world, regardless of King Landgrave, and regardless of the Shadow. She pulled off Tobin's shoes, handing them back to him. His socks were black with dirt.
“Keep them,” Tobin said. “I have another pair at home.” “Are you sure?” Athena asked.
“Once I'm gone, everything I own will be yours.” Athena's eyes widened. She wasn't sure what to say.
Tobin smiled, ruffling her hair. “See you around, Athena.”
“Goodbye,” Athena said. “But this isn't the last goodbye. I'm going to bother you every second until you're gone.”
“And I will be sure to bother you,” Tobin laughed. “See you,” he repeated, and with that, he was gone.
I love you.
As he walked away, Athena felt a string breaking. She couldn't imagine what it would feel like when she said goodbye for the last time. She couldn't bear to think that there would be a last goodbye. Athena watched Tobin until he became a tiny dot in the distance, heading to his farm, going to share the awful news with his family. She felt a sense of impending doom, not being able to push away the thought that once Tobin was gone, he might never come back. These next few days would be hell.
Finally, Athena limped into the house, slouching against the door and taking a deep breath for the first time in a long while. Jermyn scurried over to her, a look of relief on his face. “Athena, where have you been?” he breathed, hugging her tightly. He stared at her disheveled appearance, shaking his head. “What happened?”
Athena ignored his questions. “Do you have any water?” she asked.
It was Laguna who gave her water, holding a cup to her lips. Athena hadn't realized how thirsty she was. The past day had been a whirlwind. It was a never-ending storm.
“Where's Faramond?” Athena asked.
“He went home hours ago. He wants to talk to you, explain more-” “Did he speak the truth?”
“Athena-”
“Did he speak the truth? Did you both know everything?”
Jermyn and Laguna exchanged a look that told Athena everything she needed to know. She stood up, going to seek out Faramond, ignoring her thirst and hunger. Ignoring the pain that shot through her body. Ignoring her absolute exhaustion. Just wanting answers.
Athena burst into Faramond's house.
The drunk looked up, startled. He sat at his kitchen table holding a flask. Athena knew it was water, but she couldn't completely disregard his reputation. She sat across from him, folding her arms. “Talk.”
Faramond smiled.
Am I strong? I'm trying to be. Am I a hero? I'm trying to be. Am I the Guardian of the Kingdom? I don't know. Am I going to be okay?
Someday.

Rise of the Shadow – Chapter 1

“You look like a mess,” Faramond said, taking a swig of his drink. He stroked his goatee for a moment as if contemplating something.
Athena rolled her eyes. “I told you to talk.”
Faramond laughed heartily. Athena wanted to punch him. She wanted to rip his stupid goatee off his chin and slam him into the ground. This was not the time for laughing. Her life was falling to pieces, and she was going mad. The fact that Faramond was making light of everything she was going through was infuriating.
“Talk, or I’ll leave and never come back.” It was a lie, but Athena said it anyway, trying to get the man to stop laughing and look her in the eyes. She leaned in closer, invading his personal space, staring daggers at him.
“Athena, I'm sorry,” Faramond said, becoming serious. “I know how hard this is. I just thought that maybe you'd appreciate some levity. A break from the bad news.”
“You ruined my life, Faramond,” Athena cried, “It's your fault that I'm like this!”
“Don't blame me, Athena,” Faramond said sternly. “You've been falling apart for a long time now. I simply opened your eyes. You're not in the dark anymore.”
“I'm more in the dark than ever! You marched into my house and flipped my entire life upside down. You destroyed me. Do you know what it's like to find out your entire life has been a lie? To find out you've been raised like a pig for slaughter?”
“Slaughter?” Faramond shook his head. “No, you've been raised to be a hero, Athena. You're going to save this kingdom.”
“How do you know I won't be killed?” Athena was shaking. “You don't know.”
“I haven't let you die up to this point, and I'm never going to. I'm your protector.”
“You haven't protected me, you've hid me. Why wait this long? Why wait all these years to tell me about the most important thing in my life?”
“Could you have handled it when you were younger?” Faramond asked. Athena was silent.
“You were a scared little girl when you first came to live with your grandparents. Eventually, you pushed your fear into your subconscious, but it was still there, manifesting itself in your nightmares. If I’d told you of your destiny a long time ago, I don't think you would have survived it.”
“What happened to me being the strongest person you knew?”
“Even the strongest people are still mortal.” Faramond sighed. “Athena, whether you want to be the chosen one or not, fate has already decided it. If you reject your destiny, Galbar falls.”
A stinging pain pulsed through Athena's body. She flinched as if Faramond had hit her. “How can I possibly save the kingdom? I'm just one person. Just a scared, little girl.”
“You're a brave, strong woman,” Faramond tried to assure her. “The Guardian of the Kingdom. A true hero.”
“My best friend was summoned,” Athena whispered, ignoring Faramond's words. “He has less than four days left.”
Faramond gave her a sympathetic look. “You'll save him.”
“What if I can't? I'm afraid that I'll do everything I can, and it won't be enough, that he'll be killed right along with all of the other men. Even thinking of that possibility kills me inside, Faramond.”
“You'll save him,” Faramond said again.
Athena brushed it off, but she could see Faramond was being serious. He was genuine in everything he said. Looking at him, she still saw the town drunk, but there was something else as well. In his eyes, she could see knowledge, wisdom, kindness even. He cared for her, perhaps just as much as Jermyn and Tobin. He cared, despite never having interacted with her until a day ago. Faramond had spent his life watching over her, throwing away who he was in order to protect her. It all still seemed so impossible, but Athena was beginning to feel grateful. She was beginning to believe.
Pain pulled at her again, making her grimace. She stood up from Faramond's table, attempting to limp away. Exhaustion was finally catching up with her, and she felt lightheaded, on the verge of fainting.
Faramond put a steadying hand on Athena's shoulder. “Sleep,” he whispered.
When Athena woke up, it was dark outside. She'd slept the entire day away, without waking up once. No nightmares for the first time ever. Her first thought was relief, but that quickly vanished when she thought of everything that had taken place. She'd wasted a day. Tobin had three days left.
Athena stretched her arms and looked around. Somehow, she had ended up in her own bed, though she had no recollection of arriving there. She was still in her tattered clothing, although someone had cleaned and bandaged her wounds. Sharp pain had turned into a dull throb, and Athena's body was sore as if she'd spent a day hiking. Despite everything, she felt awake. Alert. Refreshed.
Someone knocked on her door softly. She tried to stand up to open it but found her legs practically paralyzed, too comfortable in the bed. “Come in,” she called, though her voice was strained.
Unexpectedly, Laguna was the one who walked in, holding a tray of food. She set it down on the bed and then reached under the nightstand, grabbing a roll of fresh cloth bandages.
“I have your permission to eat in my bedroom?” Athena asked, surprised. 
“You do, for today,” Laguna replied.
“Thank you, Grandmother,” Athena said sincerely.
Laguna just nodded. Suddenly, she yanked one of Athena's legs out from under the covers, causing Athena to yelp in pain. “I need to change your bandages,” Laguna said flatly. She began to unwrap the cloth on Athena's foot, thankfully taking care not to upset the wounds. It was as gentle as Laguna had ever been.
When Athena saw her unwrapped foot, she almost choked on her bread. It was completely red. One big open wound. And she had somehow managed to walk.
“You're a fool,” Laguna tutted, dabbing at the sore with hot water. “Only a fool would go around barefoot.”
“I'm sorry,” Athena said.
Laguna stared at her, and for the first time Athena could remember, there were tears in the woman's eyes.
“Such a fool,” Laguna repeated, and then she hugged her granddaughter, letting her tears fall. Athena hugged her back, forgetting all of the trouble between them, only thinking of this moment, this tiny victory in the past few days of misery. “I love you, Grandmother,” she whispered, and she meant it. She'd always loved her strict, cold grandmother, and now she was finally admitting it. It only took a near-death experience for her to finally say it.
“I love you too, Athena.” Laguna drew away, smiling for a second. Athena would never forget that smile. She'd never forget that moment.
Laguna cleared her throat and continued caring for Athena's wounds, working in silence. Athena knew she'd probably never hear her grandmother say those words again, so she cherished this, smiling, pushing all of her problems to the side. Hadn't she done enough worrying?
“My two favorite people,” Jermyn said, standing in the doorway. “Is this bonding I see?” He laughed.
Laguna rolled her eyes. “I'm tending to this fool's injuries. You sure raised a stupid girl, Jermyn.”
“We raised a wonderful girl,” Jermyn said. “Wonderfully stupid,” Laguna mumbled. Both Athena and Jermyn laughed together. Athena realized that she actually felt good.
She felt happy. Life seemed to be back to normal. Of course, it wouldn't last, but Athena wanted to soak it in. She wanted to bask in this for as long as possible before things erupted again. Before she had to face the evil growing around her.
She spent the next few hours with her grandparents, helping them bake, acting like everything was okay. She didn't talk about Faramond or anything he'd said. Her grandparents already knew. They avoided the topic as well, purposely talking only of light, meaningless things. Athena welcomed the chatter, grateful for a distraction. But every time she looked out the window, she expected to see Tobin. Her time with him was growing short. She wanted to run to him right now, but she knew he was with his own family, spending what little time he had left with them.
Her grandparents were almost abnormally high-spirited. Jermyn was bouncier than usual, more energetic than he'd been in months. Laguna was refraining from saying anything particularly cruel. They were trying their best to make Athena happy, and it was obvious. They laughed and sang, even danced around the kitchen, but the distraction eventually began to wear off.
Athena excused herself, going to sit in her room for a few minutes. She stared at her reflection in the mirror, hardly recognizing herself. Though her hair was combed, falling into soft waves, and her face was clear, scraped of all dirt, she could see the change in her eyes. Her green eyes were usually bright, like summer leaves, but the color was drained, like a dying tree. There was sadness in them, mixed with fear.
If you reject your destiny, Galbar falls. Faramond's words began to echo. The fleeting happiness Athena had felt was already melting away. If she was truly the Guardian of the Kingdom, it was up to her to save Galbar. If she didn't, no one would. If she didn't, the kingdom fell. Everybody she loved would be lost. The Shadow would destroy them all.
I have to do something. Athena thought of all of the men walking to their deaths, and of Edgehill crumbling around her. She could see the crying faces of wives and daughters, their grief so clearly displayed. She could see Tobin, leaving and never coming back, gone forever. If she was the Guardian of the Kingdom, she had to fight. She had to stop the evil before it consumed the kingdom she loved so dearly.
I have to do something. “I'm going to do something,” Athena declared. She tucked her hair behind her ears and stood up. “I'm going to fight.”



The full book of "Rise of the Shadow" can be yours. Click here to find out more.



Rise of the Shadow


About The Author




Almost all children lie to their parents about skipping school, or avoiding homework. Not Thomas Rouxville. At ten years old, he convinced his mother that he absolutely had to stay up until the small hours of the morning, squinting into yet another novel. His English teacher demanded it, he said innocently; the book had to be read by morning. When his outraged guardian stormed the school in protest, it was gently, but firmly, explained that her son’s assignment was not due for weeks. The boy had a reading addiction, and short of barring him from the library, there was little they could do.
By fourteen the obsession ran wild as fire, Rouxville losing himself in fantasy novels and role playing games; entire universes of heroes and dragons, magic and dark villains far more exciting than the endless fields and beaches of Kent. As an adult, with a degree in geography and teaching career under his belt, Rouxville embarked on exploring the fictitious worlds of his own mind’s creation, and has since become known for The Kingdom of Shadows and Chronicles of Suvaria fantasy series. He’s currently working on the new, Oswald Sherman series, and loves to connect with his readers.
Fantastic Fiction




Fantastic Fiction publishes short reads that feature stories in a series of five or more books. Specializing in genres such as Mystery, Thriller, Fantasy and Sci Fi, our novels are exciting and put our readers at the edge of their seats.
Each of our novellas range around 20,000 words each and are perfect for short afternoon reads. Most of the stories published through Fantastic Fiction are escapist fiction and allow readers to indulge in their imagination through well written, powerful and descriptive stories.
Why Fiction?
At Fantastic Fiction, we believe that life doesn’t get much better than kicking back and reading a gripping piece of fiction. We are passionate about supporting independent writers and believe that the world should have access to this incredible works of fiction. Through our store we provide a diverse range of fiction that is sure to satisfy.
