Tales of Draymera Series
El`Domin

Book 1

Copyright 2014 Karen J. Ward
Published by Karen J. Ward at Smashwords
Book Cover Illustration by Tim Ward & Anna Schutze

Smashwords Edition License Notes
This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Table of Contents
Acknowledgements
Prologue
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
About Karen Ward
Other books by Karen Ward
Connect with Karen Ward
Acknowledgements
I dedicate this book to my loving husband, Tim, and all three of my children, James, Kat and Aaron.  Without their support I would not have had the courage to publish this series.  Thank you to my many friends who encouraged me to continue writing for all these years.


Prologue
Many thoughts ran through her mind as she watched the last drops of the night's rain fall to the ground in the dim light of morning. Soon, the warmth of the sun would spread swiftly across the Land, exposing everything to its life giving light. She lay quietly listening for any sound, but nothing reached her ears. Once satisfied, she relaxed her body into a meditative state. Her thoughts became tranquil while she absorbed the energy around her to open her mind's eye. After what seemed like an eternity to her young restless soul, her essence began to float freely leaving her peaceful body. With the ease of air, she moved out of her bedroom window and into the garden where she could see the waking of songbirds in a nest. Sweeping across the grass to the study door, she hesitated for a moment to peer through the window and make sure ‘he’ was not there. If he was, it would only take a fraction of a second before he noticed her. Then, once again, all her careful planning would be for not.

Finding nothing, she flowed in through the open window and to the door that was slightly ajar. Here she could hear the voices of servants in the hall beyond. Casually she used the shadows left by the disappearing night and moved out into the entry hall; then to the front door and out into the courtyard. Checking again to be sure ‘he’ was not watching, she cautiously slid through the open gate just behind the guard that was making his way out to take his post. Once free of the castle walls she took flight with the gentle morning breeze. She flowed over rooftops and the protective wall that ringed the city to her final destination, the lush green forest not far from the sanctuary and safety of the castle she called home.

Floating down to the ground, she gently landed without a trace. Here she felt more in tune with life and all the energy it was made of. The life force of each living thing glowed with its own unique vibrancy. Out of the corner of her eye, she caught the glimpse of a young fox stretching under a bush. Beyond was a clearing with flowers where the light was becoming brighter. She walked calmly to the flowers and squatted to watch the budding of a white Morning Glory as the light touched it. Suddenly she felt a presence not far away. Startled she stood and looked around. A man in woodland clothes stood across the meadow from her staring in her direction. She froze in fear when he started to walk toward her. Panicked she lifted from the ground into flight again. Looking down she saw him standing in the spot she had occupied, his face uplifted, dark eyes watching her ascent.

‘How could this be?’ she thought to herself. ‘All the books said this power was rare. No one had ever noticed before, except Leamox. Only those of the same or greater—Power,’ terror lent speed to her flight. She surged through the gates of the castle oblivious to Leamox detecting her. His warnings of other beings possessing the power ran repeatedly through her thoughts. That was why he strictly forbids her to leave his protection.

She flew to the garden and through her bedroom window into her body where she lay trembled while trying to regain composure of her thoughts. ‘Was he in a disguise? Was he an evil being looking for souls to trap?’ she shook uncontrollably for just thinking about it. ‘No, there wasn’t an evil present. In fact, there was something familiar about him. Like a presence that made her feel warm similar to loving,’ she reasoned with herself. ‘Maybe he took a form that was familiar to my memories to fool me,’ she contemplated. ‘Whatever it was, I’ll not venture out alone for a while,’ she determined with a shiver.

‘Perhaps I should tell Leamox,’ she considered. This thought was appealing until she remembered a time when she had planned to stow away on a wagon that was leaving the courtyard. However, just moments before her escape Leamox walked by giving her a stern look of 'I know what you are planning,' she quickly lost her nerve. ‘No, he will become angry with me for disobeying him and take even more precautions to remove what little freedom I have. I can’t let that happen. My spirit gift is the only way I get to see outside the castle walls,' the thought of his anger made her giggle. Leamox always showed such self-control.

"One should be dignified at all times,” he often scolded. His anger with her would make him lose that self-righteous composure. She could almost see the rage in his eyes. Thinking of him did make her relax a bit. His strong convictions of right and wrong had always been a foothold for her since her parents died so many years ago.

"Teonna, are you awake,” a cheerful voice from the closed door shattered her thoughts, “it’s time to wake for the day.”

"Yes Graffle, I'm up," she replied.

"Hurry then, morning meal is in ten minutes. If you're late, you will clean the kitchen by yourself." Graffle scolded playfully. A groan from beyond the closed door made him chuckle as he walked down the corridors to the kitchen. Helping in the kitchen had always been one of her chores but threatening her with more work when she didn’t get out of bed had become a game she seemed to enjoy, so he would do it from time to time.

Often at the morning meal, she would ask him about his adventures with Leamox when they traveled the lands. Graffle was a loner without family before he met the mystic and they traveled together many years. When the letter came for Leamox instructing him he was now guardian over the children, Graffle believed he would be alone once more. He could have cried when Leamox asked him to live in the castle with them. The years had gone by quickly since, but he would never forget the feeling of being wanted. The children had become as dear to him as if they were his own. He smiled thoughtfully as he stepped into the dining hall. Quietly he paused to observe the hustle of busy servants as they worked. Some stopped long enough to wish him a good day then returned to their appointed duties. Then the aroma of fresh baked bread lured him to the kitchen. There he found Zandia, the head cook, taking a pan of hot loaves out of the furnace. He leaned over her shoulder breathing in the fumes. His mouth watered with desire.

"Fair day to you sire," she said with a bright smile.

"The same I’m sure. I see you have been up long. What is on the calendar for today," he continued as he inhaled the pleasant aroma.

"Fresh pork and eggs this morn' and roast bird at evening. Is there something special you wanted my lord," she smiled sweetly.

"Nothing comes to mind," he stood back expectantly waiting for her to offer him the first slice from a fresh loaf.

"I know, some of these fresh cherry puffs perhaps," she pulled a cloth back to reveal his most treasured tidbits.

"You are out to win my soul for sure dear lady," he sighed heavily and accepted one greedily.

"And it seems you are willing to give it by the way you have rounded since I was employed," she laughed gently, "but I do have a reason to butter you up. You are the head of staff and you did say that you would consider letting my daughter come to work here once she was old enough. Her thirteenth birthday was yesterday and I was wondering if it was time? Here, take another puff while you think about it," she placed another puff in his hand with a hopeful look in her eyes.

"You bribe well and I did say I would have a look at her," he said as he took the last bite and savored its flavor while she watched him nervously. "All right, she may come for an interview. If she looks like she can handle the work, she can start in here helping you and run an occasional errand,” he sighed happily as he finished wiping the crumbs from the corners of his mouth. “Thirteen you say. I believe that is Te's age. This could work out quite well. You may send for her immediately."

"Oh thank you my lord, you won't regret this. I was sure you would agree so--well I--she is already here. She works very hard I hear," Zandia said anxiously.

"So you thought I would say yes. I have become predictable I guess.” Graffle snorted lightly, “All right then, let me look at her." Graffle chuckled. Zandia dashed out of the room and returned shortly with a young girl in ragged clothes. Graffle scratched his chin as he walked around the small girl. She looked up at him with large brown eyes hidden slightly by dark tangled hair. Beneath the dirt patches, he could see fair skin and a pretty face. He stood in front of them pondering for a short time.

"What is your name child?" he asked softly.

"Lissa, my lord." her voice was so soft he almost didn't hear her.

"Well Lissa, do you understand what is expected of you?" Graffle asked trying not to sound too gruff and scare her.

"Yes my lord." she wrung her fingers together so tightly the knuckles were starting to turn white.

"All right then, first a bath and some better clothes, then we will see what we have. I want to see her right after breakfast." he instructed Zandia.

"Yes sire. Thank you Lord Graffle." Zandia replied as she took her daughter's hand and hurried to the servant's quarters. Graffle smiled to himself as he watched them leave. He walked to the dining hall and sat in his usual seat close to the kitchen. Leamox had seated himself at the other end. As usual, he was busy with some papers and old scrolls. These he had purchased from a gypsy the day before.

Graffle looked at his friend fondly and wondered why after almost twenty years; the mystic seemed unchanged in his eyes. Leamox had never been one to indulge in his feelings and never mentioned his family, only miscellaneous memories from school. Graffle had always looked upon himself as a simple but pleasant fellow with a love for food. However, Leamox always had that superior look of refinement and wealth. But Leamox never made Graffle feel inferior. Graffle believed Leamox’s family had connections with the King of the Realm and that is why Leamox was chosen as temporary Ruler and guardian for the children. Graffle realized many years ago that their differences were probably why they had always gotten along so well. Nevertheless, even after all this time, Graffle still found it hard to talk to him when he was busy. At present, Leamox looked worn with concern. ‘He was probably up all night reading again.’ Graffle thought to himself.

"Still can't figure out those tomes?" Graffle said to break the silence.

"No there is something missing." Leamox laid the scroll down and rubbed his weary eyes,” "but there is something else on your mind. Would you like to tell me before I tell you," he leaned forward with his elbows on the table and rested his chin on the back of his hands as he looked at Graffle intently.

“Yes there is something I wanted to talk to you about,” Graffle admitted awkwardly. “Zandia has a daughter that is of age to work here. I was considering putting her on in the kitchens,” Graffle stumbled over the last few words subconsciously.

“You are the Head of Household. It is up to you to decide whom to hire. That is why I asked you to do it. Then I would have time for tasks that are more important.”

"Well the girl is the same age as Te and--I thought possibly she could be a part time companion for her." Graffle shifted in his seat under Leamox's cool expression.

"You thought I might object? On the contrary, my friend, I have been blind to Teonna's needs lately with all the work. I am glad you thought of it. Of course, you may introduce them and if a friendship develops so be it. However, do make sure they know that responsibility comes first. When do you plan on Te meeting her?" Leamox smiled slightly.

"Meet who?" Te entered the room catching only the last sentence of the conversation. She walked to Leamox and kissed him on the cheek. "Fine morn', meet who?" she inquired again.

"You will find out soon enough. Sit and eat, where is your brother," Leamox turned and looked at the door expectantly.

"Krislan said he was far too busy with his studies to be bothered right now. I tried to get him to come but he insisted that I should have his meal brought to him in the study hall," Te replied.

"I see. Don’t worry about it; I will take care of his breakfast. You eat yours little one," Leamox replied with aggravation in his voice. Refusing to eat in his company was one of Krislan's recent attempts to upset their already stressed relationship. To openly cross Leamox was his way of expressing his independence. However, this was not the time. Leamox's patience was at its end. Leamox pushed himself away from the table as he stood.

"I suppose it's time we had another discussion; but this will be the last time," with meaningful intent, he left the room. Te started to follow but Graffle stopped her.

"This is something they need to work out between them. There is nothing you can do." he gently set her back in her seat as tears swelled in her eyes.

"I hate it when they fight like this. I love them both so much," she cried while Graffle did his best to comfort her.

*****************

Anger propelled Leamox’s footsteps as he left the dining hall. This time he would put a stop to that pompous, rude, arrogant, pretentious fledgling. There were too many obligations to be concerned with to be wasting time on different points of opinions twenty times a day. Krislan was nothing more than a spoiled brat whom refused to act his age or accept the responsibility of his station in life. It was past time for Krislan to leave the comfort of his present life and learn the hard knocks of the real world.

Growing Pains

Teonna smiled sadly remembering the events from four years ago. So many things changed since that fateful day. It was the worse argument between Leamox and Krislan she could remember. The result was Krislan leaving. But, on the upside, she did gain a best friend. It all happened so fast she really didn’t give it much thought until lately. It was times like this, when the quiet surrounded her, she felt the desire to reflect on things. Krislan should be the one making this trip. But his location was unknown; to her at least. Leamox was so strict, she couldn’t even fathom he wouldn’t know where Krislan was. Even so, Krislan must not be able to attend or she was sure he would. On the other hand, Leamox was busy with making sure the Western Borders were safe from the increased Elvin attacks and could not attend this year. Thus, the reason she was here. Someone from the royal family had to represent the kingship.

At first, she was excited to go to the Festival. She would be meeting a wide variety of people and see new things. Most of all, there were cute boys to flirt with. She was looking forward to feasts and dances. It all seemed so great, her imagination ran wild. Unfortunately, this trip was completely dull. So far there wasn’t any adventure or charm at all. Captain Willis was very strict with Lissa and her the whole time.

“Don’t talk to anyone. Be invisible.” Willis scolded every time they stopped at an Inn. ‘What a bunch of crap!’ she thought angrily. It had been like hell. Early to rise; ride all day, then early to bed. ‘What? Were they in the army now?’ she hissed in her mind. If she had known it was going to be like this she would have insisted on taking a ship instead and leaving earlier in the month. But no, she wanted to ride horses. ‘What a dumb idea.’ she grumped to herself. Even the Captain’s fascination with Lissa didn’t help much. Tomorrow night they would be in Boxtown and sleep in soft beds. That, at least, would be something to look forward to after spending the past couple of days on the cold hard ground. Te was ready to burst from the frustration.

Thankfully Lissa was able to distract Willis for a while tonight so Te could spend some time meditating alone. Not that she was actually alone, there were guards everywhere, but under the circumstances it was a bit of independence. So, as for tonight, the stars were beautiful and Te could enjoy them with the fire burning bright behind her; unfortunately, the rock she sat on was as cold as ice. Many farmers in the market place said the cold weather would be early this year, however, she didn’t expect it this cold this soon. The days were still warm once the sun was high in the sky. Teonna shook the feelings of disappointment off with a sigh. Despite the cold, she began to let herself drift into the night air. The touch of a hand on her shoulder called her back into herself quickly.

"Milady, did you hear me?" called the strong voice of Tomal, the main hunter for the castle.

"What?" she said softly as she turned to face him. He was like a six foot four bean pole with long hands, feet and face. His long black hair, combined with the black clothes he wore, made him look like a reaper of souls which caused many people to fear him. Actually, she felt he was very nice and very good looking. The other soldiers admired him for his expertise with a longbow. She never witnessed his ability but perhaps she could persuade him to compete in the games at the Festival.

"Mistress?" his voice shattered her thoughts again, "The Captain will return soon."

"Uh--yes." she replied shyly after realizing she had been staring at him blankly. She slid down from the rock and walked back to her tent without looking at him. 'Damn, what an idiot. How embarrassing. I can't believe I did that. I have to get control of my day dreaming,' she thought to herself as she plopped down on her bedroll. It seemed like mere seconds before Lissa came in smiling, her cheeks rosy from the cold air.

"So, what did you do?" Lissa bubbled with enthusiasm.

"Not much. Just sat on a rock and looked at the stars. What about you, like I need to ask." Te replied a little more sarcastically then she meant to.

"Who me?" Lissa blinked her eyes innocently showing she was ignoring Teonna’s mood.

"Don't play games with me; I've known you too long. What happened? Tell me the details or I’ll levitate you until you do." Te poked a finger at her side for emphasis.

"Oh a threat is it? Ok I will but only because you know I hate when you do that." Lissa closed her eyes in thought. After a moment a smile filled her lips as she let the feelings she held in her heart spread through her body. "Well we held hands as we walked into the woods. He was so polite and sweet. We found a small clearing where he spread his cloak out for us to set on. We talked for a while and he told me things about himself." Lissa seemed almost in a dream as she talked.

"Like what?" Teonna asked feeling envious.

"He has always wanted to be a soldier. His ambitious is to become a major before he gets married. He loves his parents very much but the most important thing to him has always been his duty. He has the most beautiful eyes." Lissa sighed, her own eyes filled with starry love.

"Come on, I know you didn't talk about his eyes." Teonna jabbed Lissa again to bring her back from her lovesick state of mind.

"No we talked about mine,” Lissa giggled as she pushed Te’s hand away. “He says I’m the prettiest girl in the castle and he loves me more than anything."

"Really?" Te became consumed by Lissa’s aura of happiness and could almost feel what Lissa felt. It was a wonderful feeling. One that Te had no experience with.

"Then he kissed me so gently you would have thought my lips would break.” Lissa continued. “He told me he wanted to give me all of my hearts desires. Then," she sighed, “we made love. It was so wonderful. Oh Te, I love him so much I could just die." Lissa’s eyes sparkled with a vision of the Captain only she could see.

"Wow that sounds so wonderful," Te said enviously. Boys their age always flirted and paid more attention to Lissa because she was very pretty. Te’ on the other hand, had always looked at herself as being plain and dumpy. The only boy who even expressed interest in her was Baron Darkmoore's eldest son, Chad. Te thought of him as the acne king of the entire known realm. Last year Chad talked her into making out with him in the hay shed during a visit to castle with his father. The whole experience was completely disgusting. He kissed like a slobbering hound. Not that she had ever kissed a dog but the experience completely grossed her out. She made an excuse to leave before anything more could happen.

Te shuttered just thinking about it. Well time changes things and she would have to see how Chad had changed over the last year. Te looked over at Lissa whom had become silent ready to continue their conversation, only to find Lissa fast asleep. Her face shined with the dream she was having. Sadly Te laid her head on the pillow and fell asleep wishing she could know such happiness.

"Good morning ladies, it's time to move. It’s a bit damp out so the morning meal will be cold. Wear you weather wraps so you don't catch a death." Willis said with a smile.

"I hate cheerful people first thing in the morning." Lissa threw her pillow at him. He easily caught it and returned it.

"First thing indeed, I have been up for at least two hours." he chuckled and left so they could prepare to leave.

"Well another day another mile. At least we’ll be sleeping in soft beds tonight." Lissa smiled as she sat on her legs and rolled her bedding into a tight bundle. Te rubbed the sleep from her
eyes then began to copy her.

"What are you so happy about? Oh, let me guess." Teonna giggled.

"Just you be quiet." Lissa smirked.

"Like it’s a secret, you’re always in a good mood after--um--you spend time with him. It’s extremely obvious. Not to mention his mood is a lot better too. I’m sure everyone appreciates it. At least I do." Te replied lowly as they both placed the oil soaked hooded canvas cloaks over their clothes and tucked the bedrolls inside them to go outside. Teonna stopped for just a moment to make sure she picked up everything then left the tent shortly after Lissa.

The sky was gray with rain making the air damp and cold. Tomal brought Te a sandwich of bread, cheese and meat. She gave him her bedroll in exchange still unable to look him in the face. Slowly she walked toward her horse as she gobbled down her breakfast. Once there, her eyes wandered around the camp until they fell on Lissa standing by the gray mare Lissa named Ricketts, because of the animal’s uneven walk. Willis had one arm draped casually over the saddle as they talked. He gently wiped a drop of rain from her cheek and at that moment, Te could see him for what Lissa saw. To everyone he was handsome, a complete gentleman and in every way a perfect example of good breeding. Yet, at this moment all she could see was a young man in love with a young woman. Their auras blended together producing a velvety mauve color meaning true love. Te wondered at the spectacle of it. Leamox told her the true seeing power would become stronger as time passed and it was as wonderful as he had promised.

However, there was something different about Lissa. The color of her aura shifted and fluxed with orange threads. Although curious, Te knew she shouldn’t pry, it could become habit forming. Almost like reading someone's mind without thinking about it. That could cause more problems than you are ready for. Then another thought came to her mind. If someone saw her staring, they would think she was weird or something. Actually staring at people for a long time was weird. Well, she always thought so.

'What if I am weird?' she thought to herself. 'I might be a potential mental case. Oh, that would be just great. Everyone would refer to me as the nut job in Castle Dauphlin.’ she shuttered just thinking about it. ‘Enough of this, I don’t need to be self-analyzing myself. It really is weird to talk to yourself.’ she blinked quickly as another thought settled into her mind. ‘I talk to myself all the time. Damn! I’m a fruitcake, no wonder boys don't like me.' startling her already stressed teenage mind. Tears began to form in her eyes as she turned her attentions away from the two lovers. She faced the saddle and got on using one hand to hide her face deep under the cowl of her hood so no one would see.

Those thoughts along with the cold drizzle depressed her all day as the rain dropped mercilessly. Gusts of wind blew it in their faces as they plodded down the muddy road. Lissa attempted to engage Teonna in a conversation several times but after receiving only short answers, Lissa felt it was best to leave Te alone with her thoughts and wait. Twice the wagons became stuck and it took everyone to free them from the knee-deep mud holes. Before too long they were soaked to the bone and covered in muck. As the gray of the day started to become darker, the first signs of Boxtown came into view ahead. They passed by small farms scattered across the land, most of which were already dark showing the farmers had gone to bed.

Like in most rural towns, the closer to town they came the more frequent the dwellings until they were bunched together with little room to pass between off the main streets. Hooded oil lamps shed some light on each street corner of the cobble street they now trod. Willis led them following this street to an arched entrance in a tall stone wall. The gate lay open with five hooded lamps over its entrance casting their light upon a sign that read 'Horn's Inn' carved in the stone above it. Their hearts were lifted by the prospect of a warm bed and hot meal. The inn itself was huge with several lit windows in two of the three stories and was at least a hundred foot long. Willis dismounted and disappeared through the front door. He reappeared shortly with a boy a couple of years younger than Te and Lissa.

"This is Del," he said in a hoarse voice, "he will help you men take care of the horses. Make sure you bring the trunks in Tomal. Teonna and Lissa, you will come with me." Willis waited for the girls to join him then led them inside. The bright light was blinding when they entered but the warm air felt good as it washed over them. The entry hall opened into a small chamber with a seven foot long counter directly in front of them and a stairway at the left end of the counter that led up. A lit hall was just inside the door on the same side with four doors and windows across from them on the outside wall of the building. This disappeared around the corner at the end of the building. On the right there was a set of swinging doors from which drifted the welcome smell of food as well as the sound of music and laughter. Behind the counter there was a curtain from which a man in his mid to late forties with graying hair stepped out.

He smiled, leaned his head back toward the curtain and called “Lizzy come here.” A moment passed before a woman close to his age appeared from behind the curtain. "Show these folks to number 3 C. Draw a bath for them to take the chill off and be quick about it, there’s still food to serve in the common room." he motioned toward the swinging doors.

"It’s always work with you isn't it?" Lizzy griped.

"None of your lip woman!" he snapped. "Now get these folks settled in and no chit chat or gossip, you hear?" he pushed her rudely around the end of the counter. She motioned them to follow her up the stairs. Te wondered about the heated exchange between the two but their auras didn’t show any sign of real anger. Shoving the incident off as just the way they interacted with each other, she followed silently. They drudged up two flights, followed a hall for about twenty feet then turned right and up more stairs. At the top, there was a platform six foot by ten foot and one oak door in the middle of the wall. Lizzy fiddled with a ring of keys that hung from her waist. The sound of her voice had a hollow sound as she walked in.

"Wait here for a second while I light the way for you. Don't want you folks gettin’ hurt on anything." The darkness was eerie but shortly a light pushed it back to reveal a huge room. As they stepped in, Te could see that it was round. Two steps went down to the center floor from a wide walk that surrounded it on both sides and met at a set of double glass doors across from where they stood. A table with four chairs set next to the wall by the glass door. There were chairs, a pillow couch and a table about knee high in the sunken center. Three doors set along each walk way. "Those are bedrooms there on the left and the ones at each end here on the right. The one in the middle is the lavi. I'll be back in a moment with some more towels and I'll start the bath for you." Lizzy started to head out the door.

"What’s a lavi?" Lissa asked.

"You haven't seen one? Well it's a shame that everyone can't have one. There are few working ones left in the world. This one is in perfect condition. My boy, Sam, is good with his hands and was able to fix all the piping and drains. Come on I'll show you how it works." Lizzy walked quickly to the door that was in the middle and opened it.

The sight was a wonder to behold. There was a small box cabinet just inside the door with a sink in its middle made of shining white porcelain. Two handles set in the top made of brass and ivory, one with a C the other with an H. A spout curved elegantly from between them to hang over the drain. There was a bathtub big enough for two people set within an oak box also made of white porcelain. Just above their heads there was a wooden pole extended from one wall to the other supporting a linen curtain with beautiful pink flowers painted on it that hung in front of the tub. The small window just past the tub had curtains to match. A rose colored carpet on the floor gave a warm feeling to the room. But the most wonderful thing of all was the white porcelain chair with a square back and a round seat that stood on only one huge leg at its very center. The surface was cold and smooth just like sink and tub. "Just press this handle here and the water washes everything down to the sewers by the swamp. No fuss at all. Now if you will pardon me, I'll get more towels." with that said, Lizzy left in a bustle of skirts.

"Is everyone sleeping up here?" Lissa asked.

"No, just Tomal, the officers, you two, and myself; the others have rooms below us. Now I believe one of you should start the baths so we can all have a chance at one tonight." Willis croaked out hoarsely. He showed them how the handles worked to get the water out and then left them alone.

Te took hers first. The water felt so good she never wanted to leave but a bang on the door reminded her that her time was up. Reluctantly she let Lissa enter who gave her a robe to put on. But before Te left, she just had to push that handle on that lavi thing. They both watched entranced when a loud gurgling sound started as water began to swirl inside the seat and disappear down the hole in the center. When it finished swirling, there was a small pool of clear water that settled in the bottom. They giggled lightly. This was divinely new to her. She would definitely have to look this up in Leamox's library when they returned to the castle. She felt refreshed and ready to go again. Then she noticed the others still had the gray mustiness of the weather over them and she felt bad for taking so long.

Sullenly Te stepped into the room she and Lissa would share to change into her clothes. When she came out she noticed that Lissa was already setting on the pillow couch chatting with one of the officers. After Willis, the others were waiting in line for their turn with Tomal waiting until last. As usual, she found him setting apart from the others. Currently he sat at the table by the glass doors cleaning his bow. Slowly she walked over and sat in the chair across the table from him. Te watched him shyly still wondering if he had noticed anything strange about the night before. After what seemed like hours, he began to rub oils into the carved wood. She finally mustered up enough courage to speak to him.

"Aren't you going to take a bath?" she asked only to start the conversation as she took a seat near him at the table.

"A little later, I must finish this first.” He replied calmly. She looked at him quizzically making him smile. “Weapons are only as good as the man using them.” he went on to satisfy her curiosity. “One must always see to them before all else. Treat them with respect and in return, they will serve you well. That is what the elders taught me and for the most part, it has been true." his hand ran down the strange ruins in the wood and he smiled slightly as if remembering something. He lifted his eyes to hers and for the first time she realized they were deep pools of blue.

Before she knew what was happening, her mind's eye entered into his psyche. She saw a small child setting beside a body. Smoke filled the air, voices all around were yelling and there were screams of pain. A rough voice said 'come with me' as the child was pulled away from the carnage. Next she envisioned running through the dark, stumbling, things ripping at his clothes, and most of all the fear. As the fear of death faded, within the darkness she could hear someone calling a name. She pulled herself away from the fleeing boy and concentrated on it. It was louder now; she was almost able to hear it clearly. It was her name! Te realized at that moment what she had done and broke the connection immediately. Her sight came back to those deep blue orbs fixed on hers.

"Teonna!" Willis' hoarse voice growled angrily. Tomal's face was in total bewilderment. They both turned to look at Willis with startled faces. “Teonna what have you done? Our Lord told me to watch you closely. What were you doing?" she looked around embarrassed to see the others in the room were staring at them.

Ashamed, she began to apologize, "I-I'm very sorry. I didn’t--" was all she got out before Tomal interrupted her.

“Captain, don't be upset with the mistress. It was my fault. I saw no need to disturb your bath to ask permission. I was simply helping her with her studies. Our Lord Leamox did tell her to continue with her practice. I’m deeply sorry I caused you any concern but there was no harm done. Please forgive my insolence." Tomal stood in front of Willis at full attention ready to take all blame.

"I see. How often have you assisted her on this trip?" Willis asked still switching his glare from Tomal to her.

"Just this one time sir, please don't blame the mistress; she did nothing. If you wish to punish someone, let it be me. It was my fault entirely. I was not thinking." Tomal stood more rigid then a stone statue.

"That’s not like you Tomal. I’ll talk to you in a moment.” Willis snorted in disbelief. “As for you 'Mistress',” Willis sneered turning his angry glare on her, “I need to speak with you in your room, now!" he said with finality in his tone. Teonna reluctantly followed him, and for almost thirty minutes, set through him lecturing her about all the things Leamox had told him to watch for. This was one of them. "I had considered having our evening meal in the common room but now I don't know if you would be able to restrain yourself. I think the others will have to enjoy it without you and Tomal. For him it isn't a punishment, he doesn't like being around many people anyway.

As for you, I think it will suffice. Tomal will remain as your guard but with strict instructions to avoid ‘assisting’ you in your studies. When we return to the castle I will have to give a report of this to Lord Leamox. I certainly hope there will not be any more incidents that I have to report. Remember you are representing the kingship at the Harvest Festival. It is your time to show the populace that you are ready to represent our Realm as the current Lady. Don’t let our Lord or the people down by acting without thought. I’m willing to admit I don't fully understand these 'studies' as you call them, but our Lord was very concerned about protecting you while you are away from him. Do I make myself clear?"

“Yes." was all she said as she hung her head fighting hard to keep the tears back. He left the room calmly after instructing her to remain there until morning. She closed the door after him and laid her head against it as the tears fell softly down her cheeks. Slowly she changed into her night gown trying to calm her emotions. When Lissa came in to check on her, Te quickly wiped the tears away and pretended to meditate in order to control them. Teonna reassured her that everything was fine and to enjoy herself. Te couldn’t allow Lissa to think Willis had upset her or Lissa would get mad at him and, in turn, he would know that his little talk had affected her. As far as Te was concerned, he didn't deserve the right to that kind of satisfaction.

When she heard the outer door to the room shut and the voices fade down the stairway, she began sobbing and threw herself on the pillow. A hand touching her arm startled her, but she soon relaxed when she found Tomal was setting on the edge of the bed beside her. He said nothing as he gathered her up in his arms and stroked her hair to sooth her as she cried. His arms were strong and warm around her. His heart beat filled her senses as his breath landed softly on the side of her neck. She eased her arms around his neck and whispered in a shaky voice, “I'm sorry.”

"No need to be, I let my guard down. It’s hard to resist those beautiful green eyes of yours." he pulled back just far enough to wipe the tears from her cheek with his thumb. She lifted her face to look into his and he gently kissed her forehead, cheeks and then her lips. It was soft and sweet. Responding to his embrace seemed natural as they lay back on the bed. He moved his caresses to her neck and ever so slowly began to untie her robe.

As if knowing she was a novice, he removed his shirt and placed her palms on his chest. She felt the firmness of his muscles as she explored his upper body with her fingers. He in turn pulled her up enough to slide the shoulders of her garment down her arms. He kissed her as he laid her back then slowly moved his caresses down her neck to her chest. She began to experience desires deep within her that increased with each move he made. Her hormones began to run wild, almost uncontrollable. He seemed to know just where to touch to make her shudder and gasp. All she cared about was the feeling he had stirred in her. As he slid his hand down her body and her leg while kissing her gently. She began to unbuckle his belt when he suddenly stayed her hand and lifted up tilting his head as if to listen.

"Wha--" she began to protest but he placed a finger over her mouth to silence her.

"Damn, someone is coming.” He whispered. “I will come back later if possible." he kissed her so passionately she thought her heart would burst then leaned back and looked into her eyes. "That is, if you want me to." she nodded and he smiled a sideways smile that was his alone, blew her a kiss, then silently slid out the window with his shirt in his hand. Dazed, Te went to the window as she pulled the shoulders of her robe back up her arms but he was gone.

'Was that a dream?’ she thought hesitantly. ‘No, my robe was still open.' came the rational thoughts of her mind confirming the experience. Suddenly she could hear footsteps on the stairs. She quickly dashed toward the bed letting the robe fall to the floor. She jumped on the bed and set in her meditation state just moments before the door to the flat opened to the others talking and joking as they usually did. Willis' voice bellowed out as he called for Tomal. A faint answer came from somewhere outside. Her heart was racing but she made herself breathe slowly to calm it. 'Had it really been that long? It only seemed a short time since they had left.' she thought silently. When Lissa's soft voice came into the room a few minutes later, she pretended to be meditating.

"Te? Are you awake? I brought you a sandwich and some fruit." Lissa asked timidly. Te felt like remaining in this position without responding but a growl from her stomach gave her away.

“I'm starving." Teonna opened her eyes and motioned Lissa to give her the platter. It was heavenly tasting after cold rations and the fruit was fresh.

"Tomal must be very upset. He was kneeling out on the balcony in the rain without his shirt on when we came in. What exactly happen? I was in here changing and missed it." Lissa asked as she nibbled on a piece of fruit.

"Not much really. We were talking and I looked into his eyes, then before I knew it, I was reading his mind." Te smiled at the memory of his blue eyes.

"Oh my Te, you're not supposed to do that." Lissa's eyes were large with surprise.

"I know, I feel bad about it. He is such a private person. Is Willis angry with him? It really wasn’t Tomal’s fault as he claimed." Te bit at her lip feeling a little ashamed.

"I don‘t think so, he even had some food sent up for you two but the waitress returned saying no one answered when she knocked. He became worried and made us all bring our dinner up here. I can see why you didn't answer the door, when you meditate, you are completely oblivious. But why didn't Tomal answer?" Lissa reached for another bit of apple.

"Don't know. Perhaps he was meditating too. You would have to ask him." Te nibbled at her sandwich hating the fact she had to lie to Lissa. She had never kept anything from her before.

"No way, he’s strange sometimes." Lissa wrinkled her nose.

"What do you mean by strange?" Te frowned, feeling offensive.

"Strange in a nice kind of way, you know? He is cute though.” Lissa mused thoughtfully. “So, what did you read in that dark head of his. Some terrible secret I bet." Lissa's eyes lit up with expectation of gossip.

"It's not my place to say. Someone's memories or thoughts are very personal. It was an accident and no one will hear it unless Tomal wishes them to." Te responded testily, her voice was a bit harsher then she meant it to be.

"I was only asking. You didn't have to bite my head off." Lissa pouted.

"I didn't mean it like that. It’s just time for me to face up to what my gift can do to someone’s reputation. If I blab everything I read in people's minds, accidental or not, no one would trust me. How would you like it if I told Willis some of your deepest secrets? Honestly, it’s time for both of us to grow up and realize there will be times we can't tell each other everything like we used to." Te bit her lip not liking her own words no matter how true they were.

"Point taken!" Lissa snapped. She jumped off the bed, put her nightgown on and slid into bed with her back to Teonna. Te sat on the edge of the other side feeling horrible for making Lissa angry at her. No longer hungry, Te placed the platter with the remaining food on the night stand and joined Lissa under the covers of their bed. They remained silent for some time before Lissa turned to Te again. "It was that bad?" Te threw her pillow at her with a laugh.

"Well it's nice to be in a bed for a change. Good night Teonna, sleep well." Lissa turned over and closed her eyes. Suddenly Te remembered Tomal's words. She thought frantically for a way to get Lissa out of the room.

"I thought you would be spending the night with Willis. This is the first night in a bed and all." Te hoped this would be the way.

"No, he says that is too obvious and he doesn't want anyone to think that of me." Lissa yawned sleepily.

"More likely himself." Te said absentmindedly.

"What?" Lissa turned and looked at her.

"Oh nothing, go to sleep. I’m going to meditate out in the lounge area so I won't disturb you." Te put on her robe and walked quietly out into the lounge area of the flat closing the door behind her. No lights burned from behind any of the closed doors and she wasn’t sure which room belonged to Tomal. Frustrated she began to doubt the experience altogether. 'This is insane. It was probably one of those stupid day fantasies of mine again.' she thought as she walked to the double glass doors to look out.

It was still raining but not as hard as before. She pulled her robe close around her and stepped out. The air was wet but didn't seem as cold. She could see the lights of the town sparkle in the darkness. The faint strum of a guitar came from far off in the distance. She concentrated on it for a moment to see if she could pick out the tune when a hand clasped over her mouth to muffle her surprised scream.

"It’s me." came Tomal's quiet voice. "What are you doing out here alone?"

"I just needed some air. Lissa is in the room and she won't be going to spend time with Willis tonight. I didn't think you wanted anyone to know about, you know us,” she felt her face heat up with a blush, “so I was going to your room to tell you that we couldn't meet but I couldn't remember which one was yours." she could barely make out the knowing smirk on his face that caused her to blush even more. Then it dawned on her he had his riding gear on. She opened her mouth pointing at it but he took her hand in his and pulled her to him. He smiled at her gently.

"I was going to tell you the same thing. Willis saw two men in the common room earlier that were acting suspiciously. He wants me to check up on them. They rode out of town a short time ago. It could be a possible ambush. I don’t want anything to happen to you." He rubbed her cheek with the back of his fingers. "I would die to ensure your safety. When we touched minds, I felt something from you I never thought possible. It was like our hearts touched. I have been in love with you since the first time I saw you. I wanted to tell you how I felt but I was afraid you would reject me for not being of noble blood. I know now I was being unfair to you because of my own insecurities. Deep inside I thought I was not good enough for you. It was wrong; please forgive me for thinking so little of you. There is so much to say but I have no time right now. I have always believed that my path led me to you and now I regret not acting sooner. Just remember my love for you and that I want to be with you. That is if you will have me?" He looked at her with those deep blue eyes. Te could see the sincerity in them and feel the beating of his heart.

"You love me? I’m not sure what to say. We hardly know each other." She felt overwhelmed.

"I'll show you any side of me you desire, anything. Just think about it and we’ll talk more in a couple of days. Please don't say anything about this to anyone. I don’t want people to interfere and I believe we should let our own hearts make the choice. Don’t you agree?" He looked at her hopefully.

"I agree so I will remain quiet and think about all you said. You will be gone for two days?" Te’s head was swirling with many thoughts.

"Yes. I have to be extra careful but I will meet up with you again in Richland. That is two days from here." His said sadly.

"Two days then." She wrapped her arms around his neck as he kissed her passionately. He held her tight for a short time then slid from her arms and over the edge of the balcony to disappear like a wraith in the night.

Gray Illness

"Te? Wake up it's time to go.” Lissa’s urgent voice reached through the fog in her mind. “Hey sleepy head, get up before Willis gets his shorts in a bunch." Te rose enough to throw a pillow at her then fell back into the soft mattress. The pillow was thrown back with a giggle. "Come on, I’m serious." When Te rolled to the edge of the bed she realized that Lissa had already packed their bags except her riding clothes and the gown she wore.

“In a bit of a hurry?” Te smiled at Lissa’s enthusiasm.

"Yes, Willis says there’s another storm coming and he wants to be at least 15 miles by midday. It will not start until then he figures. Come on we need to get down to breakfast." Te dressed as quickly as she could then packed her gown. Everyone was waiting in the lounge area except Tomal.

"Take her bags down to the horses Sergeant then join us in the common room. Ladies, after you." Willis motioned them to go ahead of him. Lissa led the way down the stairs to the most savory aroma Te had enjoyed since leaving the castle. No one seemed to notice them entering the room that was already full of voices and laughter. A long bar offered a buffet of food from fresh baked bread to sizzling slabs of bacon and eggs cooked any way desired. They all went through a line with plates in hand and picked what they wanted. The Sergeant joined them before they had all finished with their selections. Most of the tables were occupied but Willis had reserved one earlier for them. There were pitchers of milk and glasses already waiting for them. Te wondered if she should mention something about Tomal's absence when Lissa saved her the trouble.

"Where's Tomal?" she looked around the room for him.

"He had urgent business and will meet with us in Richland." Willis replied calmly. "Now eat, it will be a couple of days before we get to eat like this again and we have a long way to go." His voice cracked more than the night before.

"Are you feeling well Captain?" Te asked concerned.

"I'm fine." he said with a cough.

"Your voice is --" Te started to say.

"It's the moisture. Sometimes causes a sore throat. Finish up we need to leave." he pushed the half full plate away from him and held up his cup to show he wanted hot brew. It was obvious he didn’t want to discuss it. They ate in silence and left within fifteen minutes. Willis was right about the rain. The skies were blue and the air warm until midday. Then the clouds moved in with the same gray drizzle as the night before. It started as a slow drizzle but within two hours a wind started to blow and made it a full storm. Sheets of rain blew at them from all directions from the shifting gusts of air. No one spoke as the group plodded onward. The only sounds to be heard were the wind, the horses' plop-squish as they stepped in the mud and Willis' increasing coughing. By late afternoon Willis rode slumped over and leaned to the side occasionally.

"We need to stop so you can rest Captain." Teonna said concerned.

"No, not yet! We still--cough--have a ways to go." cough-cough was the reply. Te spurred her horse next to Willis and placed her hand on his forehead before he realized what she was doing. He promptly pushed it away.

"You’re as hot as a fire and your skin is clammy. You need rest and some healing spirits. We are camping up ahead." Willis tried to protest but Te instructed the others he was talking crazy and needed rest. Considering the circumstances they agreed with her. She set to work immediately on a fire to brew the spirits while the others set up a camp. Unfortunately, the wood in the area was soaked making a fire impossible. When she checked on Willis she found he was becoming very listless. She retrieved her pack and instructed the men to help him into the tent. Lissa followed close behind. Teonna set next to him rummaging through her backpack for something.

"What are you looking for?" Lissa asked.

"Never travel without your alchemy bowl." Te replied as she withdrew a shiny silver bowl about the size of a quart pan with ancient runes carved into the outside but smooth inside. Te smiled at it with pride on her face. It had been in her family since before the new beginning over a thousand years ago. Usually the next heir to the throne would get it but her brother showed little interest or talent in alchemy, therefore, Leamox decided to give it to Teonna. He said she showed great promise toward being one of the most powerful healers in history.

Willis' cough had become more frequent and deeper. She knew she could not wait any longer for a fire or wet lung would set in and he could die before they reached the next town. She gently placed the bowl on the ground next to her then pulled out a rolled cloth held together by a leather thong that braided around the length of it to keep it closed. She rolled it out carefully. Inside there were many pouches embroidered with the names of the herbs or minerals within them. Teonna placed the bowl in the middle of these pouches and began to chant in an ancient language.

She selected herbs and dropped them into the bowl as she spoke while waving her free hand over and around it in a smooth pattern. The runes began to glow red as she went on. She poured a small amount of water into it and stirred it with her fingers in a figure eight never stopping the chanting rhythm.

Beads of perspiration ran down her face but she seemed not to notice. The glowing bowl now rose up in the air as if suspended on invisible strings. Te placed her hand a few inches under it and spoke the word of command for flame. From her cupped hand sprang a blue flame that licked at the bottom of the silver bowl, which began to boil slowly. The fumes were almost more than Lissa could handle but she could not tear herself away from her beloved’s side. This all seemed to take an eternity then finally Teonna stopped and the glowing bowl settled in her cupped hand as the flames died away. She leaned over to pour the mixture into Willis' mouth when Lissa grabbed her arm.

"It's still hot, you'll burn him." she pleaded.

"No it's not." Te took Lissa’s hand off her arm and placed the tips of her fingers in the greenish solution. It was warm but not hot. Lissa set back and allowed Teonna to administer the medicine. Willis was barely coherent but managed to swallow all of it.

"He'll sleep now. We’ll know in the morning if it helped or not. Try to get some rest; I'll set up with him for a while." Lissa didn’t argue; she lay down beside him with her arm over his chest. He had stopped coughing and his breathing was even. Teonna put her alchemy kit away and lit a candle so she could read. She stayed up as long as she could before putting her hand on his forehead, he was cool again and his breathing was still normal. It was working fine. She unrolled her bedroll and slid between the covers. Exhaustion claimed her as she slipped into a deep sleep. Despite the sound of the rain outside or all that had happened during the day no dreams came to her. She woke up to a hand shaking her.

“Miss we need to get on the road. It will be light soon. How’s the Captain?" one of the officers said as he looked at Captain Willis with concern.

"I think he'll be fine but I need to make more medicine before leaving." he nodded and left the tent. She repeated the ceremony, as done the night before, systematically, motion by motion. Then she woke up Willis and Lissa. His color was much better but the cough had returned.

"As I thought, you need more medicine. Now drink this." he didn’t offer any resistance. "Are you feeling better, you look better. We will have to take it slow for a while. You will be drowsy so if you need to stop just tell us. It's no proble--"

"Miss I’ll be just fine. Now if you’ll kindly get out of the way we can get going." Willis handed her back the bowl and pushed his way out of the tent.

"Grumpy asshole!" Teonna exclaimed after the tent flap fell.

"Te! That is not nice." Lissa's mouth was open.

"I know but I don't feel I deserved that either. He probably thinks he did it all on his own. He’s definitely the type who wouldn't admit he could die from a little croup, let alone admit a mere girl saved his worthless life." Teonna snapped angrily then looked at Lissa and saw her harsh words had gone deep into the wrong person. Tears were running down Lissa’s face and the look in her eyes was a mixture of disbelief and shock.

"I’m sorry Lissa. I didn't mean it. He just has a way of getting to me, you know." Te tried to be sincere.

"I love him. It tears me apart when you two fight. You are my best friend. Neither of you should act like that." Tears continued to roll down Lissa’s face and onto her blouse. All Te could do was hug her and that was when she could feel what was different about Lissa. Willis bellowed from outside to get a move on, his voice still a little hoarse. Teonna’s temper flared again.

"Can it you jerk!" Te yelled back not thinking. She knew it was the wrong thing to say but she couldn’t take his attitude anymore. He responded exactly as she knew he would. The flap of the tent flew open as he stormed in, his face red with anger. Lissa pushed away from Teonna as soon as he opened the flap. She sat with her head turned so he couldn’t see her face completely.

"What did you say?" he steamed.

"I called you a jerk. Close the flap, we need to talk." he glared at her in disbelief. "Please," she said calmly, "it won't take very long." he let the flap fall behind him but she could still see the anger in his eyes.

“Do you love Lissa? I mean really love her." she blurted out without knowing what to start with.

"I don't see what that has to do with you mouthing off to me in front of my men." he spit out hotly.

"Allot more than you might think. Do you love her?" Te kept her eyes on his to show him she wouldn’t back down. He looked over at Lissa and realized she was crying. He went to her immediately, kissing her cheeks and hands as he held her close.

"I love you more than anything. I’ve told you that. Is that what this is all about?" he looked at Teonna for an answer to his confusion.

"Part of it but mostly it is about the fact that she loves us both and we are continually tearing her apart by arguing. You and I need to come to a truce. She can't take much more of this, especially now." Te looked at him pleadingly now that she had his attention.

"What do you mean especially now? What’s wrong with her?" he looked at Te strangely.

"Nothing critical but I think she should tell you herself." Te looked at Lissa.

"Te, what are you talking about? There is nothing for me to tell him." Lissa looked at her confused.

"Don't pretend with me. Tell him about why you have been able to beat me getting up through this whole trip when usually I have to drag you out of bed. In fact, if we ask the morning watch, you have been up before everyone and go off by yourself first thing. Could it be to have privacy? Stop me if I am wrong." Te said knowingly. When no answer came Willis stared at Teonna with even more confusion. "Ok, how about the fact that you get upset over the smallest things lately. Your appetite has not been good either. You also seem a lot more nervous especially around him. My true sight has been developing rapidly and I can see things about you that used to be concealed from me before." Te replied smugly.

"Oh god, you do know. I never could keep things from you for long." Lissa bit her lip and looked at Willis more scared then she had ever been in her whole life. She knew this could break the love they had for each other. "I didn't mean for this to happen like this. I’m sorry I don’t want to upset you but there is nothing I can do about it now." her eyes pleaded with him for understanding.

"What are you getting at?" Willis said confused then a thought hit him. "It's another man isn't it? You have fallen in love with someone else. I understand. I haven’t been very receptive to your needs lately." Tears of frustration filled his eyes as his heart started to break.

"No! That's not it. I told you how much I love you and I want to be with you. I’m going to have your child. I’m pregnant." Lissa blurted out quickly her own eyes filled with tears.

"You're preg--" his mouth dropped open in the middle of the word. "Are you sure? I was trying to take all the precautions."

"I guess even though we were careful we can't stop some things. You’re not mad are you?" she asked concerned.

"Heavens no, I could never be mad at you." he replied lovingly. He pulled her close and kissed her deeply. Te was beginning to feel like a third leg which meant it was time for her to vacate and let them work this out between them. She quietly slid out of the tent flap. Sergeants Senvo and Mayques were looking at the tent questioningly.

"It'll be a moment." Te smiled embarrassed. 'What a mess.' she thought to herself. 'I wish Tomal was here. At least I would have someone to talk to.' They weren’t in there very long and they definitely looked happy. Willis approached Teonna and took her hand.

"I’m sorry I was such a jerk, as you put it. Thank you for helping me last night. My judgment was clouded and I can see now that I was wrong about you and many other things. We can talk more about our problems with each other tonight. We need to get a move on if we plan to reach Richland at a decent hour." he started to walk away then turned back to her, "By the way we've decided to get married at the Festival. I hope you will attend." he smiled as he glanced at Lissa.

"Of course I will." Te hugged him and then Lissa.

"Well we can make merriment later. We have to go. Lissa, you ride on a wagon today." she looked at him blankly but walked over to a wagon to obey his wishes.

"Can I make a suggestion?" Te said meekly.

"Yes, what is it?" Willis frowned thinking it to be another delay.

"Well in one of the books in the library there is a section on forced marches." Te started.

"What does that have to do with us?" Willis frowned.

"It showed a way to utilize horse power when dealing with wagons. These wagons are mostly empty so if we had the four guards put their saddles inside, tie their horses to the back, then ride the ones pulling, there would be less strain on the animals being led because they aren't carrying anything. When we stop for a rest we change them with the ones pulling and tie those to the back giving them a break from the strain of pulling. Therefore, we don’t have to rest as long. Does that make sense?"

"Yes it does and a good idea. Where did you learn this?" Willis asked intrigued.

"Unfortunately for me it's part of my schooling, Military Strategies." Te tried to grin but knew it was not convincing.

"We'll try it." Willis instructed the guards what to do then turned to face Teonna just as she started to get on her horse.

“You also Mistress. You’ll need to ride in a wagon too. That will give us two more fresh animals." Willis helped Teonna onto one wagon and Lissa on the other. They started down the road to Richland a little behind Willis' schedule, but were making good time using Teonna’s suggestion.

Slavers
As the sky darkened, Captain Willis sent Sergeant Senvo on ahead to let Tomal know they would be a couple of hours late. Willis' cough had returned but Te knew she couldn’t do anything about it until they stopped for the night. The cloudy sky had stayed with them all day but fortunately it didn’t rain much. The men began to joke with each other in the anticipation of being in a town soon. The roughest part of their journey was over. There were small hamlets and villages within a day ride of each other the rest of the way on the other side of Richland.

Teonna looked around as they plodded along. The fragrance of wet wood drifted on the air as they entered a forest area. A feeling of calm surrounded everything as a light fog began to settle from the cooler air of dusk. Here the road narrowed from the plant life trying to regain the ground they traveled on. The movement of the wagon began to lull Te to sleep, so she leaned back closing her eyes. She thought about Tomal and the sweetness of his kiss. She wondered if they could ever be as happy as Lissa and Willis.

A scream from ahead shattered her dream like state. The fog had become very thick making it hard to see. The wagon stopped and she heard what sounded like metal on metal, a man's gasp of agony and Willis' voice yelling commands, 'Take her--Go--Run!' Simultaneously one guard in front of her and the driver beside her both yelped as arrows hit them from the misty air around them.

The guard in front fell from his horse as another arrow hit him in the neck. Someone was fighting with the other guard at the front of the wagon. Teonna reached for the unconscious driver but he was yanked out of his seat by a man with a red beard. He grinned at her with missing teeth as he climbed on the wagon. Te kicked him in the face knocking him back to the ground. Suddenly her head was yanked back hard by her hair and she almost toppled over backwards. She twisted around ready to fight whomever was holding on to her long braid. She swung but he grabbed her arm and hauled her in front of him on his horse. He started to take off with her when he threw his hands up in the air and fell off the back of his horse. She pushed herself off the bolting horse and landed in the mud on her butt.

Another horseman was approaching fast. She stood up to run and heard Willis' familiar voice yell “Grab me!” She waited for him to get to her and swung up as he lifted her on behind him. He spurred the animal hard and it jumped forward in response. A dark shape sprang out of the darkness hitting their horse in the side. It slipped in the mud and fell to its knees sending both flying through the air. Once again, Te found herself in the mud. She looked around for Willis. He was getting up slowly as the man in dark clothes jumped off the beast that had hit them and advanced on Willis with his sword drawn.

"Teonna run!" Willis yelled as he drew his sword. She got to her feet, her body ached from the falls, but she made herself run. Another voice from behind shouted “Get her!” She didn’t need to hear more as fear took over her heart and she rushed into the forest. By this time she realized what these men were 'Slavers!’ The clash of steel echoed behind her, Willis was going to try to hold them off so she could escape. She realized he didn’t stop them all when she heard the crashing of running feet from those that pursued her. She had only gone a short distance before the fog was completely gone. She was sure now that it was the magic of a mage that had caused it. ‘Run for your life!’ Was all she could focus on. She moved her legs as hard as she could but she never was very fast. She stumbled on fallen limbs and tree roots in the dimming light but she refused to give up. Unfortunately they didn’t seem to be having as much trouble as she was. She could still hear them gaining on her.

"There, just ahead." She heard one say. Her concentration broken, she fell again but this time she knew they were too close so she would have to fight. Te reached for the closest thing, the very branch she had tripped over and swung wildly as she scrambled to her feet. She hit the first man square in the face so hard it broke the top quarter of her branch. He went down without a sound. The next she jabbed the end into his stomach then hit him as hard as she could behind the head as he doubled over. He fell down as silently as the first. She saw two more advancing slower now that they could see she had a weapon to use against them.

Suddenly she felt strange as if something was preventing her from moving her limbs. She realized it was a mage or witch. With all her strength she resisted, using her psyche to fight it off. Frantically she focused on the center point that was holding her and pushed with her mind. A scream sounded out from her assault and she was free. The two in front of her stopped in their tracks as if something halted them.

Then she felt a sharp pain on her temple knocking her senseless. It throbbed increasingly as she placed her hand over it. Her face became warm from fluid that ran down the side of her face slowly. She looked at her hand and realized the wetness was blood. She felt sick to her stomach for a moment, almost to the point of passing out but she made herself stay aware of her surroundings. She swayed slightly still holding the stick in front of her for protection.

Strong arms from behind grabbed her pinning her limbs to her sides and causing her to drop her weapon. She thrashed her legs violently around trying to knock her assailant off balance but he was tall enough it did no good. His labored breathing hit her almost on top of the head. She tried to scream but a large hand muffled her voice. The other two came forward to bind her kicking feet and then her hands before they put a gag in her mouth.

"Is she harmed?" came a voice from in the darkness to the side.

"Not much. Manny didn't get too rough with her." One man laughed.

"Good! The other one got away with one of the guards. I don't know who this girl is but she must be worth something for all the trouble that one back there went through to protect her. You two, round up the loose horses." the obvious leader ordered.

"The nights will be a lot warmer with this one to keep us entertained." The one she believed was Manny said. His breath was rancid as rotten meat. She shivered at the thought of what he meant by that.

"Don't even think about it Manny. She's not for the likes of you. She’s worth more untouched. You can wait till we reach Knife Clef and get you a whore. I'll pay for it myself if that will make you happy.” the leader scolded hotly. “We don't have time for this. The rain will help slow any pursuit for a while but not long enough if we keep jabbering. Give her to me and get a move on helping the others." the leader said it with such force she knew he was either impatient or angry. She could barely see his outline in the darkness as he came closer and saw he wasn’t much taller than her. Manny grumbled as he pushed her toward the dark figure. She would have fallen but the other leader stepped forward quickly to catch her.

"Mindless pig!" the leader hissed lowly more to himself then her. He cradled her in his arms then lifted her face up as if to inspect it. His fingers gently wiped at the blood that had trickled down her face. She couldn’t make out his features so what was he looking at? She closed her eyes in confusion. ‘How could this happen so far within the realm? How could this happen at all? I have to think positive.’ She told herself trying to calm herself away from tears of fear. 'If they think I’m scared it will get worse. Tomal is the best tracker at Castle Dauphlin, in the whole realm for that matter. He could track a buck through a blizzard if need be. Oh God I need him now!' She trembled for just a moment as fear filled her heart before she could push it back again.

She was so caught up in her own thoughts she didn't even notice her captor had carried her from the place she was captured and was now on the back of his horse. He reached down abruptly and lifted her up in front of him as he urged his horse forward. Soon they came to the road which they followed at a quick pace. She couldn’t tell which way they were going but it didn’t matter anyway, nothing would stop Tomal from tracking them. She listened for any sound or mention of Willis but heard nothing.

They turned into the forest as the rain started again making everything seem worse. She shivered slightly as the drops hit her on the head. He pulled his cloak off and placed it around her. She didn't care how nice he tried to act. He was still scum and when she was rescued he would pay for what he did to the others. He stopped the horse in a clearing and slid off only to stand there waiting. She could only assume for the others. They soon arrived with the horses that had been left and she could barely make out two large box shapes strapped to one of the horses that she was sure were her trunks. He casually sprang behind her and motioned for them to follow as he led the way deeper into the forest.

The rain beat down on them hard but they seemed not to notice as they worked their way through the underbrush of the forest. It was slow going for most of the night. She was so tired from traveling all day that she almost fell off once. He grabbed her just in time and she was jerked awake. "We can't have you getting hurt now. I'll have to tie you to me with my belt so remember; if you fall, I'll be right there with you." He cooed softly into her ear and did so without hesitation. They didn't stop until dawn when they came to a river. It was swollen from the rain and debris floated in its swift waters, which would make it difficult to cross. He turned and led the way up river trying to find a shallow place. He finally picked one and urged his animal to go in.

The horse balked several times then jumped in lunging them forward. He managed to keep both of them on its back as it swam across. He used his sword to push away any large debris that could have been a problem. Once on the other side he motioned for the others to follow. They came as quickly as they could persuade their own animals to cooperate. Unfortunately for one man, his horse wasn't a good swimmer. It bobbed in and out of the water fighting the current that was pushing it down river. The others tried to rescue him by throwing a rope to him but he missed it and was too far away for another attempt.

After a short time and a lot of exertion they both slipped under the swirling surface of the water when it became deeper and disappeared. Te buried her face in her captor's chest as a tear fell down her check. Regardless of who that man was, it was horrible and she couldn't stand to look. Many of them watched down river to see if maybe he had survived until the leader yelled at them. "Come on you fools, he's gone. We can't help him now. We're not out of tracking range yet. We've got to clear the foothills and get to the mountains before we can relax. Now move out!" Reluctantly the others moved slowly from the river's edge and reluctantly left it behind as they rode into the forest. There were only four of them left now.

Te couldn't understand how these men could have such disrespect for life and feel no remorse over what they did to her friends yet try so hard to save that one man. It made no sense. She could only imagine what drove people to do this sort of thing. As it became lighter she could make out their faces. Dirty bearded mugs that joked about killing and robbing the innocent victims caught in their path. All except the man she rode with. He said nothing to them unless he gave an order. His voice and speech weren't as harsh as theirs. He seemed more refined and probably educated.

She didn't get a good look at him until they stopped to rest the horses. He pulled her down from the horse and walked her over to a tree. He had short brown hair and enchanting dark brown eyes. His face was oval shaped with no wrinkles and no beard, which made him look fairly young. High cheekbones and an average nose added to his looks. Cleaned up he might be considered rather handsome. Under the circumstances she felt he was as ugly as the others. He was a scrupulous murderer. She could tell by the way he carried himself he considered all those he caught weaklings. 'Well he won't think that of me,' she thought to herself, 'first chance I get I'm going to get away and I'll see him hang for what he did.'

It was hard to think about Willis and the others who gave their lives for her. It was all in vain because she was caught anyway. She felt like screaming but what good would that do? All she could do was cry in silence. In her heart, she felt it was her fault. She should’ve been more aware then she would’ve known the fog was a trap. She felt a tear run down her cheek and she tucked her face closer to the tree that he was tying her to.

"I'll wager you're probably starved by now." she heard his soft voice as he came back around the tree to stand in front of her. She moved to avoid him seeing her tears but it was too late. “You’re upset, I understand. You will feel that way for a while but after you get to know your owner things will be all right. Not all people adjust, but if you’re smart, and I can tell you know how to handle yourself, you’ll make the best of it. Now would you like to eat?" he said calmly and wiped the tears from her cheeks with his thumb. He lifted her face by her chin, turning it from side to side, "If you’re really good, maybe I’ll keep you as part of my cut then you won't have to deal with a stranger. How would you like that?" she kicked at him vainly as he easily moved out of the way without much effort. He chuckled lightly, "Spirit! I like that in my women. I’ll definitely have to consider it. Now if you promise to behave, I’ll take out the gag." By this time her mouth was sore and dry. What else could she do, she was quite hungry and starving herself would accomplish nothing. She nodded to reply. He hesitated at first and looked at her with a sideways grin then kneeled down and removed the gag.

"You're probably thirsty by now too. Let me help you with the canteen seeing as you are unable to hold it yourself." he said a little too smoothly for her taste. She took the water gladly but ruled out any food, she still didn't trust him. He was a little too pleased by her response and the last thing she wanted him to think was that she needed him. The problem was she did need him to protect her from the others who would have raped her by now. He offered her some food but she shook her head. His smile faded quickly.

"You really should eat. It won't do you or me any good if you’re too weak to stand. I understand it isn't easy to lose friends. Was he your lover or just a gallant warrior out to win the hand of a maiden?" He gave a snide flat laugh. The anger inside her exploded before she could stop herself.

"Neither and it’s none of your business!" she bit her lip knowing she had made a mistake. He eyed her in surprise at her outburst. "Actually he didn't like me much at all. You killed him then?" her voice was full of contempt.

"You do have a tongue and a lovely voice to go along with it. Well it doesn't matter if he didn't like you. But I don't know many men who would fight like that for someone they didn't like." he scoffed at her as he wrapped the food offering in a cloth.

"Of course you don't know anyone like him. Look at the company you keep, all thieves and murderers. All of you should be hung. I suppose you would blame it on your upbringing?" She spit out with all the venom she felt in her heart. He raised the back of his hand to slap her then stopped himself.

"If I wasn't a gentleman, you would be a play toy for the others. Just remember I can change my mind!" he closed the canteen as he stood and yelled "Mount up!" The others did so without question. He untied her and put her on the horse quickly but avoided looking at her. They rode in silence for a while until he was compelled to talk more.

"Not that it matters much, you won't be in my company for long, but what is your name? As for me, I’m Jackson Walker. Those who have the pleasure of knowing me call me Jacks. Now it’s your turn." It was more of an order then a request. No sense in being too rude and perhaps she could get some information from him that could be useful.

"It’s Te." she replied slowly. She paused for a moment contemplating whether to ask the one thing she really wanted to know.

“Ah, yes I remember now. He called you Teonna right before he tried to stop me.” Jacks chuckled lightly.

"You never did answer my question; did you kill that young man?" Her heart beat erratically waiting on his reply. What she couldn’t see was the smirk on his face.

"What does it matter if he didn't like you?" his voice was a bit snide.

"He was engaged to the other girl, who is a very close friend and for the record I’m glad she got away! The likes of you would have scared her to death. She’s very fragile and gets sick easily, always whining and complaining. You wouldn't have wanted her anyway." Te spit out knowing she said too much.

"I see. Spent a lot of years in her service? Well regardless of her whining, her looks would have brought a pretty penny at the slave sales in Tempist. You will too as long as you remain a virgin, that is unless I’m mistaken, and I’m usually correct. So tell me, where does your whinny friend live? I could drop in on her and let her know how you feel about her. How would you like that?” he chuckled darkly when her body stiffened at that remark. A few minutes of silence passed before he blessed her with more of his snide remarks.

“Tell me what does a girl like you want? What makes you happy? Hmm…let me guess; parties and pretty things? Be honest now I’m just a simple man who doesn't understand the fancy things in life, seeing as I was raised in a gutter." he said with sarcasm not waiting for her to reply he went on. "You see my dear; I've had to steel most my life to survive. I don't use it as an excuse mind you; it's simply my lot in life. Just like a mortician, no one wants to know him either but he plays a crucial part in life. I believe my part is just as important. What would there be to fear if there weren't men like me just waiting to jump on precious young girls? Of course I had dreams of my own when I was much younger but the hard knocks of life have taught me this is the way it is. I needed to accept it to survive. Therefore, I have conformed to the scheme of things as it were. But then every once in a while I meet someone who interests me, like you." his voice sounded remorseful in her ear. She thought for a moment thinking maybe he was remorseful but the more she thought the more she remembered the poor soldiers who had died to protect her and the angrier she got.

"You want to know what I like. I will tell you, being alone!” he didn’t say anything so she continued before he could. “Have you ever been in a room full of people and still feel like you’re the only one there or just plain invisible? No one notices me most the time. That’s the way it is for me. I’ve always felt like I should be like other girls and dream of a prince charming or gallant warrior to rescue me from my dull life, but it isn't real. I prefer to be alone. So you could say that is my lot in life.” she lowered her chin slightly taking a deep breath waiting for some kind of smart remark but he didn’t say anything. “But if you really want to know, what interests me right now. I want to know if you killed that young man or not. Also what happened to the mage? None of you look like a magic user. You answer my questions and maybe I will answer yours." she hissed scornfully expecting an answer. When none came she snorted lightly and turned to look into the trees. Some time passed before he spoke again.

"I get it, you’re not happy with your life at the moment. Or on the other hand you could be lying to see if I’ll give you information. So you could be challenging me to a test of wills. If so, you’re very smart for a servant. I believe she educated you as well and used you as a companion. Are you sure you want to have a test of wills? In your position I mean? It seems to me you would be a little more fearful of what I could do to you if you lose. Doesn't it bother you that I could take you at any time and no one would stop me? Don't you fear for your life at all? Not wise little girl, you could lose more then you bargain for." his voice was filled with confidence and that alone was scaring her but she wouldn't give up.

"What about you? What do you have to lose? Would it make this rabble distrust your judgment if you were to give into a prisoner? How would they react I wonder? Tell me who would be the boss then? They could all choose to kill you at any time and take everything. There would be nothing you could do because you would be dead." her voice was full of venom. He remained silent. She felt she got her point across for now so refrained from saying more.

"I don't know." he finally said after a while.

"You don't know what?" she said more calmly having let her mind wander to other thoughts to occupy the time.

"If he died or not; that young man I mean. I know I hit him a couple of times really good but nothing that I thought would kill him. He slipped away from me in the fog. As for the mage, well I found him with blood running out of his eyes and nose as if his brain had exploded. You didn't have anything to do with that, did you?" he leaned around slightly to look at her face for a reaction. She frowned at him and wrinkled her nose.

"I don't know what you’re talking about. I don't know of such things. It was merely a guess. Think about it, if I did, you wouldn’t have me now." A partial lie because she wasn’t exactly sure if she had done it. But she knew better than to let him know about her abilities or who she was. It was actually kind of fun jabbing back and forth with him but she also knew she needed to be careful; he was a ruthless killer as far as she knew.

"Seriously, a guess? Damn good guess for someone who claims not to know of such things, and considering he was killed by who knows what. I’ve never seen anything like it. Wait a minute. How did you know about the mage anyway?" he narrowed his eyes at her suspiciously.

"There was one close by to where I lived. He used to tell stories and do some tricks. He told a story once about a fog that made people fall asleep so I put the facts together. It only seemed logical." she said with as much earnest as she could.

"All right I’ll buy your story. As I said, you are a smart girl.” he was quiet for a moment then leaned in close to her ear and whispered. “I won't pull any punches with you. This was a special job. Half was paid for in advance the rest upon delivery. If you are especially nice, I will consider keeping you and maybe you won't end up some elf's whore. You should think about it, I’m not as bad as you might think. My father took great pains to make sure I had the best education and was raised with manners so I could pass as a gentleman. You wouldn't believe some of the places I’ve been in because I was able to fool them." he chuckled light heartedly. But his amusement with himself was short lived. Without warning, one man not too far behind them fell to the ground with an arrow sticking out the back of his head. Another screamed out in pain from the arrow that pinned his leg to his saddle.

"What the hell!" Jacks yelled as he spurred his horse hard. It sprang forward in response.

"Tomal!" Te screamed in desperation.

"A friend of yours? Well he will pay for that one way or another." Jacks sneered at her with contempt. They raced through the forest as fast as the horses could maneuver through the trees. She thought about lunging off to escape but was too afraid of the speed at which they were going. Jacks wrapped an arm around her waist and pulled her close to him as if he had read her mind.

"You won’t get away from him; he can track a buck through a blizzard and shoot the eye out of a bird at a hundred paces. He'll kill all of you like you did those soldiers. If you’re smart, you’ll let me go now and then he won't hunt you down like dogs." she cried and squirmed to loosen his grip on her.

"Don't be ridicules. You’re worth too much gold to just give up that easily. I still have some tricks of my own." They rode hard for the rest of the day until they started into the foothills of the mountains. He led the way through the winding paths to a cave that was big enough for the horses to go right into without dismounting.

Jacks slid her off with him and set her next to the cave wall then assisted in helping the wounded man get free from the saddle by cutting the embedded head off of the arrow off. They made a bed for him next to a small pool. The large man held him while Jacks yanked the arrow shaft from his leg. The injured man howled in pain. Jacks walked back over to where he had left her. She set with her face next to the wall letting the tears roll down her cheeks freely. He stood in front of her defiantly.

"Now we’ll see if your friend can stand up to the night. I’ll leave you in Manny's care and will be back soon." he looked at her for a response as he slipped his leather gloves on. She shuttered slightly as she sobbed. He sighed and kneeled down close to her. He jerked on her bonds as if making sure they were still secure. He gently moved her hair so he could look into her eyes as he whispered.

"Does this one mean something to you? If so, for you, I won't kill him. Just slow him down a bit. You don't have to say anything; all I ask is a kiss. Close your eyes and pretend it’s him and I’ll know." She looked at him unsure if he was being truthful. The look in his dark eyes seemed sincere. She closed her eyes and thought about the night Tomal had come to her in her room at the Inn. She kissed him with all the passion she had felt that night. Her lip quivered slightly as he pulled away from her.

"I thought so." he walked slowly toward the exit and stopped by Manny with a scowl on his face. "Watch her. If she is harmed in anyway when I return I will cut your balls off and shove them down your throat. You understand me?" The big man nodded with a frown. Jacks looked back at her once more then lowered his head as he walked out into the darkness. He left without his horse or any other gear except the sword that was secured at his waist. Te watched the darkening cave mouth for a while then decided there was nothing she could do but wait. She turned her attentions to the other two men left there. Manny had just got the fire to blaze brightly and the other lay on his bed moaning. He was in a lot of pain obviously. Finally she couldn't take it any longer.

"Hey you, in that pack there are some healing salves. You should look for them for your friend." She nodded her chin at her own pack.

"What you care bout im for? You wanna see im hang." The big man frowned at her.

"I wouldn't let a wounded animal suffer either. Just make him stop moaning it’s annoying." she tried to sound sarcastic but her voice was still a little shaky. He stood up and lumbered over to the pack. Of course he found the silver antique bowl. He fiddled with it for a bit grinning like a child with a new toy. Then he pulled out the cloth that had the herbs in it.

"Not that! There’s a bottle with a black cap on it. That’s what you’re looking for. There are some bandages too." After some effort Manny finally found the right vial and the bandages. She was almost ready to scream at his stupidity. She leaned back against the cave wall watching the large man fumble with the salve and then the bandages while the other man cursed him for being so clumsy. It was taking him a lot longer than it would have Te but she wasn't about to let them know she could do anything like that. At least the wound wasn't that bad. It had gone clean through without hitting any blood vessels. She couldn't stop thinking about what Jacks would do to Tomal, or vice versa. Actually she kind of liked the young thief even if he was a killer. There was a part of him that seemed to be reaching out to her. A feeling of guilt started to creep over her. 'What an arrogant woman, I can't believe I’m feeling like this. Especially when he’s trying to do bodily harm to a man who has devoted his life and heart to me.’ she thought in silence.

‘What was so special about him that made Jacks think he could defeat a man like Tomal who had been raised in the woods by the Forgotten Ones. Of course Jacks didn’t know that.’ she slowly shifted to look out the cave entrance to see if she could catch any sign of Jacks. Manny grumbled something at her under his breath and moved her over to the edge of the pool. He gently helped the other man up and put him next to the wall where she had been closer to the fire.

The time was late and she was exhausted from the day. She curled up with Jacks' cloak wrapped around her for warmth. The smell of his cologne was all through it and she thought how funny it was that she didn’t notice it before. She felt the weight of a blanket hit her body causing her to look up. Manny lumbered over to the other side of the fire holding a rum bottle in his hand and laid down on his own bed with his back to her. She maneuvered the blanket half under her half over and curled up again.

Eventually she fell asleep. Fitful dreams filled her mind not long after. Ones that showed blood pouring from wounds in Jacks' chest and Tomal's back. They each pleaded with her for help. Her heart screamed with confusion but she couldn’t move or make a sound. She woke up to the sound of dripping water not far from her head. She slowly opened her eyes to something unexpected. Jacks was taking a bath in the pool. In the flickering fire light she could see blood splattered over his body but most looked like it was from someone else. There were some that were actual gashes that should be sewn up.

His face looked worn and tired. She had to admit he had a gorgeous body. His muscles were in perfect tone and bulged with each move he made. She knew it was rude to stare but she couldn't help it. When he stood to get up, she closed her eyes tightly and buried her face in the cowl of the cloak. She could hear him get out of the water and come closer to her. "I know you’re awake. You don't have to hide your face I’m not ashamed of my body and I do have a cloth on. Now are you going to share that cloak and blanket or do I get to fight you for them?" he was smiling slightly. "You’re not angry, are you? Look I will be completely honest with you. I don't think that was who you thought it was. That is unless you are into Forest Folk." he chuckled lightly. This made her look up at him. He wasn't lying about the cloth. He was wearing a loincloth that left nothing to the imagination. She gasped then made herself take control of her hormones.

"Forest Folk? How do I know you aren't lying?" she shifted her gaze from his body to his face but still found it hard to concentrate. He was even more handsome then she had thought now that the dirt and grim were off his face. The firelight danced in his dark brown eyes melting away her resistance as he smiled at her with a boyish grin.

"I figured you wouldn't believe me so I brought you proof." He walked over to a pile not far from the fire and retrieved a bag. At first it looked like a ball inside but then a shock of horror came over her as she visualized what it could be. She quickly hid her eyes as he pulled it open to show her the contents. He chuckled at her reaction. "What? Did you think I brought back his head? Please, I’ve done a lot of rotten things in my time but decapitating someone is not my style. Trust me and look." She slowly sat up to view his prize. It was a small backpack, only big enough to carry things for a child.

"See I told you I didn't kill the one you were looking for. There were two of them. They put up one hell of a fight too. Now will you please let me get warm? I’m starting to turn blue. I promise not to try anything-- much." his grin was like a wolf's ready to feed on a lamb. She began to wonder where Tomal was and why it was taking him so long. She looked up at Jacks and the tears began to roll down her cheeks again. "What’s wrong now?" he sighed. "I proved I didn't kill him; so please let me under those covers before I freeze." he was still grinning. She was trapped between anger at Tomal and feeling scared. Finally she held up her covers and allowed him to get in front of her. He moved as gracefully as a cat but seemed as slimy as a snake to her.

'What am I doing?' she thought to herself. 'I’m crazy to let this killer sleep beside me. He'll probably try to rape me. I'll just knee him and get away. Then he would probably kill me and that definitely wouldn't be good.' Then he rose up and rested his head on his elbow facing her. He looked at her then reached over and pulled her braid out from behind her.

"I would like to let your hair down if you don’t mind. I like long hair and yours glistens like there are golden threads all through it. Please I would really like to see it." he leaned closer as he began to untie the leather thong that held it together. He stopped for a moment to see her reaction then after getting none continued to unweave the braid. When he was done it laid out all around her. He ran his fingers through it gently separating it carefully. "It's so thick and long. It smells like spring flowers and is as soft as a rose pedal. I think it’s the most beautiful I’ve ever seen." he leaned closer to smell her hair next to her ear. Slowly he moved it off her shoulder. Gently he kissed her neck and then nibbled on her ear. She moved away nervously.

"You said you wouldn't try anything." Her voice sounded feeble in her own ears. A tear rolled down her cheek. He wiped it away with his finger.

"I said I wouldn't try much. Do I make you nervous? You should be nervous. After all I’m a dangerous man and a killer. Your own words remember? Yet you let me in the covers with you. Why? Could there be something there you don't want to admit? Maybe a desire you can hardly control? I can help you with that desire. All you have to do is say so. I'll show you what you could have." his voice whispered huskily in her ear. He cupped her face in his hand and kissed her long and seductively with more passion then she had felt even from Tomal. She could hardly breathe. 'No, I can't be feeling like this. He killed my friends and is going to sell me as a slave.' her mind screamed. She pushed him away and turned her head. Her heart was beating out of control and her breaths came in short gasps.

"I do get to you. But you don't want me. You have great control. Most girls swoon in my arms. I can tell you are more then what you are leading me to believe. Who are you Te? Where do you come from?" He ran a finger down her face and stoked her long hair. He sighed gently as he laid back. His hand went to one of the gashes in his side as he gritted his teeth.

"Is that bothering you?" she asked trying to change the subject.

"A little, why do you know anything about healing?" he raised an eyebrow.

"I know enough to sew that up if you want. I spent some time with an old alchemist when I was young. I know how to sew up a cut and how to put a bandage on." she tried to be nonchalant. She didn't want to give him too much information.

"All right I asked you to trust me so I can be a big enough man to trust you. What do you need?" He looked at her with those gorgeous brown eyes and a sideways grin as he took her bounds off. She felt her heart flutter just looking at him. She swallowed hard and pointed at the backpack that Manny left next to the injured man. Jacks grimaced as he stood and retrieved it for her. He stretched out in front of her and watched intently as she took out several items.

"Here chew on these but don’t swallow," she handed him some sticky brown leaves, "they’re bitter but will help with the pain.” he took them after giving her a sidelong look and began to chew on them, making a funny face.

"I told you they were bitter." she grinned.

"That’s an understatement. These things are horrible. You're not trying to poison me are you? I just might have to kill you before I die." she giggled softly as she applied a salve to his wounds.

"Tell me if you feel anything." she gently pushed on the first cut. He jumped and almost gagged on the leaves. He coughed but regained his composure quickly.

"Give me a few more minutes and these things will have me flying as high as a kite." he giggled.

"You've had enough then, spit them out." she handed him a cloth to spit them in and tested the cut again without telling him. He didn't even notice so it was ready. She carefully stitched the two sides together as clean as she could. They had been left unattended for almost too long to prevent a scar. He leaned back watching her every move. When she would look at him, he would give her a wolfish grin. "I wish you wouldn't do that." she chewed lightly on her lip as she started on the next cut.

"Do what?" he looked at her puzzled.

"Grin like that. You make me feel like a lamb ready for slaughter. You’re definitely nothing like I pictured slavers to be. Those two look like slavers but not you." she cursed herself for the last comment. The last thing she needed to be doing was giving him more confidence.

"I've been told that before. So my smile makes you nervous. In a perverted way that is a turn on and it makes me feel better. I was beginning to think I had lost my charm." his smile was even bigger.

"I think everything turns you on." she said as she continued to work her way down the one side. She stopped for a moment after applying the salve to cuts on the other side of his leg.

"Well, all I can say is you definitely turn me on. Why are you helping me anyway? You obviously don't have the same feelings." he played with a strand of her long hair that slid around her shoulder. She looked at him long enough to think about what her answer should be.

"Because unlike you; I was raised to respect life and the rights of others. You, on the other hand, claim you had a hard life so you obviously don't know any better. How would you like it if someone put you in chains and sold you for profit? It's wrong no matter how you look at it and you also kill people without any remorse or mercy. I think it stinks and you’re no better than an animal." Her heart beat hard from anger. The words slipped out before she could stop herself. His eyes flared at her words.

"Your right about my life; it wasn't the best but don't even start to judge me until you’ve been in my place. People like you live in ivory towers. You have no clue what real life is like. You have fancy clothes and homes. All the food you can eat and security. You think you have all the time in the world to do all the things you dream of. Well people like me have dreams too. Unfortunately for us, we usually die before any of it comes true. Well I’m not going to die knowing I could have lived like a king because of a little guilt complex. I should just rape you and get it over with but it isn't my style." he pushed her hands away and laid back.

"So you’re trying to tell me you have some scruples? Should I be impressed? I think not. Sounds to me like an excuse. You don't have to live like this, no one does. We all have choices in life; you just made the wrong ones. I can see you’re not as mean and tough as you would like me to believe. You know this is wrong but you’ve done it for so long you don't remember what is right or you don’t care.” Since he didn’t answer she decided to go further. “Things can change if you make them. It could be too late if you’ve already been turned in but it’s worth a try. If you don't you will probably spend the rest of your life hiding from the law and never realize your dreams. Think about it, is it really worth it?" she watched for his reaction but got none. "Then I’m wrong and you’re exactly what I see in front of me; a pathetic excuse for a man." she frowned. He gave her a hurtful look.

Suddenly he grabbed her and shoved her to the floor under him. She started to scream but he covered her mouth as he ripped at her clothes. They struggled for a few moments and he almost had her pants off then he stopped. He just looked at her. She thought she could see tears start in his eyes as he pushed away from her. He quickly put on some clothes before slipping his boots on at the entrance then continued out into the cold night air.

She lay there in shock trying to think. Fear raced through her veins like an arrow to a target. She wanted to scream but could only cry to herself, her voice frozen in her throat. 'Clothes, I need clothes.' She thought as she rummaged through the pack for a blouse. 'All I wanted to do was help. What could make someone do something like this?' she sobbed to herself. Everything around her seemed to close in. Her eyes searched for an escape and knew there would be none. The cloak and blanket laid there on the floor so she wrapped them around herself trying to hide in them. She felt violated and confused. Hopelessness settled in like a plague stripping her heart of pride. Tears rolled from her eyes uncontrollably. She heard a sound behind her but was too scared to move. A cold hand was placed over her mouth and there was a hushing sound to remain quiet. Jacks lifted the blanket and lay down beside her again but fully dressed. He was cold from being outside. She began to shake uncontrollably but wasn't sure if it was from the cold or her fears. He pulled her gently to him and held her close.

"I’m so sorry, I didn't mean it. Please forgive me, I won't harm you." he whispered softly. He held her tightly until she stopped shaking. She could hear the sound of his heart beating and it lulled her to sleep after several minutes. He remained awake as he stroked her hair unconsciously. Everything she said cut like a knife. She was right about more then he wanted to admit. How could this one girl affect him so much? He knew it was wrong but all his life he watched the people he cared about suffer and he could do nothing to help because he was poor. It had driven him to despise those that were well off. Those spoiled rich people who would walk by a crippled child or a dying wretch and scoff at their misery. He hated them for the death of his mother and the life he was thrown into.

The only family he had left was his stepfather, a thief and slaver, as he, himself, was now. There was Lilly, his surrogate mother, but what did he really have that held him to this life? It was all confusing. He didn't care anymore about what he was supposed to feel. Thinking about it wouldn’t change what concerned him at the moment. He had done something terrible to her. Her innocence was all she would have to keep her sane for a while and he almost snatched it from her like it was nothing. His eyes looked down at her peaceful face as he thought about what she said. He may not be able to save her but maybe he could save himself. He cradled her like a baby in his arms as sleep finally took him.

Sad Turn of Events
Sergeant Mayques let the horse have its head as they raced from the wagons. He held Lissa firmly in the saddle in front of him. All he could think about was her safety as he was ordered. 'The Captain will be along soon. His horse is a lot faster than this one. Hopefully the others will be all right.' he kept telling himself as they silently raced down the darkening road. Their horse was near exhaustion but they could not waist time. The others would need help as soon as possible. Unfortunately it seemed like an eternity before the lights of Richland came into view.

Richland was a normal town of the Known Realm with most of the businesses on the main road through it. Cherish Hall was there with the rest. Tomal sat at a table with Sergeant Senvo talking over a mug of ale. The anticipation of seeing Teonna after two days was more exciting than anything he had experienced. His feelings were almost over whelming and he had done a lot of thinking over the past couple of days. The news about Willis and Lissa came as no surprise. Willis was his closest friend and he knew how he felt about Lissa. It was a wonderful feeling. Tomal believed he had those feelings for Teonna. He should tell Willis about his feeling for her but was apprehensive even though he knew there was nothing to be ashamed of. He smiled to himself thinking about what would happen at the Festival this year.

Tomal was about to order another mug when Sergeant Mayques and Lissa burst through the door. He noticed immediately that Mayques had blood running from a deep gash in his leg; Lissa's eyes were wide with fear. Tomal rushed to him and assisted him to a chair. Instinctively he drilled Mayques about Teonna's where was. While Senvo wrapped his injured leg Mayques went through the events of the attack as quickly as he could. Lissa stood by the door looking around the room as if someone was going to jump out at her. Senvo gently sat her in a chair and waved the barmaid over to assist them. Enraged Tomal bolted for the door. Senvo went after him to the stables. Tomal yelled orders back at him to watch over the others and he would be back as soon as he could. Senvo stood at the door and watched the big black stallion disappear into the night.
*************************

Tomal raced through the night on his large black stallion like a wraith in flight. His heart pounded with the need to be there. 'Slavers, it had to be. But this far north was unusual even for the most brazen of them. What would they do to her?' He knew what they would do and that made him urge his horse to run faster. In the darkness ahead he could make out the silhouette of a horse standing by the roadside. He slowed a bit and drew his sword ready for anything. As he came closer he could make out a lump of blackness on the ground not far from it. He restrained his black to a walk until he could see the saddle of the other horse. It bore the emblem of Castle Dauphlin. It was then he realized it was Willis' horse. Cautiously he dismounted and walked to the body to roll it over. Tears filled his eyes when he saw Willis look back at him. Blood ran freely from a deep gash in his chest. His breath came in light gasps.

"Tomal-gasp-is that-gasp-you?" Willis' voice was raspy and hoarse.

"Yes Captain. Be quieted now I will take you back to town." Tomal started to pick him up but Willis jerked from pain that shot through his body. He began to sputter out words that barely made sense.

"Ambushed--killed others--took chests. Teonna ran--woods--don't know if--got her. Tomal I-won’t--making it. Need you--do something--for--me.” The sound he made in between words made Tomal realize what he said was true. But he was determined to get him to safety first.

"Willis, I need to go after Teonna. Who knows what they will do if they catch her. I will take you to town where you will be cared for and--"

"Wait!" Willis almost screamed as pain shot through his body. "Listen--I'm dead. I can hardly-- feel. I need--you do--something--for me. Please Tomal--you my--best--friend." Willis pulled him closer. "God I am so cold." He swallowed hard and coughed blood out of his throat.

"Yes Willis what is it?" Tomal felt the tears roll down his cheek as he cradled Willis in his arms.

"Lissa, she my love--my life--you know?" Willis whispered trying hard to keep control of his voice. "I can't die--knowing--she will be--alone. Tomal, you don't know--she’s pregnant--with my child. I--not be there--for her. Please-take-care--her. A woman alone--with child--is labeled. I can't--have that--on my soul. I--never intended--to happen--this way. I planned to--marry her--it messed up. Please Tomal--do this--for me--and her. All my possessions--I leave--to her. She will--need--someone. Promise--me!" Willis was gasping for air more erratic again. A horrible gurgling sound came from the wound in his chest where they had pierced his lung. Tomal's mind reeled knowing he was losing precious time.

"Alright yes, I'll make sure she is taken care of." he said quickly.

"Swear--on your--honor. Please Tomal--I need to know." Blood spattered from Willis' lips as he spoke.

"I swear it on my honor Willis. She will never be alone; now hold on and I’ll get you to a healer." Tomal felt his heart breaking because he could do nothing more.

"Thank you--my friend. Thank y--" Willis let go of him and fell silent. The gurgling stopped as the last bit of air left his body. Tomal held Willis in his arms and screamed in rage. Hot tears seared his cold flesh as they ran down his face.

"Damn you to hell.” He cursed at the air. “I will see you in your grave I swear it. I'll hunt you down even if it takes the rest of my days. I will have revenge.” Tomal clutched Willis’ body close to his own like a mother cuddling a child. “Willis I promise to take care of Lissa for the rest of her life. I’ll marry her if she will have me. I will always remember you and love you like a brother. Rest in peace my friend." Tomal closed Willis' eyes and laid him back on the wet muddy road.

Tomal wiped the tears from his face as he retrieved the sleeping bag from Willis’ horse and wrapped Willis’ body in it. Carefully he tied the lifeless form on the back of Willis’ horse then started down the road to find the wagons. There weren’t any signs of life when he arrived. One wagon was on its side and the other in the ditch. All the horses were gone but fortunately there was still a good trail to follow. First he would have to prepare the others for retrieval and take Willis' body back to town.

He quickly found the bodies of the others, all butchered and anything of value gone. He spent only a few moments with each as he raised their bodies high in the trees to keep any vile animals of the night from desecrating them. It took the better part of the night to finish this grizzly chore. The sun would be up shortly and it would make it easier to find Teonna's trail. He waited patiently until the sun started to lighten the sky with the morning to find her footprints. Unfortunately there were others along with them. He tracked them until he came upon the place they captured her; there he found the body of a man. He could tell someone had grabbed her from behind. A large man probably his own height but much heavier.

There were new tracks that joined with this spot. Tomal followed them hoping to find more signs of her. He found the body of a middle-aged man in gray robes. There was blood coming from the man’s eyes, ears, nose and mouth. What had caused this kind of death was unknown to Tomal. He never seen anything like it before. There wasn’t time to ponder what had transpired so he hung these bodies as he did the guards’ and returned to Willis' body then headed for town. He knew that by the time he returned the trail would be cold but if he followed by himself he could make up precious time that had been lost.

His mind was full of questions and curses about the one responsible for all this. One day soon he would meet him and that would be the last day of the murderer's worthless life. Tomal wasn't a religious man but he said a prayer for Teonna anyway. His heart beat hard in his chest just thinking about what might be happening to her. He tried to prepare himself for the worse but it was too hard to visualize. First he needed to be prepared for Lissa's reaction to Willis' death. ‘How is he going to make her believe what Willis had asked of him? What was he going to do about the promise? He had given his word to a dying man who didn't know he was in love with someone else.’ Tomal’s heart was being ripped apart by the turmoil. He couldn't leave Lissa alone and he knew the best thing to do was marry her, but his heart kept telling him no, 'You must wait for the one you love.'

It was all too much to handle, he had to clear his mind and be prepared for Lissa's response. She would need someone. There was little else he could do for now and the rest would have to wait. He rode into town in the early morning just as it was starting to come to life with a lot of people. Many stared as he passed with the body while others turned their heads. He cared little about what they thought. Death was a part of life, even that of a friend.

"What happened?" asked Senvo as Tomal walked in the door. The town constable was at the Inn waiting for his return. Mayques was there also anxious for any word.

"All dead accept the mistress as far as I know. I haven't found her yet. I need to talk to Lissa and then go back to take up the trail. Where is she?" Tomal asked in a rush.

"The healer felt it would be better if she sleep for a while so she gave her a potion to help her rest. We put her in one of the rooms up stairs. Does this mean the Captain is--" Senvo didn't continue the sentence as Tomal began to nod. Both men hung their heads in sadness. Even though Willis could be hard on them he still had their respect and admiration. He was one of the youngest to be promoted to captain in the history of Castle Dauphlin. Everyone who knew him liked him.

"I have to tell her and then be back on the road before dark. When I found the Captain he was still alive for a short bit. He asked me to tell her something as soon as I could. What room?"  Tomal's face showed the stress he was under.

"You won't get a response from her for a while son. Our healer really knows her stuff and if she says she will sleep for a while you can be sure she will. Come set down and tell us about it." The constable offered Tomal a chair but he looked at him with wild eyes and turned his attention back to the Sergeants.

"I can't wait any longer. Please see to it that Willis' body gets back to his family and tell Lissa I will be back as soon as I find the Mistress. Take care of her and be there for her. It will be a great shock for her. Willis also said he leaves all his belongings to her.” Tomal turned to leave.

“You're not going anywhere without me." Sergeant Senvo stood up quickly.

"I need you here to take care of things at this end Sergeant. Mayques is injured and the Lady Lissa will need someone to be with her when she learns the fate of her beloved. I can travel faster by myself. There also needs to be someone available to answer questions when our Lord Leamox hears that his young ward has been kidnapped. Agreed?" Tomal’s face was stern.

"All right I agree, but send some word if you can." Senvo said reluctantly. Tomal wasted no time and ran out the door. The constable followed him as Tomal blurted out instructions of where to find the bodies. Without looking back or waiting for an answer he jumped on his black's back, spun the large beast around and spurred him into an urgent run disappearing within seconds. The time went by much faster as he rode to the ambush sight. He had no problem finding the trail again that he believed was Te's. He followed it to the area where he had found the other two bodies. After examining the ground for a while he slowly took some steps here and there as if mimicking her movements. He smiled wide and thought to himself ‘Now let's see what story these tracks tell me. They chased you to here, you fell, grabbed the stick you tripped over and nailed the first one in range. So, you were the one responsible for his death, good girl Teonna. Then another attacked and you got him too but that one you only sent to his knees.

You paused, and then the big man grabbed you from behind. Large feet must be close to seven foot. He is definitely taller than me. The others approach and are all standing here. There we are, you stumble or are pushed to these tracks here. This one walks very softly like a cat.' Tomal rose and looked in the direction this cat fellow had taken Teonna. Tomal easily found the tracks of the animal she had been put on and began to follow. He stayed close to the ground until he came to the clearing where the slavers met up then whistled for his stallion. He set off at a gallop watching for traces of their passage. He knew they had twelve or more hours on him but he couldn't give up. Sooner or later they would become careless then he would have them and he would make them pay for what they did.

He dared not think about what might be happening to Teonna. It would only cloud his thoughts and make him sloppy. He could miss something important. He rode at a steady pace all day and into the night. Now he would have to go on foot by torchlight. It was dangerous but he had to chance it. He had to make up lost time and that meant tracking at night. There would be no room for error. On top of everything else the rain would eventually start again making it almost impossible to follow.

This all seemed overwhelming to him. He was nowhere near the expert tracker everyone made him out to be. Not as good as the Forest Folk who raised him at any rate. Tomal wished his mentor was with him now; he could use his advice and help in tracking. He had to stop a lot and double check what he saw. Being out in the wilds like this reminded him of the countless hunting trips they went on. All the things Mace had taught him and the fun they had. Mace was so small it was like being around another child until Tomal started to grow larger than Mace, who was already full-grown.

Those days were gone now and he knew he had to deal with problems himself. So he kept on going and tried not to double guess himself so much. At around midnight he came to the river they had crossed. Following it up river he found the place where they went across as the rain started to drizzle again. His horse didn't even baulk or shy. It leaped in and swam across without any problem. It didn’t take him long to pick up the trail again but even less time for him to begin his pursuit. 'They are still at least 8 hours ahead of me. Damn this weather. I'd kiss a pig for it to stop. Just might make this a little easier.' he thought to himself as he studied the ground.

‘Kiss a pig indeed!’ he laughed. ‘That would be the day. Hell would have to freeze over first.’ he mused to himself as he continued onward. Rain continued to drop in a steady drizzled so he felt there was little chance of his actually having to go through with his vow. He stopped suddenly and leaned closer to the wet beaten path. 'More horses have joined this trail more recently and they came from another direction but follow just the same. Damn who could it be?' he rubbed his head in wonder. 'More slavers or another rescue party?' he couldn't know for sure. Fortunately the new tracks were only about 6 hours old. Deep inside he hoped it was another rescue part and not more slavers.

Tomal would be the first to admit he was better than the average man with a bow but hand to hand was another matter. His sword was rarely drawn for cleaning let alone fighting. That part he didn't want to think about. He was hoping to catch them off guard and put arrows into them by ambush. Not the most gallant way to save a lady but the other was definitely a loss.

He would have to stop for rest soon. But it was not as much of a problem for him as it may have been for others. Another benefit of the Forest Folk was their ability to travel long distances with little to no rest. They taught him their little trick as well as how to use his bow as if it were an extension of his very soul.

Deciding he could use a bit of rest, he put the torch out and repacked it in his backpack. He took out some jerky and dried fruit to eat. When he had finished his meager meal he stroked his horse's nose lovingly, always faithful and on guard while Tomal rested. "Watch." was all he said then he climbed the closest tree, taking his bow and quiver with him, until he was almost twenty feet up the trunk. He pulled a roll of leather that was cut as thin as a shoe string but the ends were tied together making it very long from his cloak pocket. Carefully he wove it from branch to branch starting at the trunk of the tree and working his way out in a Y. Then he wove over and under the strands away from him then back similar to weaving a rug but not as tight.

This whole process took only fifteen minutes. The result was a seat, which he sat on cross-legged with his back against the tree. He placed his bow across his lap; pulled his cloak around him, lowered his head and closed his eyes. Within seconds his breathing was even and he appeared to be asleep. The large black stallion stayed at the bottom of the tree for only a couple of hours before letting out a whinny to awaken him. He opened his eyes and stretched. "Time to go?" he leaned over slightly and looked down at his friend. His horse snorted lightly and threw its head up and down. Tomal unwove the Niche, as the Forest Folk called it, and put it back in his cloak pocket. He felt refreshed and invigorated from his rest.

The ability to do the Notawl was a secret part of the Forest Folks' society. It was a form of meditation but with better results. If achieved correctly, one could receive the benefits of a whole nights rest in only a few hours. A man could go for a month on only a few hours rest ever few days; feel fine all the time with no side effects. This of course, was very hard to do considering it could only be achieved about thirty percent of the time. Only a master could achieve it all the time. Tomal was not a master but Mace was and had taught him everything he felt Tomal would need to survive.

Tomal nimbly climbed down the tree and jumped in the saddle. The rain had stopped but it was still dark and the air was cold. He decided to continue on in the general direction they had been heading. The underbrush was thick here and it was fairly easy to follow the trail they made through it. As morning approached a light fog began to form from the air becoming warmer with the heat of the sun. It was a nice change from the past few days and he could see the trail much better now so he pushed his steed as fast as it could travel. Tomal went several miles and believed he had made up about six hours of time when he came upon a sight that made his heart stop.

It was midafternoon and the trees were beginning to thin out making it easier to see the trail ahead. There was a body on the trail lying face down in the mud. He approached cautiously, looking all around for signs of an ambush. He didn’t see anything so he slowly dismounted and let his horse have its head. He drew his sword, just in case, and walked to where the body lay. When he got close enough he could tell it wasn't Te. His heart began to beat again. Using the toe of his boot he kicked the man over to view the face. He smiled slyly; the dead man had been shot through the head with an arrow. After taking some time looking at the tracks again he discovered that the other group of people ahead of him came after the man died.

'Who could have done this?' he thought to himself but then he noticed the tiny foot print a short distance from the dead man's head. Forest Folk had attacked the slavers. It was not a surprise. They hated slavers even more than they hated elves. The only thing that was strange was that they were far from their usual hunting grounds. The small prints followed in pursuit of the slavers, which also didn't surprise him. Unfortunately there were only two of the small ones as far as he could see. That could mean trouble if there were any experienced fighters among the slavers. Instinctively he jumped on his stallion and rode as fast as he could.

Tomal desperately wanted there to be more than just two of them against these men. The slavers were killers and would show no mercy. It would be suicide for only two to go alone. Every time the woods allowed it he would ride as fast as his horse could go in the underbrush. His luck held up and he was able to ride at a good pace for most of the day. Regrettably he came upon the one spot he had hoped wouldn't be there. He saw the tracks of the two small ones ambushed by a single set of larger ones that came from out of nowhere. Tomal surmised the ambusher was probably hiding in the trees. There was a lot of blood but it was hard to tell whom it belonged to.

Eventually he found a trail leading off that belonged to the Forrest Folk. One was dragging the other, not a good sign. There weren’t any tracks showing pursuit, which made Tomal feel a bit better. Reluctantly he followed the Forest Folk to be certain his heart was not lying to him. If one had died they would call a manhunt on the offender. That can be disastrous for anyone traveling with the hunted criminal. He walked his horse so his approach wouldn’t be offensive. The day was about to wane making it hard to track again. He was ready to go back to the main trail when he heard a voice from somewhere ahead.

"Stay and die human!" a voice from the wilderness snapped. He immediately stopped and replied in the tongue of the Forrest Folk.

"I mean you no harm. I saw the place of a battle and only wished to help. I have healing salves from Bandinia's clan. May I approach?" He waited unmoving until they answered him. It could mean his life if they didn't believe him. Meeting up with another small one was not a problem for them but to meet up with a human who spoke their own language was another matter.

"What proof have you of Bandinia's clan tall one? We know of no tall ones in any clan. Show proof that we can see." was the reply in the same curious language of the Forest Folk. Carefully he pulled his bow from behind him and presented it as his proof, holding it in front of him like a shield.

"This is proof of my claim. Given to me by my foster parent and mentor, Mace the Mighty, mate to Bandinia. He inscribed my tale within the runes for all to see and understand." Tomal kneeled down on one knee, bowed his head and presents it in front of him as an offering. He didn’t lift his head even when the bow is lifted from his hands. There was no sound or movement until the one spoke again from a few feet in front of him.

"This is complete and shows the truth of your words. I know of Bandinia and her clan. Many passing’s ago we had heard she took a child not of her own clan but we knew nothing of it being a human child. How comes you here so far from the hunting ground of your clan up north? We have not heard of their move south?" Tomal raised his head to face the Forest Folk in front of him. Two small men no taller than three foot, both wearing the traditional hunting garb of the clans with their clan insignia stitched on front stood boldly before him. Their hair and clothes were matted with blood and dirt. One carried a short bow and a small sword; the other had a bow as well but let a tiny axe hang from his belt. Tomal didn't stand for that would be an insult to them causing them to think he felt he was too good to be at their level of sight.

"I live among the human clan now. I believe the one who fought with you has stolen my woman. I’m hunting him to get her back. I found where you battled him and could not go on without knowing that you were well." Tomal bowed his head in appreciation to their efforts to stop the slavers.

"It was last night when we battled the silent one. He made no sounds as he came out of the dark like a mountain cat. We fought long and hard but he was too swift and cunning. He agreed to spare our lives if we swore to hunt him no more. We agreed. You say you have healing potions." Tomal reached inside his coat and handed the salve to the small one. He waited while they applied the salve to their wounds and gave him back his salve.

"Are you hungry? I would ask some questions, if you have the time?" he hoped they had seen Teonna. They nodded so he stood and retrieved the pouch that carried his supplies from his horse. He kneeled again and handed them both some jerky and dried fruit. His water skin was gladly accepted as well. They spent a short time devouring the food he gave them. Again they looked him up and down before talking.

"What you want to know?" one asked as he handed back the water skin.

"I apologize for being rude but I was anxious and forgot myself. I am called Tomal. I am pleased that I was able to assist you. I was wondering if you might have seen a woman with long hair in a braid. Her eyes are as green as emeralds and she is very young." Tomal sat back on his heels and waited patiently for their reply.

"I am Breama, this Grid, of the same blood. I see one look much like your woman. Man have her tied to horse he rides. We shoot them, one fall another hit, and they run away. We track them to place where man who moves like cat attacked us from the trees. No hear or smell him. Not know for sure if that one of the slavers. We must go. Our people need food." They started to turn to leave then a thought came to Tomal.

"Thank you for helping my woman. You have increased my chance of getting her back. I would like to repay you by hunting for you. If you will allow me, it would give me great pleasure to return you kindness. I passed the spore of a stag a ways back. With my horse I can catch him without problem. May I be of assistance?" They looked at each other smiling and gave a simultaneous nod. He bowed low as he rose. Tomal wasted no time in returning to the place he had seen the signs of the deer. He raised his face to the air and inhaled deep. The stag was still in the area. Silently he slid down from the saddle to a crouched position and examined the ground for tracks. He found some only a few feet away from the spore signs.

He took off his cloak, hat and jacket so he could move more easily. After draping his quiver over his shoulder he notched an arrow in his bow and started to follow the trail. He went only a hundred yards or so when he spotted his prey in a clearing ahead. The stag raised its large antlers high as it checked for predators in the waning light of dusk. Tomal put a finger in his mouth then held it in the air to test the wind. It proved him was downwind from the stag. Tomal smiled slyly to himself as he moved into position with stealth.

Quietly he placed three arrows in the ground in front of him. He kneeled on one knee, carefully aimed and shot. Two more arrows hit the large buck before it even started to run. The last hit home as it reached the edge of the forest. The stag stumbled and fell in a heap. Dirt and loose sod flew from the impact as it went down. Graceful as a deer himself Tomal ran to his fallen prey and slit its throat to be sure it was dead. Quickly he cleaned it saving the extra parts the Forest Folk deemed of value and whistled for his horse. Breama and Grid were surprised to see him back so soon and accepted the stag gratefully.

Tomal parted company from them quickly. He knew he had used up precious time by hunting down the deer but he also knew they would probably not have been able to hunt with their injuries. He didn't regret the help he had given the Forest Folk. In his heart he felt attacking the slavers was their way to try and help Teonna. As the rest of the day wore away, he knew he would have to travel all night to make up time.
No Looking Back

"Jacks! Come on boy wake up. How many times do I have to tell you not to fondle the merchandise? Get your lazy ass out of there." a rough but familiar voice entered his slumber.

"Pops?" Jacks rolled over to see the tall slender frame of his stepfather standing over him. His muscles were sore from the night before and his head hurt.

"What the hell went on back there? A total screw up is what. I don't know if I can ever depend on you to get anything done right. Tell me what happened, there were supposed to be two girls." His stepfather stood with his arms across his chest scowling down at him. Jacks rubbed his face and the back of his neck as he thought. Suddenly he realized Te wasn't there. He spun around quickly and saw that Tom, one of his father's henchmen, had her by the arm. Relieved, he rubbed his eyes sluggishly, knowing he was in trouble from the frown on his father's face.

"The men were armed Guards not farmers like you said. The other girl got away with one of them. I don't know for sure who she was but she seemed to be the one they wanted to protect the most. This one is her companion. I don't know what happened to that mage you hired but evidently he wasn't as good as he claimed. I still think it was a big mistake to even try to get her." Jacks looked at his father sheepishly.

"I'm not interested in what you think. Just tell me what happened to the others. Now start from the beginning and tell me what you can." the older man walked over to the campfire and poured some coffee in a tin cup. Jacks set with his elbows rested on his knees and his head cradled in his hands. It throbbed terribly from the night before. He took the offered coffee gratefully. Sipping it gingerly he tried to think back on the events that had transpired for two days. Slowly the clouds began to lift and it started to all come back to him like a bad dream.

"We waited right where you said to, ambushed them but they were well armed and the girls were in the wagons instead of on horses. It would have been a lot easier to capture them if they had been on the horses. Anyway, this one man was yelling orders at the others and grabbed the other girl before anyone could get to her, gave her to a guard and told him to get her to town. Max ran after them but returned after a few minutes and said he couldn't catch them. Bill tried to get this one in the wagon and she nailed him in the face with a boot. Gant grabbed a hold of her hair and managed to get her on his horse but was killed by the head guard. That Guard picked her up on to his horse and would have gotten away but I rammed them with my horse, knocking their animal to its knees and sent them flying into the mud. He told her to run while he engaged me, so Bill, John, Manny and Paulie went after her.

At some point she got her hands on a branch and hit poor Bill over the head killing him. She knocked John silly but Manny got behind her and caught her. That head guard fought for only a little while then ran from me and I lost him in that damn fog. I don't know if I killed him or only injured him I found the mage dead in a weird way. I still can't figure that out. Paulie gathered the horses while John finished anyone off who might still be alive and then we left. We lost Max at the river when that nag of his couldn't swim the current. Yesterday some Forest Folk killed John and shot Paulie in the leg. I took care of them last night and let me tell you they almost kicked my butt. That’s all I can think of right now." Jacks hung his head unable to look his father in the eyes. He knew the report wasn't good enough for him.

"Sloppy, very sloppy." his father said disapprovingly. "Well I can guarantee that Captain didn't get away. I ran into him not too far from town and finished him off. He won't be a problem. When I saw that soldier and the girl come into town I knew you screwed up. I can't do anything about the other things that went wrong, but we need to get a move on. Your being tracked, I'm sure of it. All I want to know is why didn't you kill those two disgusting little Forest Folk when you had the chance? You’re really bad about leaving a trail to follow." The older man shook his head in disgust.

"I didn't need to. They gave their word not to follow. I don't believe killing is the answer to everything. They might be disgusting but at least they stand by their word." Jacks directed this last comment at his stepfather with venom in his voice.

"Was that supposed to mean something to me? I told you this would be the last job you would have to do for me. I've taught you enough for you to survive on your own pretty well. I took you and your mother in when she was nothing more than a bar slut. I gave you my name so you wouldn't be a bastard. I've given up the last nineteen years of my life to make sure you would have a better life then a beggar. I think it’s only fair that now you repay me for my kindness. What more could you want from me?" The stepfather held his hands open in front of him as a gesture of earnest sincerity.

"You mean that? You really want to know what I want." Jacks’ stepfather nodded in reply. "Ok, I'll bite. I want her." Jacks replied seriously and pointed at Teonna. It almost scared her. 'What does he want me for?' she thought to herself.

"Ha! You can't be serious! Jacks I can't give her to you and you know it. She’s the profit, as a matter of a fact the only profit. Get a grip boy. I need her to make it come out even for everyone. Not to mention what she’s worth. Ask for something else within reason." the stepfather laughed hardily. The look on Jacks' face was pure contempt.

"Why not? I think I've earned something in the last three years. I haven't taken a share in any of the booty because you always had a bill to meet or pay one of the guys. After three years, all I'm asking for is a girl. She isn’t even the real target. It was the other one they wanted. I knew you weren't serious.” Jacks stood and turned his back on his father hiding the anger on his face. His stepfather twisted his thin mustache between his fingers as he watched Jacks carefully. Then he walked over and put his arm over Jacks’ shoulder as he began to walk Jacks away from the others while he whispered in Jacks’ ear.

"Jacks, I know you better than this. You could have any girl you want. Why this one? You know I can't give her to you. How would it look to the men? I would lose their respect and then where would I be? Come on son; tell the old man what’s on your mind. I can help if you’ll let me." the older man said as smoothly. His words slid words around his tongue as slick as a snake oil salesman. But Jacks had heard it all too many times. He moved away from his stepfather and without a word sat down and put his boots on, then grabbed his coat.

"Jacks wait. You have to understand. I just can't throw money out the window like that. Please listen to me. I've worked hard to make it easier on you so you could take over someday." his stepfather pleaded desperately.

"Make it easier on me? You'll never change Pops. Take care of him boys he’s one of a kind.” Jacks walked over to Teonna and placed his hand on her cheek with sorrow in his eyes. “I'm sorry, you were right. Good-bye." he then walked to his horse and mounted up to ride away. He stopped and turned the horse to face them again.

"By the way Pops she’s a healer and a virgin. Two of the things elves cherish and desire the most in the women you bring them. This one is special I tell ya. I hope your life is worth it." Jacks spun the horse toward the cave entrance and spurred it to hurry back down the trail.

Te's heart sank as her last hope of escape disappeared. Jacks was all she had to hold onto for protection to keep the others from harming her. His stepfather stood at the entrance watching as if he expected Jacks to return. After a while he came back to where the others waited. He looked at Te sideways for a moment then walked over to her. Before she knew what was going on he hit her hard enough she was torn from Tom’s hand and tossed against the wall. It hurt enough she felt the strike might have broken her jaw. Tears swelled in her eyes as she leaned against the wall in shock. He was in front of her before she even recovered and grabbed her chin with one hand as he shook his fist in the air menacingly in front of her.

"What did you say to him? Tell me so I can make it right before he gets too far. Tell me!" then he hit her again and she hit the floor dazed. She could taste the blood in her mouth as it ran down her chin. It was all she could do to keep from passing out.

"I didn't say anything he didn't already know." she cried. He booted her in response knocking the wind out of her. She couldn't hold back the tears as they streamed down her face and she gasped for air. Paulie limped over and held the man off her while Tom lifted her up to make sure she wasn't hurt too badly.

"Will this ain’t like you to go hittin' on a gal like that. What's gott'n into ya anyhow? She's the profit member?" Paulie pleaded trying to get him off the subject so he would stop hitting her. Will's face was still red with anger.

"That little bitch said something to make Jacks act like this. He's my boy and has never disobeyed me or even questioned me. She's done something to him. I know it and she’s going to pay for it." Will started at her again but Paulie and Manny held him back while she cowered behind Tommy.

"It's not her Will. You knew this could happen any time. Jacks was never one of us. He was always different." Tom said as he stepped in front of her with his hand on his dagger.

"Yeah Will he's growin' up is all. Wantin' to spread his wings a little. He'll be back when he sees nothin' out there for im like you been tellin' im. Take it easy on the lass. She needs to look good for that buyer you been tellin us about. Come on now an' ave some coffee an' think about it." Paulie coaxed Will to a stone next to the fire. He placed a cup of coffee in Will’s hand and stepped back fully aware of the rage the man could exhibit. Will watched as Tom washed the bruises on the young girl’s face. He could feel the eyes of all the others on him and knew in his heart that he would have to fight them all to get at her again. He sipped the coffee to calm himself as he ran the words Tom and Paulie said through his mind time and time again to convince himself they were right.

When Tom had finished with her he left her setting against the wall by herself. She leaned there with tears running down her face too scared to do anything but watch and listen. Finally Will stood and slowly walked over to her. Tom took a watchful position not far away. Will offered her his hand but she shrank away from him the fear evident in her emerald eyes. He looked at her for a moment then took off the big plumed hat he wore and bowed eloquently before her.

"I’m sorry but we haven't been properly introduced. I’m William Walker and you are Te. Please forgive my abuse earlier but my son has been an increasing problem lately. I was merely looking for an outlet for my frustrations and unfortunately it was you. But for now we have pressing business." his smile was exactly like Jacks'. It made her skin crawl to think how one minute he could be such an animal then so charming the next. Without another word, Will walked to a pack next to the door and retrieved a rope. With this he tied her hands then placed a loop around her neck. The other end he gave to Paulie. The rope wasn't tight but it didn't feel right either.

Will gave the order for the horses and supplies to be gathered up then led the way deeper into the cavern until they reached a wall. Te could barely make out Will’s hand as he laid it on the surface and moved it around until there was a distinctive click. Part of the wall slid open into an even darker place that smelled like mold. Tom lit a lantern and handed it to Paulie as he led her through. They all followed into the tunnel beyond without hesitation. Will began to close the door after everyone had entered but stopped at the last minute and reopened it.

"Tom, I want you to go after Jacks and talk to him. Take him to Knife's Clef to see Lilly. She owes me after all the good whores I brought her this last year. Make sure he has a good time and maybe once he's cooled off he’ll come to his senses. Here’s enough gold to take care of both of you." Will threw Tom a pouch that clinked with the sound of many coins. Tom didn't say a word as he tucked the pouch in his belt and walked his horse back toward the cave entrance. Teonna watched as William Walker closed the door on the last light of hope she had. Her dream of being rescued sank into a pit of darkness within her like a stone dropping to the bottom of a deep pool.

Hunted
Jacks' heart felt like a stone as he rode down the path away from the man who raised him. A menagerie of thoughts swirling inside his head like a storm ready to burst at any moment. Tears ran down his cheeks in a torrent of emotions. So many times in the past he had wanted to do or say something but kept it inside. His father just wouldn't listen. It was time to leave that life and try to make a better one with what he could. Jacks kicked his horse into a recklessly run through the hills until he knew he had to let it rest or it would surely drop out from under him. For a long time he sat under a tree just thinking about what happened and what he was going to do. It wasn't easy starting over when all you know is stealing and fighting. Worse of all there could be a bounty out on his head. Didn't matter anyway, life was like his old man had always said it was, "A bitch and then you die." Jacks chuckled at the irony of it. Suddenly his sensitive hearing picked up a low thumping sound.

He concentrated for a moment then realized it was horse hooves on the rocky path he had just traveled. He took his horse behind a huge bolder and placed his gloved hand over its nose to keep it from calling out to the other, which would give his position away. Mostly highwaymen or slavers used these trails. The chance of it being a common traveler was less than likely. He watched anxiously ready to attack. Jacks sighed in relief when he saw Tom's familiar form come trotting around the hill. Jacks smiled  knowing his father had sent him. 'The old man just won't give up.' Jacks thought as he stepped out of hiding right in Tom's path startling him. "Just couldn't leave well enough alone could he?" Jacks said before Tom could say anything.

"Did you expect him to? Now come on, he gave me some gold to party on and I don't know about you but it's been a long time since I had a woman to hold all night. What am I saying? You just had one last night." Tom chuckled light heartedly.

"I didn't touch her except to keep warm. I might have done a lot of things but forcing myself on someone isn't my style." Jacks frowned not enjoying his humor.

"Don't get mad, it was only a comment." Tom rode ahead a little then looked back at Jacks. "Well come on! It’s a long way to Knife’s Clef." he grinned enthusiastically. Jacks grinned back as he stepped into the saddle.

"This doesn't mean I forgive him or that I'm going back. All I want is to share in spending his gold." Jacks smirked.

"Who cares? Let’s have fun while it lasts." Tom laughed. They rode off toward the north with visions of drink, women and dancing. A couple of times they passed by secluded farms where Jacks used his boyish charm on the farm girls to get fresh eggs, bread or other things to eat. Tom always pulled him away before anything else could have happened.

"You’re a spoil sport you know?" Jacks told him as he glanced over his shoulder at the pretty blonde girl who stood by the back fence waving.

"Just hold it in your pants until we get to Lilly's. Last thing we need is an angry father coming after you with a pitchfork in his hand. I personally would like to make it to Knife's Clef in one piece if you don't mind." Tom shook his head at Jacks.

"What's the matter, don't you like a little spice in your life? What's love if it isn't exciting and exhilarating? You should try a virgin sometime Tom you might like it." Jacks laughed.

"Been there done that kid. Why go for something that just lies there and looks at you for instruction when you can have a real woman who makes you feel things no virgin could?" Tom replied smugly.

"You just don't know how to make them want more." Jacks laughed even harder.

"You know, you sound like your old man." Tom smirked unable to resist.

"Since I was raised by a rogue like him what can you expect? He never seemed to stay in one place for very long. Even when he would leave me with Lilly for months on end he would only stay for a night or two. He was more concerned with finding ways to make more money. He never cared that much for me anyway. I’m not his real son. To quote his exact words, 'Your just useless baggage I have to carry until you’re big enough to use and when you get too old you won't be of use anymore.' unquote. That's my old man." Jacks said with a bitter tone.

"Kid, we all say things we don't mean. Will just doesn't know how to show affection very well to someone he cares about. He cares a lot about you or he wouldn't have sent me after you. Parents can't always be kind and understanding like we want them to be." Tom looked at him sincerely.

"That may be true for some, but not for me. He pushed it too far this time. Those two girls were something more then what he thought. It was a stupid idea to go after them. He's going to get himself killed, I know it, and I just can't be there for him anymore. It's over for me. I’m going to pull together what I can and start off new with a clean slate." Jacks said profoundly.

"Whatever you say kid, but just try not to think about it until after we leave Lilly's. I for one need some of that TLC they do so well, ok?" Tom chuckled lightly but Jacks didn't say anything. Tom resided to remain silent until Jacks decided to talk again. Unfortunately Jacks found his thoughts going toward Te as more time passed. Her fate disturbed him more then he wanted to admit to Tom even though he felt a need to talk about it. Jacks tried to think about other things but eventually his thoughts would always return to her.

Terrible dreams of faceless people being killed and screaming women being rapped began to plague his sleep. He woke in a cold sweat one night with a yell that caused Tom to jump from his bedroll in his long johns. Jacks laughed at Tom's expense then made the attempt to sleep again. But once more his thoughts returned to Teonna. It was almost like she was inside his mind reminding him of what he had done. Finally, on the tenth day they stood on a hilltop overlooking Knife's Clef. A broad smile came to Tom's soiled face as he started down the narrow path. Jacks wasn't sure if he really wanted to go down there. Somehow it didn't make him feel any better. Skeptical, he followed after Tom made a remark about he would show him how a real man takes care of a woman. Jacks’ ego couldn’t let a challenge like that go so he followed reluctantly. It was completely dark by the time they reached the Miner's Tavern. Jacks glanced through the window as he dismounted. As usual, most of Lilly's girls were in there picking up as many customers for the parlor as they could.

"Let's get to the party Jacks. I want a bath and the prettiest girl I can find to scrub my back." Tom started to head into the tavern then stopped when he realized Jacks wasn't following.

"You go ahead I'll stable the horses and meet you in a bit." Jacks gave Tom a quick smile.

"Suit yer self kid." was Tom’s reply and he ran into the doors as he gave a hoot and a howler to announce himself to the crowd. There were many laughs of greetings and welcome. Jacks shook his head as he turned away and started toward the stables with both horses in tow.

He paid the stableman for the night then asked to use his small washbasin in the back room. ‘There’s no sense in looking like a rag-muffin in front of the ladies. It would ruin my reputation.' Jacks thought as he pulled his shirt off. His heart wasn't into this. Even the warmth of the water didn't refresh him. Inside he still felt dirty. 'There is only one thing I can do. I have to find her and save her. Maybe then she’ll leave my dreams.' he thought resolve as he walked slowly back to the tavern. Jacks figured he would have a drink with Tom and then make an excuse to leave without discussing it with him. Jacks knew Tom would try to talk him out of going after his stepfather.

Jacks walked with his head down, kicking dirt clods as he went. He was so deep in thought that he almost walked right into the side of a big black stallion that stood outside the tavern. He looked at it for a moment in disbelief. No one in Knife's Clef, or that usually came here, owned an animal as magnificent as this one. Curious he began to examine the saddle and packs it carried. He had seen the emblem on the saddle but couldn’t recall from where and the horse didn't carry a brand or mark. The hair on back of Jacks’ neck stood on end as he looked at the tavern.

Carefully he crept up to the window to see if he might find the owner of the horse. He knew everyone in Knife’s Clef so a new comer wouldn’t be that hard to spot. He viewed the crowd but all were familiar faces he had seen many times before. The room was fairly full of patrons and more were headed in the door. After a bit he surmised someone could have stolen it, which was a possibility. He was ready to walk in when some of the patrons moved to the side and he caught glimpse of a tall man all in black standing in the shadows of a dim corner just to the left of the window at an angle from the window Jacks was looking through now.

It was no wonder Jacks didn't see him before. The man blended into the shadows like a wraith. The man’s hat was pulled down to conceal most of his face as he sipped casually on a mug, and he didn’t move his head as he leaned against the wall. Slowly Jacks slid below the sill of the window and to get to the other side so he could get a better view at the next window, which was almost directly behind the tall dark stranger. From this angle, he could see across from the man in black. Tom sat there at a table with two whores on his lap drinking and partying just like he said he was going to. It appeared to Jacks the man in black was staring straight at Tom. Jacks still wasn't sure if the man was just another traveler or maybe a bounty hunter so he resided to watch. One thing his stepfather had taught him was to follow his instincts. On this job he didn't and a lot of people died because of it.

After almost thirty minutes the bar maid sashayed over to the man in black with another mug. Jacks watched his movements carefully for any signs that might reveal what he could be. The man moved in flowing motions that would make him appear to be a thief but something else caught Jacks' eye when the man pushed off the wall to hand the barmaid some coins. Leaning against the wall behind him was a beautiful black bow as long as he was tall. It all came back to him now, Te had yelled out a name when that arrow killed John.

'This must be him; the one she said could track a buck through a blizzard. Why didn't it dawn on me before? She wasn't kidding about him not giving up but it seems he can't track through rock. Hell what am I going to do now?' Jacks thought as he leaned against the building. 'I don't know if I can handle this guy. I have to get Tom out of there without raising suspicion.' Then Jacks saw some people he knew coming down the street in a direction away from the view of the window. He slid quietly away from the wall and approached them cheerfully. Jacks told them he was playing a prank on Tom and asked if they would tell Tom that Jacks was in trouble by the old elm to the east of town. They laughed and agreed to do it for a price. Jacks grinned and gave them five gold pieces then sprinted to his horse at the stables. He rode without a saddle taking only his pack and bedroll.

Jacks prayed that the man in black hadn't seen him talking to the group outside the tavern on the street. That could spoil everything. His horse sped down the path as fast as it could run for almost two miles while he formulated a plan to ambush the stranger if he followed. Upon his arrival, Jacks promptly started a fire and piled some rocks and weeds together in a fake bed under the tree. He took off his coat for a pillow and his hat over that to add to the effect that it was a real person asleep there.

He made sure his horse was tied securely then slipped off to hide in the dark bows of the tree. It seemed like an eternity before he heard the far off sound of horse hooves coming in his direction. He peered down the trail and saw the form of a rider only a quarter of a mile away through the patchy brush. Carefully he watched as the rider came closer to the campsite. As he had hoped the heat source of a second rider appeared using the same trail. Then it blended into the brush about 100 yards outside of camp. This disturbed Jacks greatly. Tom rode into the camp with sword drawn limply in one hand and barely able to stay on his horse. He was drunk as a skunk. Jacks whispered down to him as soon as he dismounted and started to walk over to the pile of rocks.

"Kid what the hell is this?" Tom slurred out in anger.

"Shhhh! Keep your voice down. You're being followed." Jacks said as loud as he dared to. Tom looked around the camp confused. "Just start making some coffee and talking to that lump so it will be convincing. I’m going to try to ambush the guy." Jacks slid to the backside of the tree to hide better.

"Who?” Tom started to ask but Jacks cut him off sharply with a ‘shush’. Slowly Tom went over to the pack and pulled out the items he would need to make a pot of coffee. Jacks looked back down the trail again for any positive signs of the second rider. He glanced back at Tom quickly and saw him setting by the fire making a pot of coffee while mumbling under his breath from time to time. Jacks smiled. 'Now if the stranger will take the bait.' Jacks thought deviously.

Suddenly he caught the glimpse of a shadow or something about fifty yards out from camp but it disappeared almost as quickly as it appeared. Jacks was beginning to think he was getting jumpy then he heard the soft sound of a light pop and a whistle so low he almost didn't pick it up. He heard it again and squinted intently into the darkness but saw nothing. Casually he looked down at Tom to tell him to be ready and saw him lying on the ground, an arrow through his head.

Horrified Jacks looked over at the pile of rocks and saw another sticking where the stomach would be if it had been a real person. Both clean shots no mistaking it. Jacks became more then nervous but anger filled his heart at an act so cold blooded. Jacks’ muscles tensed as he concentrated all his senses to find the stranger who just killed Tom. Any good hunter will make sure his kill was complete. So Jacks knew he would have to wait for the dark man to show himself. The trick was to remain silent and not move a muscle.

The minutes drew out to hours as Jacks crouched in the tree like a cat patiently waiting for its prey. It was almost dawn before the hunter finally appeared. Still fifty yards out, he had waited to be completely sure there were no others who would be coming to this campsite. At first, the man appeared to be nothing more than a shadow but for Jacks it was enough to make him alert and ready. The dark figure moved almost as quietly as Jacks in a crouched position moving his head from side to side as he approached. It appeared the dark stranger wasn't totally convinced all the danger was gone.

Jacks smiled and waited like a panther ready to spring. The dark figure came to where Tom lay dead, but still wasn't close enough for a strike. The man in black pulled his hat off as he kneeled over the body. Jacks could see the smile that came to his face, cruel and unforgiving. The man’s eyes narrowed as he peered hard over at the bedroll. Jacks could see the cold blue of them burn with a hatred he never saw before, almost sinister. 'How could she love someone like that?' Jacks thought as he watched nervously. Cautiously the man stood and walked toward his other supposed victim. Jacks could see now the man was a lot taller then himself and probably a little stronger. Jacks knew he would have only one chance to hit his target just right or he would be fighting for his life.

'Almost now, just a little more, hold on Jacks, take your time.' Jacks coached himself again as he waited until the man was directly under him. There would be no room for mistakes. Finally the man came into range but Jacks still held back. As the man leaned down to flip the blanket up Jacks sprang from the limb hitting him square in the back with all his weight. The man went to the ground face first knocking the wind out of him. Just as they hit, Jacks leaped up with a flip to land light as a feather in front of him. The man started to stand trying to catch his breath but Jacks kicked him with his boot heel knocking him back down again. Again the man tried to get up but more slowly this time, blood ran freely from his mouth and nose. Jacks gritted his teeth and kicked him between the eyes almost falling on his butt.

Jacks twirled with the force to keep his balance and came around ready for an attack but found the man lying on the ground motionless. Jacks crouched down and lifted the man’s head up by his long black ponytail to make sure his eyes were closed. He let out a sigh of relief when he found those cold blue orbs hidden behind eyelids. Now Jacks could take his time with him and find out just whom the mysterious Te was.

*************

Tomal woke up with his back against a rough surface. His head hurt and the air around him was cold. Instinctively he tried to put his hand on his head then realized he was tied to the tree. The taste of blood lingered in his mouth and his nose throbbed. Then it all came flooding back into his memory of what had transpired. The hunter had become the hunted and worse yet he had been captured. He looked around but didn't see anyone. Both bodies were gone, but his cloak, hat and weapons all lay in a neat pile a couple of yards away.

A few minutes passed before a young man, around his own age he believed, came into the camp with a shovel over his shoulder and brushing dirt from his clothes. The man stopped and placed the shovel next to a saddle and pack that lay near two horses that were tied to a tree. The young man casually walked over to the fire and picked up the coffee pot to pour himself a cup as he looked at Tomal.

"Ah, I see you’re awake. Good! I need to ask you some questions. First off, I want to let you know I take no pleasure in hurting people but I'm not afraid to do so as you can tell from the way you feel right now. Second, I’ve always believed that it is easier to talk to someone when you know his or her name. My name is Jackson Walker, my friends call me Jacks, and I already know your name is Tomal." Jacks smiled at Tomal's surprised expression. "I’m sure you’re wondering how I know your name. Well you see your friend Te is quite the conversationalist once you loosen her tongue. Now I suppose you have some questions of your own so out of politeness I’ll let you go first." Jacks sat on a rock and waited patiently for Tomal to respond but Tomal only scowled at him. Tomal was already angry at the way he mentioned his acquaintance to Teonna and didn't want to say the wrong thing and give Jacks the upper hand. Finally, Jacks leaned forward a little and looked him in the face.

"Alright, I’ll start then. Who is she?" Jacks waited but no answer came from the big man. "I understand your resistance to any questions but it is important to your survival and maybe hers. Who is she really?" Still Tomal gave no response, only a look of contempt. Jacks was becoming a little aggravated so he tried goading him into talking. "You might be curious what I could have done to make her talk. Well it’s quite simple really. Her hair is so soft and smells like spring flowers. A kiss from her is like a bite of cherries, sweet and lingering. I could have held her in my arms forever until my stepfather came and took her away from me. I was really enjoying the time we --" Jacks wasn't surprised when Tomal exploded with anger. It was the reaction Jacks was looking for. Tomal strained against the ropes that held him to the tree. He looked at Jacks with pure hatred in his cold blue eyes.

"You bastard! I'll kill you if you harmed her in anyway. You have no right to talk about her like that. She would never give herself to the likes of you unless you forced her. Fight me like a man you coward. She was to be mine, let me go and I'll show you what happens to those who hurt the people I love." Tomal growled through gritted teeth as he strained against his bonds to no avail. Tomal’s heart pounded with disappointment and hurt at the thought of losing her to this jackal.

"Well now I guessed right, she is the apple of your eye, so to speak. Actually I led you on to believe I had taken her virginity to make you speak. I don't take women I win them. In all actuality she wouldn't have me. I tried, believe me. I was even tempted, for the first time in my life, to force myself on a woman but I couldn't. Something in her eyes melted my heart and I just couldn't. No woman has ever been able to resist me like that.” Jacks reminisced for a brief moment thinking of that moment with Teonna but shoved it off quickly to stay on track. “Now tell me who she is. I don't believe for a minute that she was a simple companion to some rich girl on the way to the Festival. Tell me who she is and I'll tell you where you can find her." Jacks looked at Tomal sincerely. Tomal just stared at him. Finally Jacks walked over to the horses. "It's no matter to me. I’ve got all day. But while you’re setting here with me, my stepfather is on his way to Tempist with her. Tell me who she is." Jacks casually picked up a curry brush and started to brush the closest horse. Tomal's heart raced with doubt.

"How do I know I can trust you to keep your word? You’re a thief, a murderer and a coward." Tomal goaded.

"I always keep my word. I might be a lot of things but my honor is the one thing I cherish and truly say is of my own choice. Just answer the question and we can take it from there." Jacks replied casually.

"Alright, but don't toy with me or you’ll have to kill me before I kill you." Tomal frowned. Unfortunately, at this point Tomal couldn’t see any other way around it. He knew he was taking a chance on revealing her identity. Tomal knew he might be killed afterwards but maybe at the same time it would help her and they wouldn't sell her into slavery. Instead they might try to ransom her back to the King. Jacks nodded his acceptance. "She’s Teonna Dauphlin of Castle Dauphlin, second heir to the throne of the Known Realm. Now tell me where I can find her before it is too late and I’ll spare your life." Jacks looked at him with his mouth open in disbelief. Jacks thought for a moment then realized it could be true as he sat down on the rock again in front of Tomal and swallowed hard.

"You’re not kidding are you?" The look on the big man's face gave Jacks his answer. Jacks hung his head for a moment trying to think of what to do. It all made sense now. The Elvin woman who purchased the two girls was very precise in her instructions. Jacks didn't know who the woman was but she had money and power in the Elvin kingdom. Jacks knew there was only one thing that could be done.

"I'll strike a deal with you. I'll let you go but you have to swear on your honor that you won't try to kill me and I’ll lead you to where you can find her. Deal?" Jacks said with all the sincerity he could.

"Deal! Now cut me loose." Tomal looked at him with those cold blue eyes. Jacks almost walked over to cut them but stopped at the last minute.

"You didn't swear on your honor. First swear it and then I’ll let you go." Jacks raised an eyebrow.

"Alright I swear it on my honor I won't try and kill you." Tomal spit out angrily.

"Or hunt me down?" Jacks added in for good measure.

"Or hunt you down. Now let me go you’re wasting time!" Jacks slid the knife under and through the rope cutting it cleanly then jumped back ready for an attack. Tomal stood up calmly as he pulled the rest of the rope from around him. Stiffly he walked over to his equipment and looked through it. He turned his attention back to Jacks and smiled slyly.

"I too hold my word in great regard. Now show me where they have taken her before I change my mind." Tomal chuckled as he put on his cloak and hat. Then he raised his head slightly and whistled. The black stallion answered his call just like a faithful dog. Without a word, Tomal mounted and turned to see Jacks still standing there as if ready for an attack. Tomal sighed and nodded his head at the horses tied to the tree. Jacks smiled slightly then went to saddle one.

Jacks choose the big bay of Tom's, seeing as Tom wouldn't need it anymore, and gathered up all the things he felt he would need. He let the other horse go, knowing it would return to the stable in town. He attached a quick note to its bridle for Lilly explaining he was detained and would see her on his next trip back. Tomal grumbled something under his breath about wasting time so Jacks hopped up on the bay still not sure if he was ready for this trip. "Nice horse." Jacks said slowly. "I don't know if this one can keep up with him but I’ll give it my best shot." The bay was actually only a hand smaller but not near the same stature. Tomal didn't reply; but instead motioned with his hand for Jacks to lead the way. They rode in silence as they started on their journey to El`Domin Forest, boundary to the Elvin realm.

Tunnels
Teonna wasn’t sure how far they had gone or how long it had been. There was no sense of day or night without the sun to help show time. Sometimes the closeness would start to get to her and she would force herself to think of something else. The tunnels they walked through were wet and dark. At times, the light of the lantern didn't even touch the walls or ceiling. Twice they stopped to rest for long enough she was sure it was hours. She used these breaks to try and learn more about her destination.

William Walker was a lot like Jacks. He often asked her how she was doing and if she needed anything. She asked many questions about where they were going and who was going to buy her. William would answer with a snide reply most of the time. Once she decided to try to get some information from him in the same manner as she had Jacks but William could hold his temper much better than Jacks could. No matter what she said, she couldn’t ruffle his feathers. All she was able to find out was they were meeting an elf somewhere on the other side of the El`Domin Forest and she was not the original target but she would have to do. As far as she was concerned, Lissa was safe. She was still upset about Willis and the others and swore if she ever had the chance she would see them all hang for what they did to the guards. She had given up on Tomal ever finding her. She knew even he couldn't track through solid rock. After what she considered to be days the boredom took away some of her caution and she talked more freely but still refrained from indulging too much about herself.

The one called Manny tried to grope her and force a kiss many times. But William would threaten to cut off an ear or something to keep him in line. During one of the longer resting periods just after Manny had once again tried to force himself on her, William began to speak instead of her starting the conversation. "That man is nothing more than an animal but he does come in handy in a fight. So tell me my dear, where you promised to anyone?" William asked casually. She didn't quite know what to say. It was probably another thing he was going to tease her about but she decided to take the chance and answer him.

"Yes, to a man that’s a hunter; one of the best hunters in the entire Realm. When he hears of what, you’ve done he’ll track you down and kill you all." she tried to sound as sarcastic as William but it didn't quite sound that way to her.

"Well too bad for him then I guess. I don't know of any who can track through rock. So it looks like he’ll have to marry someone else because you’ll be living in the home of your Elvin master." William and the others laughed at her. It really didn't matter because she understood her own folly and hung her head in shame for being stupid enough to answer.

"Tell me what my son talked about. Did he steal your virginity or was the little bastard telling me the truth? He has lied to me before you see.” William watched her carefully to see her reaction. Teonna only glared back at him. Deciding she wasn’t going to indulge, William went on. “The lad definitely has a way with women. He’s always been able to get what he wanted from them. He’s very good at predicting what people want to hear and uses it to achieve his goals." William had a proud expression on his face.

"And you don't?" Teonna replied profoundly.

"Where do you think he got it? He’s been my best student. Jacks was always eager to learn. He would’ve made an excellent bandit and thief but somewhere he got some morality I was never able to beat out of him. It is probably in is breeding. Too bad he isn't completely human. Just a shame and to think you probably liked him too, didn’t you my dear." William smirked back.

"What do you mean not human? He looks human." Te was confused and didn't know if William was playing another mind game with her.

"Well you see my dear; his real father was an elf. His mother was a slave to one for several years but she escaped. When I found her, she was half crazy and almost six months pregnant. I took her in and married her out of the goodness of my heart. She was quite lovely so it wasn’t so bad. Most everyone believed the child was mine. When he was born, I saw he was half elf and I cut the tips of his ears off so they would mature like a human child's. Fortunately for him other eleven traits are inherent. He’s able to see many things in the dark that an ordinary human can't. He moves as agilely as a cat and as quiet. Those traits made him an excellent student for the sword and thievery. After I had taught him everything I could, I found others who could teach him even more. I sent him to the best schools money could buy so he would be able to fit in with the rich society of the realm. He would have been able to infiltrate any wealthy home and we could have made a large profit. But no, some monk or something taught him morals while teaching him to use his hands and feet for fighting. Ruined every dream I had to get back at-" William trailed off for a moment then smiled slightly.

"Regardless, if it came down to it, Jacks could probably kick my ass. But he just doesn't have that killer instinct in him. If cornered, he would probably fight his way free then run. Most people with morals will in that sort of situation. Jacks inherited a lot of his morality from his mother too. Don't get me wrong, she was a good woman and I did care for her. Jacks gets his oval face and nose from her. A beauty she was. When she became sick, I didn't have the money to take her to a healer and eventually she died. At the time, I liked women and gambling too much. It was hard on Jacks for a long time. I think he still blames me for her death. He’s right. It was my fault. Didn't he tell you how much he hated me?" Te was caught off guard by the sincerity in Williams clear gray eyes.

"Actually he didn't talk much about you or her. He mostly asked me about my life and where I came from. As for the girls, you’re right. He does have a way about him, but you are wrong if you think he got that from anyone else. He’s a lot like you. I wouldn't have known he wasn’t your real son by the way he acts. You should let him go or he’ll end up hating you for everything that happens in his life." she knew the last sentence could make him angry again but she had already blurted it out.

"I already realize that my dear. I’ve been driving him away for years.” William stood quickly and grabbed her lead rope signally the others it was time to go again. “I don't want to have feelings for anyone anymore. It would be better for him if he stayed away from me." William said as he walked without looking at her.

"So you don't think he’ll come back?" Te had to know if William really meant what he said.

"No." William sighed and didn't say anymore. She could understand what he felt and remained quiet also as they continued down the tunnel. After a while, she began to feel as if she was being watched from the darkness. She could sense it but was afraid to use her psyche to find out what it was. There seemed to be a sadness that filled the very air she breathed. It was all she could do to keep from screaming due to the emotional pressure. Finally, she couldn't stand the silence any longer. She needed to hear the sound of a voice, anyone’s voice.

"So may I assume this is a favorite path for slavers to take captives into the El`Domin Forrest undetected." she asked of William Walker. He looked at her surprised for a moment then smiled.

"Not really. More like it’s my favorite way. You see, besides Jacks, I’m the only one who knows the way into these tunnels. In addition, I’m the only one who knows the way through them. When I was a younger man, more of a boy actually, I came upon the entrance purely by accident, mind you. It fascinated me so much I returned several times to explore. I mapped out every tunnel and cavern of this place. I worked at it until I found the exit on the other side of the mountains. When Jacks was old enough, I was going to pass the maps onto him, but that is out of the question now.” William sighed clearly disappointed. “Tell me what you can about Jacks. Is he a good person at heart or do you think he’ll become like me?" William stopped the others and instructed them to get out the packs for a meal and rest. He leaned against the wall as he sat and motioned for her to join him. She slid down the wall beside him and held her knees close to her chest thinking.

"I really didn't get to know him that well. You would probably get more out of your men." she laid her chin on her knees.

"I know you didn't get to spend much time with him but he’s different when it comes to the ladies. He opens up more to women than men. Probably a condition from all the times I had to leave him with Lilly and her whores. They were pretty much his only playmates when he was very young and probably why he is so good with the ladies now." William chuckled a little but Te didn't see the humor.

"He did talk to me some but it was usually a line to try to get me to have sex with him. That did seem to be a challenge to him. I guess you could say he is a lot like you really. Polite, cordial, eloquent, flamboyant and shows some respect for people. He definitely showed signs of scruples. I could tell he wasn't a killer or rapist. He wouldn't allow the others to touch me. I guess if you are asking if he was raised right then I would have to say yes and no." she realized the last remark sounded very snobbish but it was too late to take it back. She didn't know what William might say or do to her for it. He had already beaten her for something she had nothing to do with and his anger seemed unpredictable. She looked at him wide-eyed ready for an assault. He looked back at her and smiled regretfully.

"I know that you don't approve of the way I live, but not all of us have a good life. I've done a lot of things but I have always tried to do right by him." William looked the other way quickly hiding his face from her.

"If that was true then why did you keep him? You could have given him to someone who would have given him a better life." she said knowing she could be pushing her luck.

"What do you know about his life? Jacks always had everything he wanted. I made a promise to his mother to always take care of him and never leave him alone. The only reason I let him leave this time was so he could cool off and think about things. Then I’ll take him back." William scowled at her.

"You make it sound like you own him. Are you sure you wouldn't just rather sell him to the elves and not have the responsibility of taking care of him anymore." she said this very sarcastically knowing all too well, what he could do to her.

"You don't know anything. I did the best I could with what I had. Jacks needs to be the man he thinks he is. I can't change that and I know it. If he decides to become a slaver like me then so be it. Even if he decided to become a bounty hunter and track me down for the things I’ve done, I would love him no less. He’s still my son, blood or not." William’s voice was stressed as he stood and called for the others to get ready to leave. She didn't want to press her luck so she decided not to say anymore for a while.

Once again she had to face the depressing boredom of the tunnel. The only things that she could rely on after a while were eating, sleeping and more walking. It seemed they had walked for days then a time came when Will held up his hand as a signal for them to stop. He took one of the lanterns and walked straight ahead of them alone into a vast cavern. Casually he walked forward alone until the light surrounding him was very small. He waved the lantern from side to side as he called back to them. His voice echoed in the hollowness of the huge cavern.

"You can come in now. Head straight for me and don't look at anything no matter what you hear.  Don't run from fear, just focus on me." William instructed firmly. They all started forward as he continued talking to keep their attention on him. They hadn’t taken more than two steps before it started. It was a low moan at first; haunting with a desirable undertone to it. It became louder with each step they took until it was a high screech. She covered her ears but couldn't drown out the shrill scream. She glanced at the horse that walked beside her but it seemed oblivious to the sound. She looked forward at William Walker and it seemed as if they hadn't gone far at all.

The shrieking was starting to drive her mad as it pressed down on her mind. She desperately wanted to bolt forward and run to where William stood but the rope around her throat would prevent it. She could only focus on him like he had said and continue to walk forward. Quickly she glanced around at some of the others and they too had their fingers in their ears and were staring ahead at the light. Just when she thought her mind would snap the assault stopped. There was nothing but silence. She looked ahead for Will and he was less than ten feet away from them smiling broadly with the lantern held high over his head to show the way into another tunnel.

"Doesn't this tunnel ever end?" Te said grimly as she passed him.

"Only on the other side of the mountains my dear." William chuckled. "Are you getting tired of my little tunnel?" He laughed harder as the others walked past him. After several feet, they stopped for another rest. She could hear the sound of scraping rock from behind. She glanced back at William and could see him straining against something. Then she realized it was another sliding rock door. Even if Tomal did manage to follow them through the first passage, that cavern would catch him off guard and he would surely fail. Her heart sank into the deepest pit of her stomach as she finally confirmed she would never be rescued by outside help. She only had herself to rely on. William came forward and took her lead rope from Paulie.

"What was that back there?" she asked sheepishly.

"I call it the Moaning Banshee. I’m not really sure what it is actually. The first time I came there I nearly lost my life to her. I passed out at one point and had a dream about a beautiful woman who was massaging my head gently with her fingers. At first it was wonderfully relaxing but then it started to become very painful, like she was trying to force her long fingernails into my scull. I pushed her away slashing out with my boot knife then ran as fast as I could until I found a way out. I knew I would be lost if I didn't get back to where I had entered the cavern in the first place.

I put bits of cloth in my ears thinking surely that would block the sound but I was a fool. She attacks the mind not the physical being of a person. I almost succumbed to her for a second time but as I fell to my knees, my consciousness slipping away from me, my lantern fell next to something that shined.  In a last effort to save my life, I grasped for it. It was this pendant." William pulled a silver pendant with a flower on it out from under his shirt and showed it to her." I focused on it and found I could force the fear away that she causes. I have kept it ever since and have never seen or heard her again. Jacks had a totally different reaction in there. He calls it the Cavern of Sorrows. He said the first time he was in it he could feel the sorrow almost ooze into him. Strange, anyway, we have about six or seven more hours to go before we can stop and sleep so please be patient." William started to walk in front of her.

"I think I know what he meant. She wants people to join her in there. It’s her fate. That’s probably why there aren't any other creatures around this area." Te said absentmindedly before she realized it was coming out.

"How do you know that? Jacks I can understand, he’s half elf but you’re as human as I am. Or are you?" William stopped and pulled her close in front of him. He had a look of suspicion in his eyes. It started to scare her by the way he was looking at her. He stared into her eyes for long moments then lifted her hair to look at her ears. He frowned and pulled her along with him as he started down the path again.  "You’re not half elf and you’re not a student of the black arts, or so I have been told, so how would you know anything about that banshee back there?" He didn't look at her and spoke in a low voice.

"I don't know how, I just do. I've always been able to feel things. Odd things like that, but I can't explain it. Please stop acting like this you’re scaring me." She explained as best she could. Her voice was starting to shake as she remembered just how quickly his temper could flare up.

"I think Jacks was right about you being different. Let’s analyze this carefully. You’re intelligent and can do some healing so you’ve been educated. You can keep your head about you and have handled this whole abduction very well. That means you have been taught to control yourself in stressful situations. You killed one man and injured another to protect yourself so you can fight if you are cornered. My mind is filling with many possibilities. Care to elaborate?" William looked at her with that sideways grin. Her mind spun trying to think of an easy explanation to it.

"Well I had to attend school as a child. All children that live around a noble house must. An old alchemist taught me some about herbs and some about healing. As far as keeping my head, I don't see how fighting for your life is so special or different. I thought they were going to rape and kill me. It was only self-defense. I didn't mean to kill that man. To be honest, I’m scared but I don't see how losing my control will help me." she let the tears roll down her face to make the masquerade more convincing. Paulie was walking a short distance behind and patted her on the shoulder gently as he limped quickly to catch up.

"I know what you be a meanin’ deary. Will, you’re an ass hole for makin’ this young thing cry over such dumb things. I feel somethin’ every time we walk through that damn place. Like somethin’ tryin’ to pull me away. You’re just too cold hearted to notice anymore. It be bad enough you a takin her away from her home to be a whore to some elf but you got to torture her with stupid questions too?"  Paulie patted her again on the shoulder to comfort her. Will looked at him surprised then started to laugh so loud it echoed down the tunnel.

"Well Paulie, if I didn't know better I would think you had a shine for this sweet young thing. An old man like you! For shame to even think it." William leaned his head back as he laughed even harder.

"William Walker, yer just a bastard, ya are." Paulie shouted back at him embarrassed as he stepped back to the side of the horse he was leading.

"Pick up the pace all of you. We still have a ways to go before we can stop for a long rest." William chuckled again. William would snicker once in a while as he glanced back at Paulie just to get at him. Paulie picked up a rock and threw it at him but he moved easily out of the way and laughed even harder. Te paid little attention to them as she solemnly walked in silence beside William Walker. She allowed the tears to roll down her face. She had given up on any chance of rescue or escape, as it plainly appeared there was no more hope left. Even her desire to talk died as the tunnel itself became more depressing with every minute they spent walking down it's long rough channel.

She could feel the over whelming pressure from the weight of tons of rock overhead. Her state of hopelessness bore down on her mind like a lifeless glob of gloom. She was almost ready to throw herself down in protest of it all when William raised his hand to halt them. He lifted the lantern high over his head as he peered down the tunnel ahead and sniffed the air. She could see concern in his eyes as he stared. He crouched down to the ground and examined the dirt. Slowly he stood and took the rope off from her neck.

"There are new inhabitants ahead. Follow me quickly." He trotted to where the tunnel split into four passages. Again he examined the ground closely then chose a tunnel this time at a run. The rest were hard pressed to keep up with him as he glided down the tunnel pulling her along with him. Manny yelled from the rear for Paulie to move faster and he complained about his leg. Without warning, there was a terrible scream from one of the horses. William stopped in his tracks drew his short sword from its sheath and sliced the ropes that bound her hands in one fluid action. He handed her the lantern and drew his saber a worried look on his face.

"Take the lantern and run for it. Don't stop for anything until you drop if need be, I'll catch you later. Now go!" William spun on his heels and sprinted back to where the others were back down the tunnel. Without question she spun around and ran wildly down the tunnel. It all seemed like slow motion as she ran. She could hear the sound of a battle and a thundering from behind. She soon realized it was the hooves of the frightened horses stampeding after her. She threw herself against the wall as the first one past her. She glanced back down the hall and saw Paulie come into view on the back of one.

He pulled the frightened animal to a stop just barely long enough to pull her up behind him as it bolted forward again. They both lay as low to the animals back as they could hoping the ceiling didn’t get too low while it ran reckless in its frightened state. It seemed like an eternity before it finally showed signs of slowing its maddened pace. Paulie pulled on the reins to stop it again and this time it complied easily. He turned in the saddle and looked back at the blackness behind for a moment then urged the animal to run again. She could feel the nervousness of his mood. He was afraid too.

They rode for a short time more when there seemed to be a light ahead. The lantern she held only gave off enough light to show the tunnel ahead for about twenty feet so they were sure it wasn't from them. Paulie slowed the horse to a walk as they came close enough to see it opened into a cavern. Paulie eased himself off the horse and slid close to the wall in a crouch as he moved toward the opening while she waited on the horse. He carefully peered in then stood up and scratched his head. He motioned for her to join him so she also slid off the horse and led it to where he stood.

Before her was a most wondrous sight. A whole cavern lined with crystal. Light danced gracefully from wall to wall and off the areas of the floor that weren't covered by cave moss. The other horses were grazing on the moss as if nothing had happened at all. The trail led through the middle of the cavern and disappeared out of sight around a large crystal stalagmite. A pool of water sat on one side that bubbled at its middle and flowed gently down a stream that followed the trail. Paulie went straight over to the water and started to drink from it but Te stopped him.

"Have you been here before? That could be poisoned. Where is the backpack that had the healing salve in it?" Paulie limped over to one of the grazing horses and took a large sack off its back. He dug through its contents until he found the pack she wanted. He walked over to where she waited by the pool’s edge and watched as she unpacked its contents in front of her. She dipped the silver bowl in the water then sprinkled some bluish powder in it. The water swirled around turning blue for a moment then cleared up. She smiled at him proudly

"It’s safe, no poisons" she told him and started to put everything back into the pack. Paulie laid on his stomach and put his whole head into the cool water to drink. She followed him and did the same. Paulie wiped the water from his face and looked around the cavern slowly.

"We should stay here. I ain’t been in this part of the tunnels a’ fore and I don't know if I can find the way out. It’s kind of pretty here though." Paulie stood up and limped over to the horses to check them over and make sure they hadn't been harmed. She checked the moss they were eating and found it to be regular cave moss often used to pack wounds. She walked around the stalagmites aimlessly exploring the new environment. Possibly she could find a way out herself if she looked in the right places. Then she heard Paulie's voice echo off the crystal with a strange chime like effect.

"No use wonderin’ off and getting lost Missy. If I know Will there’s no way out of here unless you know exactly where to look. Come on back so I don't have to put those ropes back on ye." Reluctantly she walked back to the pond.

The Tunnel Out 
Paulie had gathered up some dried moss and started a fire. He was already cooking but she needed something to do so she offered to finish for him. They didn't talk during their meal and were both inclined to lay back to sleep after they had stuffed themselves. She awoke later refreshed and stretched to work the kinks from her body. Paulie sat next to the tunnel opening smoking a pipe and looked in her direction.

"How long was I asleep?" she asked as she stood to take their plates with dried food on them to the pond to wash them.

"Only a short bit. I’m getting worried about Will and Manny. They still ain’t showed up. Not a good sign at all." Paulie looked at the tunnel opening expectantly but nothing happened. Slowly he walked to where she cleaned the plates to watch. They spent some time just setting in silence as they waited. Neither one knowing what to say or do about their situation. Then finally the horses raised their heads and perked their ears in alertness. Paulie stood quickly drawing his sword.

"Better hide Missy." he said as he watched the tunnel entrance from behind a stalagmite. She hid quickly behind the closest pile of crystal rubble. The sound of footsteps came echoing from the entrance drawing closer and closer. Eventually Manny came into view carrying William Walker over his shoulders. Paulie limped forward immediately.

"What's wrong with Will?" Paulie spat out excitedly.

"Got stung by one dem thins back dair. Will said not to worry none. Lost four horses to dem thins. Damn shame. You lose the girl?" Manny looked around the campsite carefully.

"Nah she’s hidin'. We weren’t too sure what might be coming at first. Missy come on out now. You don't wanna make Manny mad or he be a ripen yer heart out." Paulie told her casually. Slowly she came out from her hiding place. She knew she was shaking but couldn't control it. The fear of what Manny would do to her now that William was unconscious did overwhelm her. Manny scowled at her harshly.

"You know about healin and such. Get over here an look at im." Manny’s voice was hoarse and she knew he was agitated already so she quickly walked over to her alchemy roll to pick it and the bowl up. Cautiously she walked past Manny with her head down so as not to look into his eyes then kneeled down next to William Walker's motionless body that the big man had laid on one of the bed rolls. William’s breathing was even as if only asleep. She placed her head on his chest to hear his heartbeat. From inside of her alchemy roll she took out an odd little disk about three inches in diameter with a box connected to one side. She twisted a knob that was on one side of it making a grinding sound. When she let go it made another sound like a chirp as it unwound. She held it in front of her as she listened to his heart again. His heart seemed to be all right so the poison wasn't killing him. She wasn't sure what to do.

"He’s just sleeping I think. There aren't any signs of the poison hurting him." She looked up at Manny hoping he would accept this diagnosis without argument.

"Look at his leg. It be real red and infectin." Manny yelled at her loudly. Carefully she examined the place on his thigh that had been struck by a stinger through the hole in his trousers. Manny was right about it being infected and red. The stinger must have been rather large, about 3 to 4 inches long and possibly a half-inch in diameter from the look of the wound. She took out the numbing salve and rubbed it all around the area before attempting to clean it. She probed gently and there did appear to be something still in it. Manny stood over her watching every move as she probed the wound making her very nervous.

"Please give me some room to work." she asked as calmly as she could. Manny started to say something but Paulie stopped him.

"Just do as she asks. He'll be fine just wait and see." Paulie smiled at Manny reassured.

"He save my skin back there. One dem thins was on me and he attacked it like it was nothin. He could a save a horse but he picked me. I just wan im to be ok. You know? No one ever been as good to me as im." The big man hung his head as if ashamed.

"I know he's done a lot for all of us. That’s why we follow him and do wha’ e says. Come on now and I'll get ya something to eat." Paulie led Manny away like a child. Te was amazed at the change in the large man. One minute she was afraid he would kill her and the next he was as gentle as a lamb. The stress from this whole thing was starting to make her doubt everything. All she could think of doing was concentrate on this wound and get through all this as best she could. She worked on William's leg for a long time to get all the infection out once she removed a piece of the stinger. At last she was able to sew it up and put a bandage on it. The redness was already starting to fade. She gathered up all the equipment and put them back in the pack as before then joined the two men by the small fire.

"He'll be fine. That wound was large for a sting. Those creatures must be huge to take down a horse. In a way you saved his life by getting him out of there. You could have easily left him as well and just worried about yourself. So you’re a hero too." she added that last part to make him feel better. Why she cared was beyond her but she did feel bad for him and it seemed the right thing. Manny looked at her for a moment then lumbered over to William and set down.

"That was a nice thing for you to say Miss, under the circumstances and all. Between you and me I think that big old bear has more feelings for Ol' Will then he says. You have a kind heart. I'm sorry we have to take you to the elves but we already been paid in part. Get the rest on delivery. Thank ye for helping with Will and Manny. I know it ain't much but it’s all I can offer." Paulie told her over his shoulder then also walked over to set by William Walker. These men were a confusing breed of people, one-minute bloodthirsty killers and the next caring individuals with a lot of heart. None of this made sense and it hurt her head to think about it. Frustrated she resided to find a blanket to curl up in and went to sleep by the fire. They couldn't go anywhere until he woke up so she was going to take full advantage of the opportunity and get some rest.

"Wake up Miss." Paulie nudged her with the toe of his boot. She looked up at him for a minute not remembering right away where she was. Then it all came back to her and she groaned slightly. "He's bein’ fitful. I think you should look at him again." She got up slowly as she stretched then walked over to the injured man. William seemed to be running a fever and his heart raced rapidly. It could be a dream but she wanted to make sure.

"Could you get me some water and Manny can help me undress him. We need to get the fever down. If that doesn't work we will have to put him directly in the pond." Both men jumped to work without any question. She checked the wound and found it had begun to fester again. She took out the numbing salve and rubbed it on the wound as before. She took out the stitches then used a long needle from the alchemy pack to probe it again.

Sure enough, it felt like there could be more of that stinger in it. Carefully she cut the wound deeper to ensure she could get whatever it was out while Manny undressed him. The stinger had gone almost all the way to the bone. She took extra time to ensure she got it all. This time she left the wound open just in case. Using the cool water Paulie had brought her, she began to wash the sweat from William’s body. She had to admit for an older man he was still in top physical shape and rather handsome. If he wanted he could probably whip almost any young man's butt at a whim. It was no wonder he was able to keep control of these ruffians. By the time she was finished, she was completely exhausted.

"Keep an eye on him. If anything changes, wake me. I have to get some sleep." She knew they were all near exhaustion but someone had to be awake for him just in case. It seemed as if she had just closed her eyes when Paulie woke her again.

"He's shaken real bad Miss." Paulie said worriedly.

"Put a blanket over him and bring him closer to the fire." She said with little patience.

"We did that and it didn't help." She rose up sluggishly and walked over to where they had William rolled up like a baby in the blankets. His head still felt a little hot but the rest of him shook from cold chills. She checked the wound again but it was fine. She believed the poison that was still in his system must have been causing him to have problems with his natural body heat.

"One of you lay down with him to keep him warm. I'm going back to sleep." She started to walk back over to her bedroll, as the men looked at each other not believing what she just said.

"Men don't sleep with other men Miss. It ain't natural." Paulie said profoundly with such distaste she just sighed and grabbed her blanket. This was definitely going against her grain but if William died she would be in a lot more trouble than she was now. She threw her blanket over the top of his and climbed in next to William wrapping her leg and arm over him to give him her body heat. William shook for a little while then as he warmed up, he stopped. Paulie and Manny took turns keeping watch figuring the horses would let them know if anything was coming. Teonna had no idea how long she had slept next to William or when he rolled over to face her. The surprise seemed to be a shared experience when he awoke to find her in his arms. He smiled slyly and kissed her on the forehead to awaken her.

"Well my dear, if you wanted to be in my bed all you had to do was say something. I'm always ready and able." Te opened her eyes to see William’s smile and a twinkle in his eyes. Using all her strength, she pushed out of his grasp and scrambled to her feet. He laughed loud enough the others could hear him.

"You pompous asshole, I was trying to keep you warm. I should have let you die from the shakes." She felt humiliated and embarrassed. It made her so mad she wanted to scream but all she could do was storm over by the pond and set down to sulk. The tears that threatened to swell in her eyes were hard to fight back but she managed. He could make her mad as a hornet just like Jacks. 'And he doesn't think Jacks is anything like him. Little does he know.' She thought as the others laughed along with him at her expense.

"You seem to be feelin' better Will. I didn't know for sure if you was goin' to pull through or not. For a little while anyways." Paulie clapped William on the shoulder. Will rubbed his head then looked around for his clothes.

"A little stiff but I will be fine.” William grimaced slightly as he stood. “The ol' head hurts a bit but it’s expected from that poison. By the way thanks for saving my life. I would have died for sure if you hadn't gotten the stinger out. It works like a snake bite and eventually would have killed me. I owe you one." Will smiled at the other man fondly.

"I'd like to take the credit but it was Manny who carried you here and the lass who saved you. Jacks said she was a healer and he was right. She knew exactly what to do for you. Took out the stinger and even stayed beside you while the effects wore off. You got the chills so she slept with you to keep you warm. Not something one of us would do for someone who had kidnaped us and was goin' to sell us into slavery." Paulie looked at William sideways and saw his words were heard just as he had hoped they would be. William was staring over at her. William pulled his clothes on and walked over to her, not knowing what he should say. She didn't even look at him as he spoke, just stared across the water at the wall.

"Paulie told me what you did, thank you. I can't say I would have done the same for you if the roles were switched but it was very humane of you not to just let me die. Jacks was very impressed with you and now I can see why. Again thank you." William tried to be as sincere as he could. She turned and glared at him in disbelief. Disgusted, she turned her gaze back to the water.

"I did it because if you died then I would be left alone with Manny for protection. The question was who would protect me from him. Paulie? I don't think so." She couldn’t even look at him as she spoke. He reached for her chin but she moved her face and started to get up. He grabbed her by the shoulders and pulled her around to face him. He could see the tear streaks down her face before she pushed away from him.

"Leave me alone!" Teonna got to her feet and ran away from them all. She knew she couldn't go far but the way back was blocked by something she didn't even want to think about. Getting away was all she wanted. She fell down crying with the hopelessness she felt inside her heart. She wept uncontrollably for several moments not caring anymore. Then she made herself get up and run again until she reached the other side of the cavern. Her teary eyes scanned the crystal wall for a way out but found none. She collapsed next to the wall to let it all out. For the first time in her life she thought about death and just how final it would be. She wished she had been killed along with the others back on the road. At least her torment would be over. The feeling of hopelessness would have consumed her but she felt hands picking her up gently. Instinctively she started to fight to get away but even the will to fight had died. Her strength and will were gone.

William Walker wrapped his arms around her. He didn't try to make her return; instead he caressed her hair and talked in soothing tones trying to make her believe everything would be alright. She was tired of it all. Her sanity had almost left her then he picked up her face by the chin and looked into her eyes. She could see the pain deep within him as his aura glowed around him like a beacon for her psyche. It was several colors piled upon each other like layers of discolored dirt. The closest layer to him was calm, honorable and true pale blue. Gradually it changed to deeper, more disturbed colors. Each a thin karma layer of his life force ending at the tormented swirling gray one on the very surface that bled root like tentacles into the others.

She could see the events of his life were weighing heavily on him. All the deeds of his past were clinging to him like layers of skin. The evil was trying to consume his soul by pushing in from outside but the better part of him was still fighting from within. She could see the ripples rise and fall around him from the conflict. She shuddered at the thought that hers could look the same way in the future. She buried her face in his chest and clung to him even harder more afraid to let go than to remain in his arms. He held her for a long time. Lightly he wiped her tears from her face and smiled. Almost the same smile as Jacks but not as wolfish.

"Are you going to be alright? We can stay here for a while if you wish.” William said with concern. He held her for bit more then continued talking almost randomly. “I admit it’s nice to hold a woman like this. I haven't enjoyed holding a woman this much since Marlene died. I held her in my arms until her last breath. For the first time in my life I felt totally helpless. I cried that night. She had meant more to me than I had realized. I made up my mind not to care about anything except what she had asked of me. That was to take care of her son, Jacks. Marlene had it in her mind he was some kind of prince. I guess all parents feel that way. I have a son of my own. I gave him up because I felt it was better for him.” He sighed heavily. “I don't like what I do for money, but it has given me what I needed to make life easier on Jacks. Most children in his position would have gone to an orphanage or workhouse. I saw to it he went to the finest schools. When he was old enough, I had to let him see what real life was. I don't blame him for hating me but reality is important to survival.

You can say you hate me too if you want. I've hurt enough people in the past it will only be another link to the chain I’ll wear in hell." She heard a sob in his voice and looked into his face. A single tear slid free from the corner of his eye. Te could tell that even now he was fighting hard to contain his emotions. They held each other for what seemed a long time not saying anything. Finally, he pulled away from her. "I have to take you back now before the others come to look for us. Please don't give me a hard time." He offered his hand for her to take. She knew there was nowhere for her to go and he could catch her easily even if she did try to run. Paulie already told her she was paid for and nothing could change that. Sadly, she took his hand and followed him back to the camp. Neither of them said a word to one another for a long time. William couldn’t even look at her. The guilt was almost more than he could bear.

Manny already had the horses roped back together and they stood expectantly by the pond. None of them said anything as William followed a path that led to a different place in the wall from where she was before. "It has been many years since I was in this cavern. But if I remember right the tunnel should be around here somewhere. Spread out and look for a dark place in the crystal. That should be it. The men set apart from each other until they were almost thirty feet apart. Manny gave a whistle and the others trotted to where he was. Te watched by the horses patiently knowing her chances of escape were becoming fewer and fewer. Walker came back for a shovel but didn't look at her. He took it to Manny and pointed at the dark place in the crystal wall.

"Hit it in the middle a couple of times. That should cause it to shatter." William instructed. William and Paulie stood back as Manny swung the shovel high in the air to use all the leverage in his massive arms to strike it. His body strained under the impact as the shovel hit solidly. The sound reverberated throughout the cavern causing less stable crystal chunks to crash to the cavern floor. Again he smashed it with all his strength but the wall wouldn't give. Manny became angry and hit the wall repeatedly making continual vibrations flow into the caver. A low rumble began then became almost deafening. It echoed through the huge cavern causing more crystal to fall. William and Paulie grabbed Manny’s arms but it was too late. A chain reaction had been created and whole stalactites fell from the ceiling crashing into other formations on the floor causing chunks to explode into the surrounding area. Each crashing sound caused more vibrations. It appeared as if the complete mountain was coming down upon them.

The horses reared in freight trying to break free of their restraints. Te couldn't think of what to do as fear overcame her as well. She looked at the men as they dodged falling pieces of crystal and rock then at the wall that stood in their way. The last thing she remembered was staring at the hole covered by the crystal wall and thinking it must shatter. Suddenly it exploded with such force that Paulie and Manny were sent sprawling onto the path.

William ran back to retrieve her and the horses but found her lying face down. He gently rolled her over and saw her face was bruised and bleeding from small cuts where crystal shards had hit her. He quickly put her over the saddle of the nearest horse. He was hard pressed getting into the saddle himself as the animal danced and reared up several times in the excitement. He waited only long enough to make sure both men had successfully mounted before letting his horse have its head. It bolted out of the cavern through the tunnel that had been opened by the exploding wall. They all raced down the tunnel clinging low to the saddles as fast as the horses could run. The sound of smashed crystal followed their escape making them believe it was following them down the tunnel. They ran until the rumble could no longer be heard from behind. Slowly they began to bring the nervous animals to a walk.

"We need to stop and check the girl. I think a piece of the ceiling fell on her. I found her lying on the floor and she didn't look very good." William pulled up on his reins and the other two waited as he slid down pulling her with him. He gently laid her across his lap to examine her head while Paulie retrieved a lantern for light. Paulie held it over William as he looked at the cuts and bruises on her face. Her even breathing told him she was simply unconscious. William tried patting her face a bit but it didn't help any. Manny gave him a canteen of water and some rags from the alchemy pack for her. William washed her face and cleaned the blood from the gash in her scalp. It wasn't deep but was probably what knocked her unconscious he surmised. He splashed some of the water on her face but she still didn't awaken. The concern was evident on his face. 'What have you done to yourself now?' William wondered in silence. He was not a brilliant man but was smart enough to know that wall hadn’t exploded by itself. He wasn’t sure if this girl had anything to do with it but he didn’t want to take any chances.

"We need to get her to some fresh air let's go. Grab those horses and come on. Manny, you hand her to me." William jumped onto his horse and leaned down for her. Manny looked at him for a second then stepped back.

"How come she ride wit you? I can take er good. You still sickly lookin." he looked at William slyly.

"This horse isn't as rough to ride as yours. Just give her to me and we’ll discuss this later. Come on Manny hand her over. I might be a little weak but I can still kick the hell out of the likes of you. Hand her over!" William said with demanding authority. Manny scowled at him but obeyed like the good lackey he was. William knew he had screwed up by spending so much time with her before but there wasn’t anything he could do to change that now. Manny was probably suspicious of his intentions toward the girl but William knew he could talk that slow witted fool into most anything as long as he played it right. They rode for only a few hours more before they came to another huge cavern with several tunnels leading out of it.

William instructed Manny and Paulie to each light a torch, then each starting from opposite sides and stood in front of each opening. He watched closely until one of the torches showed signs of an air current. He prayed that the years had been good to the tunnel and not collapsed it. Here he dismounted leaving Te's unconscious form draped over the saddle. He instructed the others to stay there with the girl while he checked it out. William drew his sword and slowly crept quietly down the passage. He didn't know for sure how far he had gone before he saw the glimmer of light ahead. Moving even slower, he inched his way cautiously toward it until he found its source. He cautiously continued to the cave entrance to peer out. The sight was almost over whelming. The day was just slipping away over the western skyline below the tops of the El`Domin Forest, the boundary between the Elvin kingdom and the Known Realm of the humans. The green canopy of the dark forest stretched in all directions as far as he could see. He took in a deep breath of the fresh mountain air as he gazed on.

He calculated only six more days to the north and he would be rid of his burden. But in his heart he didn't want to be rid of her. He wanted to let her go back to her home, but if he did that he would lose all respect of his men and the elf that had purchased her would have his head. They were already a day behind his schedule from what he could figure. If they missed the rendezvous point they would have to take her all the way to Tempist and that was a dangerous place for any human, even a slaver. Most elves hated all humans regardless of their profession. He returned to the others only after figuring out how long until full darkness. Te was still unconscious. Paulie was holding her head in his lap as he gently washed her face with the same rag William had used before. The look on his face was like that of an old mother hen worrying over it's young. Manny stood over by the horses inspecting them, for what William wasn't sure but otherwise staying occupied. Paulie looked up as William approached him.

"She has sweetness about her so innocent you can't help but want to protect her. I don't know what it is but I wish we didn't have to take her to the elves Will. They’re gonna ruin her spirit." Paulie looked back down at her bruised face frowning.

"I know what you mean Paulie. I was feeling the same--" William started but was rudely interrupted.

"Would you two stop fussin over that girl? She be merchandise, not a friend. I thin she be a witch or somethin. Got you both playin’ in er hands she does. I be gittin’ sick of it I tell ya, so stop it. Start treatin’ er like da prisoner she is so she be gittin use to it. It wone be so ard on er den. We should a took er back there so the fear of a man wouldn't be a shock. But no, you an da boy gotta be gentlemen." Manny towered over them frowning seriously. William looked at him and knew Manny was right about most of it but still would never give on the point of raping her. William kneeled down, took her from Paulie and walked her over to lay her against the wall. He tied both her hands together after checking her one last time. He then returned to his two companions.

"You’re right my friend, I have let her plight get to me when I was the one who caused it. I'm glad one of us can keep a straight head. I tell you what, when we get back to Knife's Clef, I will make sure you get the best woman at Lilly's for a week. Just for being there and keeping me on the right track." William clapped Manny on the back smiling. The truth of it hurt and he knew he had to face it now, she belonged to an elf and that could not be changed. "We'll stay here for a while and wait for it to get dark enough to be concealed and then make our way down to the forest that way when the sun comes up in the morning it won't hurt our eyes so much.

We’ll have to travel all day and night to make up for the time lost by my accident. Make sure everything is packed tight so we can leave when I say. Maybe sleeping beauty will be awake by then.” He glanced over at her as an evil grin spread across his lips. “Perhaps she needs a kiss from a handsome prince. We'll take turns sleeping with her for warmth. Absolutely no sex though, she has to remain pure for that elf or we’re all dead men. Manny you can have her first then Paulie and then me and so on until we make the rendezvous." Manny chuckled boyishly. He went straight to work checking the horses and packs as he giggled to himself. Paulie tugged on Walker's sleeve as he watched his big friend giggle and mumble to himself.

"Will, how could you do that to her? She’s scared to death of Manny. He was going to rape her when we first caught her. She will go insane havin to sleep next to him pawing at her." Paulie said with sincerity in his eyes as he looked up at William.

"Paulie you need to turn your heart cold toward her too. We can't change the way things are so it’s best to get the grief out now. No guilt either. She isn't any different from any other girl we've stolen. This way one of us can always keep an eye on him and be sure he doesn’t slip up and do anything to get us killed. Moreover, by putting her with one of us each night he won't think I’m hoarding her for myself. He’s upset by what happened back at the crystal cavern, I can tell. He’s suspicious and I can't afford any more screw-ups. A simple minded bloke like him doesn't see things the way you and I do Paulie. Manny is right about one thing though; we have to break our connection to her as quickly as possible. If we don't deliver at least one of the girls to that elf, we are surely dead. We won't make it out of the El`Domin Forest alive. Now let's get some rest before we have to make our way down that narrow path to the bottom of the mountain." William sat with his back against the wall and looked over at the unconscious girl. His heart felt sad but he didn't have enough will power to do the right thing for her by letting her go.

*****************

Te woke up to a kiss on the lips. Her head hurt terribly but she forced her eyes open to see who it could possibly be. She screamed and tried to fight when she saw it was Manny who held her in his arms. She tried to reach up to scratch his eyes out but found her hands were tied together again and her arms were pinned by the bear hug he had on her. Laughter from behind let her know they weren't alone. She twisted around far enough to see William and Paulie where the ones laughing.

"Please Walker, make him let me go. Please, I beg you!" she cried in terror. The smell of his rancid breath was choking her so much she was gagging on bile. She didn't know what to think; they both turned against her and tore her faith apart like a piece of paper. Tears rolled down her face as she realized she couldn't trust anyone again.

"Ok Manny, she’s had enough. Let her go." William chuckled nonchalantly. But Manny didn't listen to him. He felt he deserved something after all that happened and he meant to have it regardless of what William thought or wanted. He groped her freely and tugged at the belt that held her pants. She screamed again in terror truly believing this time he wouldn't be stopped. To her surprise, Manny was kicked in the middle of the back and she was flung from his grasp as Manny yelped in pain. She rolled to her knees and sprang up to run for the trees but Paulie grabbed a hold of her before she got more than two steps. Manny sat on his legs rubbing his back for a moment, his face wretched with pain. He forced himself off the ground and lunged at William who moved easily to one side avoiding him. Manny hit his head against a tree knocking him silly for a moment.

"Don't be messin with him this morning Manny. He's not in a good mood. Seems he got his bad temper back last night and is as mean as ever. If you want to hold onto your skin you’d better do as he says. He has kicked your ass many times in the past and I know he can do it again sept this time he will kill you. That’s how bad a mood he’s in. Now be a good man and get your things together." Manny looked from Paulie to William who sneered at him. He stood up slower this time and rubbed his head gingerly. A small amount of blood trickled down his forehead from a cut on his scalp. Walker offered him his hand but he slapped it away and gave him a contemptible glare as he walked toward his horse. It wasn't over for William as he grabbed Manny's shoulder spinning him around and took his shirt in the other hand to pull him close to his face.

"You got something to say asshole, say it now. I got a lot of planning to do and I don't need to worry about being stabbed in the back while I ain't looking. Get it through your thick skull you can't have her. She belongs to someone else and if you keep this attitude up I'll sell you along with her and be done with it. You got the picture now?" William screamed in his face. Manny pulled his hand off his shirt and glared back at him.

"Maybe I should just kill you Will. Right here, right now!" Manny hollered back hotly. They both appeared to be angrier than Te had seen before.

"You think you’re man enough you half-witted fool let's go and stop wasting time." William drew his saber in readiness and started to pace off in a fighting stance. "This will be the last time. I'm gonna skin you alive and leave you for the buzzards. Come on your bastard, it’s your move." Manny drew his own sword and stood in a half crouch staring at William for a long time. Finally, he stood up straight with a half grin on his grimy face.

"Ok, I see the truth in dem words. You be the same Will Walker I knows all dem years. I was thinkin’ you was goin soft on us Will. Good ta see ya back." Manny put his sword away and offered William his hand as he started to laugh. William took it and they all started to laugh accept Te who believed they had all gone mad. Then William told them to mount up. Teonna was placed on one of the pack animals to ride alone. She glanced at the dark forest around them and realized they were already out of the mountains. Her mind twirled with thoughts of what might happen next. Most were questions of ‘How long was she unconscious?’ and ‘How much farther until they met up with the elves?’ It would be too soon for her at any rate. She shuttered from fear that swelled in her heart as they headed deeper into the dark trees of El`Domin Forest.

Rescued
The night was cold with new frost in the air. This patrol had lasted for three long days but if he hurried, he would be home by midnight. Dax jogged along at a good pace with his companion, a large white wolf, trotting beside him. A soft warm bed and a good meal were more inviting then anything he could think of except maybe a warm body to lay next to. Well that would come in six more months. His life in the military would be at an end and he could go back to his music and sharing himself with the ladies of the court. His father expressed in his last letter that he wanted Dax to stay in the service like his brother, Alex, and become an officer but Dax knew it wasn't the life for him. His family had enough wealth so he didn't really need a job. Alex, on the other hand liked the authority it gave him over others. It suited Alex well; he had always been bossy growing up so it was a natural position. Dax was a good swordsman and a fair tactician but he enjoyed the finer things in life like music, parties and women.

Five years of this nightmare was enough for Dax and in the spring, it would all be over. He could go back to Tempist and take up his normal life. At this moment, he wanted to return to his cabin and eat something hot but not necessarily good for you. He could almost taste the sweetness of canned fruit on toast. Even the smell seemed real. Suddenly the wolf stopped and looked into the darkening forest to the side of the trail with its ears perked. It gave a yip before leaping into the bushes.

"Geawa!" Dax called after it but there wasn't a response. 'Damn that wolf! It’s probably another deer. Oh well, it will make some good jerky for the winter and help to feed him.' Dax thought as he followed. His footsteps fell like leaves on a breeze as he glided across the forest floor as agile as a deer. His eyes enhanced all the shapes and shadows as he went. Almost half a mile from his original path, he spotted a large heat source like a fire. This must be what the wolf had detected. More cautiously, he prowled like a cat stalking its prey. His eyes scanned the forest ahead for any signs of heat to be sure it wasn't a trap. As he got closer, he could see it was a camp fire just like he thought.

He found the wolf crouched behind a bush fifty yards away from the fire. Together they moved forward to a large bolder at the edge of a small gully. Concealed in the darkness they would be able to take their time and watch. What they saw surprised Dax and almost appalled him at the same time. Three humans were camping in the small clearing at the bottom of the gulch. It was very strange and bold for these men to be so far inside the El`Domin Forest this time of the year. At one end of the gulch they had several horses tied to a rope that stretched between two trees and many large packs. They didn't have any tents up even though one pack had poles and canvas enough for one or maybe two. It could mean they are waiting for someone to arrive soon and were only stopping for a rest. Dax concluded they were probably horse thieves on the run and were headed to a northern outpost to sell their wares. This was nothing for him to be concerned about so he turned to leave.

Geawa whimpered to him so low he almost didn't hear it even with his sensitive ears. The wolf looked back at the encampment as if he wanted Dax to look again. Once again, Dax kneeled down in the cover of the bushes to watch these humans closer. Then he spotted something he didn't see before. There was a female tied to a tree not far from the horses. Dax couldn't believe he had missed her. 'Well now, this could be interesting.' He mused to himself. Next to her were two chests with locks on them. These were also of interest. The wolf slid past him silently before he could grab him.

"Geawa! Where do you think you’re going?" Dax whispered harshly but the wolf didn't come back. It stopped briefly to look back at him expectantly before it crouched behind a large bush a mere ten feet from the fire. Dax didn't understand what the wolf was up to but it had never steered him wrong in the past so he scrambled on his belly to lie next to the wolf. From this vantage point, he could see that the female was only a girl of about seventeen human years. The men probably kidnaped her with the intent of selling her. If she’s a virgin, she would be worth a small fortune in Tempist. Briefly, it crossed his mind to approach them and ask for her but then why do that when he could take her. They were trespassing in Elven territory after all.

Carefully Dax summed up his opponents. One fellow was rather small with a limp, not a problem. Another was huge as an ox and could be a problem if he could move faster then he looked. The last had two swords that hung at his waist and a stern expression on his lean face. His movements were fluid and eloquent. This one would definitely take an effort to dispose of. Dax held a hand on the wolf's back to keep him from jumping too soon and watched them more closely for any signs of weakness. This would take some timing. The girl appeared to be sleeping and her hands were already tied so it wouldn’t be hard to subdue her. For a moment, he felt a sort of empathy toward her as he gazed at her bruised dirty face. He would have to clean her up and see if she had any real looks.

****************

"Manny, it's your turn to keep her tonight. You can go get her if you want; I think she’s ready to sleep from the looks of her. Better be sure no funny stuff or else!" The man with the swords snapped sharply breaking Dax’s concentration on the girl. The big man smiled with half-rotted teeth as he walked quickly toward the girl. She opened her eyes and slid feebly away as far as the rope allowed her. He took hold of the end that was tied to the tree to pull her closer. She dodged the large man’s free hand as he tried to grab her. The brute gave one tug on the rope and she was flung forward into his bear hug. He tried to kiss her but she clawed at him and left deep scratches down one side of his already ugly face. The smaller man limped over quickly just as she kneed her big opponent in the groin making him bend over in pain. The small man reached for her in an attempt to control her but she moved faster than him.

She grabbed the knife at smaller man’s side and shoved it into his chest as they struggled. The little man fell back motionless to the ground. The large man stepped forward again as she swung the deadly weapon at him but he caught her tied hands in the air and back handed her with his free hand. The impact sent her flying back into the tree. She slid down it to the ground unconscious. "Little bitch killed Paulie, Will. I don' care no more. She be gittin ers now." The ox of a man reached down and ripped at her clothes wildly. The other man rose up from his spot by the fire and started over to where the big man prepared to rape the girl. To help her or assist the big man Dax didn't care as he took his hand from the large wolf's back. In one bound Geawa jumped from their hiding place onto the unsuspecting swordsman. There was nothing left for Dax to do but attack the large man. The swordsman gurgled helplessly with his last breath as the great jaws of the wolf crushed his throat like it would a helpless fawn.

The larger man turned to the sound of his companion and stepped right into the downward slash of an Elvin sword. Disbelief showed in in the large man’s eyes as a dagger was driven solidly into his exposed chest. Dying eyes landed on the assailant as the elf spun away then crouched, ready for a return attack that wouldn’t come. Manny’s large form crashed to the ground in a lifeless heap. Dax smiled when he realized the human men all lay dead on the ground and with little effort on his part. It went so well he would have to pat himself on the back and write it down in his journal. Of course, the girl had killed one of them but he could improvise something for that. She had a lot of spirit which was a good sign she might still be a virgin and would make her worth more. Dax casually put his weapons away as he walked over to inspect his prize.

Slowly he leaned over to see if she was seriously injured or possibly faking it. Her breathing was even as if asleep. Her shirt had been torn open by the large man's assault exposing her breasts. Dax smirked as he removed a glove from one hand and slid his fingers across her bare skin. She didn't even flinch, definitely unconscious. He thought about taking her for only a moment, he had never been with a human, but disregarded the idea after weighing the circumstances. It would definitely depreciate her value on the market if she wasn’t a virgin and besides what fun would it be with her unconscious. Dax never did like docile females that just laid there and didn’t show enthusiasm.

He quickly covered her exposed breasts to calm himself and cut the rope so he could move her closer to the fire and see what other damage she may have taken. Her lip was split from when the big man hit her and her scalp was cut from the tree bark when she fell against it but otherwise she appeared to be all right. Cleaned up she might even be attractive, for a human. Well he would see when he got home. With horses he could travel faster and it wouldn’t take as long. Dax looked over at the wolf that was rummaging through some of the open packs of food then glanced over at the horses. Most were wide-eyed and alert keeping an eye on the wolf. He left the girl by the fire and went to inspect them. He found several of them were of excellent breeding and undeniably worth the fight for them.

Dax grinned quite pleased with his accomplishment as he loaded the packs back on them and tied them in a line one after another so there would be only one trail. He took a cloak that one of the men left lying on a rock and wrapped the girl in it. Then he lifted her in the saddle and leaned her forward as he gracefully leaped on behind her so he could hold her in place as they rode. Even with this minor delay, he believed they would make it to the cabin before the turn of the evening. He hadn’t spoken the common language of the humans for some time so to be sure he could communicate with her he began chatting to himself cheerfully in the human tongue as they rode. When he realized he said something wrong he started to laugh and looked at the wolf. Geawa would cock his head to the side and make him laugh even harder.

He looked at the string of horses behind him feeling rather proud of himself. Most of all he was proud of the prize he now held in the saddle in front of him. He didn't know exactly what he should do with her all winter considering his brother had already made his end of the year rounds and wouldn't be back until the spring thaw. He knew he could teach her many things, mostly how to be a proper slave. The Elvin language and culture would be a blessing for her to learn considering humans were barbarians. He felt a cool breeze run across his face so he looked to the sky. The stars were slowly being blocked out by dark clouds of an oncoming storm. He prompted the horses to move faster as snow lightly fell to the ground. He began to think about how strange it really was for slavers to be so far within the Elven territory. Most human slavers used the shipping lanes that came up the Falling River to the Great Inland Sea far to the south. It really didn't matter much. They were probably only thieves and had not planned to sell the girl to elves anyway.

Most likely, they were headed north to one of the human outposts or pirate cities to sell her and their goods. They could wait out the winter there and return south in the spring. They had gotten off course is all and wondered too far within the forest. That only showed how stupid humans were. Dax remembered a time two years ago when he went with his brother on a raid of a human settlement too far within the El`Domin Forest. There was a lot of bloodshed. All those who wouldn't submit were killed, including women. He had never felt so guilty in all his life. It was foolish and a waste of life. But his brother said they had no time to waste on un-trainable humans. Why elves and humans fought in the first place, had been lost in the pages of time. Only the historians of old might have some recollection of what had transpired to cause such a bloody rivalry. Elves were a superior race by all means but Dax had little use for the war and found most of the arguments stupid and mundane. That’s probably why his father made sure Dax had been posted way out here in no man's land without company.

The only reason they had any contact at all with humans was for the women. Elven females were prone to a disease that would make them unfertile before they could bear any children. Human females were immune to it so elves had turned to breeding with only the best stock they could acquire. Any unsuitable females were used for labor and the pleasure of their masters but never allowed to bear a child of an elf. If one became pregnant, it was taken from her at birth and sent up north to the mines. In Elven society the structure was very delicate so even this had to be controlled closely. The first generation of a controlled union, or a half-breed, was always a slave and used only for breeding. The second generation, or three quarter elf, was allowed to learn skills that were useful in Elven society but were still slaves. A third generation was given more freedom and rights but still was considered slaves by most.

Only the fourth generation had the full rights of full citizenship. This process took almost sixty years to accomplish. Elven females took two years to bear a child and almost three times as long for the child to mature enough to breed so the more pure blood they were the longer it took to accomplish the inevitable. Dax was seventy-five and had only seen a few pure bred Elven children born from such unions. He felt it was all nonsense and they should just go to the humans with a truce and explain the problem. It would be a lot easier if they just cooperated with one another instead of fighting. But he wasn't a member of the parliament so his view went unheard. It didn't matter anyway, he was going to study to be a minstrel for the courts and entertain for the king. That was where his talent lay.

Dax spotted the silhouette of his cabin ahead of him. The snow was falling in big moist flakes and covering the ground quickly. He rode the horse straight into the large barn and dismounted bringing the girl down with him. The animals would be fine until morning when it was daylight and he could check them over more thoroughly. For now he needed to get his passenger and the other items he had acquired inside for safekeeping. He gently lifted the girl up in his arms and walked toward the door leading into the cabin. Despite her height she was fairly light but didn’t appear to be scrawny. He quickly carried her to the smoking couch by the fireplace to lay her down then he started a fire. Once satisfied it would remain lit he went back out into the barn and unloaded the packs from the horses before leading them into stalls.

As an afterthought, he threw some hay down for each animal then filtered through the bundles for the chests. These he took into the cabin and set on the table in the kitchen where he could keep an eye on the girl. The first contained fancy women's clothes and some exquisite pieces of jewelry but nothing more. The second had items of more interest in it. There were books and ledgers with many inscriptions he didn't understand. He also found sealed inkwells, quills and blank pages on the bottom ready for use. It didn't matter what they read, he didn't care about the wealth of whomever they belonged to. Disappointed he threw the books back in with a hollow sounding thud. Ordinarily he wouldn't have paid much attention but the hollowness was so distinctive he just had to take a second look.

Once more, he took everything out of the chest and piled it on the table so he could examine the chest more closely. He turned it on its side and back again scrutinizing every inch of its make. It dawned on him that the bottom on the inside was higher than the bottom on the outside. He used his belt knife on the edges of the inside until he managed to get the bottom to pop up. There he found a compartment packed with cloth to keep anything from rattling around. In the middle of this he found a black velvet pouch with gold stitching. He raised an eyebrow when he saw the crest stitched on one side. He didn't recognize it to be Elven so he knew it could only be from a human noble family.

Slowly he opened the pouch by the drawstrings and dumped the contents out on the table. He almost choked as he stared at the golden scepter inlaid with beautiful jewels and matching crown that was more like a head band. Both had the same crest as the pouch. His mind began to reel at the possibilities of where these had come from. What if this girl belonged to a rich human family or worse, the royal family? That could be devastating to the war efforts. If the humans had a reason to attack, they could annihilate the Elven populace in one fell swoop. It may take a year or two but Elven scholars had confirmed the possibility over two decades ago. Humans outnumbered elves by almost ten to one and elves have no allies so they would be hard pressed to hold off the entire human army. He suddenly realized something more important. If she was a member of the royal household then there could be someone looking for her at this very moment. He dashed to the door as he grabbed his coat.

A cold gust of wind hit him in the face as he flung the door open to head outside. He looked up at the dark sky full of snowflakes that fell in multitudes to the ground. There was already three inches or better on the ground and he realized that there was little chance of anyone being able to pursue them in this weather. He would travel to the campsite in the morning to be sure no one had been there. But in the meantime he was very tired from the long day. Convinced that the weather would conceal their trail he went back into the cabin. He pulled the old rocking chair closer to the fire and sat down as he lit his pipe. The soothing effects of the Dreamweed relaxed his mind and his body as he stared at the fire. He looked over at the couch and smiled as multiple possibilities flooded his mind. Calmly he laid the pipe on the hearth and laid his head back to relax more.

******************

A cold wet nose nudged his hand. At first, the events of the previous night were like a distant dream. Dax yawned and stretched as he stood to let the wolf out for the morning. He glanced at the table with the chests on it and the memories flashed back into his mind like a flood. Quickly he dashed back to the couch to check on the girl. She was still sleeping. Relieved he walked back to the kitchen window and glanced out at the day. It had dropped almost two feet over night and was still coming down. There was no way anyone could have followed them in that storm. He firmly believed he had made away with her safely.

He decided to take the chests and put them back with the rest of the packed items. The pouch with the scepter and crown he would have to hide better so he took them outside of the barn and placed them in a hole under a rock next to the barn he had dug himself earlier the first year he was there. It was a place to hide things that no one else knew about. He quietly walked back into the cabin and glanced over at the couch. She was still asleep. The girl might be hungry when she awoke so he decided to make something for breakfast. The meat locker was just off the kitchen and the cellar door was next to it so everything he needed was easily accessible. Toasted bread with honey butter would be nice too. With that thought in mind, he headed down the stairs to the cellar for some fresh honey.

Strange Company
The fire was low and would probably be the last one until after they found her. The elves had scouts and posts all along the El`Domin Forest. They would have to be very careful from here on out. For two days they said little to each other. Jacks was wondering how long his luck would hold out with this cold-hearted hunter. Tomal made it clear that once he had Teonna back he would make sure all the people involved with her abduction paid.

“We should be at the forest edge in another day the way I figure it. Once we enter the forest we have to be very careful. It's easy to lose your way in there," Jacks said trying once again to break the silence.

"Maybe for you. If you are raised in the woods, it’s like going home," Tomal didn't even look up from cleaning his bow.

"Look, I admit what I did was wrong and I’m ready to go back and pay for it. I tried to get the old man to let her come with me but he wouldn't hear of it. She’s really special you know? Of course you do, that was a stupid question. I could get caught up in that voice. And those eyes Wow! Damn, you’re a lucky man to have someone like that love you," Jacks stared out into space and didn't even know if Tomal had heard him. Jacks glanced back at the fire and realized that Tomal was looking in his direction with a strange look on his face. Jacks prepared to dodge to the side quickly in case the big man attacked but then Tomal started to talk.

"I don't know if she loves me. I know I love her but she never really said she loved me. It doesn't matter though. I’m still part of the castle guard and I have my job to do. It’s up to me to find her," Tomal stroked the long black bow gently.

"And if you find her it’ll look really good for your career. I mean it can't hurt. She’s a princess or whatever they call it. I've never really thought about what they are. You know the ones who rule over us," Jacks was caught off guard now that he had finally gotten a word out of Tomal that wasn't a threat. Jacks thought hard of what else to say to keep Tomal talking so the night wouldn't be so boring. "What is it you do exactly? Are you a guardsman or a huntsman?" Jacks waited for a long time and almost gave up when Tomal looked at him and sighed. He laid the bow down on his lap and placed the cleaning cloth back in the quiver.

"Since you will not cease this talk of yours and if it will make you be quiet, I'll answer some questions. I'm the top hunter at the castle. What do you do? Don't tell me! You’re a slaver, right?" Tomal said as sarcastically as he could. It was obvious he didn't want to talk.

"Well if you didn't want to talk just say so and I won't say another thing," Jacks felt a bit insulted by Tomal’s remark regardless of how true it might be.

"Suits me just fine," Tomal spit out hotly as he stood and retrieved his bedroll. He flipped it out next to the fire and lay down to sleep. Jacks watched him intently and thought about what he must be feeling. The man didn't have to like him or even try to be nice. The only reason Tomal hadn't killed him by now was because Tomal didn't know where to look for Teonna.

"You’re right I guess. I never wanted to admit it to myself. I always considered it borrowing so it wouldn't seem so bad. But people are different. I might be a thief but I’m not a slaver. At least I wasn't until this time. The old man didn't give me much of a choice in this one. He has a way of making me feel like I owe him everything. He pushed me to be like him. But I’ve always known inside I wasn’t. What he does for money is just plain wrong. Te showed me that. She has a way of making it so clear. You know that though don't you? How long have you been in love with her?" Jacks had to change the subject before tears started to fall. Inside his heart was already crying. Tomal looked at him as if he wanted to kill him but then his face softened when he realized the pain in Jacks' face was real. Tomal caught the trail of a tear that rolled down the younger man's face before he was able to wipe it away.

"Almost two years. It no longer matters though. I made a promise to another to take care of his love and child. That will come before my own heart," Tomal sighed as he laid his head back in his hands and stared up at the stars. "You can be annoying when you want to be. Why don't you go to sleep?"

"I'm not tired. You could teach me how to shoot your bow and I could teach you how to defend yourself better. That might make me tired," Jacks smiled at Tomal sideways to see if the big man was totally aggravated yet.

"You’re a little asshole. Where did you get all that energy?” Tomal said with exaggerated annoyance. “It’s really too bad I have to take you in for the murder of Captain Willis and the kidnaping of the Princess. You would have made an excellent soldier or hunter. Your intelligent, good looking and I’ve seen how you are with women. You could go a long way with talents like that so why become a criminal?" Tomal rolled over just enough to see if he had ruffled Jacks a bit this time but was sadly disappointed.

"I told you I had little choice," Jacks smiled back at Tomal as if he knew what the hunter was up to.

"That doesn't make sense. Everyone has a choice no matter what it is," Tomal was persistent in his questioning.

"Pops isn't my real father. He took my mother in and married her knowing I wasn't his child. He has always tried to give me more than most poor boys get but he’s a thief and a slaver. Every time we argue he would make it clear that I owed him for taking care of my mother. He’s right that she would have ended up dead or in a brothel if he hadn't. Of course, that isn't so bad I guess compared to starving to death. Anyway, I felt like I had to do it to pay him back. He always complained he gave up so much in order to marry her and make my life good. You want to know the truth; my life wasn't all that good. The schools he sent me to were ok, but I never really fit in. I would have to run away from the others or I would get beat up.

They couldn't handle the fact I was better with the girls then them and they all claimed I was of low breeding and didn't deserve to be among them. The old man taught me how to use a sword and found others to teach me more but swords weren’t allowed on the school grounds. They would beat the hell out of me at least once a week. So I learned to run and tumble as quickly as possible to avoid them. I can run pretty fast and jump, but there were times when they still caught me by cornering me. The old man said it built character. I don't know about that but it did make me start to use my wits more than brawn. Most the time it did seem like he was trying to look out for me until now.

It all started with him asking me to sneak into a party or a house at night to steal gold. Then I graduated to highway robbery from a caravan or solitary coach. This was the first time it was people. I didn't even know what was going on until it was too late. I’m sure he instructed the others not to say anything until after the attack. It all happened so fast I didn't have time to think. I didn't know what else to do but go with the flow of the action,” Jacks got a far off look in his eyes that turned to regret. Tomal watched him carefully with interest. Until now, Tomal never really thought about what might cause someone to become a thief or a slaver. He always believed it was greed or just down right evil.

“It was exhilarating at first and then turned terrifying. When he stood in front of me with his sword drawn, I could see in his eyes he was ready to die for her and it made me feel something I never really understood before,” Jacks started again; his voice full of regret, “you know at that point I knew I didn't want to hurt any of them. It just happened so fast. I remember I got him in the leg and sliced his middle a bit but I know it wasn't that deep. I didn't think he was hurt that bad.

I only wanted to slow him down so I could get past him and to the girl before the others did something to her. I didn't mean for-" Jacks’ voice trailed off when he realized he was on a touchy subject. Jacks glanced at Tomal to see if he had that 'I want to kill you' look again. The tall man still lay back with his head in his hands staring at the sky. "I'm sorry I wasn't thinking. I didn't mean to bring it up again. I'll shut up now," Jacks retrieved his bedroll and tossed it out on the ground next to the fire across from Tomal.

"It doesn’t matter anymore. What happened can't be changed and my destiny doesn't lie with the Mistress any longer. Besides I know you weren't the one who killed him. Your sword isn't the right kind. It was a saber and so far I have yet to see you carry one. I can't blame you for wanting to make your stepfather happy. Mace, my adopted father, couldn't understand why I wanted to return to my own people either. I needed to be around someone who was like me," Tomal still rested his head in his hands. His curiosity being peaked, Jacks rolled over on his side with his head on his elbow to face Tomal.

"You didn't know your father either? We have something in common then. I don't have a clue to mine. What happened to yours?" Jacks watched Tomal for any change in his expression. As usual, Tomal’s face remained calm and cool.

"Elves, raided our fort up north and killed most everyone who resisted. I was saved by some of the Forest Folk and they raised me as their own. I couldn't have been any older than three. Mace was my mentor and he taught me everything about the bow I needed. Willis was giving me lessons in sword fighting before he-" Tomal fell silent for a moment then continued, "anyway I can use one but not as well as most swordsmen can. It’s nice to know how to fight up close as well as from far off. That way I might not be surprised as easily or defeated so quickly," Tomal looked at Jacks from the corner of his eye.

"I could teach you a thing or two but it will put off your killing me for a bit. What I know has taken quite a bit of time to learn and by the way it was my wit that caught you off guard along with my hand-to-hand fighting that defeated you not a sword. One of my teachers knew a style of fighting that uses the hands and feet as the weapon. He kicked my ass several times before I finally caught on. He said I was the best he had ever seen. It didn't last too long though; he had a problem with the drink if you know what I mean. Eventually he couldn't teach me anymore because he was drunk more often than not. I'm not a master but I can teach you enough so an ordinary slob like me can't get the best of you again," Jacks looked at Tomal hoping to strike a cord and gain more time.

"You might be a lot of things but you’re not ordinary by any means. I didn't have a chance. You didn't make a sound or any movement that I could see. That takes a lot of skill. I’ve always considered myself fast but you were on me like a mountain cat on prey. There are a couple of things I don't understand. It would have been to your advantage to just kill me after I told you who Teonna was but you didn't. Instead, you offer me a chance to live and take me to her knowing that you could be risking your own life. You know what you do is wrong but you do it anyway. Forget that, I understand about your stepfather but why didn't you kill me?" The sound in Tomal's voice was very serious. Tomal’s cool blue eyes seemed to be staring a hole right through Jacks' skull as he patiently waited for an answer.

"I wouldn't say it was as smooth as all that. You waited out there so long I almost gave up. To be truthful, you were surprised. It was the only tactical advantage I had so I waited. I saw you in the tavern earlier watching Tom and I knew I might have problems with you. I had already decided I would ambush you before you even left the tavern. 'Get them before they get you,' my old man used to say. Believe me; I don't like getting my butt kicked. As far as killing you, well that’s a personal flaw of my own I guess. I don't see how your death would have done anything but kill you.

It won't bring Tom back and it wouldn't help me get the princess back either. You were out for quite a while so I had plenty of time to think. Poor Tom, he wasn't even involved in the kidnaping. He was only riding with my step father to meet up with me at the cave. At least it was a clean shot and he didn't even know what hit him," Jacks sat up and stirred the coals at the edge of the campfire. "So what do you say? You don't hunt me down and kill me, in exchange I’ll teach you what I know about fighting," Jacks leaned casually on the stick he was using to stir the hot embers.

"I don't know, I’ll have to think about it. The thought of letting someone who has done those things get away with it for my own personal gain is almost like committing them myself. We can talk more about it after we get Teonna back. We need to get some sleep." Tomal yawned and rolled over.

"Go ahead, I’m going to stay up and keep watch for a bit. I still don't completely trust that horse of yours." Jacks said as he leaned forward to put more wood on the fire.

"Suit yourself. He’s never let me down though." Tomal's voice was groggy with sleep. Jacks stared into the fire. Jacks was proud of the fact that he had gotten the cold mannered hunter to speak as much as he did. The way Jacks looked at it, they were probably going to be together for a while longer and he needed to know how to deal with this hunter. Jacks wished they had met under different circumstances. They might have become good friends.

Jacks laid back and closed his eyes. He could almost see Teonna’s green eyes in front of him. She had the kind of eyes a man could die for. 'Oh well,’ he thought, 'if it was his time to die then why not for a lady in distress. That's it Jacks, be a hopeless romantic. Go and get yourself killed by elves for a girl who wouldn't even give you the time of day.’ Jacks chided himself. ‘I should get some sleep for tomorrow. The fun really begins then.' Yawning, he curled up and thought about what it had been like to hold her in his arms.

Jacks didn't usually dream. To dream meant you were sleeping too deeply and that could be trouble if something attacked in the night. But he felt cold moisture on his face as he awoke to snow falling all around them. 'Damn it all, it’s too early.' he cursed. He stretched the stiffness out of his muscles as he got out of the bedroll for more wood to put on the fire. It blazed high after a short moment of smoldering. He looked over at Tomal and wondered how anyone could be so grumpy when they woke up. Jacks knew he had to wake Tomal so they wouldn't miss any time. If the snow got too deep then they would lose all trace of Teonna if they didn’t make it to the rendezvous point in time. Jacks took a stick and poked Tomal in the middle of the back.

"Wake up sleepy head. We need to move and soon." Jacks jabbed Tomal again for good measure. As quick as anyone Jacks had ever seen, Tomal flipped over and grabbed the end of the stick. Tomal pulled hard to catch Jacks off guard but Jacks simply let go as he jumped back ready for the big man to come him swinging. Tomal lay there getting his face wet from the snow. Slowly he rose up and looked at Jacks shaking his finger at him.

"One of these days I'm going to get you for that. I hate it when people poke me." Tomal scowled.

"You hate it when anyone messes with you at all. I can't say that I'm sorry though. The look on your face is timeless." Jacks chuckled. "But seriously, we have to get going. If we miss them at the meeting point then the snow will cover their tracks and we won't ever find her. I know you’re a good tracker but even the Forest Folk can't track through a couple of feet of snow." Jacks started rolling his bed roll up.

"I'm a little big to be a Forest Folk don't you think?" Tomal said as he stood to his full height.

"You do have a sense of humor." Jacks looked at him shocked. Tomal started to laugh.

"Now you should see the look on your face." Tomal said and they both began to laugh. Tomal looked up at the sky full of darkness.

"I thought you said that weather witch predicted the storm wouldn't start for a while." Tomal scowled at such bad luck.

"I said she said it wouldn't start soon. You assumed she meant not for a long while. It was bad judgment on my part. I should have insisted on more information. Well nothing we can do about it now we have to get going." Jacks hung his head slightly. They saddled their mounts in silence. Jacks scrutinized his plans for the route they would be taking. A straight-line west was the closest to the right direction Jacks could figure. Teonna's freedom depended on it. He definitely couldn't afford to screw up now. This was the first time in his life someone depended on him for his mind and not his ability to steal.

It also felt good to have someone around his own age to talk to. Most of his life had been spent around his stepfather and his friends. They would make bets on whether he could pick a pocket or sneak into the mayor's house without getting caught. What a good thief he had made. Or so they all said. But they were wrong. It wasn't what Jacks wanted out of life. He desperately wanted to belong somewhere else. He knew he wasn't the same breeding as Teonna or Tomal. But to be given the chance to change his existence might prove to others that he was a lot more than the bastard son of a thief. Mostly it would give him the confidence he needed to believe he could change. If Jacks felt that if he could convince Tomal then he might get that chance. Jacks knew by now that if Tomal gave his word, he would keep it. Unfortunately there was a chance others in the Realm may not agree? Then it could mean the end of his life. Well best not to worry about it now. There was something more important to think about besides his problems.

They rode for the rest of the night and into the next day. A steady flow of snow fell without any signs of letting up. They were both soaked to the bone when just before dusk they came upon a cabin partially burned out. There didn’t seem to be any inhabitants so they decided to take advantage of the roof that was left and dry off. Fortunately, there was just enough room for them and their horses. Suddenly Tomal lifted his face to the air and sniffed. Jacks looked at him with a strange expression. Jacks started to say something but Tomal put his finger to his lips in a signal to remain quiet. Tomal smiled slyly as he got his bow from his saddle then disappeared out the only window left on the backside of the cabin. Jacks went about starting a fire and taking the saddles off the horses.

After there was a good fire going, he rubbed the horses down to help them dry then stripped down and placed his soaked clothes by the fire. He huddled by the fire in his bedding which was slightly damp hoping his clothes would dry quickly. Hoping to moving would help to keep him warm he looked around to see what might have been left behind. Among the rubble he found a half full barrel of oil. That would be good to soak his coat, pants, hat and boots in to help keep him dryer. He realized too late he had left his cloak around Te's shoulders when he left the cave hastily. He was so angry at that point he would have left his sword behind except it was tied to his saddle. Tomal returned after a while with a dead stag in tow. Jacks looked at him surprised.

"You smelled that? Damn! No wonder you’re a huntsman. I don't think I've ever seen anything like that. I’m impressed." Jacks had always considered himself a fair hunter but nothing like this.

"Well I am the best at the castle. Looks like you made yourself at home. Got a little wet?" Tomal smiled as he hung the gutted deer from the rafters of the cabin.

"Damn right. I'm freezing my butt off. I'm not a wilderness nut and I don't plan on becoming one. I actually don't have any plans at all but anyway I’m freezing. I left my cloak back at the cave with Te. She had it around her when I left. How could I deny it to her, you know what I mean?" Jacks smiled and looked at Tomal for a reaction. Tomal didn't even look at him; he just kept on cutting the meat from his fresh kill. Disappointed Jacks looked back at the fire with a frown.

"You like yours rare, medium or well done? I mean your steaks not your women." Tomal said as he looked at Jacks with a grin.

"What makes you think I’m thinking of that?" Jacks said knowing what Tomal would say before he said it.

"Well you’re always mentioning the girls and the only way you got that forecast from that weather witch without paying was by flirting with her and making her believe you would be back. We might have gotten a better reading if you wouldn’t have played with her leg so much while she was trying to concentrate. Are girls and sex all you think about? You know there are more important things." Tomal's voice was almost like that of a scolding mentor.

"I can't believe my ears. You don't find women to be the most precious things that walk? Oh my dear man, you need to spend more time with them. You’ve missed out on the most spectacular part of being a man there is. My first time was with an older woman who knew just how to make me feel like a man. She could weaken the knees on the strongest man in Knife's Clef. When we get back there, I’ll introduce you to her." Tomal gave him a sour look as he put some meat on the end of a stick and set it over the fire.

"I'm not a virgin if that’s what you think. I just don't think sex is all that important. I can love someone and not have to jump all over her every time I'm around her. I don't see how you can spread yourself among so many women. You know what you are? You are a male slut. A Slout if you will. That's it, a Slout.” Tomal grinned rather pleased with himself. “You're the reason fathers guard their daughters so well making it harder for the rest of us to get close to them. How many times have you been chased by an angry farmer because you took his daughter's purity?" Tomal raised an eyebrow as he looked at Jacks' grin.

"Once or twice maybe I'm not too sure. I think I was just being paranoid the second time. What does it matter anyway? We’re talking about you not me. Have you even satisfied a woman before? Do you even care if you do?" Jacks' grin became larger as Tomal puffed out his chest in defiance.

"That’s none of your business. I think you’re getting a little too personal. We can change the subject now." Tomal took his knife and flipped it into the floor in front of him. He rolled out his bedroll and lay on it with a loud thump. Defiantly he placed his hat over his eyes. That was a sign he was not in a good mood. Jacks couldn't believe he was so touchy on the subject.

"Now your upset, I’m very sorry; I didn't mean to say anything that would anger you. Will you please forgive me? I've just never known anyone as reserved and controlled as you are all the time. I could learn a lot from someone like you. My stepfather always said I needed to show some more caution and control. I do like the ladies though. I know you do or you wouldn't be in love with Teonna. I admire that because at least you’re not afraid to love or let someone love you." Jacks said whimsically. He checked his pants and decided he could put them back on. The boots were still wet and he hated the feeling of wet shoes more than anything. He glanced at Tomal to see if he was going to respond but he didn’t show any signs of movement. Jacks figured he had probably screwed up and would have to start all over again just getting Tomal to talk to him. The man could be so frustrating.

When he first encountered Tomal, he could have easily killed him instead of capturing him But it would make him no better than his stepfather. All of Jacks life he found it too hard to kill anything, even a bug. He wasn’t able to form friendships because of the way they moved around all the time. He became tired of getting hurt time after time when he was left out of things because he was the new kid. The only advantage he had was his agility and looks but they really didn't make much difference until he was older. At the point, he found himself running from boys most the time because they didn't like the fact he could dance betters then them and win all the girls' attentions. The last time he had really gotten his butt kicked it took five of them to do it and they cornered him. When his stepfather found out he wanted to go and beat the hell out of them all but Jacks told him that he had asked for it. That was the price for having a handsome face and being good mannered. Jacks wondered if he would ever find love or settle down.

The end of the stick he was using to stir the fire began to blaze with flame. He watched it dance along the length of it toward his hand. Tomal had fallen asleep already but he wasn't even tired yet. His energy never seemed to run out. He flinched suddenly as something stung his neck. Instinctively he swatted at it and brought his hand back to see what it was. There was blood on his fingers. "Damn, how did that happen?" He looked all around him but couldn't see anything. It happened again on his shoulder. This time he grabbed the thin air around him wildly. What he got was more than he was ready for. He held the leg of a gigantic translucent spider. He could barely make out the bloated body that was at least four feet in diameter.

Jacks yelled and jumped as far back as he could in the snow. It came after him like he was a fly for its dinner. Tomal sat up alerted by his yell. At first he wasn't even sure what it was. It appeared to be a blur of images between him and Jacks. Tomal rolled out of bed and grabbed his bow. Instantly it was loaded and he fired relentlessly. It rose up in pain as the second and third arrows struck its massive body. Quickly it spun around to attack the one attacking it. The chattering noise it made was almost like it scolded him. Tomal’s mind started to cloud over making it hard to concentrate but now he could see the red specks of its many eyes. He concentrated with all his might at this part of what he thought must be its head and fired. The arrow struck the mark cleanly. The huge monster collapsed in convulsive motions only a few feet in front of him.

Tomal sprinted quickly to the fallen man in the snow. Jacks' neck and shoulder were purple and swollen from the bites the thing had given him. Blood oozed from them slowly and he seemed to be in shock. Tomal slapped his face to revive him. Jacks looked at him for a moment then sat up on his own. "What the hell was that? I can't believe it got that close. Nothing ever gets that close to me." Jacks placed his hand on his neck wound again. The bites were right next to the juggler veins. A little deeper and he would have surely bled to death. Tomal helped him to his feet and they walked over to the carcass to examine it. Tomal poked it with an arrow just in case but the oversize body laid still in death. They both moved around to where the head should be to see what it was like.

The head was nonexistent in comparison to the size of its body. It was about nine inches in diameter with little reddish eyes dotted across it. The mouth was small and lined with many tiny teeth barely as big as a humming bird's beak. That would explain why it wasn't able to bite him very well. The most unusual thing they found was that it had a tongue inside its mouth that looked like a small dagger but soft and hollow. Jacks stepped back still holding his neck. The thing was hideous and unbearable to look upon.

"It probably had to get that little knife thing into the juggler to inject its poison. That is if it had any. It may just cause a bad enough wound to cause the victim to bleed to death. Interesting little thing isn't it?" Tomal leaned down inspecting it closer so intrigued he didn't even notice Jack's staring at him in disbelief. Jacks quickly walked over to the side of the cabin and threw up.

"Are you feeling sick? Are you dizzy or hot? Tell me so I can help. I may not be able to do much but I can try to make you more comfortable." Tomal looked at him from his perch next to the dead spider. Jacks only looked at him; his head began to spin from all the emotion he was feeling. He had never been that close to dying before. Jacks walked over to the fire and put on his shirt and coat without a word. As quickly as he could, he began to gather up all the gear and pack it. Tomal sat dumfounded at the lack of self-control. Finally Tomal walked up to Jacks and placed a hand on his shoulder.

"Where do you think you’re going? We need to stay here and find out what we can about this thing. Stay calm. It didn't kill you and we know it can be killed easily enough." Tomal pulled Jacks around to face him and held onto his shoulders. Jacks was shaking and looked at him with fear in his eyes.

"You don't understand. Nothing has ever gotten that close to me before. I can feel them or hear them beforehand. There might be more of them. I’ve never seen or even heard of anything like that thing before. I don't want to take a chance on being attacked again. We have to get out of this place and fast. You stay if you want but I’m going." Jacks pulled away from him and continued to pack his belongings.

"Don't you think you’re over reacting a little? It didn't hurt you that bad and--" Jacks cut him off short with a scowl.

"Overreact! You have no idea how I feel. There has never been anything I was afraid of but that thing scares the hell out of me. I didn't even sense it like any normal living thing. It was like it wasn't there at all. I don't even know where it came from. Above, behind I don't know. Your horse for example, didn't react either. That reminds me, neither of them has made a sound for a while. We had better check them to make sure they’re all right." Cautiously the two walked up to the calm animals. From the closed eyes and even breathing, they appeared to be asleep. Jacks approached his horse and stroked its soft nose with a cold hand. The animal jumped back in fear from his touch then quickly calmed when it realized it was Jacks. Tomal did the same and his horse jumped as well.

"What do you suppose happened to them?" Jacks asked curiously at their reactions. Tomal shrugged his shoulders and started to check his animal for any signs of wounds. Jacks followed his example but both animals appeared to be fine.

"I agree with you. We should leave this place." Tomal said as he picked up his saddle.
"What about the deer?" Jacks started to reach for it.

"Leave it; I can hunt again if we need something. We will take what has already been cooking though." Tomal walked his horse over to the fire and picked up the stick that had been setting over the fire with the slices of meat on it. He quickly kicked out the remaining flames and mounted. Jacks was already setting on his horse and waiting for him at the edge of the small clearing. The stallion leaped over the dead spider to join the other horse in a full gallop away from the strange little cabin.

Odd Fellows
They traveled for several hours until Jacks needed to stop and warm up. They picked a spot close to the path. Jacks made a fire while Tomal stood watch. Jacks wasn’t talking which was abnormal for him. Tomal knew the spider had unnerved him terribly, perhaps for life. Even though it was abnormal for Tomal to do so, he decided to take the initiative and start a conversation first.

"You got any theories what that thing was?" Tomal asked just to start the conversation. Tomal wasn't quite sure what to actually talk about except what might be bothering Jacks. 'If Teonna were here, she would know what to say.' he thought to himself as he waited for Jacks to reply.

"I don't know and I don't want to know. It wasn't natural. There was something about it that made it unlike any spider I’ve ever heard of. I know it had something to do with the horses not reacting to its presence. I don't even remember ever seeing your stallion sleep at all but he was definitely in a trance or something. It wasn't natural I tell you." Jacks stared into the fire, his eyes wide and his face slightly flushed. Tomal had seen that look before in the faces of other men who had suddenly had the harsh reality of their own mortality opened up to them. The reality of it is a shocking thing to come to grips with. Tomal watched Jacks shiver even though he was right in front of a blazing fire. He calmly walked over to his saddlebags and removed a small canteen. He opened it and handed it to Jacks.

"Here this will help to warm you up. Take it easy at first and don't take too much at once. You'll end up on your butt if you aren’t careful. I don’t want to fish your sorry butt out of the fire." Tomal grinned slightly at the thought of seeing Jacks in such a position. Jacks took it from him and sipped it gingerly. He made a grimacing face and handed it back.

"That is really sweet. What is it?" Jacks took a quick drink of water to wash the sweet out of his mouth. Tomal took a shot as well then handed it back to him.

"It's called Three Step. The Forest Folk call it simply Acorns. Take some more. This time drink it like a man and have a full shot. It won't do you any good if you don't get enough in your system. Go for it." Tomal pushed on the bottom of the canister just as Jacks leaned it back for a sip. It poured down his throat quickly and he almost gagged on the sweetness of it. He pushed the canteen back at Tomal. Jacks could already feel the effects of it spreading through his body. The feeling in his toes was almost back so he stood to walk over to his horse for his bedroll. Tomal chuckled as he watched and began to count each step that he took.

"One, two, and--" Jacks' head started to spin, his legs felt weak under him. He fought to keep control of his muscles so he could take another step. He felt his foot swing forward but immediately felt it miss the ground. "Three!" Jacks heard from Tomal as he saw the ground coming at him. Jacks through his arms in front of his face in an attempt to protect it but felt the coldness of the wet snow fill his mouth and eyes upon impact. Tomal howled with laughter. He put the cork back in the top of the bottle and placed it back in his pack before helping Jacks up from the ground. Tomal sat Jacks solidly on a log near the fire. Jacks was never this drunk before. He had no muscle control left and couldn't stop himself as he slid off the log to the ground again. Tomal chuckled as he picked Jacks up once again and placed his own cloak over Jacks’ shoulders.

"Feel any better?" The smile on Tomal’s face showed pure triumph. Jacks could tell he was totally delighted with himself and could only nod and grin back. Jacks sat silently watching while Tomal carried the conversation by himself for a change.

"That is an ancient alcohol made by the Forest Folk. The name is true in all respects. For a person who is not used to it, like you, they will only get three steps before it takes hold of them. Acorns are the main ingredients but there is a lot more to it. I've never been fortunate enough to see it being made or learn how to make it but I do get it when I run out. I find it comes in handy when the weather is trying to chill you to the bone. The feeling of drunkenness will wear off in about an hour or so but the warm feeling lingers on after that. My cloak will help some too. I'll rub some saddle oil on after your coat dries to help repel the wetness.

I think I might have an extra pair of buckskins that have been treated in my pack. You can wear them over your own to help keep the wet off your legs. Then maybe we can get somewhere instead of having to stop for you to dry off." The tone in Tomal’s voice changed to an aggravated sneer on the last sentence. Tomal retrieved his blanket from the horses and made a make shift shelter to help hold the warmth in. Jacks still found this man a strange character. Playful one moment then cold and calculated the next.

"Why--didn't you--think of this earlier? It could have saved--a lot of time." Jacks slurred out slowly trying to form the words clearly as clearly as he could.

"I don't know. I just didn't. You’re not so quick all the time either you know. Now do you want these pants or not?" Tomal looked at Jacks seriously. Jacks nodded and Tomal threw them at him but his movements were still too slow to catch them and they landed on his head. Tomal snickered as he pulled Jacks' coat from the log it had been drying on and started holding it closer to the fire, flipping it around and around as soon as it would start to steam from the drying process. Jacks slipped his wet pants off and placed them close to the fire so they could dry then put on the dry ones Tomal provided. He huddled in Tomal's cloak waiting for his pants to be dry to the touch. By the time Jacks’ coat was dry he was feeling more in control. He watched in silence as Tomal began to rub the saddle oil into his leather coat. Jacks frowned when the waxy oil made the leather a darker color.

"Damn shame to ruin a nice coat with that stuff. I paid a lot for it in Blackledge Port a few years ago." Jacks frowned and turned his head unable to watch.

"Well you shouldn't have forgotten your cloak. It's no skin off my nose but if you don't stop complaining I'll make you do it yourself.” Tomal looked up at Jacks for a moment but got no reply. “You’re a city kid, aren't you? You don’t know anything about survival in the wilderness. Boy and I thought Willis was bad." Tomal mused as he finished the coat and laid it on a rock next to Jacks. "I'll do your boots next. You should really learn to do this for yourself if you want to survive out here." Tomal had already begun to rub the oil into the first boot before he sat down again.

"I’ve done my fair share of hunting in bad weather I'll have you know. I just wasn't planning on a trip out here. I usually get everything ready before I leave town." Jacks put the coat on and wrinkled his nose from the almost rancid smell. "That stuff stinks, what is it?" Jacks declared disgusted.

"Boiled bear fat and soap with a little bit of wax for consistency. That’s what works the best but you can use just about any wild animal fat. Domesticated animals don't work as well. Seems it has something to do with what they eat. That smell will go away after a couple of days. If it bothers you that bad just sprinkle some of that fancy perfume of yours on it.” Tomal looked at Jacks through his eyelashes holding in a smirk. “Do you always smell so pretty or is it just to attract others like you?" Tomal's grin was broad but he didn't look up from his work to see the surprise on Jacks' face.

"What do you mean by that?" Jacks stood up with his hands on his hips.

"Nothing really, I always thought only women wore bottled smells like that." Tomal fought hard not to laugh out loud.

"I'll have you know that it has always helped to attract more women. Most of them don't like a man who smells like a sweaty old horse. You can’t dream of ever being as good with the women as I am so don't challenge me. I’m an expert when it comes to women, even more then my old man." Jacks snarled at Tomal. Jacks sat down with a triumphant look on his face after there was no rebuttal from Tomal. Tomal simply smiled as he handed Jacks his first boot. Jacks slipped it on then flexed the ankle to be sure it had not shrunk too much.

"Tell me something will you?" Jacks said after setting his foot back down.

"What is it this time?" Tomal tried to sound grumpy again but still had the image of Jacks' shocked face in his mind and found it hard not to smile. His eyes concentrated on the boot he was caressing with a cloth.

"Why are you doing this for me? You would’ve rather seen me dead no more than two days ago but now you’re doing this." Jacks watched Tomal work more oil into the boot.

"If you die because you caught a chill then I would have no idea where to find Teonna. Then I would be responsible for her never returning. So you see it’s beneficial for me to keep you alive regardless of how I may feel toward you." Tomal glanced over at Jacks and saw him staring into the fire. The frown on Jacks’ handsome face showed the emotions he was striving to hide. "But I don't know. You’re starting to grow on me. I might decide to keep you around for a bit after we find her." Tomal threw the other boot at him. Jacks caught it easily and put it on. A small grin showed on Jacks face. Tomal began to gather up all the items he had been using and put them away.

"Thanks," Jacks said after a bit of silence, "for the boots and the compliment. I would understand if you had to kill me. I know I would want to kill me if I were you. I can't say I know how you feel because I’ve never felt like that for anyone before. I mean, there are few people I would die for but this is different. It takes a special person to forgive someone like me. Thank you for the intention but you know as well as I do that once I’m in custody, it won't matter what you feel. They’ll put me in chains and hang me for the murders of the guards. I'm a dead man and you know it." Jacks leaned back and stared into the fire.

"Don't be so negative. I think I can help you more than that and once we have Teonna back I know she’ll help when she learns the reasons why you did what you did. Look, you were in charge of the men who did the killing but did you actually tell them to kill anyone? You fought with Willis but you didn't want to kill him and only wounded him then let him go. You’re almost as much a victim as Teonna so maybe the king will be persuaded into making you an indentured servant to the Crown of Dauphlin." Tomal started to break down the camp so they could get on the trail again.

"You could just let me go after we find her, that way both of us will be happy." Jacks looked at him hopefully.

"I can't just let you go, you know that. I would be breaking my oath as an officer of the castle guard. Don't ask me to do that. Besides, Teonna will speak up for you. I know she’ll appreciate all you’ve done to help her. From the sounds of it you had little choice." Tomal looked at him seriously.

"I’d swear servitude to you and yours. Let me do that and by law they can't hang me. I'll serve you and whoever you like until I die. That is more attractive to me then facing lawmakers who are looking for some sucker to make an example of. Tomal, I think it may be my only chance to live. Please think about it. I wouldn't mind it and you know I keep my word." Jacks pleaded.

"I can't make a promise like that. It’s almost as bad as slavery as far as I’m concerned. We’ll look at other ways to keep you away from the gallows. I’ll think about it but no promises." Tomal settled in the saddle as he waited for Jacks to get on his horse. They rode in silence for what seemed like hours. Jacks hoped that Tomal was considering his words. He needed to take a chance that things would work out for the better. Of course, he still had to figure out how he was going to talk the old man into giving her up. This time he believed his stepfather was actually afraid of the buyer.

Jacks hoped they would get to them before the elves showed up. The elves would make all attempts to keep Teonna alive but didn't care about human males. They would kill first and not bother asking questions after. Jacks glanced over at Tomal several times. Tomal’s cloak flapped like the vapors of a wraith as they rode. He was a mysterious man indeed. Jacks wished they had met before all this. He felt they could have been friends. Or maybe it was just wishful thinking on his part. The light of morning made the forest a little brighter in spots but the snow still fell relentlessly. There was almost two feet now and showed little sign of slowing. They approached a rise that Jacks recognized.

"Not much farther now. We should be able to see the meeting point from the top of this hill," he said excitedly. Instinctively he spurred his horse into a faster pace. As they crested the hill, Tomal could see the forest thinned. The view was spectacular down into a small clearing. He looked around quickly for any signs of life but saw none.

"That the place down there?" Tomal asked pointing to the clearing.

“Yes, there in that small gulch between the two hills. Looks like we beat them. Let's go arrange a welcome for my loving father, shall we?" Tomal gave Jacks a strange look then started down the hill. The footing was slippery for the horses on this rocky slope making the pace much slower. Jacks was in a better mood. He had finally gotten an upper hand on the old man. He motioned for Tomal to follow him toward the small gulch his stepfather used to camp in. His smile faded when he noticed the small clearing where the campfire was still warm enough to keep the snow from it. Jacks held up his hand quickly and slowed his horse as he surveyed the scene quickly for any trace of life.

"Something isn't right here. Be careful," Tomal said as he brought his bow in front of him and notched an arrow. They rode closer keeping a watchful eye on every tree and bush. They dismounted just before the campfire and Tomal's foot hit something as he stepped forward. He bent down and brushed the snow off it. He found a coat with its owner still inside it.

"Jacks you had better come over here. You need to see this," Tomal told him as he stepped back. Jacks looked down at the jacket with its embroidered design on it. His face showed shock as he fell to his knees and brushed more snow from the body. Jacks pulled the body to his lap as tears slid down his face. His heart filled with disbelief as he looked into the closed eyes. Tomal rested a hand on his shoulder already knowing who it was from Jacks’ reaction.

"My father," Jacks’ voice shook with emotion. He cradled the lifeless form like a baby. Tomal felt it best to leave him for a moment so he began to check the gully for more evidence of what might have happened. He found the bodies of Manny and Paulie where they died. Fear filled his own heart with the anticipation of finding Teonna dead as he carefully searched for any signs. He found only the remainder of the rope that had tied her to the tree and the bloodstain on it. Closer inspection showed long brown hairs that he believed to be hers. However, there wasn’t a body or any signs of one being dragged off. He felt fairly sure what had happened there. Only elves could have done this and left no trace of being there.

"There are two more bodies over here. I think they are slavers that accompanied your father. She’s gone Jacks. The elves took her and betrayed your father. I don't see how we can hope to get her back now," Tomal felt tears of frustration fill his eyes at the thought of losing her forever. He returned to Jacks' side and rested his hand on his shoulder again. "We can't stay long. They may come back," he said mournfully.

"Let them!" Jacks spit out venomously. Tomal understood his grief and didn't respond. He left him to morn out his frustration while he started on the graves. They lingered only long enough to be sure no wild animals could disturb the bodies. Jacks kneeled with a hand on the stones that covered his father's grave. Tomal pulled him away and coaxed him to mount his horse.

"We have to go after them and avenge my father," Jacks swung up on his horse.

"We don't know where they went. The snow is too deep now and getting worse. Besides, it’s suicide to go after a band of elves. I'm sorry about your father but we’re too late. There’s nothing we can do for your father or Teonna. Maybe it’s supposed to be this way. Come on, we have to head back to Tellis," Tomal turned his large stallion to the east. Jacks started to head off to the west at a gallop, determination on his face. Tomal's black caught Jacks’ gelding quickly and Tomal grabbed the reins to bring him to a stop.

"What are you doing? I'm going with or without you. Let go or I'll kick the shit out of you. Let go!" Jacks swung his leg at Tomal but Tomal pulled hard on the horse's reins making it rare up successfully knocking Jacks off balance. Jacks landed in the snow with a soft thud and remained setting there with his head on his knees. Tomal slid off his horse cautiously, not really convinced that Jacks was really crying. Carefully Tomal walked over to where Jacks was curled up but the closer he got the more Jacks would wiggle away. Tomal stopped to think about how it felt to him when he lost his own parents. It had been so long ago and he was very small then but the pain quickly returned when he remembered the sight of his mother lying in a pool of her own blood. Tomal struggled with emotions to keep his voice calm as he spoke.

"I know how you’re feeling, lost and alone. You're not; I’ve been there too. I lost both my parents to the elves at the same time. They raped my mother then killed her because she wouldn't stop fighting them. They told her she should be proud that she was picked to bear children for the elves. She grabbed the small shovel by the fireplace and smacked the one who said that. I hope she left a permanent scar. He thrust a blade through her heart. I was hiding by the door and saw the whole thing. I ran and clung to the body of my father trying to wake him up but I was too young to know he was already dead.  It was like slow motion. I remembered seeing one of the elves turn and look at me for a moment before he drew his sword and walked toward me. Mace came from out of nowhere and killed him only a few feet from me. Mace took me away from there. All I could remember was the screaming. It haunted me for weeks in nightmares. I slowly learned to adjust but never got over the feeling of loss. I was only three or four but I can still remember it clearly as if it was yesterday.

After I grew of age, I had to leave and find a way to get rid of the loneliness. You see I know what you’re feeling. All the time I was growing up I wanted to get revenge on the elves that had done that to me. The hate swelled up inside me so much I was more like a madman then human most of the time. I almost went to prison because of killing a man. Willis came to my rescue so to speak. He saw what happened and spoke up for me. It changed my life. I never found a way to repay him, but now I can make sure the woman he loved is taken care of," Tomal stared out into nothing as he told his tale while Jacks sat quietly listening. Tomal looked down at Jacks’ tear streaked face. Tears swelled in Tomal’s eyes too. It felt good to finally talk about it to someone.

"Willis was the first friend I had that was actually from my own race. He took me in, got me a job as a hunter for the castle. He treated me like a brother," Tomal slowly kneeled in the snow next to Jacks and placed a hand on his shoulder. This time Jacks didn't move away. "The first time I saw Teonna I fell in love with her. She was still a child and I was barely 16 but I knew I wanted her to be mine. I know she won't give up trying to find a way back. If bearing the bastard children of the elves is the only way for her to survive, she’ll do it. She’ll survive because that’s who she is.

You need to decide what you want out of life now. You can follow those elves and end up as dead as your father or you can return to Tellis with me and try to start a new life. I want you to know exactly how I feel because I know it’s unfair of me to ask you to give up your desire to avenge your father," Tomal moved in front of Jacks so he could look into Jacks' eyes. Tomal’s own cool blue eyes showed the emotion he was trying to repress. "I originally planned to let you lead me to your stepfather and then kill you both for your crimes against the kingdom. But in the last week I’ve gotten to know you as a person not as a criminal and my enemy. I have to admit you have a way of growing on someone. I’ve never told anyone about what happened to my parents or how I felt about Teonna, not even Willis. It just didn't seem like something I should talk about. I’ve always had a hard time talking about my feelings. So for me this is out of character. But, when I talk to you it doesn't make me feel like I’m betraying myself. You listen to me and I know you wouldn’t tell anyone what I say. I don't know if you understand what it is I mean but I feel like we are friends. You can stop me at any time you know," Tomal smirked at Jacks in a way that made Jacks grin back.

"Why, you’re doing fine,” Jacks mumbled, “when I met you and really started to get to know something about you, I wanted desperately to be a part of what you and Teonna are. But I don't have the breeding or whatever it is that makes you the people you are. I’m scum and gutter trash. No matter how many schools I went to or fancy parties I attended, most of which I wasn't even invited to, I’ll never be what you are. A nobleman is someone people look up to and I’m just not that kind of person. I figured from the start you would probably kill me after we found her but I hoped you would see through the rough exterior and see I'm not as bad as my stepfather made me look. I never expected you to call me a friend and I know you have a right to hate my guts so you don't have to be all mushy just because I’m acting like a baby. You’re right about not going after them. I know it’ll only get me killed," Jacks looked at Tomal with a lost look that made even Tomal feel bad.

"I can see why the girls go after you so much. All you have to do is give them a look like that," Tomal smiled trying to lighten the mood.

"It used to work on my old man when I was little. He always had a hard time whipping’ me but it didn’t work all the time. He used to call me an imp that needed the fiend beat out of him. Damn, Tomal I’m going to miss him. I don't know what to do. When I left him in that cave, I had all these grand plans to show him that I was better then he thought. Now I don't even have that goal anymore," Jacks hung his head and started to cry again. Tomal put his arm around him and let him lean into his chest. Normally Tomal would have felt funny letting another man cry in his shoulder but it didn't feel wrong with Jacks. They seemed like two spirits on the same path that found each other along the way. Jacks clung to him desperately needing the reassurance. Suddenly Jacks pushed the big man away and stood as he brushed the snow from his backside. Tomal stood as well towering over him like a mountain.

"Things will work out, you'll see. I'm going to hold you to your promise to serve me so you can stay out of the hangman's noose. You know I don't really have to say anything about your involvement. No one knows but me. I could just tell them I met you in Knifes Clef and you helped me look for them," Tomal said hesitantly.

"Thanks but no. I have to face up to the things I’ve done. I don't want anyone to lie for me and get into trouble. If Teonna returned and told the truth then it would make you look bad. I have to do the right thing. Even if it means I could die. I would appreciate a good word or two. Every little bit will help," Jacks got on his horse sullenly but this time turned it to the east toward Knife’s Clef. Jacks knew he had to face up to the charges and show everyone he was the man he always tried to be. Tomal rode beside Jacks in silence. His heart ached to think of Teonna in the hands of some filthy elf. All he could do was pray that she lived. Even his hatred for William Walker had gone numb. Instead he focused his efforts on the wet deep snow that continued to fall.

Tomal knew they would need to hurry quickly in case this storm turned into a blizzard. Fortunately the trail became easier the deeper they went into the forest. The trees were thick enough that they held most of the snow on their large limbs high above their heads. Here they could move at a faster pace. Even so the mood was still solemn as they continued to ride in silence and brood within their own thoughts. Tomal felt there was one thing he needed to say before it became too late and before he let the feelings pass into submissive duties as a castle guard and huntsman. Then it would not be proper for him to mention it.

"I would like you to consider me your friend," Tomal said stiffly and looked at Jacks expectantly. Jacks smiled that boyish grin.

"I will and I would like you to do the same," Jacks answered. Tomal smiled back and nodded. They urged their horses on through the thick forest to the east, back to the borders of the Known Realm.

A New Captor
Te awoke to a smell she had not experienced since she was abducted. Her stomach rumbled with anticipation. The softness under her and the warmth she felt told her she wasn't in the open air anymore. She started to sit up but her body and head still ached too much so she lay back down. She stayed there for a moment before attempting it again. This time she moved more lowly. The cloak fell off as she did and she suddenly realized her front was exposed. Quickly she wrapped the cloak around her again and looked around. She knew by the log walls she was in a large cabin. The couch she was setting on had a lovely quilt on it and the arms were made of polished wood. There were two chairs that matched it and another smaller couch all arranged facing a large fireplace. There were stairs that led up to a loft or more rooms overhead.

The smell seemed to surround her so she turned around and saw the kitchen. Immediately she noticed the snow falling through the large window over the sink. Her heart was so tired from expectations and hope she became numb from yet another disappointment. The last thing she remembered was using her psyche to contact someone for help and then Manny tried to rape her again. Dimly she recalled the knife and stabbing Paulie then the backhand from Manny but that was all. She wondered how long she had been out and began to worry, wondering if Manny had actually succeeded or if Walker had stopped him once again. She didn't think he raped her because she didn't feel any different and her pants were intact. Only her blouse was torn.

Most of all, she wanted to know where she was. Had she reached her destination or was this just another stopping point in her journey. From the way Walker had talked, she was on her way to a place called Tempist where elves lived. This definitely did not look like the fabled architecture of the elves. Their talents and beauty in the arts were known throughout the whole world. In fact, it looked much like any human home that could be found in the woods. Maybe there was hope after all. Could she have been rescued? Who lived here and where were they? She stood up shakily to walk to the front door. A low growl made her look over toward the stairs. A huge white wolf lay curled up at the bottom on a rug like a pet dog. She took a step back as she set back down. The wolf never took its eyes off her as it bared its teeth and growled low. She was trying very hard not to appear scared but she could feel her heart pounding its way to her throat.

Suddenly it looked toward the kitchen with its ears perked. She heard footsteps coming up stairs from an open door, which was probably what had caught its attention from her. It stood and trotted over to the door and waited for whoever was coming up. She took this opportunity to slide back into place on the couch but kept an eye on the door herself. At this point it didn't really matter who it was but deep down inside she prayed it was a human. He walked through the door while looking down at a label on a jar. He patted the wolf on the head absentmindedly as he walked to the table and then turned to attend the food on the stove.

A whine from the wolf caused him to look at it as it trotted toward the couch. Te stiffened at the sight of the wolf coming in her direction. He looked at her and smiled. He was about the most handsome man she ever saw in her life. His long light brown hair fell gently over broad shoulders. The smile he gave her was pleasantly friendly. She swallowed hard feeling slightly embarrassed. Her mind was blank as what to do until she looked at the wolf that had stopped only a few feet away from her and was setting there looking at her panting like a normal dog. She scooted as far back on the couch as she could from it as she pulled the cloak closer to her. The man must have realized she was afraid of the wolf because he patted his leg and called him back to his side. His voice was mellow and a medium tone with a musical accent to it. He looked at her as he spoke again.

"Good, you are awake. You hungry?" he smiled at her again to reassure her. She suddenly realized she was staring and put her head down as she shook it. Slowly she turned herself around on the couch and huddled in the cloak. She didn't know whether to rejoice or cry. Her emotions had become almost completely numb inside her. He walked over to the couch and started to set next to her but she shied away from the wolf that had followed him. He knew what it was like to be unsure of the big animal so he called the wolf over to the door and let it out. The wolf obeyed him like a well-trained hunting dog. Then the man walked back over and stood in front of her.

"My name is Daxord. You may call me Dax. You need to clean up? I will show you the pool. Come," he held out a hand to help her up. She looked at him for a moment then figured 'what have I got to lose' and took it. He helped her to the door that he had just let the wolf out of. It led out to a barn that was connected to the cabin. He turned down a hall after only a few steps. This led around another corner and through a door that entered an indoor hot springs. He showed her where to find cloth to dry with then left. She undressed slowly and watched the door he left through. She dropped the cloak next to the pool as she entered the warm water. It felt so good she thought she had died and gone to heaven. She waded over to where the water flowed out of a pipe and spilled into the pool to wet her hair. She stood under so it would run over her upper body as she rubbed at the filth she felt. The hot water stung a little bit but she could bare it if the feeling would only leave. A thud from behind startled her. She spun around to see him picking up clothes that had spilled out when he dropped her trunk. He looked up at her and his mouth dropped open. She quickly covered herself and sank back into the water.

"I forget some - I - uh - think these are yours," he stood with a sly smile and left the room quickly. This time he closed the door behind him. He leaned against the wall just outside the door to let out the breath he had held. 'Damn stupid of you Dax. She is already scared to death of her surroundings. Don't screw it up now,' he scolded himself as his mind kept wandering back to the view of the body he just saw. For a human it was very attractive and just thinking about it brought heat to his lower body. He groaned and tried to tell himself that he was only feeling that way because he had been away from women for almost a full five years. Then he argued back that it wasn't true because the patrols had brought many human females back to the cabin after raids, one only a few months ago. Her body didn’t affect him like this. Actually the whole situation was disgusting to him so he went on a fishing trip while the others had their fun with her. He decided he should go back and check on the food. He definitely needed a distraction from what he was feeling.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Her body slowly relaxed as the stiffness started to fade away. Her head was filled with questions of what had happened. It all seemed more like a dream now. She pinched herself several times to try and force herself awake. Before this happened she wanted nothing more than to get out of the castle and have an adventure. Now all she could think of was going home and never leaving again. It was funny how things could be turned around. Just when you think your life is going to be one way it gets a cog thrown in it. She still didn't know what to expect of this young man or what to do about her situation.

She looked around the room and saw a shelf that had many bottles setting on it. After looking at the door, she braved it long enough to dash from the pool to grab a cloth to cover herself so she could look at the bottles. There weren’t any labels so she opened them one at a time and smelled seeing if she could tell what it was. Most had a floral smell but one was definitely lye. She tested the consistency of a floral one to see if it was soap and it was. She picked one that smelled good and went back into the water. She scrubbed several times before satisfied that it was all that could be done to make her feel clean again. She wanted to wash away all the memories but knew it was a stupid thought. It had been so long since she took a bath or even cleaned her face she wanted to cherish this experience for as long as she could.

Finally, when her fingers looked like prunes she decided it was enough. She dried off with the same cloth she had used before and wrapped it around her as she looked through her things for something to wear. She selected a nice outfit with a matching cord for her shirt and went back out to the hall that led into the barn. From the doorway she could see most of the other items that he had left lying in the middle of the walkway by the stalls. Cautiously she went over to them and quickly looked for the trunk that contained the family scepter and crown but it was nowhere to be seen. She cursed under her breath disappointed. She quickly gathered up all the courage she could muster so she would be able to talk to this mystery man. His smile was disarming so she would have to concentrate and stay alert. Calmly she opened the door to find him setting at the kitchen table with a cup in front of him. He looked up immediately and smiled that smile again. 'Most definitely disarming,' she thought as she looked into his dark brown eyes and got the strange feeling she had seen them before.

"Feel better? Would you like some coffee or something?" he asked politely. She nodded and took a seat across the table from him. He was trying not to stare as he quickly stood and got a cup from the cupboard for her. To him, she looked very appealing in her outfit but he continued to argue to himself that he only felt that way because it had been so long since he was with a woman. Holding himself back was going to be harder than he thought. He noticed every little detail about her as he walked past. Her hair was dark brown with golden highlights that danced through it as she turned her head. Her teeth were as straight as any Elven females and she was more beautiful than any of the human females he had seen. He could smell her as he set the cup down in front of her and accidentally glanced down her shirt. He spilled a bit when he caught himself staring. Embarrassed, he apologized as he cleaned it up.

"I’m sorry. I don't have much company. You need any milk or honey," he was so nervous his legs felt weak being this close to her. She nodded again. He managed to place these on the table without any incident and took his seat across from her once more. He couldn't believe how he felt. For the first time in his life, he couldn’t think of what to say. Finally, he offered to make her something to eat.

"I could use a little bit of food if it isn't too much trouble," she said in a soft voice.

"Not at all, what do you want?" he stuttered out quickly.

"Whatever you have already made will be fine. Don't go to any effort on my behalf. It’s not necessary," she replied shyly.

"No I can get it for you," he said a little more eagerly then he meant. He smiled at her again hoping she hadn't noticed. She looked at him thinking once more that he reminded her of someone but couldn't remember whom. He asked each time if that was what she wanted before he put it on the plate. It rather reminded her of home the way he fussed over her so. She knew she needed to keep her head about her though. He could be just another slaver like William Walker. He was definitely as polite as him but not in the same way. It was hard not to stare into his beautiful brown eyes. He was absolutely gorgeous and this made her more nervous. She picked at her food taking little bites and chewing each too long as far as she was concerned.

"Where am I?" she finally asked knowing she would have to get this part over with eventually.

"In Elven territory. What do they call you where you come from?" he asked back as he nibbled on a piece of bread he had made for himself.

"How far into Elven territory?" she didn't want to give out any information unless absolutely necessary.

"Your name?" he insisted as he looked at her with a playful glint in his eye.

"Te," was her reply as she took another bite from her plate. It tasted really good but her stomach was still full of butterflies. She found she couldn't look into his face if he was being flirtatious.

"Fire Mountain Range. Are you a slave?" he watched her movements curiously.

"I was kidnaped by Richland and no I’m not a slave," he gave her a sideways look but didn’t reply. Instead he stood and got his coat from a hook next to the door leading out to the barn.

"The animals need food. I will talk later," he left her setting there without a ‘by your leave’ or anything else. She looked after him confused. Well the least she could do was help with the dishes. She picked up their plates and cleaned them in the sink. It had the old hand pump like many of the country homes and the pot on the stove still had hot water in it so she cleaned everything up including the fry pan. She dried them all and put away what she could find a place for. The rest she left setting on the table. He still hadn't returned so she decided to go out and see where he had gone. She found him grooming a horse while it stood with a feedbag over its head.

Dax cursed himself for walking away so abruptly but he knew he was going to say the wrong thing at that moment if he didn’t give himself time to think. It was more than obvious she was still in denial about her slavery. He had witness it before among new slaves. but it never ceased to amaze him how slow some humans were. After everything she went through with the slavers she still believed herself to be a free human. To be honest, it didn’t really matter if she accepted her situation or not, she was what she was and there was no changing it. He would take his time and work with her to make her see the truth. That would be best for her in the long run. He caught the faintest sound from the door to the cabin making him turn to look. She was standing there with a shy expression like she wanted something. Her innocence made him feel apprehensive.

"Would you like some help," she asked timidly. He smiled and motioned at another brush hanging from a hook next to one of the stalls. At this moment she noticed all the horses were there. Including the ones that Walker and the others were riding. A slight fear ran through her but she wasn’t sure how to bring up the question of how she came to be here in this cabin. The time just didn’t seem right so she quickly went to work on the horse within the stall where the brush was hanging. Subconsciously she went over everything step she had been taught about taking care of a horse as she worked. Every once in a while he would look at her making her feel a bit self-conscious and she would look away shyly. They worked in silence brushing the horses’ coats then cleaning their hooves until every horse had been done. It was hard work and seemed to take forever. considering none of them were taken care of properly since her abduction. After leading the last horse into its stall, Dax hung his brush on a hook and walked toward the hall that led to the pool.

"My turn. Make yourself at home. I believe you will be here a while," he motioned toward the window to the falling snow then disappeared down the hall. She heard the door close behind him as she looked at the snow and knew he was right. So she decided to explore the house. To start, she went to the door she first saw him come out of. There was a set of stairs leading down and a door that led into a cold storage. It contained several large pieces of meat hanging from the ceiling.

Next, she headed down the stairs to the cellar. She figured it was about the size of the kitchen and living room put together. There were several shelves lined up just like the ones in Leamox's library and all filled with canned goods. It was a good setup for a man by himself. That is if he was by himself. She went upstairs next. At the top, it split into three directions. She took the hallway on the right first and found three normal bedrooms containing bed, table, chair and closet in the corner. She came back to the stairs and followed the railing across the living room to the left hall. Down this one, she found four bedrooms pretty much the same as the rest but the last one was definitely lived in. There were a couple of pictures on the wall, clothes in the closet and she found a guitar leaning against the chair.

There was only one way to go now and that was down the other walk to the one doorway for the room that set over the kitchen area. She figured it was probably another bedroom but it never hurt to look and make sure. She walked over to it and opened the door slowly as she peered in. It was dark due to the drapes were pulled closed so she walked over and opened them to let the light of the day show through. The view was fantastic from this room. You could see the forest and there was a small balcony to stand on. She could learn to like this place and thought maybe of asking him if she could have this room.

Joyfully she turned around to view the rest of the large room. The smile faded quickly from her face when she viewed the large bed that was between her and the doorway. Chains and arm clasps adorned the headboard. Ankle manacles on chains were at the botton. It looked like a torture device. The thought appalled her. There wasn't anyone there but she didn't know whether she was going to be the next victim. Horrified she stared at it as she skirted the room toward the door. All she wanted was to leave. It began to make sense now why he was so handsome and had a different accent. After all, he did tell her she was in Elven territory. It was obvious he was an elf. She never realized they looked so much like humans but then it should have dawned on her after finding out that Jacks was half elf.

Now she knew whom she had been sold to. First thing she needed to do was get to the horses and get away. No telling how long it would be before he used that room on her. He didn't know she had figured it out so now was the best time to make a run for it. She backed out the door with the knob in her hand so it would be closed again like he had left it. Suddenly she bummed into something solid. She burst back into the room terrified and bolted across to the other side. She grabbed a lamp and held it like a club threateningly. He stood in the doorway and looked from the bed to her then back again. His face showed much remorse with the frown.

"I wish you had not seen this. You will think wrong of me. I don't use this room," he started forward with his hand extended but she held the lamp higher with anger.

"Stay away from me. You’re an elf, aren't you? Why didn't you tell me? They said I was already sold but I didn't want to believe it. I believed I would be rescued before - you’re the one aren't you?" she could feel the tears start to swell in her eyes and she fought to keep control of her emotions. He looked at her calmly as he spoke.

"Yes I am elf. I did not know you were unaware of that. But I did rescue you from your captures. Please come down and talk. I will not harm you," Dax backed out the door and disappeared from her view down the walkway. Slowly she followed holding the lamp over her head just in case. She reached the doorway just as he trotted down the steps and took his seat at the kitchen table. As she watched, she tried hard to think of something she could do. He waited patiently at the table with his hands on his cup. How could she believe anything he said? Slowly she crept down the stairs and across the front of the couch. Suddenly she dashed toward the barn door with the idea of getting to the horses but he was incredibly fast. He caught her before she could open the door and took the lamp away from her. To her surprise he did nothing else.

"You cannot go anywhere. You would die in this weather. Come and talk with me. We will work this out,” he calmly went back to his chair and set the lamp to his left so that she would have to go through him to get it again. He looked at her expectantly. She knew he was right about dying but she didn't want to stay. She slid into the chair across from him and looked longingly at the door to the barn. The tears were becoming harder to hold back. This was just a trick and she knew it. All elves were liars and thieves. She couldn't believe anything he said.

"Ok I'm here, talk," she all but snarled at him. He gave her a sorted look. She could see he was having a hard time thinking of what to say. Slowly he went through the events that led to her being there with him. He was very polite and sensitive in the way he worded his story. Even though she hated William Walker, she started to cry. They were the last connection to her home and the life she had. She put her head on the table to cry. He moved around to comfort her and she almost jumped on the table. He immediately moved back to his chair. She was scared and confused. Her mind reeled from everything he told her. There was nothing else for her to do now but try to survive and find a way to escape. How was she going to keep him away from her? He sat calmly with his hands on the table where she could see them and waited.

"There is nothing you can do and nowhere for you to go. If I had not found you when I did, you would be sold at the market like an animal. This way you can have a chance to adjust and in return I have someone to talk to this winter. If I wanted to harm you I could have done it while you were unconscious. I can take you anytime I want and there would be nothing you could do about it. But-" he didn't get to finish his sentence. The anger swelled in her enough for her to speak.

"Don't tell me, you don't believe in raping and stealing. What do you call what you did to get me here? An accident? You may be right about my not being able to go anywhere but you can't make me like you or do anything I don't want to," her heart was cold and hard. His jaw tightened as he glared at her but he remained calm.

"You will have no choice if I choose. Elves have a nasty temper when it comes to a slave disobeying them. I don't like to beat my slaves but it isn't beyond me. All I ask is for you to behave and think about your situation. You can survive and enjoy the rest of your life in the luxury of an Elven home or go to the mines to work your fingers to the bone and die at an early age. Most likely they would use you as a playmate as well. Think hard about the choices you make. It could be a great deal different from what you think." Calmly he watched her reactions. He didn't like confrontation but this girl was being unreasonable. He could offer her much more of a life than in the mines and that was where they sent all the difficult ones.

"I suppose you would take care of me and never hurt me. You expect me to believe that? I’ve heard about what you people are like. You’re all liars and steel innocent folk from their homes killing and raping for pleasure. Use young children as workers in your homes. How would you like it if we did that to you?" The tears rolled freely down her face as the frustration and anger was being vented. He sat back in his chair and looked at her. She put her head in her hands on the table and wept. There was nothing she could do and the truth was as he said. She was a slave now. Her body would eventually become used by one of them. She wouldn't know what became of her children if she were to ever bear any.

"You will stay here with me all winter and in the spring when the patrol comes we will travel to Tempist. You are mine by all rights of pursuit and capture but if you are not going to like it then I will give up my right and sell you. I cannot deny what you say. My Elven brothers have done many things to your people that I am not proud of. I don't partake in those activities and never have. They make me sick to my stomach. I don't expect you to ever trust me or even like me. All I want is some company; someone to talk to besides the wall or a wolf," he stood quickly and turned as if to walk around the table. Her head shot up instinctively as she became ready for him to grab her but he disappeared down the cellar stairs.

The thought of escape entered her mind again as she looked longingly at the barn door but she remembered the wolf was out there somewhere and would probably stop her attempt. She didn't even what to tangle with it. She didn't hear his foot falls as he came back up. Suddenly he tossed something on the table in front of her making her jump. It was a jeweled choker and matching bracer. They were mostly silver with glittering gems that were arranged in the same strange design.

"These are symbols of a slave. The collar is for the slave and the cuff is how the owner keeps control of them. Only the most valuable or uncontrollable slaves have one put on them. I don't believe in using them but I will if I have to. They can cause a great deal of pain. I have seen slaves driven half mad by them. I can't allow you to leave here so don't force my hand. All I am asking for is cooperation. It can get very lonely here all by myself and all I want is a bit of conversation from time to time," he picked them up and hung them on a nail by the door in plain sight.

She watched his every move but he didn't try once to grab her. She began to believe possibly he was telling the truth and only wanted someone to talk to but then again this could be his way of winning her confidence before he tried anything. Well she had already decided not to give up anything easily. Fighting is what had gotten her this far and if she gave up now it was all over. If conversation was what he wanted then she wouldn't say another word to him. He walked over to the stove and picked up the coffee. He calmly filled his cup on the table and offered to fill hers. She only looked at him. He put the pot back on the stove and sat firmly back in his chair.

"Well you probably have questions so now is the time to ask," he said sarcastically. She remained silent and only looked at her hands. He stared at her long and hard. His hair was still damp so he pulled it back from his face into a small ponytail and revealed his pointed ears. She glanced at him as he did then quickly turn her eyes back on her cup. They were not as large as a demon's like the stories had said but still seemed odd to her. She couldn't bring herself to look into his face. The tale of how persuasive they were was definitely true. There was something about him that made her want to trust him but as long as she avoided his eyes she might be able to keep her wits about her.

She watched the snow falling outside through the window at the bottom of the stairs. It still seemed so beautiful and fragile in its own way. He began to talk to her in soothing tones but she focused her attentions on the window and listened to little except the melody of his voice. The tears had stopped and she was starting to feel better. His voice was so sweet and subtle she felt like she was in a trans, suddenly he smacked the table scaring the hell out of her.

"Are you listening? I asked you if you said your name was Te. Well, what do I call you, human? How about hey you? Say something!" his eyes showed his anger. She only looked at him nodding. Involuntarily she shuddered as tears swelled from her eyes again. "Your name is Te," he waited for her to nod, "Do you have any questions?" She shook her head no. He sat back in his chair staring at her. The look on his face was hard and cold. Finally, he stood and went up the stairs taking his coffee with him. Shortly she could hear music from the guitar that was angry and harsh. She went back to the couch and laid down crying. She found the cloak draped over the back and wrapped up in it. She could smell a familiar scent on it and realized it was Jacks'. He left it behind when he left her with his father. Jacks tried to take her with him but his father wouldn't hear of it. William Walker would rather lose his son then profit.

No wonder Jacks was a confused young man. Te closed her eyes and inhaled deeply from the aroma. It smelled of herbs, cinnamon spice and a touch of vanilla. She held it close to her face as she thought hard about him. With this, she could try to hold on to a little more of her past. The time with him wasn't very pleasant but at least he tried to be kind and considerate. She wondered what he was up to and where he had ended up. Tomal probably put an arrow through his skull. It seemed like everyone who came into contact with her had been killed or hurt because of her. She began to think she was bad luck for anyone to care about and maybe in the end it was better this way. The elves wouldn't become emotionally attached to her and wouldn't get hurt. Sadness seeped deep within her heart as she drifted off. Before she knew it, she seemed to be flying over a vast forest free as a bird. She dove into the canopy of green leaves like a hawk and landed on a branch over a narrow path.

Her mind kept telling her this was the right spot. 'Just watch, just watch.' It said to her subconscious and she felt strongly inclined to obey its commands. She heard them first coming down the trail as their voices carried but spoke a language she didn't understand. To her surprise, she saw it was Tomal and Jacks riding together. They were acting like old friends. The probability of it was ludicrous and she knew it was only a wishful dream on her part. She tried to take off into flight again but her wings wouldn't leave her sides. 'Just watch, just watch.' came the voice of her subconscious again. Curious she watched the scene unfolding in front of her. They seemed to have been hunting. The large carcass of a buck hung from a nearby tree. They laughed and made jokes about each other’s manly hood like most friends do as they dug a place in the snow for their campfire. She found it very amusing to watch actually. Then a heavy weight seemed to come upon her holding her in place. She found it hard to breathe. Everything seemed to blur into the blankness of darkness.

She looked down at Jacks just as he stood clutching his chest and crumpled over in a ball as he fell into the cold snow. He lay there motionless. Tomal rushed to his side and turned him over. A large black arrow protruded from his heart. Tomal stood and looked about him screaming in anger. His anguish was answered by the crashing of something large coming at him from the darkness. A large dark shape almost three feet taller than Tomal appeared from out of the darkness and charged him. Tomal drew his sword to fight for his life. Terror filled her heart as the thing slashed at him with large sharp claws and bit at him with its teeth. It caught him in the chest tearing right through his leather armor and sending him flying backwards from the impact. Then mysteriously the thing disappeared into mist and was gone. She saw a man form from that same mist, his hair and skin as white as the winter snow, and he looked at her. She glanced back at Tomal but it was no longer her hunter. His hair was now brown and he stared at her with warm inviting brown eyes. Her vision lowered to the wound and saw greenish fluid oozing out of the wound on his chest.

"Help him, please!" she pleaded not knowing if she was really talking or not.

"I cannot. But, you can," the white haired man replied. "Remember this Teonna Dauphlin, fear can be your greatest enemy. Never give into it and you will prevail. Use the knowledge in your head and the love in your heart then you can save him. The missile toe is deadly if used by its self, but mixed in equal parts with U`ntoa root and Brenchwood it can do wondrous things. Keep these in your memory and never forget them. He will be there to bring you home if you succeed. I have foreseen this. Let him help you and don't fight your heart," the man said then disappeared into the mist from which he had come. She looked down again to find Tomal and Jacks gone. The forest faded away as light came. She found herself standing in front of the elf's cabin once again. She walked forward to the door that opened before she touched it and found herself lying on the couch asleep. Thoughtfully she kneeled down to enter her body, believing she was in astral form. A sudden glitter about her neck caught her eye and made her look. There on her neck was the collar of slavery.

"No it can't be!" she screamed as she fell back.

She sat up quickly clutching her throat but the collar wasn't there. She looked around the room scared and unsure. The light coming through the windows had changed direction, which meant that it was later in the day. She listened for the guitar but all she could hear was a faint thump that seemed to be coming from outside somewhere. Cautiously she went to the window and looked but didn't see anything. She did notice that the snow had stopped. Still unsure what it was, she went to the barn. The sound became louder. She followed the row of stalls to the other end and realized the sound was wood being chopped.

The entry door was left open and she could see a path had been dug through the white blanket of fluffy wetness that looked three feet deep. Cautiously she followed the path around the back of the barn and stopped at the corner to look. She saw Dax splitting precut lengths of wood. The wolf stood up growling as soon as she stepped clear of the barn. Dax stopped and looked at her instantly upon the warning growl. With only a word and a motion of his hand the animal laid back down. He motioned for her to come closer. She stared at the wolf still unsure.

"He won't bother you unless I tell him to. Come help with some of this wood. We will need to keep a lot handy inside for the long nights and days when the storms get too bad to come out and chop. It gets very cold here. Come, I will load your arms," she walked forward very slowly, watching the wolf the whole time. It continued to clean its paw and didn't pay her any mind. She looked back at Dax when she got closer to him. He was sweaty from the work and was taking his shirt off. His muscles were as firm as Tomal's but a bit leaner. She hadn't noticed before but he was about the same size as Jacks. His hair color and eyes were the same as the young thief's as well. She wondered if all elves had brown eyes or if it was just a coincidence. Using his shirt, he wiped away the sweat that ran down his face. She tried hard not to look at him as she bent down to pick up some wood.

"Here let me help you," he reached for her hands but she jerked away instinctively. Patiently he held his arms out in front of him to show her what he wanted her to do. She copied his example and he started to load her arms more quickly than if she tried to pick them up by herself. The weight built up too fast and she started to lose her balance. He reached out and grabbed her but she had already lost her footing. The wood went everywhere as she threw her arms back to catch herself. He reached for her hand to pull her up before she hit the snow. Unfortunately, the angle he was leaning combined with her weight pulled him down as well. They landed in the snow with him on top of her. His body was warm and firm. She looked into his eyes mesmerized for a moment then panic filled her heart and she pushed on him to get off her. He laughed light heartedly as he climbed to his feet.

"I'm sorry. I'll help you up," he said and offered her his hand once more. She looked at him afraid but the cold wet snow was starting to seep into her clothes. Cautiously she took it and he pulled her up quickly. "Not so much this time I think," he grinned sideways at her making her blush unwillingly. She held her arms out once more. This time he stopped after a bit and asked if it was enough. She nodded and walked back down the path toward the barn. "Put that load next to the stove then come back for more." he called after her then she heard the sound of chopping again. When she dumped her load into the box next to the stove she noticed that the fire in the living room was starting to get low so she took a few moments to put some logs on it before she headed back out.

It took a short time before it came back to a roar and she turned her backside to it for warmth. Reluctantly she left its warmth knowing she had to go back out and help as he asked. She glanced at the collar on the nail by the door and remembered his words plainly. If she did as he asked he promised not to put it on her. 'Be a good little slave girl and I'll treat you right,' she scoffed to herself and cringed at the thought of the thing even being that close to her. Whatever it did to people she didn't want to learn firsthand so it was better that she did as he asked. That is for now, until she found a way out of this mess. Her thoughts now turned back to the dream she had. It disturbed her so she tried to think of something else. Her mind went straight back to the elf. She scolded herself for even thinking of him as she entered the barn and almost ran into him.

"There you are. I was beginning to think you had abandoned me," he smiled and gave her his load of wood. Then he turned and went back outside. She placed this load on top of the other by the stove and went out for the next load. This time the wolf only raised its head as she walked around the corner then lay back on its side in the sun. A drop of water hit her on the head as she passed under the eve. She looked up and saw that the snow was melting some. That could be a good sign. Tomal might still have a chance to find her if he manages to find her trail on this side of the mountains. Better here than the Elven city. She put those thoughts away as she came closer. Dax was hard at work gathering more wood as she approached.

"Put these in the box just outside the door going into the house in the barn. I need to cut more logs for the fireplace. Hurry now, we don't have all day. It can turn cold fast after night falls," he picked up a bow saw and headed for some logs that lay on the ground. She did as he asked then returned for more wood. He was sawing one of the logs he had placed on an X shaped stand. She sat on the stump he had been using to watch. Without realizing she stared at every move he made. 'He did have a great body. No hair on his chest and very little on his arms. Now to think about it, neither did Jacks. It was no wonder she didn't realize he was an elf at first. She never saw one before and other then the ears, he looked like an ordinary woodsman,' she thought as she watched.

'His accent was a little heavy but all in all there was little to let one know any difference. Jacks looked like an ordinary boy without the tips on his ears.,’ she thought on the subject more. She suddenly realized Dax had stopped chopping and was looking at her. She had been staring a hole right in his back. She put her face down embarrassed. 'What an idiot, I have to be more careful,' she chastised herself. She was so deep within her own thoughts she didn't even hear him come close to her. Before she knew it he was right in front of her. He grinned at her with that same wolfish expression Jacks had. She became very nervous and unsure. It made her feel the same way it felt when Jacks was trying to seduce her. Dax leaned down toward her and she leaned away instinctively. She felt a tug from under her and looked down. She was setting on his shirt. She slid away from him and stood by the fallen logs. He just continued to smile at her.

"Here, let me put some in your arms. I think between the two of us we can get it all at once and not have to come back out until tomorrow,” he explained and  picked up a piece of wood while waiting for her to come forward. She was so embarrassed she couldn't even look into his face but put her arms out anyway. "You put yours by the fire and I will put mine in the barn. If we get an early start in the morning, we can get enough for a week," he raised an eyebrow at her but she still didn't say a word or look at him. "You haven't said a thing since this morning. Why?" he waited for her to answer but only got a shrug of shoulders. "I see. You've decided to be silent. That is fine. My father said I could talk enough for two so it doesn't bother me a bit," he said jovially as he picked up the last of the wood and followed her to the barn. 'Take your time Dax. There isn't a woman in the Kingdom that can resist your charms for long,' he thought as he watched her walk in front of him.

Elven Demons
Teonna slept on the couch for the next two nights as she continued her defiant silent protest. He had already admitted that he knew she was being silent on purpose but claimed it didn't matter. He chattered on like a parrot as she did the things he told her to do. He would ask a question or two from time to time in an attempt to make her slip up but she was steadfast in her conviction and remained completely quiet. She avoided any close contact and retired as soon as he would allow it. On the third day she could see signs of it affecting him. He became so aggravated that he almost hit her then pulled back and muttered something to himself about bringing down the value. As long as he considered her valuable, he wouldn't harm her. But she didn't know how long that would last.

He drank heavily that night and when she refused to fold the laundry he picked up a thin log from the fireplace and came at her as if he were going to beat her with it. She believed she had pushed him too far this time and picked up the laundry quickly. He stopped in mid stride and stared at her. Suddenly he heaved it completely across the kitchen and through the window over the sink. She watched him fix it to keep the cold air out and mused to herself with satisfaction. while he grumbled the whole time. She quickly folded his clothes then took them up to his room and laid them neatly on his dresser. When she turned around, he was standing in the door with a raised eyebrow. Then he frowned angrily at her.

"I understand you’re not wanting to talk. I said I could live with that. Who wants to listen to a woman babble all day? But I think we need to get something straight. I've decided that if you won't do as I command then I won't feed you. You don't work, you don't eat. I don't care if you die from hunger; I won't beat you in order to get you to obey. I'm not going to make you do it all so don't think I’m an ogre. Do you get my point?" He gave her a cold scowl. She nodded and walked past him back to the couch. The unhappiness she felt was more powerful then the little bit of pleasure she received from making him angry. That too was becoming mundane but she wouldn't give up.

The next morning Dax awoke to the aroma of pork and eggs being cooked. He thought he was dreaming but got up and slipped his pants on anyway. Silently he glided down the hallway to the balcony and peered down. She was cooking breakfast and the smell was divine. He raced back to his room to finish dressing. Excitedly he walked down to the kitchen. He found his plate with the eggs and pork on it. There was another plate with hot bread along with jam, honey and butter. She had even poured him a cup of coffee. But there wasn’t other plate. She had left his meal for him to eat alone. He looked around the open room to make sure he hadn't missed her but she was nowhere to be seen.

Suspicion filled his heart with doubt to her motives for being so cooperative. Could this be another ploy by her to avoid contact with him? He was growing tired of her games and was going to put a stop to it here and now. He began a room-by-room search for her starting with the laundry room but he found she hadn't been there. He went to the cellar next but still no sign of her could be found. Then it hit him that perhaps she was using this as a diversion so she could escape. While he sat happily eating, she would ride off. He raced out to check the horses and that is when he heard the song. Soft and sweet floating on the air as soft as butterfly wings. It drew him to it like a moth to a flame. He followed it to the hall that led to the bathing hall. Quietly he crept down to the door so he could see if she was there. He wasn't quite ready for what he found.

She was there as he thought and the sweet song came from her as she bathed. He stared as she turned under the water that came from the spout. His head felt light as he watched the glistening water run over her plump breasts and down her naked body. Feelings of desire gripped his very soul. He struggled against his own natural instinct to take her. Sweat ran down his face and burned his eyes from the effort. He had to leave before it was too late. Slowly he forced each footstep back down the hall to the barn. He sat panting on the edge of the wood box and still heard her song. As beautiful as any Elven voice he had ever heard. She called to him like a siren. His heart burned with a desire he had never felt before. He had to find something to get his mind off of it. Distressed, he ran out of the barn with his hands over his sensitive ears. Feverishly he chopped wood to drown out the sounds of the song. Sweat began to wet his shirt from the excretion so he removed it. He continued chopping until he was too tired to care about the frustration or desire.

His stomach grumbled reminding him he hadn't eaten. Exhausted he pulled his shirt back on without tucking it in, gathered up some of the wood he had chopped, and headed toward the cabin. He listened carefully for the song and to his relief heard nothing. The door to the kitchen was left ajar slightly so he simply pushed it open and strode in like nothing was wrong. She was doing dishes and didn't even raise her head at his entrance. The plates with food were gone but the place setting was still there. Casually he dropped the wood into the box next to the stove then took his seat at the table again.

Mechanically she retrieved the covered plates of food from the stove and placed them in front of him. A few droplets of water fell from her hair hitting him on the arm as she leaned over him. Carefully she used the apron she wore to wipe his arm dry. Absentmindedly she walked into the smoking room and sat down to darn a ripped shirt. He only stared at her. Her behavior was too strange. Ever since she found out he was an elf she had fought his authority over her. Now she was being too nice. She stopped what she was doing and looked back at him as if she was waiting for him to say something. He stared at her confused. Scrapping up his lost composure he looked down at his plate then back at her.

"How do I know you aren't trying to poison me? You’re being too nice," he complained with a frown. She stood and walked calmly over to his side. She rolled her eyes then picked up his fork and took a small bite of each thing on his plate to show him she wasn’t trying to kill him. He accepted the clean fork she offered him and gladly began to eat the meal she had prepared. It tasted better than anything he had eaten in a long time. Or at least in the last five years considering he had to be his own cook all the time. She returned to the chair and started to darn his shirt again as calmly as before. He was almost finished with his plate when she began to hum. He choked on the bite he had in his mouth. It was unmistakably the same tune from the bathing room.

He swallowed hard and looked at her. She was just sewing and humming as if in her own little world. He tried to put it out of his mind by picking up his own plate and washing it. It didn't help. He went down to the cellar in hopes of escaping it but it haunted him there too. He sat in a crouch position at the bottom of the steps holding his sensitive ears as tightly as he could but it didn't help. His heart began to beat so hard he thought it would explode. Frantically he dashed up the stairs and stopped at the top staring at her. Instinctively he approached her from behind on silent feet. At first he wanted to just grab her and rip her clothes off but he held himself back. Instead he clamped a hand over her mouth and held her tight. She jumped at his touch; her eyes became wide with terror. He gently touched the shell of her ear with his lips. A shiver went through her from his hot breath in her ear as he spoke.

"Please stop humming that tune. I don't know why but it is driving me crazy. I may not be able to contain myself for much longer; so for your own good just stop," he said as steadily as he could. He suddenly released her and without looking back went up to his room and closed the door behind him. Exhausted he threw himself on his bed. Within minutes he was asleep. He began to dream about things he never saw before. There was a castle on the edge of a cliff in a land unfamiliar to him. A man stood on the wall looking out over the countryside. His red robe flowed with the wind as if a part of it. Suddenly the man turned and pointed a long accusing finger at Dax. The man’s eyes flared with orange flame as he spoke in a haunting voice. 'You will pay for this with the rest of your life.'

Dax sat up, sweat pouring from his face. He looked around quickly to get his barings and found he was in his own bedroom. The light from the window showed him it was almost dark. His head pounded slightly from his long sleep since he usually didn't sleep during the day. He slowly walked toward the kitchen to get some pain powder. He glanced down from the balcony and saw Geawa lying in his usual place by the door but the girl was nowhere to be seen. 'Damn, that little bitch drugged me so she could get away,' he thought to himself as he bolted down to the barn. The horses were still in the stalls. He went to the bathing room and then had a thought. 'She probably took off on foot. She wanted me to waste time looking for her while she got farther away. Damn stupid human would have to take off in weather like this. When I find her I’m going to beat the hell out of her,' he fumed as he walked back to the kitchen for his winter gear.

He paused and reached for the collar of slavery to take with him when he heard the clinking of glass. The sound was coming from down in the cellar. Recklessly he raced down the stairs then suddenly stopped, as she looked up surprised from the middle of a pile of glass jars. There was fear in her eyes, as she remained frozen in place. Embarrassed he turned and trotted back up the stairs. He flopped on the couch holding his head in his hands not believing the mistake he had just made. He was relieved that she was still there but at the same time afraid of what the dream meant. He didn't understand the connection but he knew there was one.

He took a few deep breaths then stood and walked over to the boarded window over the sink. He searched the shelf over it for a bottle that he had put up there the first day of his arrival to the cabin five years ago. He glanced at the wood covering the broken window. 'I’ll have to fix that tomorrow,' he thought as he brushed the dust from the label of the bottle. The label itself was faded and mice had nibbled on it but the cork was still good so the contents were still drinkable. Carefully he popped the cork and smelled the aroma of an ancient time when the Elven Empire was strong and had no need for contact with humans. This particular wine had been in his family since before his father was born and he was a ripe old age of eight hundred and seventy-six. Dax's own mother had given it to him before her death. She told him that if he ever wanted to relax it would be best to drink something made by Elven hands and not that of the filthy humans.

His mother hadn't always hated humans. Not until his father took one as a concubine for pleasure. His mother knew in her heart it was because of her illness and that he didn't love her any less but he did stop spending as much time with her and more with his human play mate. His mother’s heart became cold and hard toward any human. Dax was the second of two sons she had borne for his father before her illness had taken over her limbs. Alex being the oldest had to learn how to take over as the ruler so Dax was left to entertain his mother with songs and poems to help ease her pain.

When the human wench disappeared almost nineteen years ago after a particularly heated argument between Dax’s parents. Dax’s father left home shortly after and Dax always thought his father was looking for the human girl he cared so dearly for. Dax’s mother was finally able to die in piece but unfortunately his father didn’t returned home in time to spend the last few days with his wife and queen nor did he have the human girl with him. Dax’s father never talked about what happened but to this day his father has not taken another woman to his bed. Dax knew his mother broke his father's heart by the cruel things she said and might even have been responsible for the girl's disappearance. But Dax knew his father still loved his mother no matter what she might have done.

Dax set the bottle on the table and got a glass from the cupboard. He started to set down but then thought the better of it as he glanced at the door leading to the cellar. He sighed and walked up to his room closing the door behind him. 'I'm beginning to feel like a prisoner up here,' he thought as he poured the red fluid into the glass. He sat on the edge of the bed and smelled of it again. Its fragrance was just like the bottle he had opened and drank on the turn of the year gone past this last time. He took a sip and held it in his mouth to savor the flavor then let it slide down as easily as water. It only took a few minutes before he began to feel the effects of the fluid's calming drug.

'Mother was right,' he thought, 'elves do make the best wine and that makes them a superior race.' He grinned egotistically as he quickly drank what was left in the glass and then filled it to the brim. 'Well I spent the last turn of the year alone but this year I have the girl to celebrate with. She is already showing signs of submission. Maybe she’s getting the idea that there’s nothing for her to do but what I say. She’s a slave and I’m the master. If there is anything I want from her she should give it without any question and if she refuses I will just beat her. When I return to Tempist in the spring, she’ll bring a pretty penny at the market along with all those horses I obtained with her. Then once again I will romance the beautiful Elven maidens of the court with my music and dance the nights away. In fact, not feeling comfortable drinking in front of her was stupid and an insult.' He frowned thinking about this new epiphany. He started to take another drink but found the glass empty.

'Damn there must be a hole in this glass,' he mused as he grabbed the bottle and filled it again. The clatter of glass from down stairs caught his attention. 'I should be a polite host and offer her some of my wine,' he grinned as he stood and walked to the edge of the balcony. He saw her standing over a sink full of glass jars she had brought up from the cellar. Soundlessly he walked down the stairs to stand at her side. He shoved the glass in front of her view startling her at first but she quickly recovered.

"Want to experience the best thing you will ever have in your entire life?" He shoved the glass at her again as he spoke. She gave him a strange look as she covered her nose and waved his breath away. Calmly she moved away from him toward the couch. He quickly cut her off and again put the wine in front of her. Her eyes began to show signs of fear so he thought he should talk fast to reassure her. "You don't have to worry. It won't poison you. I’ve already had a couple of glasses. It will be the best thing you have ever tasted and I’ll guarantee you will never taste anything like it again. Most elves cherish this more than their wives," he exclaimed profoundly as he placed the glass in her hand and pushed the rim to her lips. Teonna didn't know what else to do but as he asked. Cautiously she sipped the red liquid from his glass. She let it linger on her tongue for only seconds before swallowing. He urged her to try more but this time when she opened her mouth to take a sip he pushed slightly on the glass to fill her mouth quickly. She managed to take the bigger drink without choking. It did have the wonderful flavor of fresh vine ripened grapes.

"Would you like some? I'll get it," Dax said and headed for the cupboard excitedly before she could stop him. He quickly returned with a glass filled to the brim and handed it to her. He smiled and went to the couch to set down. She headed for the rocking chair she liked to set in but he stopped her by grasping her hand tightly and pulling her over to the couch to set by him. He didn't fuss when she slid as far away from him as she could. It was nice enough for him to just have someone to talk to. He started to talk about whatever came to mind. Mostly he talked about things he had experienced as a young lad. He talked on for so long that he didn't even realize that it was dark.

The wine had warmed Teonna too but with different results. She sat and patiently listened to his stories. It reminded her of the stable boys she knew from back home. Just thinking about them made the tears start to form in her eyes again. She looked into the fire as she sipped on the wine subconsciously. The last thing she wanted was for Dax to see tears on her face. It would show weakness. She didn't really hate him anymore. Even Walker didn't seem so bad and he was the one really responsible for her being here. She just wanted to go home.

She didn't realize Dax had stopped talking and was looking at her. He eased himself closer and took her chin gently in his hand so he could look into her eyes. She pushed his hand away and turned so her back was completely to him. This time he slid close enough she could feel his breath on her neck. He tried to turn her face toward him but she pushed away again and stood up. She walked toward the stairs as if to go up but stopped at the bottom to place the glass of wine in her hand on the stand that set there. Suddenly he stood and walked toward her with anger in his eyes like she had never seen before. He reached out to grab her but she moved away like he expected.

"What is with you? All I want to do is understand what is upsetting you. You won't even talk to me or look me in the face. I have had enough of your attitude. You’re going to accept what you are and be happy with it!" He stepped forward to grab her again but she was able to elude him and dashed for the door. Pain exploded on her head when her hair was yanked and she realized he had it as he pulled her back to him. Her neck throbbed from the stress and pain but she spun around and racked his face with her fingernails. He released one hand from her long hair and put it to his face with a shocked look.

Instinctively she doubled up her fist and hit him as hard as she could in the stomach. He doubled over but she still couldn't break free from his grasp. Tears blinded her as she fought desperately to get away. She bit the hand that held her hair so hard she could taste his blood in her mouth. He screamed with pain and backhanded her violently hurling her against the couch where she bounced then rolled to the floor. Like a cat on a mouse he pounced on her before she could recover from the blow. She screamed so he hit her again this time splitting her lip and drawing blood. He grinned with satisfaction and began ripping her blouse open.

"Let me go! No don't! DON'T!" she screamed still fighting his hold. He pulled a knife from his boot and held it at her throat.

"It’s too late to decide to speak now. Be quiet or I'll make sure no man or elf will ever want to look upon that pretty face of yours again. I'm not stupid enough to kill you and lose the gold. But I can make sure you end up in a whorehouse where they’ll put a bag over your head and you’ll have to do whatever the next paying customer wants you to do," he said snidely as he  slid the flat edge along her cheek until he was certain of the fear in her eyes.

Carefully he used the knife to cut open the belt on her skirt then slid it down her legs admiring how long they were. One by one, he cut the remaining buttons from her blouse. If she squirmed or even whimpered he would make a little cut on her stomach as a reminder. His breath caught in his chest at the sight of her plump bosom. He sat back on his heels scanning the same body that had tempted him when she first arrived but this time he was determined to have her. She managed to stop the tears for now even though she could feel the heat rise on her cheeks from embarrassment and humiliation caused by his lustful stare. She closed her eyes and swallowed. Her mind tried to leave her body but as soon as she began to relax he slapped her to bring her back to complete awareness. Her eyes shot open with fear and stared into his dark-brown ones as he towered over her.

"I want you to be awake for this and soon you’ll learn to enjoy it or become a whore. I don't care anymore." Again he smiled with satisfaction as he loosened his own belt. He ran his free hand down her body relishing the softness of her skin. She held back a whimper when he shoved one knee then the other between hers forcing her legs apart until he was settled with his groin pressing against her sliding back and forth. A tear slipped from her eye she couldn’t stop when he pressed into her body slowly until he reached her maidenhood. With a quick thrust he took the one thing she had fought so hard to keep. The pain at first was a shock and she felt her muscles stiffen. She began to shake and couldn't stop this time. She tried hard to relax and prayed the whole thing would just end.

"Don't fight me and you’ll enjoy it as much as I do. Although you may not believe it, I’m sorry for the pain but I promise it will stop soon. Just relax,” he cooed as his fingers slid down the side of her face while staring into her eyes reassuringly. “It has been so long since I've held a woman in my arms. I’m going to enjoy this for a long time," he smiled down at her as he wiped the tears from her face with one hand while the other still gently pressing the knife against her side.

He began caressing spots on her body with his free hand as he moved sending shocks throughout ever nerve making her body experience feelings she didn't want to feel. He encouraged her to move in sync with him so she did the best she could without the knife cutting into her. His movements were more fevered and he buried his nose in her hair next to her ear. She could hear his panting and low moans then his free hand began caressing her body into the same feverish build up. She gasped when warmth began to fill every nerve. That same hand firmly grasped her urging her to move in time with him causing sensations that were driving her mad. She could hear her own moans leave her mouth then the scream when the pressure inside her exploded sending shocking and shivers through ever nerve of her body.

She faintly felt him releasing inside her before his body relaxed. He raised his head grinning smugly and looked into her eyes for a moment before pulled away from her and buckled his pants. Her trembling hands pulled at her remaining cloths numbly trying to cover herself. Suddenly he sprang to his feet and grabbed her by the arm roughly so that she stood in front of him. He looked her up and down still smiling evilly. "You need to get cleaned up," he snickered to himself and pushed her toward the barn door. Her body was still trembling from the assault making it hard to walk. She stumbled over the rug but he caught her by the hair and stood her up again. Pain shot through her head and neck. He shoved her toward the barn door once more but stopped by the peg on the wall that held the collar of slavery.

Terror filled her heart at the sight. She pulled away from him as soon as he loosened his grasp to reach for it. His eyes flared with anger, his grip that still held her hair became tighter and with a downward swing tried to cut her face with the knife he still held. She dodged it and reached out frantically for anything. Her hand hit the cold metal handle of the frying pan that still set in the drainer from being washed that morning. Blindly she swung it around and managed to deflect the second attack from the knife. She swung the pan back as hard as she could and felt the impact. His grip loosened on her hair so she spun for another attack. He had stumbled back to his knees and was holding his temple dazed. She hit him again as hard as she could and sent him falling backwards to the ground. He lay there motionless as blood ran freely from a gash over his left eye. The knife lay only inches away from his right hand. Cautiously she kneeled down for it.

Her trembling fingers were mere inches from the knife when he grabbed her arm. She kicked at his groin but only hit his upper thigh. Then she stomped on his arm to make him let go. He howled with pain and released her. She ran heedlessly for the door and freedom. He got up slowly and staggered after her. His vision was blurry but he could see the warm glow coming from the object of his obsession as he followed her out into the cold night air. The slick snow caused her to slip a couple of times but she forced her sore legs to keep going. She hadn't gone far before he caught her by the hair again. He spun her around and hit her open handed then backhanded her. She collapsed in the snow dazed. Her cheeks burned on both sides from the attack. By the time the cold snow started to bring her around he was dragging her toward the barn using her hair once again as his lever of control. She struggled but he was moving so fast she couldn't get to her feet.

He grabbed a rope that hung down the side of one support beam. He began to tie her arm to it. She fought back with what strength she could find. Again he hit her knocking her senseless. He then tied another rope around the other arm that was secured to the post across from the first so that her arms stretched her out hanging with only her toes touching the ground for support. Casually he walked over to where the saddles and bridles were stored and picked up a rag. He cleaned some of the blood from his face as he searched for something among the items there. Shortly he returned with something in his hand and walked behind her where he ripped the remaining clothes from her body. Still dazed, her head lolled across her shoulder lazily when she tried to see what he was doing.

Sudden pain racked her back like a thousand tiny needles tearing at her flesh followed by a quick snap sound of what she now realized was a whip. The pain increased as he hit her repeatedly. She clamped her mouth tightly. Her pride refused to let her scream out even as her teeth clinched in agony with each strike. Again and again each hit tearing at her tender flesh become stronger increasing the pain more and more. She could feel blood trickle down her bottom and legs. Before long tears surged down her cheeks like a flood. Finally she could stand it no longer. "Stop! Please stop! I can't take anymore. Please!" she cried brokenly. He stopped and pulled her head back where she could feel his breath on her face.

"Are you going to give me anymore trouble?” he waited for her to shake her head no. “Remember this; you will have to kill me to get away. I don't think you have it in you," he said as he ran a hand up and down her side caressingly. Then he moved to her front groping every inch of her naked body that wasn’t covered in blood. He showed her the whip when she squirmed. His hands burned the cuts left on her back by the whip making her grimace in pain. He took her again merely to show her he could. The smile on his face made her sick to her stomach but she didn’t have the strength left to fight. "Now you definitely need your bath. Perhaps I can help you there as well," he smiled more to himself then to her as he untied her arms. She was so weak she collapsed as soon as the first was loosened. He caught her before she hit the ground and proceeded to half carry and half drag her into the bathing room.

She was dizzy and heard little of what he said to her as he hauled her down the small hall. The heat from the room made her aware of it and what was going to happen next. Little else stood out in her mind but the desire to stay away from the hot mineral water. She knew it would burn her wounds causing more pain. She began to struggle with little effectiveness and felt him pick her up easily as he walked toward the steaming water. The splash, then the scream that escaped her mouth was the last memory she had before slipping into unconsciousness. The agonizing scream snapped him out of the demonic trance he had been in. Suddenly he realized just what he had done. He stood motionless staring at her floating body but didn’t want to admit it to himself. The thought seized him that she could be dead already from his actions so he jumped in and pulled her to the side. He gently cradled her in his arms as he wiped the hair from her face. To his relief she was still breathing but unconscious. Tears filled his eyes as he looked into her bruised, swollen and cut face, knowing it was from his abuse.

"What have I done? I’m so sorry,” his mind swam with visions of the terrible thing he did. He knew she would hate him and he didn't blame her. “I only wanted to get to know you. Now you’ll never trust me. I’ve only shown you the monster that humans call elf," he held her close and cried tears he hadn't cried since his mother died. He believed himself different from others because he was kinder to the human slaves. But in fact he was worse, a hypocrite and liar, deep inside he was no different. He didn't know if she would live but he had to try to do something. Even making her comfortable for now might help. Slowly he removed her from the water and dried her before carrying her to the cabin.

Slavery
She awoke laying on her stomach. At first she didn't recognize where she was until she saw the guitar on its stand in the corner. Fearfully she tried to push up from the bed but pain shot through her back and legs. She slowly eased herself back down. The sheet that covered her bare body didn't hold back much of the cold air in the room. She tried not to think about what he may have been doing while she was unconscious. He had already taken her virginity, what else was left? She knew at this point she would have to adapt to survive. Again she pushed herself up from the bed but this time forcefully ignored the searing pain that shot through her muscles like tearing claws. She wrapped the sheet around her tender body and forced herself to stand. Slowly she walked toward the door; each step was a test of her will power as the sharp pain coursed throughout her legs. She almost reached the door when it opened. He looked at her surprised then helped her back to the bed while talking in a medium tone.

"I know what I did was wrong and I don't expect you to forgive me. I want you to know I didn't plan on taking your vir-" he let the last word fall in silence from his lips when she looked at him with tears running down her cheeks. He took a breath and swallowed hard. He knew he couldn't look into those green eyes and not think about the terror he had caused. For her sake he couldn't let it get to him. If she didn't learn now then someone not so 'understanding' would make it a lot harder on her. In fact most would have just killed her. He took another breath then continued. "Contrary to what you may think, I didn't enjoy beating you but you were asking for it from the start. So don't expect me to feel sorry for you. I told you that you are a slave now; you need to start thinking like one. The collar will help with some of the fear you have when I touch you or it can cause serious pain so don't make me use it," he brandished the bracer on his wrist to prove his words.

She lifted a shaky hand to her neck and felt the cool metal collar with the finely cut gems in it. She collapsed on the bed and cried. Total despair filled her heart and soul; it was truly all over then. No amount of rebuttal would take it off. The only one who could was setting next to her on the bed and he considered her a slave. She wished he had just killed her instead. He picked her up in his arms. Instead of the revulsion she expected to feel at his touch, she felt a comforting empathy flow over her. She relaxed into his arms absorbing the feeling. He cradled her until she fell asleep. Mournfully he looked into her bruised swollen face wondering how he could have ever harmed it. Gently he stroked her long brown hair then hugged her close before laying her back down on her stomach. He hoped in time she would come to understand that what he did was for her own good. He stretched out next to her watching until he too fell asleep. Again Dax dreamed of the robed man on the castle wall but this time the man only shook his head and turned away. Instead of fear like before Dax felt deep sadness fill his heart.

Dax awoke the next morning to find her arm over his chest. Her head rested on his pillow so close he could feel her gentle breath on his neck. He ran his fingers lightly across her face as the guilt renewed in his heart. She stirred gently then opened her eyes to look at him; her emerald green orbs melting his heart. He wanted to show her that making love wasn't like what had happened but knew that if he tried now it would only make her hate him more. Instead he offered to help her down to the bathing pool so she could wash. She sat on a bench while he brought her a bowl with clean water from the spout in the wall. Slowly she began to wash her legs.

"Do you want me to leave?" he asked trying to be polite. She looked at him sideways and sighed heavily. He noticed the sparkle that was in her eyes was missing.

"Does it matter? You’ve seen anything I might have wanted to hide. I’ll need your help washing my back if it isn’t a bother," she lowered the sheet and washed her front. He quickly turned away so he wouldn't stare. Shame came over him as he remembered the sight of her body the day before. He never considered rape before. Not even the women who had been brought back by raiding parties had interested him enough to do something so horrible. "There are some healing salves in one of the packs that was with the things you acquired. It’s the one with the black flap. Could I trouble you to retrieve it for me seeing as I’m having a hard time moving around by myself?" she asked but the coldness in her voice angered him.

"Well if you’re going to be nasty about asking me for something then maybe I should repeat the beating from yesterday. I’m still your master so loose the attitude or I can have fun beating you to death. The choice is yours," he stood with his arms folded over his chest to show he meant what he said. She needed to learn to control her tongue or it would eventually get her killed. She looked at him considering his words then lowered her eyes.

"Please my lord; I need it to make it stop hurting," a tear ran down her cheek that she quickly brushed away with the back of her hand. He knew she was in no shape to try and run so he went out to the barn to sift through all the packs that were acquired with her and the horses. After a few minutes he found the one with the black flap but didn't know what bottle she needed. Upon returning he found her leaning over with her head resting on her arms.

"Here I think this is it," he set the pack in front of her. He took a moment to view her back again. It truly was a mess littered with open wounds and bruises. Just looking at it made the guilt he felt ten times worse. His first instinct was to help her but he wanted her to ask for his help. If he just started to do things for her then she would come to expect him to give into her. That would be a bad habit when she was sold. He contemplated this as she searched the pack then retrieved a plain looking bottle, which she set on the bench next to her.

"Please my lord, wash my back and then apply this salve to it. It will make it stop hurting and heal faster so I can start my work as a slave as soon as possible. That’s what you want isn't it, me to adjust quickly and correctly," her voice was filled with sarcasm as she moved the sheet from behind her giving him better access to the wounds. His first reaction was to slap her but he knew he had caused her enough pain. The scares would run deep for a long time and he had no chance of her becoming completely loyal to him now. Someone else would have to gently her spirit. He washed each cut as gently as he could. From time to time she would cringe but he didn't stop. He generously applied the salve to all the cuts. To his surprise she made a light sigh of relief seconds after he started. He never heard of such a thing that would take the pain away from a cut. But if she insisted it worked then he would use it.

"Please help me lie down again. I have to rest," she looked at him with dull eyes; her face was so pale he thought he was looking at a ghost. A feeling of dread sank into the depths of his heart that scared him. Without a word he took her into the couch and laid her on her stomach. Within minutes she was unconscious again. All he could do now was wait and hope she pulled through. He went about his daily chores and checked on her from time to time. Finally night fell again. He built the fire up to keep the cabin warm for fear of a fever setting in on her. He sat in the rocking chair that she liked so much to watch her. He found one of his shirts she had been repairing lying on the hearth. He picked it up and held it to his face as he cried tears of shame for what he had done. Knowing that she hated him crushed his heart. Why it affected him so much, he didn’t understand. He was elf and she was just another human slave. So why did he care so much?

He applied more of the salve to her wounds then draped the shirt over her back. After stocking the fire he went up to get a blanket and pillow. He stretched out on the floor next to her so he could be sure the fire didn't go out. He awoke to the sound of crackling pork on the fire. At first he thought he was dreaming then he saw she was gone from the couch. He raised himself up on the couch so he could look into the kitchen and found she was there cooking breakfast. She was wearing the shirt he had left over her the night before. His eyes lingered on her long shapely legs for a long time admiring them. Then it dawned on him how easily she moved about when just the day before she looked like warmed over death. He walked into the kitchen suspicious of the salve she had him use on her back.

"Let me see your back," he commanded. Her body went rigid at the sound of his voice but she did as he ordered and turned her back to him as she raised the shirt over her head so he could see. Amazed, he ran his hand down the length of her back to her upper thighs over marks that looked to be at least a month old. "I’ve never seen anything like this. You were close to death yesterday. What did you do? Are you a healer," he spun her around quickly startling her and she dropped the shirt. He stared into her wide eyes to make sure she told the truth. She lowered her face to avoid his gaze. "Answer me! Don't think about lying. I can tell if you do because of this," he raised his arm with the slavery cuff on it.

"Yes and no. I wasn't finished with my training. I know enough to make the healing salve and medicine for fevers but not much more," she calmly said and picked up the shirt to put back on then returned to cooking.

"Damn! Do you know what you’re worth to the Elven kingdom? There are few who can heal left alive. You, my dear, are a gold mine," he spun her around and kissed her on the cheek before letting her go, then danced around the kitchen. He threw himself on the couch like an excited child grinning from ear to ear. She paid little attention to him and continued to prepare his breakfast. She took a cup of coffee to him then placed one of the small end tables close for him to use as a table. Mechanically she brought him a plate full of hot food and a cutting board with fresh bread and butter on it. Without a word she returned to the kitchen and started to clean up. He watched her walk away before eating everything on the plate. He took the dishes in and placed them in the dishwater.

"Thank you that was delicious. I haven't had anyone around to cook for me in some time. Nothing good like that since I left Tempist anyway. You’ll like it there. It’s the most beautiful place in the entire world. At least that is what I’m told. I haven't been to other places really. Most elves don't go outside the kingdom; we aren't liked much. What’s your home like," he leaned against the counter and watched her wash the dishes as he sipped on his coffee. She looked at him from the corner of her eye as she rinsed his breakfast plate.

"I’m from Tellis. But then what does it matter, it’s not my home anymore," she said almost absentmindedly. He detected the discontent in her tone and considered her words carefully.

"I want you to feel comfortable with your future in the Elven kingdom. You can be as happy as you want if only you’ll allow yourself. I’ll be around to help if you need me. I would like for you to always consider me a friend. I do like your spirit. So few humans have it by the time they get there. Unfortunately I can't keep you myself, it wouldn't look right. I could talk to my brother and have him buy you. Then I could see you anytime you like. I wouldn't mind that arrangement at all. As I said I really do like you," he ran a finger down her cheek and was pleased she didn't move away from his touch.

He smiled satisfied that what he had done to her had worked so well in breaking her defiance. She didn't say anything to him but continued to clean the counters around him. He sighed and went out to feed the horses. To his surprise it had already been done. He walked out to the woodpile to pick up what he had chopped the day before but there was none left on the ground. He began to think she felt she had to do all the work because she was a slave. He didn't want her to think elves were lazy, especially not him. 'Maybe she’s trying to make a point,' he thought as he walked back to check on her. He found her dusting things on the mantle. On silent feet, he crept up behind her and put his hands on her waist. She froze for a moment as if waiting for something, when nothing happened she slowly started to dust again as if his hands on her waist meant nothing. He knew she was uncomfortable being touched, especially by him. He didn't cherish the thought of it but knew why.

"You didn’t have to do everything. I already explained that to you,” he said in a low calm voice.

“It’s expected of me to work for my master. Isn’t that what I should do instead of fighting it,” she replied just as calmly.

“You’re making this harder than you need to. If you need to say something I’ll listen but this will be the only time you can speak your mind. I promise not to over react," he leaned against the mantle with his hand so he could look into her face. For a short time the fiery spark in her green eyes flared as sharp and clear as emeralds while they bore into his searchingly. She finally exhaled and looked down.

"You don't understand what you’re asking of me. I'm not some herd animal without emotion that can be bought and sold. I have feelings and I did have a life before all this happened. Do you honestly believe that humans are good for nothing more then brood animals or slaves? We have a culture just like you, maybe not the same as yours but our own all the same. We eat, sleep, work, play, sing, dance and even love like your people. That is if you love, I really don’t know but the main thing is, I don't see that big of difference between our people other than physical features and life spans.

You talk about me to my face like I’m a piece of meat in the market ready for the next buyer and then expect me to think of you as my friend. What is it you want me to say? That I don't mind at all? You want me to think of you as my friend after what you did? All you are to me is a rapist and someone I have to obey to survive. Where I come from friends don't treat their friends like this. How can you expect me to even want to be in the same room with you after you raped me then beat the hell out of me. Over react; is that what you call it? I would have died except I know something about healing.

I might have to serve you and even bed with you but I don't have to respect you or like you. If you want my respect then give me something to respect. Respect is earned not something expected because of who you are. That’s all I have to say and you won't hear it again," she threw the cloth down on the hearth and ran to the barn crying. He sat on the couch to think about what she said. A lot of it was true, more than he wanted to admit. There was nothing he could do to help the situation. He wanted to scream with rage for all the mistakes he had made with her. The loneliness had almost driven him crazy last year, how would he contain it now when the only other person around hated him. He knew he couldn't change the laws of the Elven people and take her back to the human realm. That would make him a trader to his own kingdom. Besides it shouldn't matter so much, she was only a human girl. He tried to convince himself of this but inside he knew it was a falsehood. At last he concluded that the best thing to do was leave her alone as much as possible.

When his brother came to get him in the spring he would ask him to buy her. Alex would have the patience to teach her how to adjust. Alex seemed to prefer human females to Elven maidens anyway. It would be best for her. Alex was attractive and kindhearted to the slaves in their father’s household. If only all slaves had that sort of advantage then maybe they wouldn't be so bitter. Dax mused to himself at the folly and naiveté’s in such a thought. He knew that could never be. Most elves believed they were superior to humans and slavery was a human’s place in life. No amount of kindness or consideration is given to humans for what they go through when they are captured and enslaved. The only time he had actually been a part of such a capture was when he was forced to go on a raid with Lt. Marious, a particularly nasty tempered officer in the King's army. Marious held the record for the most raids on trespassers in the entire Kingdom.

On that occasion Marious had taken them to a new settlement just on the very edge of Elven territory, which in all respects should have been questionable as to whether they were even on Elven soil or not. All the men were slaughtered; the women and children were taken hostage. Only an old woman too weak to make the trek was left behind. To this day Dax wondered if she had survived out there alone. Her plight shouldn't have been any concern to Dax but it remained in his thoughts for some time. Upon the return to the cabin the others celebrated but Dax became sick to his stomach every time they took one of the women up to the training room to abuse her. Instead Dax decided to go hunting. He returned after a couple of days in the hopes they had left but found them still there. Two of the women had gone mad and killed themselves. He regretted even being a part of it and tried to deny that any of it was his problem, but inside it would haunt him forever.

Suddenly the thought struck him; she could try to kill herself as well from his abuse on her. He ran to the barn to find her. First he checked the horses; all were still in their stalls. He went to the bathing room but she wasn't there either. He sprinted to the side door to check for tracks. When he reached for the handle his keen ears picked up the softest sound. At first it was so soft he wasn't sure what it was so he concentrated to hear it better. The sound of a muffled whimper became clearer but still it was hard for him to figure out where it came from. He moved silently across the barn floor going this way and that to pin point the source. Finally he came to stand almost in the very center of the main isle between the stalls. It didn't take him long to figure out that she had gone to the loft. As quietly as he could he climbed up the slender ladder that lead up to where the hay was stored. He found her there huddled in a blanket with her hands over her face to hold back the torrent of tears she was crying. He wanted to comfort her but thought it would only make things worse. He backed down the ladder and returned to the cabin. Regretfully he went to his room. From out of the closet he pulled a beautiful Elven longbow and the winter gear he used for hunting. He quickly put on the heavier clothes.

Once outside he whistled loudly then watched the forest line intently. It only took a few moments for the large white wolf to bound out of a thicket in a playful mood but to Dax it seemed to take forever. He wished to escape his torment as quickly as possible. He slipped his snowshoes on while Geawa watched patiently. He patted the wolf’s head as he rose then turned and looked at the barn. She stood in the opening where hay was raised from the outside to the loft watching him. He didn't wave or smile at her but simply trotted off to the forest in the distance.

Tears ran down her face as she watched him go. She didn't know if what she had said made any difference but it didn't matter. She didn't have a way to escape at present but time could be her friend if she would only be patient and wait for it to provide the right opportunity. In the mean time she was already determined to make the best of things. She did love to cook so she would spend as much spare time doing that to avoid confrontations. She decided to make stew, fresh bread and a pie for supper. This would take all day. With this goal in mind she climbed back down to the main floor of the barn and began to dig through the packs for some clothes. She found what she could and took them to the laundry room so she could clean them. In the mean time she slipped on a skirt and some soft shoes. His shirt was comfortable so she left it on for now.

All day she worked on her creation to please her self-proclaimed master. She waited until dark to set a place for him at the table but as the time went on there was no sign of him. She became self-conscious and thought maybe he waited just outside the line of light for her to go to bed before returning. A silly thought but possible so she finished cleaning up the mess she made but left a bowl of stew, some bread, and a generous slice of pie on the table for him. She looked around the main floor to see where she could sleep comfortably. The couch was comfortable but left the suggestion she was too available. She looked up the stairs at the room he called the 'training room' and cringed at just the thought of what it was used for. She decided on the cellar. It took most of the evening to clean it but she finished and was definitely ready to use it after she had arranging bedrolls and blankets in one corner. She found some frilly scarves and lacy sashes among the items in the barn that she used to decorate her small cubby. It wasn't a lush hotel room but it had a homey feel to it. The temperature seemed to stay constant down there and it wasn't cold at all. It would do just fine. She smiled to herself as she curled up and within a few moments she was fast asleep.

At dawn he returned dog tired. The deer he had been hunting had given him a good chase but between the wolf and him they had brought it down. As usual he let Geawa have his fill first before taking any for himself. Dax considered it a sign of respect for the wolf's help in tracking down the prey. Respect was something she had mention in her little speech the day before and he pondered over it all the way back. How could he make her respect him? She said it had to be earned not forced. He still wasn't sure what to do about her attitude but he had all winter to work on it. When he entered the cabin he could smell the lingering welcome home meal she had fixed the night before. He found the offering on the table just as she had left it. The aroma made his mouth water but he was almost too tired to eat. If he didn't she may feel insulted and he didn't want to give her any reason to dislike him more than she already did. He set his hunting gear by the door to the barn then took the stew, bread and pie over by the fire so he could finish warming up. Once he started to eat he could feel the suppressed hunger from not having eaten since the morning before.

He glanced around the room but didn’t see any signs of her and nothing seemed out of place. The thought she may have run off crossed his mind again so he decided he should check to see where she was. He popped the last bite of pie in his mouth as he stood to start his search. He knew how she felt about the training room so he was fairly sure she wouldn't be there. He checked the other rooms up stairs then went out to the barn to see if a horse was missing. They were all accounted for. Then he remembered the loft. She wasn't there or in the bathing room. Puzzled he headed back into the cabin to check the training room thinking maybe she would surprise him when he noticed the cellar door open. Since she had been there before when she was missing he considered looking. He crept down the stairs on silent Elven boots and sure enough he found her there in her homemade mattress of bedrolls. She looked like an angel.

He longed to lie with her but knew it was only foolish sentiment and returned up the stairs as quietly as he had come down. He piled the fire high with logs to finish taking the chill off the cabin then went up to his room. He didn't bother to close his door or put on any slumber pants before he climbed into his own bed. It was midday before he awoke to a wonderful smell coming from down stairs. He snuck to the balcony to see what she was up to. She was standing at the table with her back to the stairs mixing something in front of her. He couldn't resist creeping down the stairs and quietly coming up behind her. Suddenly he grabbed her, scaring her half to death. Instinctively she smacked him with a hand covered with flour. Her eyes got big the instant she realized what she had done. The fear of being beaten again gripped her heart like an iron vice.

"I’m so sorry my lord, I didn't realize. Please forgive me, I didn't know," she whined and threw herself on the floor crying. Her body shook so bad it was quite obvious she was terrified. He wondered if she never had a hand laid on her before.

"I know you didn't mean it and I shouldn't have scared you. I’m sorry don't cry," he leaned down and picked her up. He held her close as he kissed her forehead tenderly. Her skin was soft and had a light scent of the floral soap she used to bath with. Gently he moved his kisses down to her cheeks and kissed the tears away. Teonna began to calm from a warm soothing feeling that began to fill her. But her instinct told her this feeling was not her own. Rebelliously she pushed away.

"I have to finish this before the dough spoils," she said blandly knowing it was a lie to avoid his touch.

"What are you making," he asked curious.

"I'm making cinnamon rolls," she replied.

"What is a cinnamon roll," he asked more interested.

"They’re kind of like pastries but not as flaky. You do know what flaky means don't you," she said almost sarcastically.

"Yes I know what pastries and Danishes are but I’ve never heard of cinnamon rolls," he frowned.

"Made right they are delicious," she glanced at him then away quickly as if she knew she had irritated him.

"Can I help," he asked always interested in learning something new. She shrugged her shoulders so he washed his hands and stood next to her at the table. She showed him how to fold the dough again and again to mix the flour in evenly. He was having some trouble getting the concept so she stood in front of him and helped him by putting her hands over his and moved the dough in perfect time with his hands. He could smell her hair and skin from being this close. Without even thinking he began to breathe softly on her neck. Slowly he brushed his lips on the skin of her neck until he could kiss it gently without her moving. His hormones were flaring with lust and if he could get her consent this time she would be able to experience the enjoyment of love making.

The bracelet would help if he could only channel what he felt though the magic connection to the necklace correctly then she would be in sync with him. She seemed to be responsive but he wanted to take his time and not scare her away. Little by little she started to respond to his caresses by rubbing her hands up and down his arms seductively. Then she leaned against him while he run his hands up and down her body and kissed her neck. Smoothly she turned her head into position and kissed him on the lips passionately. Shocked he stepped back looking at her. He had never kissed a female on the lips before. She seamed to be in a trance like state. 

It was said that a kiss on the lips from a female could take the very soul of his heart from him and he would be lost to her control forever. He desired her but he didn't know if he could continue after that. The thought actually scared him even though it was only superstition. She snapped out of the state she was in and looked at him confused. Calmly she turned around and started to fold the dough again. He didn't stand over her again but remained content in just watching her finish the treats she had promised. He helped her roll the dough out into a large patty which she covered first with butter then with sugar, cinnamon and a little nutmeg. She rolled this into a large tube that she then cut into equal slices of about two inches in width using a large knife. These she placed on a flat baking sheet with the sugary spiral facing up and put a dishtowel over it as it set on the stove.

"Are you hungry? I can warm up some of the stew from last night if you wish," she cocked her head sideways at him as she started to wash the table.

"Starved, by the way thank you for leaving that for me last night it was really good. I was hunting until almost dawn so it was light when I finally made it back," he answered while watching her clean.

"I thought it might be something like that. I found your hunting gear by the door to the barn so I hung them on a hook out there. I didn't want to wake you with silly questions. I also made a bed for myself down in the cellar if that is all right. It kind of reminds me of home," she smiled more to herself then to him.

"You lived in a cellar," he scoffed at her playfully.

"Not exactly," she mused. He smiled at her. It was the first time she offered any information about herself. “I lived in the castle; the servants lived in the basement," she chuckled but then froze and stared at her hands with wide eyes. That wonderful smile slipped into a frown. She bit her lip and turned away. This made him very suspicious. He didn't know if she was rich or not but if so then maybe he could ransom her back to her family for more gold that selling her at the market.

"What castle," he leaned forward eager for her explanation.

"It's not important now, is it? I’m a slave and there’s nothing that can change that is there," she played it off as if it was nothing to be concerned about. He could feel through the bracelet she was hiding something and was afraid. He decided it was worth perusing to find out the truth. He took her chin in his hand and looked deep into her eyes. He could see the fear building in them.

"What castle," he asked in an even tone.

"I can't tell you. You wouldn’t understand so it’s best left alone. It isn't important now that I’m a sla-- ," she was cut off by his command.

"What castle! You can't lie to me because the necklace will let me know. Tell me the truth and I promise not to hurt you. I never planned on hurting you before it was just something came over me. Believe me when I say my father would not even conceive it possible. I’m not the ogre you must think I am. I’m sorry for everything I did. Please you have to believe me,” he said exasperated. “Look, if you tell me the truth then I’ll answer any questions you have," he tried to look at her as earnestly as possible.

"I don’t know if you intended to do that to me from the start but how can I trust you now," a tear rolled down her face from frustration. She brushed it away before he could react. He thought for a moment then sighed gently as he led her over to the couch to set. He turned and looked at her more sternly then she had seen him before.

"I told you what my name was but I didn't tell you who I am. I’m the second prince to the Elven kingdom. My home is the Castle El`Domin in the main Elven city of Tempist. I can't explain more unless you tell me who you really are," he looked at her seriously considering his own actions as possibly being foolish. She appeared to be speechless so he cleared his throat as a suggestion she should get on with her explanation. She lowered her eyes but he could feel her mixed emotions through the necklace.

"Alright,” she said hesitantly, “I’m Teonna Dauphlin of the Castle Dauphlin in the city of Tellis. My mentor, Leamox, is the current ruler of The Known Realm and my brother Krislan is his heir. My father was the previous ruler but he and my mother died when I was quite young and Leamox was appointed to rule until the day he saw fit for Krislan to take over. My brother disappeared three years ago so that makes me the only heir left," a tear ran down her face as she looked into his eyes. Her bottom lip quivered with suppressed fear. He had to turn away. The desperation in those beautiful eyes could melt the coldest Elven heart. He knew his place in his kingdom and couldn't be weak at this point.

"Damn why didn't you say something earlier. If anyone else finds out about you they’ll petition for you to be used as ransom or even worse bait. Some would even want to see you executed. My God what am I going to do," he looked back at her and she could feel his concern for her.

"Let me go, that would solve all the problems. Please help me to get home again. I know my mentor Leamox would be very grateful. I would be very grateful," she reached forward and placed her hand on his cheek so she could make him look at her. He could feel the sincerity of her words. This was the first time since she arrived that she reached out to him and touched him of her own free will. His heart thumped hard. He swallowed to control his nervousness.

"You don't understand. I can't betray my-," he started to say.

"I do understand. I’m asking a great deal of you, but please," her eyes begged him while her voice pleaded softly. He could feel her torment and pain. Her longing and despair. He took her hand and gently kissed her palm. Then he hugged her tightly. He kissed the top of her head as his own tears began to flow. Softly he kissed her forehead and then her cheeks. Slowly he kissed her lips not even knowing if he was doing it right.

To his amazement she kissed back. He felt her tongue touch his bottom lip experimentally so he copied her example and reached out to her with his. Their tongues twisted together in a seductive dance driven by instinct and desire. He closed his eyes cherishing this experience he never felt before. Carefully she wiped the tears from his cheeks with gently fingers as they kissed. He took the lead and laid her back on the couch running his hands up and down her body wanting her more than ever. She was responding to his every touch like he had desired but what he hadn't counted on was the feedback from the collar she wore. He suddenly realized it was the collar that was making her do this and not her desire for him. The magical collar and bracelet were enhancing the emotions they were experiencing. He pulled away from her shaking. She looked at him confused. He wanted to kiss her again and again but some part of him stopped him. There was nothing more he desired then to make her feel the ecstasy only he could give her. He glanced at the floor quickly trying to get his composure again.

"I’m sorry about that. I’m at the age when my hormones are at their prime. I’ll try to control it better. It would be best for both of our sakes," he rested his elbows on his knees as he rubbed his face.

"What do you mean for both of our sakes? What could happen if we made love? You already took my virginity and didn't even think twice about it. You’re really beginning to confuse me," she turned and stared into the fire. He couldn't bring himself to even look at her. "It’s because I’m human isn't it? You don't have to pretend I’ve been disappointed before," a tear rolled down her face she didn't even try to conceal.

"No, that isn't it at all," he took her face and wiped her tears with his thumbs. He kissed her deeply for a long time. "I want you more than anything right now but the feelings you’re having aren't yours, they’re mine. It’s the collar transferring my feelings and desires to you through the wrist cuff. I know you really don't want me but you think you do because the collar is fooling you into thinking you do. It seems complicated but it’s very effective with troublesome slaves. Only a few have managed to resist it. I knew what it would do to you but I had no idea I  would get intense feedback from it, which makes it even more arousing for me. I can't deal with the thought of making love to you when you really don't want me," he was exasperated with emotion. He felt like he could explode from repressing his desires

“I guess I understand. I can sense your frustration. Why is the desire so intense if it isn't me," she looked into his eyes intently. Those dark pools drew her closer but she resisted reacting under the circumstances.

"It’s my age I’m afraid. My hormones are requiring that I find a mate. I’ll be this way for at least 200 years. I can’t stop it but I can control myself. You’re feeling my emotions not your own desires. Unless you start to feel that way on your own then I have to believe that it’s the collar. I can't make love to you knowing how you really feel about me. I know I raped you before but it was like it wasn't really me. I was drunk and didn't have any control over my anger. I’m sorry I can't take it back. I would if I could," he held his head in his hands hiding his face. She put her arm over his shoulder to comfort him but he stood up and walked to the kitchen table.

"I think your cinnamon rolls are ready to put in the oven. They’re higher than the pan now," he said dryly without looking at her. He stepped away as she approached the table. She put the rolls in the oven then poured sugar and a small amount of cinnamon into a cup with water. She stirred it slowly as she walked back to the fire and sat in the rocking chair. He took his seat again on the couch. He glanced at her from time to time secretly hoping she would acknowledge him but she stared at the cup she stirred frowning slightly.

"Actually your desire to find a mate isn't all that unfamiliar. Human men go through it from age 17 to about 25 some even longer. So in all actuality you’re sort of around my age I would say," she said absentmindedly as she stirred. "If you can’t help me return to my people then why can't you keep me," she stopped stirring and looked at him. He was a little taken back.

"I'm the youngest and I’m not allowed by law to have children or a wife until after my brother marries. I can have as many mistresses as I want, as long as I’m careful, but no slave concubines," he tried to seem earnest as he spoke even though he felt it sounded like a stupid excuse.

"Well then why won't you help me to go home? It would solve both our problems," she looked at him hopefully.

"If only it was that simple. Our people are at war with each other. For me to return you would be considered treason even if you weren't who you are. I can't betray my people in that way anymore than you would yours. If it were found out that I assisted you in escaping I would be brought up on charges that could weaken my families hold on the throne. The opposition would insist on my execution but my father wouldn't let that happen. He’s the one to make the decision and he wouldn't have me killed. The only other alternative he would have is a lifetime of servitude. They would auction me off to the highest bidder just like any other slave and that would start a completely new rivalry for control.

Aggressive factions would bid against each other in the hopes of buying me for control.  They would use me as a pawn to achieve whatever they wanted from my father whether it is political or personal. That would bring even more humiliation upon my father and brother. I’m not prepared to do that to them. Please understand my position here. It isn't a simple case of my making a decision to free you or not. I’m sorry but ---," he didn't need to finish. From the sadness in her eyes he knew he had said enough. They sat in silent once more for long moments.

"Why doesn't your brother buy you? I assume being the royal family you have the means to buy whatever you need," she asked patiently.

"He can't. According to Elven law members of the same family cannot purchase another family member convicted of a crime and sentenced to slavery. I know you’re smart enough to realize that it’s supposed to be a punishment. What good would it do to have family pay for your mistakes? It wouldn't be fair to the lower classes," he said more snidely then he had intended. He took a seat in front of the fire on the hearth and stirred the fire with the brass poker. She didn't look at him as she picked up a sock to darn from the pile that lay next to the rocking chair she sat in. He could smell the cinnamon rolls and it made his mouth water with anticipation.

"How much longer on those rolls," he asked more out of conversation then curiosity. Casually she walked into the kitchen and checked on them.

"Not much longer about ten minutes or so. Then I can add the syrup so they will stay soft and gooey," she sat back down in the rocking chair and picked up the same sock she had been darning. He wrinkled his nose thinking of gooey dough. She giggled and smiled which seemed to lift the mood a bit. He smiled back at her then continued to stir the coals in the fireplace.

"How old are you," she asked as she worked.

"Seventy-five full seasons," he replied.

"What’s a full season? How long is it exactly? A year, a month; I mean what represents a season," she leaned forward so she wouldn’t miss anything he said.

"A season is what we are in now. I believe your people call it winter. There are four seasons of change that span the Cycle. The one you call spring is the first and winter, which is now, is the end. I guess a way to look at it is spring comes making things new and fresh. They age through summer and fall then die in winter. That is a full season so since I was born during the fall season, this last fall made me seventy-five full seasons old. Do you understand," he smiled at his explanation thinking it very clever.

"Yes I think so. What you call a Cycle or a full season is a year to us. Spring, summer, fall and winter are all correct too but even though spring brings the beginning of new life for a year it isn't when we consider the New Year to begin. Instead it is during the middle of winter. Do your people count the days into months or just as seasons," she was very intrigued by the conversation.

"Yes in a way but not in months as your people do. Such a breakdown of days isn't necessary for us. We simply count the days of each season. Spring, fall and winter have ninety-one days and summer has ninety-two. Every four years there is one more day to the cycle of the sun so that day is added on the end of winter giving it 92 days for that year making it three hundred and sixty-six days long," he was excited that she was so interested in learning about the Elven way of life. This was a good sign that she was accepting her new life.

"We call that leap year and it’s at the end of Felbury, the second month of the year," she smiled more to herself then to him remembering some of the fun she and Lissa had over the years they’ve known each other. She began to wonder once again as to what her future would bring for her when her thoughts were interrupted by his question.

"Alright then how many 'years' are you," his smile was so much like Jacks' she was finding it hard to feel bad anymore. She tilted her head and smiled back at him shyly.

"Seventeen full seasons as you would put it. My eighteenth birthday is in the spring. Looks like I’ll miss it this year," her smile faded as she fought hard not to cry. She struggled to think of something else.

"Don't say that. You can't stop the passing of your birthday. It’ll always come no matter where you are. Besides, my brother and I will be there to celebrate it with you. I’ll arrange for him to buy you from me and then after he gets married I’ll buy you back. No one will ever know about you because I won't even tell him. It’ll work out just fine," he bit his lip slightly as he leaned down so he could look into her eyes. To his dismay a tear fell slowly down her cheek that she wiped away quickly.

"I don't see how that will benefit me at all. I’ll still be a slave and instead of just you using me for sex so will your brother," she proclaimed sullenly. She knew the full impact of her situation and still found it hard to accept.

"If I ask him not to take you he won't. He’s very honorable and can be trusted with the deepest darkest secret. Once he gives his word even torture won't change his promise. Once I broke a very expensive vase of my uncle's. I begged Alex not to tell and he swore he wouldn't. My uncle beat the hell out of him to find out who had done it but Alex kept insisting he did. My uncle knew Alex wasn't even there at the time but Alex insisted he deserved the beating. I’ve never been able to forget that and to this day he hasn’t told anyone," Dax leaned forward and looked at her as earnestly as he could. She finally smiled slightly.

"Well your secret is safe with me too. I have to add the syrup to the cinnamon rolls now," she stood and walked slowly to the kitchen. Drone like she poured the syrup she made from the cup on the rolls and placed them back in the oven then returned to her seat. She picked up the same pile of sewing to begin again.

Dax only looked at her. He was lost for words to make her feel better. He knew it had only been a few minutes before he began to smell the heavy cinnamon scent of the syrup she added but it felt like time had slowed suddenly. Finally she stood again and went in the kitchen. This time she placed a cloth on the table before taking the rolls out of the oven. He walked over as she flipped the pan up so the rolls would fall out on the cloth. His mouth watered at the smell and sight of the sugary goop that ran down them.

"Let them cool for a bit or the hot sugar will burn your tongue," she promptly turned around and washed the pan while it was still hot. The aroma was so enticing he almost couldn't wait. He stood over them like a child waiting for her to turn her back so he could snatch one. To his surprise she calmly took his hand and led him back to the couch. She seated him then set next to him by the arm of the couch.

"Play your guitar for me," she smiled sweetly. He looked at her dumbfounded. "Please?" Again she smiled so sweetly he was enticed to grab her instead of the rolls. He felt a bit embarrassed.

"I'm not that good really. I haven't been playing very long. I suppose there are a couple of songs I know well enough to play and not sound too bad," he said shyly.

"It will be fine. I wouldn't know if you made a mistake anyway. I haven't heard any Elven music as far as I know. I’ll get it for you," she started to get up but he pulled her gently back down to her seat. He shook his head then darted up the stairs. He returned just as quickly with the instrument in hand. Carefully he tuned it first then strummed it slowly. He began to sing a song in Elven that was the most beautiful song she ever heard. She seemed to understand the meaning of the words even though she didn't know what they said. Her heart was over flowing with love. She looked at him and saw a change in his aura. It too showed the color of love. She began to feel a strong desire toward him so she fought to control her emotions. The last thing she wanted was for him to misinterpret her appreciation of the music. When he had finished she clapped gratefully.

"That was beautiful. Thank for playing it," she set her hands in her lap still trying to keep her emotions under check.

"You’re welcome and thank you for saying so; I don't know who the author is but it is one of my favorites. I’m still not sure which I like more the words or the melody," he smiled then leaned forward and kissed her gently on the cheek.

"What was that for," she blushed.

"I know I’m not that good and it’s kind of you to say it was good. I’m going to keep working on it until I’m one of the best. Would you like to know what the words are in your language? At times there are no words in your language to match Elven but I will do my best," he asked enthusiastically. She nodded then set patiently as he stumbled through each verse until he reached the end of a long song of war and a broken heart. They sat in silence for a moment then he pointed at the table.

"Can we have some of those yet," he felt silly asking like a child but the aroma was making his stomach growl. She nodded and he darted to the table excited as a child. She smiled holding back a laugh as she placed one on a plate for him. She watched his reaction before taking a bite herself. Dax closed his eyes as he savored the flavor.

"These are great. I can't believe elves don't make these. I’m truly blessed," he laughed and ate three more before stopping. They sat by the fire and talked late into the night before finally going their separate ways to bed. Dax didn't really want to let her go but knew that humans didn't have the energy of elves and he fully intended to keep his promise to her and not force her into making love with him until she wanted to.

*****************

Another week passed before she realized it. The time they spent had mostly been just like normal life. They talked each night about each other’s life experiences and their people's ways. She was becoming very close to him but still held back. Every time she thought about making a move toward him she remembered the fear and pain of the first time even though it was masked by the pleasurable feeling after the initial pain subsided. She would try every day to talk him into taking her back but he would refuse each time. She felt surely he would become tired of her continual nagging and do one of two things. Beat her again or take her back. The thought of being beaten wasn't pleasant but she still had to try and she knew he wouldn't beat her as badly as the last time.

A day came when he told her he had to leave in the morning to make his rounds one more time before winter set in for the rest of the season. He asked her if she would consider accompanying him but she explained that she wanted to get some things done around the cabin to prepare for the long winter. The next morning she came up from the cellar to start his breakfast and found he was already up. His pack was filled and setting by the door with his hunting bow and winter gear. Plans for an escape began to form in her mind as she started his breakfast. It was almost like he had read her mind for he approached silently from behind. Then she heard a click and felt the weight of something hanging from the collar on her neck. She turned around and saw the chain he was attaching to a hoop bolted to the wall by the door leading out to the barn. It wasn't heavy even though it looked really long. She stared at him in disbelief. He could see the disappointment in her eyes as they pleaded for him not to do this. He smiled and walked over to her. He held her close as he explained.

"I know this seems cruel but it’s for your own good so you don't try and do something stupid. I have to take Geawa with me so he won't be here to watch over you for me. The chain is long enough for you to be able to reach the horses to feed them or the bathhouse. It’s a very durable metal but very light and nearly impossible to break or saw so you don't need to try to do that. I’ll return on the third night so expect me for dinner. If not you’ll have to fend for yourself the rest of the winter and when my brother comes just explain things to him. I’ve already left a will for him giving him ownership of you if I die suddenly. Seems premature but out here you never know what will happen and before I acquired you and the horses I didn't have any real material wealth to speak of. You take care of yourself and I’ll think of you in this nice warm cabin on those two cold nights." Again he kissed her on the forehead then turned to put his winter gear on.

Even considering his words it didn't stop her mind from concocting a plan of escape. The lock on the chain would be a problem. But she watched him patiently without a word as he readied himself for his trip and even stood at the door to wave good-bye until he was out of sight. She went quickly to the barn and found he had moved all saws and axes out of reach. All the knives available were too big to use in the lock. Frustrated she sat on the couch to think. She mulled over what to do about her predicament for most of the day. She knew well that this would probably be the only chance she would have. Nothing came to mind as the hours drifted into night. She slept on the couch and hoped the next day would bring better results.

By noon she had given up on the idea of ever escaping. She plopped herself down in the rocking chair. Absentmindedly she picked up a shirt to be fixed. The sound of the sewing needle was like a chime of freedom to her ears when it hit the stones of the hearth. She instantly got the idea to use it to unlock the chains. She couldn't see the lock but could feel the many tumblers as the needle moved over them. She listened intently trying to discern which ones would open the lock. Finally she hit upon a place where the needle wouldn't budge. She forced it as hard as she could and thought for sure the thin needle would bend before the lock would open. Suddenly with an audible click the lock fell to the floor and she was free. She didn’t wasted time and dropped the needle where she stood. Frantically she gathered things she would need. She picked out two horses that looked to be the sturdiest; one to ride the other as a pack animal. She knew she would need enough food for at least three weeks, warm blankets and plenty of dry kindling for fires and small chopped logs in case there wasn't any dry wood to be found.

Last but not least she searched quickly through the things that had been stolen when she was abducted. Her heart sank when she discovered the trunk that contained of her kingdom's most precious artifacts was not there. Even the books were gone. Feeling defeated, she realized she didn't have any more time to waste. She climbed into the saddle and trotted the horses out of the barn. She looked at the position of the sun and frowned knowing it was late afternoon but that wouldn’t stop her. Saddened, she said a quiet good bye to Dax before turning her horse in an easterly direction. A part of her would always remember him; not as a monster but as someone she had become very fond of. With slight regret and an aching heart she spurred the horse to head toward the forest line. She was sure she would find her way home staying that course. She looked again at the cabin and felt a knot form in her stomach knowing this was the most dangerous thing she had ever done in her life. But she also believed that she had to try. She wished Dax was with her. It felt wrong leaving him like this but she couldn’t wait any longer. Hastily she kicked the horses into a run toward the woods wanting to put as much distance between her and the cabin as possible before it became too dark for her to see.

##### 
About the Author
Karen Ward loved the written word from the time she learned to read. She became a single mother in her late teens and spent most of  her young adult life working to support her son until she met her husband, Tim. A year later they embarked together into marriage and through the following years had two more children. During her single parent life and after marriage she continued to spin her tales from her imagination and apply them to paper. Karen welcomes you to take a look into the secret world of Draymera as well as other stories she has held close to her heart. Feel free to  e-mail her or follow her on Facebook.
Other books by this author

Please visit your favorite ebook retailer to discover other books by Karen J. Ward.

Tales of Draymera Series
Eldomin Book One
More books to the series will be announced in the future. Keep watching.

Upcoming Titles not in a series:
The Nerd (Soon to be released)

Connect with K. J. (Karen J.) Ward

I really appreciate you reading my book!  Here are my social media coordinates:

Friend me on Facebook:  https://www.facebook.com/profile.KJ-Ward
Favorite my Smashwords author page:  https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/kjward
To publish your own books visit:  https:/www.smashwords.com 
Send me an email: kj.wrd77@gmail.com or kjwd77@hotmail.com 

