Ember Rising Light (Book One)

The epic debut novel in
It Begins…the Series

By author:

C. K. Mullinax


Thank you for downloading this free eBook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.


Copyright © 2011 C.K. Mullinax
Smashwords Edition
The debut novel of
It Begins…the Series
Discover other thrilling titles by author C.K. Mullinax at
doublefated.com



For my mother-in-law, Gail
Thank you for your example of how to be a strong, independent female
Your adventurous life and fearless steps help me to live life, unafraid
Your unbelievable courage lights the path and blazes the trail
You truly are an amazing woman



For my father-in-law, Eddy
Thank you for teaching your son everything he knows about valor, strength, wisdom, supportiveness & humor
He knows how to love his wife through your example
I owe you a tremendous amount



Part 1


“There’s no way to prepare…for something…like this…”



Chapter One

It turns out Miss Agatha might have been right…
She was a self-proclaimed palm reader and the carnival’s only fortune teller.  She wore the same costume that people expect to see.  Her dress had fake jewels hanging from it.  She had a big red scarf wrapped around her head.  The hundred gold bracelets she wore on her wrists clinked together when she walked.  Normally, I could hear her coming from a mile away.  But that night, she didn’t make a single sound.  So I wasn’t ready when she grabbed me and read my future – just by looking at my hand.
Thinking back now on that spooky night, I have realized something – her haunted and mysterious whispers proved that my dad wasn’t always right.  Life is not always one big ‘con’ where everything is sleight of hand and misdirection.  Sometimes life gives a person a chance to see a little piece of their future.  Sometimes life reveals a minute or two of the grand mystery – whether we are ready for it or not.
I was about six when this bizarre encounter happened.  The gypsy fortune teller looked like she was a hundred years old.  Her face was “seasoned with character lines.”  This was something my Grandma Edie informed me of later that same night when I was telling her about old, wrinkly Miss Agatha and what happened.
My family traveled around with the carnival during the warmer months of the year.  The carnival was known to me as the hunting grounds because our family business involved ‘con jobs’ of various sorts.  Hunting marks is how my gypsy family earned a living.
The hunting grounds became my personal playground once the lights were off, the marks were gone and the rides were closed.  We would follow a hunting ground until we either got ‘made’ by someone in authority or the season ended, whichever happened first.  If our family business was discovered, we would pack up and find another place to hunt.  It was that simple.
Occasionally, we would stumble across another family in the same business.  The dads, A.K.A Doms, would either strike a deal where the families would work together or one would move on.  That’s the gypsy code of honor.
We had followed that particular hunting ground for over two months without being detected.  I knew who Miss Agatha was; in fact, I knew everyone that worked at that carnival.  In my world, fortune tellers were part of the norm.  The only thing I had on my mind that night was getting to Mr. Mites’ tent to hear his tale of adventure.  I was running fast between the Zipper and Enterprise rides through the carnival’s midway.  It was well after midnight; all the rides were closed and no carnies were in sight.
Out of the dark, Ms. Agatha suddenly grabbed me.  I started to wiggle, trying to escape.  My inner voice was telling me to be still and pay attention, but my body screamed run away.  She didn’t ease up on her death-grip no matter how hard I struggled.  I didn’t understand then, how important it would be to shut up and listen.
My inner voice is always right…
I yelled, “Let me go!”  My struggles continued as my frustration grew.  I was being held against my will, and I didn’t like it at all.
I looked up at her face while I tried to work my arm free.  Even in broad daylight, she was a creepy old lady.  The spooky moonlight wasn’t helping anything, either.  I wasn’t scared of her.  I was just mad because she wouldn’t let go.
She turned my hand over to inspect my palm.  The fortune teller was going to read my future – whether I wanted her to or not.
Whispering, she told me, “You run without a care and for now, in this fleeting moment, you are free.  Yet, soon the days will come when you will see the darkest side of the sun.  You and your sister are marked by the divine.  You each have been chosen – not entirely of this world, yet not wholly of the others…”
She stopped talking for a few seconds, taking a closer look.  Then, it was like she saw something scarier.  She yanked me closer, but her voice got louder.
“Listen to my words, child!  Your footprints must lead Ember’s path.  The steps you will take are heavy and filled with many challenges.  All things rest upon your shoulders, so you must always choose wisely.  Mistakes will be costly…”
She would have continued with her crazy speech, but I finally managed to break free.  I ran away and hid in the shadows of a tent.  Trying to catch my breath, I thought about her words.  But, I couldn’t figure them out.
My dad told me that I should listen and remember everything someone says.  He always suspected we might need it later for a con job.  He drilled that lesson into my head.  So I memorized Miss Agatha’s words.
At the time, I thought I did it out of habit.  Now, I am starting to think I stored her mysterious words for another reason…
The coast was clear when I crawled out of the shadows.  Her words would be stuck in my memory forever.  So, my mind rapidly switched gears to something more interesting – treasure!
Mr. Mites, better known as The Mountain, would be waiting for me.  He was an adventurer who had valiantly fought his way through the jungles of Africa in search of oddities and riches.  His show was called Wonders from the Dark Continent.  After the carnival closed, he would open his tent up to the “children of the shadows” – his nickname for all the carnie kids.
He would tell us different stories about his many adventures.  Then, he would always pull out the actual treasure to prove his story was real.  He and my parents were friends.  So, sometimes he would stop by our campsite to visit them.  I loved it when that happened because he would tell me an extra story.
I rushed into his tent that night and barely made it in time.  The Mountain told us how he fought off two alligators while he was exploring an island marsh.  The other five kids left after they looked at the proof – an alligator’s tooth from one and a claw he took from the other.  I stayed behind to ask him some questions…about the island, the alligators, the marsh and anything else I could think of.
The Mountain was the only adult in my world that I could question – well, besides my Grandma Edie.  My dad didn’t believe in free speech where kids were concerned.  I had been smacked enough times to know I shouldn’t ask him anything.  My jobs were to listen, act, and obey – no questions were allowed.
I could feel the excitement, when the Mountain motioned for me to come up on stage.  He opened his treasure chest again and I looked inside.  I watched as he pulled out a rare purple jewel and handed it to me.  He told me how it was hidden by pirates and let me see the treasure map he used to find it.
The sun was rising when we finally left his tent.  The Mountain walked with me back to my campsite.  He was still talking to my parents when my Grandma Edie called me inside.  My baby sister, Ember was already asleep.
I tried my best to keep my voice down.  That’s easy to think about, but hard to do…
While I got ready for bed, I excitedly told my grandma about creepy Miss Agatha and my night of treasure maps and pirating adventures.  My dad had been standing outside listening to my tales.  He opened the camper door and sternly, reminded me that I shouldn’t be ‘taken in’ by anyone’s con job.  That was not unusual advice, especially from him.
My grandma later whispered that she loved me and winked as she told me…pirates are real.
I fell asleep and didn’t think about Miss Agatha’s words again – well, until now…seven years later.  They came flooding back to me and I remembered them just like she had said them yesterday.
Yesterday was when the world went crazy…
I suppose if I had understood Miss Agatha’s words that night I might have been able to see this coming.  Instead, I was running on the ‘gypsy fly’ – escaping from something huge with no real plan, hoping for the best.  After all, I am still just a teenager.  I sighed and tried to make myself feel a little better by saying, “you can do this” over and over in my head.
So, this is what the darkest side of the sun looks like...
No matter what I think or how hard I try to encourage myself, the facts are still the same.  I have no idea what I’m doing…or even how to do ‘it’, if I do eventually figure ‘it’ out.  I doubt any other thirteen-year-old gypsy boy would choose this particular path.  And, I knew for sure no other non-gypsy teenage male would select it either.
Most guys my age are into sports (playing or watching), sneaking peeks at half naked girls or trying like a fool to impress some hottie.  Guys my age don’t pay much attention to anything beyond their desires.  Well, I have never been what one might call a typical teenage boy.  This fact becomes more evident with every passing minute that I sit here on the hard-wood floor…
My life has never been ‘stable’…even before my Grandma Edie died all those years ago.  I’m not sure there is even such a thing as a stable life.  When I told my last guidance counselor this fun and interesting factoid, she got this strange look on her face.  It was a cross between horror and anxiety.  It is very easy to read adult facial expressions, unless they know how to con.  I could almost hear Ms. Flagstaff’s thoughts, too.  She was thinking “How on earth did he figure that out at his age?”
She smiled and jotted down another long note into my student profile.  My guidance counselor had been an everyday fixture for the last few weeks.  I had no clue what she wrote in my chart, but it wouldn’t matter much either way.  I never attend any school longer than five weeks and my records never follow me anywhere.
We were constantly moving around the country during the carnival’s off-season.  My dad would work on various con jobs and so, we lived in a bunch of different rental houses.  That meant occasionally, I would go to school (A.K.A. Tray’s babysitter).
Public school was used as a distraction – just to get me out of my dad’s hair.  The only important schooling I needed, he had already taught me.  Mainly, my dad “home schooled” me and I use that term very loosely.  Most children are taught to say “da-da” and “ma-ma”.  My first life lesson was how to cry on demand to create a diversion.  When most children are learning to walk, my father demanded I learn how to run lightly and pick-pocket a wallet.  He skipped all those steps in-between.  By the time I was three, he had even taught me how to steal a watch off of someone’s arm.  It turns out that small children make great thieves and are easily taught.
My dad ‘schooled’ me in many things, but reading, math and science weren’t among his instructions.  Most of my father’s lessons are etched in my mind…seared into my brain, forever…whether I wanted them there or not.
I was well into my dad’s schooling by the time I was eight.  That is how old my sister, Ember is right now.  I sure hope all his schooling will help me figure out a plan of some kind…
There is a price to pay for every decision.  Unfortunately, most people don’t understand this little chunk of wisdom until they find themselves in the middle of some chaos brought on by their own actions.  Stupid deeds are rarely worth the hefty price tag.  But usually, by the time they figure that out, the wheel of fate has already been spun…the devil gets his big pay day…
I knew I would never regret my decision to run away with my baby sister.  However, I was jaded enough – even at thirteen – to realize someday, I will surely have to pay the devil for choosing to take off with her.
Well technically, protecting Ember isn’t a choice that I made – it’s something I have to do.  Our relationship is nothing like typical siblings and it never has been.  For one thing, she has me wrapped around her pinky – scary but true.  And two, from the minute she was placed in my arms, I was her protector.
I am a teenager, but I am the closest thing to a parent Ember has.  This is especially true since my grandma passed away.  My mom and dad were never into parenting, unless it was part of a con job they were running.  Otherwise, all the parenting (both mine and Ember’s) was left up to me.
So, I am the one that takes care of Ember and that will never change.  I actually wouldn’t want it any other way.  The first word she ever spoke was “Tay” and she repeated it until she learned how to pronounce it the right way – less than twenty four hours after she started.
Most gypsies are extremely loyal to their family and are especially protective of their girls.  They normally live together as a band.  Well, this is what I’ve seen with other families we’ve come across.  My parents were the exception to that particular gypsy rule.
Beyond my Grandma Edie, I never met any other family member.  I don’t even know if we have any.
My parents were devoted to money, conning and various other things.  Gypsy family loyalty wasn’t something they believed in.
Unlike my mom and dad, I am every bit a gypsy.  Ember is my only family.  My loyalty to her is – what most outsiders would consider – obsessive.  To other gypsies, my compulsive protection of Ember is expected.  True gypsies live by a different set of codes when it comes to family.
I always knew I needed to get her away from our parents and out of that situation.  I didn’t want her to endure the abuse I have lived through.  Eventually, the beatings would have turned in her direction.  It was only a matter of time.
Since the day my grandma died, I had been looking for a chance to escape with Ember.  Without Grandma Edie to stop my parents, my little sister wasn’t safe from them.
I have always been big for my age.  In fact, most people assume I’m in my early twenties.  By the time I turned eleven, I was as tall as my dad.  That didn’t stop him from teaching me painful lessons.  I could handle his beatings and violent outbursts without too many problems.  But, Ember is very tiny and fragile.  One good smack from my dad and he could kill her without any real effort.  So, I had spent lots of time trying to please him and keep his focus off of my little sister.
The opportunity to escape happened without giving me any warning.  I didn’t have any plan together.  It just came down to simple survival.
Everything in my life is now about basic instinct.  It sleeps quietly until necessity wakes it up with a vengeance…
I didn’t know where we were going or where we would wind up.  For better or worse, I grabbed the money, my little sister and we ran!
So, here I am sitting on the cold, hard floor in an abandoned farmhouse, out in the middle of nowhere USA.  Ember is curled up in the fetal position with my jacket carefully tucked around her.  I have no clue where our parents might be and I don’t really care, either.
As to what happened back at the house on Big Whiskey Lane…well, that’s anyone’s guess at this point.
I had this strange eerie sense of impending doom when I came home from school, yesterday.  The dark thoughts had raced through my mind and made me shiver.  It’s the creepy feeling of knowing the danger is there, but not knowing where it might be hiding.
The day had started out like any other.  Maybe, that’s what made the events of that afternoon so unbelievable and outrageous.  I certainly wasn’t prepared for what I saw when I walked through the kitchen door…
There’s really no way to prepare…for something…like this…

Chapter Two

I sensed it the second I stepped off the bus, that horrible feeling of dread.  Our house looked normal from the outside – well, as normal as the day we moved in.  The paint was virtually nonexistent.  The concrete steps were cracked and the carport was caved in on one side.  The heavy, ragged plastic that had been taped up to ‘fix’ the broken window was blowing around like a battered flag.  The house was definitely a dump.  The outside didn’t even give a hint about what the real problem was, but I knew something was wrong.
The bus was gone by the time I looked around the neighborhood.  I saw and heard absolutely nothing.  My blood turned to ice and I was chilled to the bone.  The world had apparently stopped spinning.  I didn’t hear a dog barking, no children were playing and no breeze was blowing.  There was just…nothing.  It felt like a terrible storm was building – calm and eerily quiet.
Then, I was filled with a sense of alarm when I suddenly turned into a statue in my driveway!  I was frozen, right along with the rest of the world.  I tried to force my fingers to move, but they refused.  I was stuck in a time warp…
My vision seemed to get foggy and the world narrowed into a hazy tunnel.  I would have been intrigued by the mystery of what was happening to me, but I was terrified.  I had never been stuck in suspended animation.
My thoughts clouded over with darkness as an inky black fog started to surround me.  It felt like I was being hypnotized – lulled into some type of weird, twisted dream.  Near the edge of the fog bank I saw, animals…no…a ‘dark being’ of some kind was forming.  It reminded me of a haunted, wicked entity like I had seen in a horror movie.
I would have shouted, but my voice was as useless as the rest of my body.
The dark entity grew into one tremendous being.  It had four different heads and what looked like the body of a dragon.  I watched in freaky awe as the talons formed into sharp, black razors.  The gimonsterous entity sprouted wings and took flight.  It was hovering at least twenty feet over our roof.  I could tell that the dark entity was getting ready to strike, but I didn’t see anything for it to attack.  Since I was stuck in one place, I couldn’t scope out the area.
The silence became deadly…
Then, I saw another ‘entity’ start to take shape…a light…an image.  It appeared from out of nowhere, just like the dark entity.  My eyes struggled to focus on the newly forming image.  The dark entity headed toward the ground like a rocket and attacked its growing enemy.
The epic battle was being fought in front of my eyes.  A few seconds later I finally figured out what the dark entity was fighting – a being of light.  The blazing light entity was definitely winning the war.  It was slashing the dark entity to ribbons.  The dark creature was desperately trying to defeat the blinding light, but it was getting blocked at each turn.  Every time the dark entity would do something to get the upper-hand, the light entity would stop it.
There I stood, still as a fixture – Traywick Shane Pateman, the great human statue…
I watched in helpless fascination while I was being blinded by the light entity.  I saw a zillion sunbursts as the light assaulted my eyes.  The dark entity bellowed in rage.  The noise thundered around inside my head.  Warm blood trickled down my neck from my busted eardrums.
The dark entity had been torn to shreds by the light.  The remaining pieces were hopelessly attempting to reassemble into some type of a fighting form.  The shreds of darkness whipped and swirled together into a frenzied storm.  The wind howled in response and its outrageous wail climbed to a high-pitched, endless shriek.
I was still stuck to the ground when all-the-sudden something seemed to snap loose inside my body.  I thought it might be an internal organ being torn in half.  Then, the unknown piece of me, ripped away from my body!  The missing part of me streaked toward the house and sailed through the wall.  It must have landed somewhere inside…
Terrified, I tried to decide if my brain had just fractured – that just had to be a mind trick, right???  I couldn’t check my head for damage, since I still couldn’t move.  So, I performed a quick mental inventory.
I’m still breathing…that has to be a good sign…
My mental inventory started and ended there, because I thought of something important.
Ember…
My body was still frozen, but my mind was screaming my sister’s name.  Although I still didn’t know what was going on outside, I knew there was danger lurking through the doorway of our house.  My sister is inside with the nameless monster!  She is not allowed to go anywhere…ever.  I’ve got to get to Ember!
I urgently tried to force my feet to move, but they refused to cooperate.
The remaining shreds of the dark creature made one last attempt to fight.  A brilliant beam drew the battle skyward.  The evil howls doubled in intensity as the light entity consumed the darkness.
For one flicker of a second, the sky lit up like it had been hit with a nuclear bomb.  Every color of the rainbow bathed the landscape.  The colors burned my eyes, because I couldn’t look away.
The sky returned to a normal shade of blue and the earth righted itself, again.  Well, almost everything around me returned to normal.  My shrieking brain and frozen body remained…
“Ember…” I eventually managed to force her name from my lips and my invisible chains released me.
I ran like a wild person toward the kitchen door.  I couldn’t think about the dark creature that had just been destroyed or the blinding light being that killed it.  My own injuries or what might be behind that door just waiting to attack me would be forgotten too.  I was focused, running on blind instinct.
The door knob vibrated with a strange energy.  I reflexively yanked my hand away from it and pulled my shirt sleeve over my hand.  Getting fried or zapped with electricity won’t help me get to Ember.  The metal seemed to be surrounded with a bizarre, unearthly power.  I could still feel it vibrate, even through the fabric.  Panic gripped me as I prepared to enter.
Wait…Ember might be in the kitchen.  And, if I come barreling through the door, I will scare her.  Terrified for her safety, I really want to rush inside and yell her name like a lunatic.  But, I somehow managed to fight the impulse and walk in, quietly.
What I found behind that door would haunt me for the rest of my life.  The scene I was looking at was something out of a nightmare.  It was impossible…it couldn’t be happening…but it was…
Every item, not physically attached to something, was scattered across the kitchen floor or suspended from the ceiling.  All the pots and dishes had been destroyed.  Plastic cups were shattered like they had been made of crystal.  Green slime was splattered across the walls.  The room was filled with thick, smelly smoke.  I was coughing from the stench.
The microwave and the toaster were on the floor, going haywire.  Sparks were flying.  Their buzzing sounded like a maddening electrical symphony – although neither one is plugged into an electrical outlet!  I must be losing my mind…
I was astounded by the loony scene.  Then, I saw something horrifying.  Knives and silverware were buried to their hilts in the doorways and the walls.  My thoughts were racing while I tried to make sense of what I was looking at.  But, there is no way to explain what I am definitely seeing.
Toasters can’t make sparks without electricity.  The appliances didn’t get that memo…
Forcing my feet to move, I waved at the smoke to clear a path.  That didn’t help much.  So, I crawled around and searched for Ember.
The smoke was still blinding, even at ground-level.  The house was creaking like it was getting ready to collapse.  I wasn’t worried about my safety.  My only concern was for my baby sister.  Terror gripped me when I saw streaks of blood and what might be pieces of flesh on the splintered dining room chairs.
“Ember…Ember…” I managed to choke out her name.
She didn’t make a peep, but the house would do the talking for her.  It stopped creaking and started moaning.  The floor’s gonna cave in…
Crawling faster, I rushed into the living room.  That’s where I finally found her.  Ember’s small body was crouched in the far corner.  Her unblinking eyes were open, but they were hollow.  It looks like my sister has been robbed of her soul…
‘Terror’ doesn’t even come close to describing how I was feeling.  Ember looks empty…she’s gone.
Scared that I might start shouting like a lunatic, I shoved those thoughts out of my mind.  I need to get to my sister and see if she’s okay.  My instincts told me to approach her with tremendous care.  So I slowly and anxiously crawled in her direction – is she even breathing????
Sighing in relief, I finally saw her shiver.  Ember will most likely be damaged from whatever just happened.  But, at least she’s still alive…
“Hey Little Girl,” I stated softly, reaching out to her.
Her eyes were still empty and haunted.  She didn’t speak or reach out to be held.  Terror grabbed me, again and I fought against my normal reaction.
“Come on, we’ve gotta go.  It’s not safe in this house, anymore.”
It was a miracle, but I somehow sounded cool and calm.  The overwhelming desire to shout in the middle of that chaos was crushing.
Ember still didn’t respond.  So, I inched closer, watching her for any further signs of life.  The madness started to rise up in my throat.  I had to resist the urge to let that sound escape.  It probably would have frightened me, more than her.
“It’s okay…everything’s fine… we need to leave, now…it’s gonna be alright, I promise,” I whispered soothingly.
My words weren’t helping either one of us.  Ember always reaches for me or acknowledges my presence in some way – but, not this time.  She was looking right through me.  I tried to think of something I could do to make her come back from her dark hiding place.
I need to find her soul somehow, but I don’t know where to start looking…
After another few minutes of terrible silence, Ember gradually lifted her arm and pointed to the other side of the room.  She wanted me to turn around.  I had no clue what kind of nightmare lurked behind me!  And would that nightmare become real and rip us both to shreds, if I look at it…
All I wanted to do right then, was grab her and run away fast.  But, that’s not what she wanted.  I have never been able to deny her anything she’s ever requested.  And, I wasn’t going to start then.  So I held her tiny hand and surrendered to her wishes.  Turning around cautiously, I looked to see what she was pointing at.
Gasping in shock and disbelief, my mind tried to wrap itself around, yet another impossibility.  A big pile of cash was on fire in the corner!  From what I could see, the bills were 50’s and 100’s.  It would have been a fortune…
The money was going up in flames by the time my brain caught up with my eyes.  The fire matched all the other loony things in the house.  It was burning with purple, pink and light blue flames.  The rising smoke was gold instead of the normal gray.  I couldn’t seem to react and try to put it out either.
“Can a multi-colored fire even be extinguished??” I whispered in surprise.
Then, something insane happened and my question got answered.  The unreal fire started to die down even though nothing was there to put it out.  Suddenly, the flames just vanished and the shimmery gold smoke disappeared too.  I rubbed my eyes to make sure I wasn’t dreaming, but this was real.
I was staring at a gimonsterous pile of unharmed cash.

Chapter Three

I managed to shift my body a little bit, but it didn’t help much.  I had been in this same awkward position for hours.  I didn’t want to risk waking Ember up.  So, I would just have to stay put and suffer.  We had been walking for nearly thirty hours, stopping only for food and bathroom breaks.  Otherwise, we had kept moving.
Even after I found this abandoned farmhouse, Ember had still stayed awake for a long time.  She stared at nothing in particular and didn’t make a sound.  Eventually, she rolled over on her back to look at my face.  That was the first sign of awareness she had given to me since being on the run.  I somehow, managed to keep my expression “gypsy neutral” when she started tracing the outlines of my face.  Although I didn’t show it, I was really excited.  Maybe, she will come back to me, at some point.
We would carefully study each other’s eyes and faces for countless hours – like we’re trying to remember every detail.  We have performed this same ritual her whole life.  Even as a newborn, Ember would stare at my face and into my eyes every chance I gave her.  I don’t know what we expect to find, but tracing our facial features repeatedly, seems to make us feel better.
Tonight, her wide blue eyes seemed to be offering me…a deep, dark secret.  She’s trying to tell me something.  I searched her eyes and tried to figure it out.  I believe that Ember can look ‘beyond’ what other people see…
I thought I might have seen a flicker of her spirit fighting to come back to me.  That guess would be proven right.
Eventually, she placed her hand over my heart.  This is something else she’s done her entire life too.  It makes her feel safe.  She went to sleep a few minutes later.
In the stillness, my thoughts turned to our parents.  I wondered if they were in the house or what happened to them.  Maybe, they were struck by some flying object?  Or shocked and torched to ashes by the toaster.  After all, I’m fairly sure that I saw exploded flesh…
Those dark thoughts made me smile.  If they did somehow survive what happened on Big Whiskey Lane, I hope they never come looking for us.  My mom and dad are now a thing of the past.  Wow, I never thought that would happen!
Next, my mind carried on to the future and our seemingly endless options.  The silence was making me crazy and I had no idea what time it was.  I had left my watch in the chaos of my bedroom.  I could have kicked myself for not getting it before we bolted from the scene.  Watching the minutes tick by would at least help occupy my mind.
My thoughts were jumping from one topic to another.  My pulse was pounding from the mental clutter.  So, I took a deep breath and tried to refocus.  We need a better place to stay and transportation.  Thanks to my overstuffed duffle bag at least, we can afford it.
When I closed my eyes to continue working through a plan, I didn’t feel tired or sleepy.  But, I drifted, anyway.
How long can a guy go without sleep?
It felt great to think about something ordinary – like how to never sleep, again…

Chapter Four

I was jolted awake by the ‘dark being’ eating me alive…
The dream had been so real that I almost screamed in terror.  As my mind became more alert, the nightmare started to slip away from my memory.  Somehow I knew remembering the details of it would be important.  But, the harder I tried to hold on to the dream, the quicker it faded.
Eventually, it slid beneath the surface of my awareness – lost forever.
My heart was still pounding, when I reached out for Ember.  But, she wasn’t there!  I made some frantic move in an effort to get to my feet, desperate to find her.  My body was bolted to the floor.  I must have stayed in this same, uncomfortable position all night.
Panicked, I quickly scanned the area until I found her.  She was sitting on the rickety ledge of the window sill, staring through the cracked window pane.
“Morning Little Girl, whatcha doing…”
I tried to sound casual, like we do this every night of our lives.  Ember didn’t respond to my question or look at me, either.  I tried to hide my disappointment.  Maybe, I was wrong last night when I thought she might come back to me.
She hasn’t said one word the entire time we’ve been on the run.  But, I don’t much blame her for retreating into silence after all the craziness.
My sister has never been this quiet or still and I’m really starting to worry.  I asked her another question, but she still didn’t answer me.  Trying my best to hide my concern, I decided to pretend like everything’s normal.
“We’re not gonna spend another night in this creepy old farmhouse, Little Girl.  We’ll find a much nicer place for tonight…someplace with a couple of beds…and a radio, too…everything’s gonna be fine…” I promised her as I stretched and stood up.
I knew I could keep the first promise – we’ll sleep in a warm, safe bed tonight.  It was that last promise I wasn’t quite so sure about…
The over-stuffed duffle bag must weigh a few thousand pounds, but I picked it up without any real effort.  Taking Ember’s hand in mine, I opened the front door.  Leading her outside, we stepped out into our future.
Whatever that might be…



Part 2

“There is a price to pay for every decision made…
And the devil always gets paid…”

Seven years later…

Chapter One

This particular move was different from the previous ones we had made, over the last seven years.  Tray had come home early from his job as a mechanic and informed me that we were leaving Chicago, immediately.  I didn’t ask him where we were going or why we needed to go so abruptly.  Thirty minutes after he walked through the door, we were on the road and headed south.
We had moved so many times that I couldn’t even count them anymore.  Our frequent moves are typically my idea.  So, Tray’s relocation announcement was highly unusual.
A certain, small part of our wandering lifestyle can be attributed to the fact that we are gypsies.  The call of freedom offered by the open road is a necessity.
The primary reason behind our frequent moves is based on my keen intuition.  Even as a small child, I had always been able to sense things.  When Tray ran away with me seven years ago, my ‘sixth sense’ developed rapidly.  And, the pattern would always happen the same way…
We would be living somewhere and I would get an uneasy feeling inside my spirit.  I could sense an evil lurking somewhere in the shadows – preparing to strike and destroy us.  When this internal warning sounded, I would tell Tray it’s time to move on.
He has never once, questioned me or hesitated to comply.  We would simply pack up and leave.  So when he walked through the door and said we’re moving, I didn’t question him about the decision.
When I opened my eyes, I was staring at my reflection in the window of our well-travelled station wagon.  I knew many miles had gone by because the darkness was deeper.
Tray is gripping the steering wheel, intensely concentrating on the winding dirt road.  His eyes were glazed over.  He’s exhausted.  It’s after three in the morning.  Experience tells me that he won’t stop this car without the right motivation.
For all I know, the place he has picked to move us to could be another ten hours away.  Tray will ignore his own needs, especially if he is focused on getting to a specific destination.  And, whatever prompted him to leave Illinois so quickly still has him spun up and panicked.  If I want him to pull over, I have to suggest it as something I need.  Otherwise, he will fight off sleep and keep on driving.
“Morning…” I finally whispered while formulating my devious plot.
“Sure is,” Tray responded with a small laugh.
“That wasn’t an observation.  It was actually meant as a greeting.  How long was I out?” I questioned him.
“Probably just two or three hours...” Tray hedged.
“I’m sure it was more like seven or eight, but thanks for not making me feel bad about bailing on you.  I haven’t been sleeping very well with all the nightmares I’ve been having…” I reluctantly revealed.
It hurt me to see his brow crease as he processed this newly discovered information.  Tray has spent his life protecting me, taking care of me and providing for me – just like any good parent would for their child.  He also worries about me, constantly.  Adding this concern on top of everything else, made me feel guilty.  But, he desperately needs to sleep in a real bed.  Revealing my nightmares was the only thing I could think of that might get him to stop driving.
“How long have you been having them?  When did they start?  Why haven’t you said anything about them before now?  Did something happen to you at school that you're not telling me about?” Tray continued firing questions without waiting for an answer.
He tends to turn into an inquisitor when he gets nervous or upset.  I’m not sure if it makes him feel better or worse, but he always falls back on this routine in times of stress and crisis.  Five minutes later, I managed one interruption.
“I’ve been having nightmares for the past couple of weeks...”
“I wish you would’ve told me.  Maybe, I could’ve done something for you…”
“That’s an interesting concept.  What, precisely, do you think you could’ve done about something that occurs in my sleep?” I forced in my question before he could resume his inquest.
His brow creased deeper when he realized there was no way to fix my problem.
“Don’t worry about it…they don’t happen every night…” I said – now, it’s my turn to hedge.
My brother’s endless silence and concerned expression made me want to blurt out something like “I was just joking around.”  That’s not the truth, though.  And, I would never outright lie to Tray.
I pushed the gnawing feeling aside and continued trying to persuade him.
“Actually, I think sleeping with you in the same room would help me feel safe.  That’ll keep the nightmares away…”
Tray remained silent as he stared into the distance.  The worry line was creased firmly into his brow, by this point.  In order to keep myself quiet I reached over and turned on the radio.  I need a distraction.  He has to process the information and make a decision.  He can’t focus on anything if I keep talking, but shutting up does not come naturally to me.
My statement about not having bad dreams every night isn’t exactly a lie.  Some nights I’m too frightened to go to sleep.  That means technically my words would be considered more like a ‘creative-Emberism’.  I have become fairly inventive at rationalizing my actions since my life is full of unusual choices and interesting (although mischievous) adventures.  I always seem to find myself in the middle of something fascinating.  That means I have to be good at making great excuses.  Trouble has never had to come looking for me…
The music wasn’t holding my interest like it normally does.  Thoughts of my bad dreams made me shiver.  I have, at least two nightmares every night and they terrify me.  I wake up feeling doom on the horizon.  Demons hunt me endlessly, in my dreams…
We are travelling on the back roads.  The starless night is making it impossible to see anything.  The sharp, winding curves and steep hills lets me know we are surrounded by mountains.
The early September landscape must be beautiful with the leaves changing.  Squinting didn’t help.  The trees were still shrouded in inky shadows.  So I tried, by sheer force of my will, to make the sun rise on my command – of course, nothing happened.
I was prepared to launch into another debate, but as fate would have it I got distracted.
We hit a small bump and my ‘memory box’ slid off the seat.  It is odd how certain, seemingly random items can carry so much sentimental value.  My old hat box is full of little mementos.  Each one represents a part of my life and those are memories I intend to keep.
Occasionally, I lose time…my memories fail to stay within my reach.  I have always been preoccupied – especially when I was younger.  Most of my cherished memories have been permanently misplaced due to my mental wanderings.
My nomadic mind doesn’t always block out the bad memories, either – unfair, though it is.  So, my inattentive nature is not very useful.  Everyone should have the luxury of being able to erase a memory or two.
I took a good, long look at my brother.  I attempted to interpret Tray’s facial expression.  It appears to be blank in my estimation.  But, I have come to realize that I really stink at reading people.
That thought is very ironic considering that I’m a gypsy.  Gypsies are supposed to be excellent con artists – facial expression interpretation should just come, naturally.  Those ‘gypsy interpretation skills’ are not among my talents yet, although I hope they will be someday.  I am praying they will eventually develop like some dormant inborn ability.  Maybe, I will wake up one morning and discover I have them.
Tray doesn’t discuss our gypsy heritage with me.  He has never offered to teach me any tricks or cons.  If I don’t wake up with those gypsy skills like I am hoping for, then I plan to pout and plead until he teaches me.
My brother and I could never be considered normal or average like other people our age.  It took years of moving around and being on our own before I realized that fact.  We are different from other gypsies too…and, everyone else on the planet for that matter.
Traditional gypsies take care of their own kind.  Normally, Tray and I would have joined another traveling band after we ran away.  My brother never considered living with another gypsy family, to my knowledge.  My world has always consisted of just me and Tray.  He is a combination of my parent, protector and hero.  He has spent his life taking care of me and that forced him to grow up, fast.
Sometimes, I wonder if that is regret I see swirling behind his ocean-colored eyes.  That particular thought feels like the blade of a sharp knife being twisted deep in my heart.  It fractures my spirit.  Fighting back the resulting tears, I shoved the thought away.
Darkness has a tendency of warping the very best of things and shrouding the soul...
The many trials in my life have left me altered forever.  I’m not cynical, just different.  Fifteen-year-old girls usually giggle and are filled with idealistic hope.  I have never giggled once to my knowledge and idealistic hope is a foreign concept to me.  I feel so much older than fifteen.
Tray eventually turned onto a paved road.  The state sign announced we are only six miles from the highway.
“If he stops for the night, then Ember-girl, you really are the freakin’ stuff…” I thought excitedly.
When my brother exited onto a ramp with lodging, I didn’t feel quite so guilty anymore.  We drove by two large chain motels before he pulled into a privately owned one called the Mountaineer Motor Lodge.
We live life on the gypsy down low.  This means we keep to ourselves and out of the spotlight.  Tray will only choose a chain motel as a last resort.  The reasons behind this choice were few, but vital, if we hoped to remain unnoticed – not to mention out of the hands of social workers and other authority figures.
Hotel chains have security cameras, ask for a copy of a driver’s license and look suspiciously at two young people traveling together with no adult in sight.  So we usually stay in small, obscure motels and motor courts – places that are only concerned with how green the cash is.
The owner switched on the light in the lobby when Tray pressed the after-hour’s buzzer.  The manager was wearing a washed out robe.  His gray hair was tousled with a serious case of ‘bed-head.’  Just as I expected, he didn’t ask us any questions as he exchanged the key to the room for our money.  Tray apologized for waking him up and then, asked him what time we need to check out.
“Son, whenever your eyes decide to open and you wanna leave – that’s your check out time.  Just don’t forget to return my key…” the owner stated with a smile.
I felt tears threatening to spill for the second time that night.  Never underestimate a kindness…
Tray double locked the door and folded over the extra security latch at the top.  Then, he shoved his bed against the door.  He had performed this same motel door security ritual, for years.  It was a comforting gesture.
My brother is a very light sleeper.  If someone walks by our motel room outside, he will be on his feet and fully alert in seconds.  So, he always requests a room at the far end of the motel.
Tray didn’t even take off his shoes or get underneath the covers.  I think he was out before his head touched the pillow.
Although I was still sleepy, my desperate need for a shower ruled my thoughts.  Long car rides make me feel sticky.  I have always hated being dirty or sweaty.  I keep a ‘we’re moving right this instant’ bag packed with everything I need for two days on the road.  Tray taught me to be prepared to leave on a moment’s notice.
Stepping in the hot shower, I thought about Chicago.  Once we move, we never look back.  I have never given any thought to the other places we have left in our path.  But, I actually made friends at our last school – something I have never done before.
A few weeks ago, Tray had abruptly decided that I needed to come out of my shell.  He can be really annoying when he wants me to do something I would not normally choose to do.
Even after I assured him that I was content living inside my own world (reading, listening to music and talking to him), he continued to badger me.  Relentless in this strange pursuit to have me join the rest of the world, he claimed to know what’s best.  In other words, he pulled his ‘parental-card’ and used it against me.
His mind was made up.  So I begrudgingly slipped out of my own world, with his assistance, and made two friends.  I even managed to get one picture of them together.  It’s stored in my memory box.  At least, I wouldn’t lose Garrett and Emily to the sands of ‘Ember-time’ entirely.
I dressed in two tank tops, a t-shirt, a pair of sweat pants and socks to sleep in.  I wear layers of clothing, day and night.  I have a modesty obsession, in addition to my cleanliness compulsion.
It was late in the afternoon before I woke up.  I was astounded that my sleep was dreamless.  It appears that my brother can keep me safe from the lurking nighttime demons…
“Well, I see sleepin’ beauty finally decided to grace the world.  Or no, wait, maybe I should call you Rip Van Winkle instead.  Sleeping twenty five hours suggests the latter…” Tray said with a genuine laugh.
I grabbed a pillow and threw it at him.  He dodged it and continued to enjoy his joke.  I buried my head under my one remaining pillow and tried to make him believe that he was irritating me.  I didn’t fool him, though.  He knows I love to hear his laughter.
“Oh by the way, Rip…thanks for leaving me a clean towel to dry off with.  That one washcloth on the rack did the trick – no problem…” my brother said, dramatically once he stopped laughing.
I listened to the playful sarcasm and realized that I had used the only two bath towels last night.
“Hey, I left you a hand towel along with that washcloth…” I replied.
I couldn’t suppress my laughter anymore.  I extracted my head, still trying to look innocent.
“Yeah, yeah very freakin’ funny…” Tray stated in a serious tone, but even with all his gypsy skills, he could barely keep a straight face.
Tray is huge, like a linebacker that lifts weights constantly.  He is 6’3” with a strong, muscular build.  He keeps a tan year round.  His hair is black like a raven’s feathers.  And, he has ocean colored eyes.  Well, I have never been there to prove it.  But, every time I look in his eyes, that’s what comes to mind.
My brother is extremely handsome.  That’s something I can prove because I recently watched a girl walk into the side of a brick building while she was checking him out.  I didn’t have time to react before she collided with the structure.  Tray rushed over to her to make sure she was okay.  The poor girl couldn’t seem to find her voice.  He helped her up and all she could manage was to nod, blush and smile.  I told him what happened on our way home.  But, he just shook his head and dismissed my observation.
Mine and Tray’s facial features are an uncanny match for each other, but the similarities stop there.  I am barely 5’4” and weigh an impressive 85 pounds.  It’s strange, but my hair keeps getting lighter.  By this point, it would be considered dirty blonde.  I have light blue eyes that match the color of the sky.
It is very entertaining to watch people’s reactions when they see Tray and I together for the first time.  It is indisputable that we are related to each other.  But, nothing about me can compete with the mere size of my brother – the incredible handsome giant.
We had stopped in a small city in Western North Carolina.  The surrounding mountains were breathtaking.  When Tray announced that we might stay here for a while, I was surprised.  He prefers to live in massive, urban sprawls like Dallas and St. Louis.  In fact, we have never lived in a rural town before.
I tried to contain my excitement.  Although it was unexplainable, I desperately wanted to remain in this area.  The surrounding forest calls out to my spirit…
The next day we found the perfect rental property.  It was a privately owned, small but furnished older cabin on five acres of land.  The landlady was a stern looking woman named Nora Dills.  Her thin, passive husband was named Robert.  The three of us followed Nora around as she gave us the tour and barked the rules.  Any violation would get us “kicked out on our butts without a refund”.
“We’ll follow every rule to the letter…and, we’ll keep the house spotless…no worries…” Tray informed her as he handed over the first month’s rent and a security deposit.
“Don’t gimme a reason to keep that deposit money – understand?” Nora stated while tucking the money in her bra.
“Sure enough, lovely lady.  You’ve got my word on it,” Tray offered with a wink.
I thought I saw Nora smile as she turned away.  Her husband gasped in shock, paid us a startled glance and dutifully followed his wife to the car.
It’s interesting to see a formidable woman like Nora Dills soften around the edges.  My brother seems to have a way about him that inspires even the hardest woman to behave in a more feminine nature.  I had spent hours trying to figure out how he does that.  So far, I’ve had no success at all….
How Tray manages to accomplish the seemingly impossible is beyond my comprehension.  Once again though, he discovered the one person in this whole town that would rent to us without a lease, credit check or an application.
Tray’s particular talent of ‘persuasion’ doesn’t work on me, fortunately.  After all, I have to live with the guy…

Chapter Two

Some constructive gypsy deception has been a lifelong must because we have to keep up a ‘normal family’ pretense.  Our rental houses are always furnished with three bedrooms.  We stage the master for our “parents”, although no one has ever come over to our house.  Still, we do it anyway.
The truth shouldn’t have to be fabricated, but for us it’s necessary.  Society assumes parents live with and care for their children.  Anytime a child’s life deviates from that given expectation then, bad things can and usually do happen.   My parents have been out of the picture for a long time.  In fact, I don’t remember anything about them.
The gypsy deceptions we portray to the world are reserved for outsiders.  My brother and I are always truthful with each other.
Tray always brings in my boxes, first.  All my clothes were stacked neatly when I started the unhappy (and mainly unsuccessful) task of searching for my wayward socks.  This stupid discovery quest is nothing like the fun summer treasure hunts that Tray takes me on each year.  Even as I mentally reprimanded myself for not pairing my socks, I knew my words were falling on deaf ears.  I have never been able to keep up with them.  This ridiculous clothing challenge is the only thing in my life I can never seem to organize.  It’s also enough to make me crazy.
Out of thirteen socks, only two pairs were mates.  I sighed heavily as I considered my options.  Maybe I can be known as the crazy mismatched sock kid that can’t dress herself properly?  Or better yet, I’ll be thought of as the artsy kid that intentionally wears mismatched socks because she’s super mysterious and misunderstood.  The second option is the better choice, so that’s the one I’ll stick with.
My portable disc player was packed near the top of a box marked LIFE & DEATH STUFF – DON’T LOSE!  That box holds our emergency kits, medicine bottles along with my CD collection, stereo and my portable disc player – all the essentials.  I love to get lost in my music.
I grabbed the first disc I put my hand on and looked at it.  The song “Bring Me to Life” was listed and it’s one of my favorites.  The lyrics tell a romantic story about how this girl’s spirit is cold, alone and sleeping.  Then, this guy comes along, rescues her soul from the darkness and brings her spirit back to life.
Not bothering to look at the stereo, I pressed the play button.  The music was blaring and scared me.  It also startled Tray.
He rushed down the hallway to check on the commotion.  I had already turned down the volume.  But, he still dramatically covered his ears and pretended like I had just destroyed his hearing.  I rolled my eyes.  If he can be melodramatic so can I.  He winked at me and laughed.  Then, I heard the door close as he walked outside to get more boxes.
I inched the volume up and suddenly, the wind captured my attention.  It started gusting, for no apparent reason.  The trees were creaking from the force.  It sounded so eerie that I turned down the music to hear it.  But, the instant I did that it stopped blowing.
Barely cracking the window open, the night was calm and still.  No breeze had been blowing at all today.  The evening sky was perfectly clear…no storm was building.
Great, not only am I losing time and memories…now, I’m imagining things, too.
I mindlessly turned the music back up and it happened again.  I turned the volume up and down.  The wind responded every time.  I continued to perform my loony experiment until I proved my unbelievable hypothesis.  The wind is reacting to the music!
The evidence was clear, but I still put my theory to the ultimate test.  I turned up the stereo to maximum volume.  The rogue wind rushed inside like an unexpected cyclone.
Although I was still completely fascinated by this strange phenomenon, I turned the volume to a moderate level and left it alone.  Tray will rush back inside, in a panic, if I continue performing my unorthodox experiment.
The blowing wind was still brushing against my skin, enticing me to pay attention…to something.  I looked through the window and thought I saw a flicker of light, miles away.
It isn’t lightning…it’s a flashlight…no…it’s too far off…maybe it’s some sort of beacon.
Before I could figure it out, I got distracted.  I thought I heard something familiar – like a child’s voice crying out in the distance.  The voice had an urgent tone, but no matter how carefully I listened I couldn’t understand it.  Captivated, I pressed my palms against the window pane.  My mind wandered aimlessly as I fell further into a semi-hypnotic state.
The carpet underneath my feet was becoming imperceptible.  Then, it inexplicably transformed into what felt like grass.  Since I’m curious by nature, I really should have at least glanced to find out what I was standing on.  But, I couldn’t seem to look at anything other than the shadowy forest beyond my window.  It’s pleading with me to do something…perhaps to become…a part of it.
“Ember…” the wind whispered plainly when that thought came to mind.
Another gust of wind whistled through the barely opened window as realization swept over me.  This breeze offered the same invitation – it’s calling to me.  My body gently swayed as the mountain air brushed by.  Being hypnotized by the whispering wind, I desperately want to become one with the forest.
“That’s not possible…” I whispered back in reply – oh, but it is.
Although intellectually I knew I was still standing in my bedroom, my mind no longer seemed to register this fact.  I was being surrounded by the forest.  The trees just sort of grew up around me.
Suddenly, it felt like I was being transported to another place – not of this world…a thriving, surreal landscape.  I could hear the sounds of the forest all around me.  But, I’m not in North Carolina, anymore.
So, where am I??
The surreal forest was quickly becoming my new, unbelievable reality.  I was being enclosed inside what seemed like an incredible painting.  I am ‘a part of’ and ‘apart from’ my emerging forest.  This woodland-fantasy world is indescribably haunting and more awesome than anything I have ever seen.
My bedroom walls vanished as the forest was created.  The unfamiliar trees captured me inside the enchanted world.  Being imprisoned inside a living painting, should have been terrifying to me.  But, I simply wasn’t scared.  In fact, I never want to be liberated from this enthralling fantasy world.  I am a willing hostage of this magnificent, alien forest.
The dreamlike painting finished transforming around me.  The once, painted illusion of the forest is now real and bursting with life.  The unfamiliar trees swayed in the chilly autumn wind.  The voice called out to me and I could hear it, loud and clear.
“Fly…Ember…” it coaxed.
I surrendered to the request and the forest encircled me.  I was floating…spellbound…
Nothing matters anymore, except the mysterious forest…the whispering, singing wind…and flying free.
My worries were left behind as I finally became “fully one” with the forest.  Its energy flows through me.
Somehow, I had transformed and managed to harness the life force of the woods.  I absorbed the forest’s incredible power and used it to soar skyward.  I could have touched the clouds if there were any.  Then, I dove toward the tops of the trees and continued gliding.  I have become one with the wind – I’m as light as the breeze.  I rapidly sailed through the forest, without a single care in the world.
The surreal flight continued for quite some time.  I have no intention of ever landing again because freedom like this is incredible and rare.
Sometimes what I plan to happen and what actually occurs though, are two different things…
The landscape transformed from the mysterious forest back into the normal mountains of North Carolina.  I didn’t pay much attention since I was still flying free.  Then suddenly, I collided with a heavy kind of ‘nothingness’.  The invisible object was very real!  I fell from the sky and slammed into the ground.  The force of the impact winded me.  Clutching my pain-filled chest, I struggled to catch my breath.
I crawled along with one hand out in front of me, trying to locate the source of my downfall.  That would end up being useless.  There was simply nothing there to prevent my passage.  So, what did I fly into??
Before I could arrive at any logical conclusion my hand landed on the base of a gimonsterous tree.  The bark crumbled like sand beneath the weight of my palm.  I looked up and the pale moonlight revealed the horrible tragedy.  The tree limbs were all decayed.  The massive trunk had deeply etched black lines.  This was once a majestic tree, but now it’s dead…rotting away…crying out in pain.
Sheer devastation swept over me as I heard the tree’s sorrowful cry.  I was overwhelmed and grief-stricken.  My eyes were brimming with unshed tears.  Filled with inexpressible sadness, my heart shattered.  Buried deep below this sacred tree’s dying roots is untold pain…unspeakable agony.
Kneeling in front of the decimated trunk, I sobbed in heartbreak.  The anguish locked underneath it is so tremendous that I can literally feel it.
I reached out to reverently touch the tree, again.  That’s when something incredible happened.  It felt like the trunk absorbed some of my unspent pain.  Shocked, I reflexively jerked my hand away.  But, the place where my palm had touched was still illuminated – evidence of what just happened.  The etched black lines in the dead trunk seemed to be slightly healed from my handprint, too??  That’s just not possible…
I leaned in closer to get a better look.  The outline of my palm print was still faintly visible.  I can heal this tree!
Although I did reach out to complete the task, destiny had something else in mind.  Suddenly, I was lifted off the ground by yet another unseen source.  Once again, I would soar through the forest.
Frustrated, I struggled against my invisible enemy because I felt an overwhelming compulsion to stay with “my” tree and heal it.
“Stop…I’m not ready to go!  I belong back there!  It’s my special place…” my spirit shouted, uselessly.
The decayed ground surrounding the tree launched its own protest and cried out to me to return.  No matter how bizarre it is that tree is somehow attached to me.  That withered area is my special place.  It holds a secret for my ears alone.  I knew if I could have just stayed longer, I would have heard it clearly.
The invisible source ignored my pleadings and the cries of the tree.  It continued to sweep me away.  I had no control over this flight and no way to turn back.
The heartbreak I had just experienced would forever, haunt me.  My tears spilled like raindrops.
My soul is desolate…it grieves.
The loss of my sacred tree…

Chapter Three

The sound of shattering glass yanked me abruptly from my reverie.  I had returned to my bedroom…the ‘living painting’ had vanished.  My mind refused to comprehend what had just happened as it desperately tried to return to the surreal forest.  That lofty world was gone.  My special tree was lost, too.  I found myself back in a harsh reality, soaked in agony.
White hot pain seared through my forearms and hands.  Blood sprayed from the cuts and slices.  I didn’t attempt to stop the blood flow, although it was spilling all over the floor.  I silently watched in morbid awe as the crimson liquid gushed from my wounds.
I was emotionally devastated from touching the ravaged tree…so much untold sorrow and pain…my secret left behind.
“Ember, are you okay??” Tray shrieked as he rushed down the hall.
But, I couldn’t answer him.  My voice is lost somewhere deep inside me.
My brother swiftly surveyed the scene before he disappeared.  It seemed like he was only gone for a split second before he ran back into my bedroom with a handful of paper towels.  His panicked grip crushed both of my arms as he pressed down on the wounds to stop the bleeding.  He was deathly pale and breathless.
“What happened in here???” he finally asked.
His voice was shaking, like he was fighting to suppress a choke.
“I…I don’t know…exactly,” I replied, weakly.
That was the best explanation I had to offer to him, right then.
I must have crossed over the brink into insanity.  How can I tell Tray something like that??  It’s not like I can say I was transported into a painted landscape that transformed into a surreal world.  Or, that I went on an imaginary flight through an enchanted forest.  How can I explain a collision into a barrier made of nothing?  Or how a dead, ancient tree is holding a secret for me??
There’s no way to tell him those things – not without a straitjacket being issued with my name embroidered on it.  I must have been hallucinating.  No rational explanation would come to mind.  So I simply stood transfixed in excruciating silence and stared at him in confusion.  I must have turned temporarily psychotic because reality was bombarding me with the evidence.
The pain continued to assault my body as the awkward stillness carried on.  I could see a thousand unasked questions swirling behind Tray’s eyes.  Then, I thought about how this insane scenario must look from an outsider’s perspective.  When that scene crossed my mind I had to suppress an overwhelming urge to burst out laughing.
Hey anyone, does small town USA have a loony bin????
Tray continued to apply pressure against the wounds for what felt like an eternity.  He was nervously biting on his lower lip and trying to maintain a calm, neutral facial expression – a gypsy mask he designed for my benefit.  His face eventually shadowed over from his emotions.  It betrayed him, revealing his true feelings.  The uncomfortable tension grew into the size of a mountain.
My arms felt bruised, ripped and raw when my brother removed the blood soaked towels in order to look at my injuries.
“They’re deep, Little Girl…” he offered and paused.
I took comfort in his chosen nickname for me.  Every time he calls me ‘little girl’ it reminds me that he is my parent…my protector.
“I’m sure they look much worse than they are…” I replied without examining them.
The pain feels like a red hot poker being jabbed into my flesh.  I can’t let Tray know how much the wounds are hurting though.  I also refuse to visit the emergency room on my first day in our new home.  That little excursion will hopefully be reserved for a much, much later time – somewhere close to never.
“You need stitches…”
“No, what I need right this instant is a new window pane.  We have to do something about this ‘Ember-window-smashing-catastrophe’ before our landlady returns.  I would hate to get us ‘kicked out on our butts without a refund’ tonight.  We should at least, get to sleep in the beds one time before your security deposit is lost to the Bank of Dills, forever,” I said.
We exchanged a tense moment of ironic laughter.
I have always been prone to bizarre mishaps.  Somehow, I have miraculously managed to avoid scars…well, up until this point I avoided them.  I’m not accident prone – just extremely curious and that makes me inattentive.  These distractions usually lead to trouble.  Although I’m normally annoyed by that fact, today I’m grateful for my historical shortcomings.
Tray will not question me about how I managed to put both of my hands and forearms through a window pane.  He will just chalk it up to me, being me.  Hopefully, he will never have to know that I inexplicably turned into a raging mental case.  Some things are better off being sorted out alone – if that’s even possible in this scenario – especially those things that could land me in a nice padded room that locks from the outside.
When I finally built up the courage to look at my injuries, I was horrified.  They were shimmering!  Hundreds of glassy slivers were imbedded in the raw, exposed flesh.  I realized, with a wave of nausea, that those shards will have to be removed.
My brother led me into the bathroom and cleaned the wounds in the sink.  As the water washed over the slices, it felt like I had suddenly placed my arms inside an incinerator.  Then, I braced myself and prepared for the agony.  I silently vowed that I wouldn’t cry out in pain, no matter how much it hurt.  But, I broke that promise about fifteen seconds into the procedure.
I managed to get myself back under control after that initial bout of hysteria.  Every time I made the slightest noise or movement though, my brother would apologize to me with a pain-soaked facial expression.
Tray’s suffering added another hideous agony on top of my own torment.  His personal torture had literally been provided by my own hands.  I avoided looking at him and managed to not flinch anymore until he was finished.
This whole scenario is ripping his heart to shreds.  Emotional pain is always so much worse than physical pain.
An hour later, he was finished.  Every inch of my body was exhausted.  My hands and arms were throbbing while Tray applied the bandages.  Then, he handed me two painkillers.  I swallowed them and regretfully wished that I had taken the medication before the glass removal procedure.
I tried to think of something lighthearted to say, but my words would fail me.  I didn’t even protest when he suggested that I go to bed for the night.  After turning off my stereo, he gathered the items I unpacked and, in true male form, tossed them on the floor.
He left me to find something to ‘repair’ the broken window.  He returned a few minutes later with a sheet of blue Styrofoam insulation and a roll of packing tape.  Using only the light from the hallway to see his way around, he temporarily fixed the window until it could be repaired properly tomorrow.
I hope it can keep out that freaky, rogue wind…

Chapter Four

The next morning I woke up terrified and shaking.  I dreamed that I was entombed inside a rotting tree being smothered.  Unfortunately, in my semi-lucid, panicked state I forgot about my injuries.  I frantically rolled over to escape from the nightmare.  The wounds ripped open, again.  Burying my face in a pillow, I screamed through the fresh agony.
One would think after fifteen years of numerous peculiar mishaps that my pain threshold would be higher.  I used to believe my low pain tolerance was kind of my cosmic payment since I didn’t have any real scars to show for my previous misadventures.  My pain threshold remained infuriatingly the same, even though I will have some very deep scars from this little excursion.  So much for the celestial scales of justice staying in balance…
Once I was certain that I wouldn’t yell out in pain, I ran to the bathroom and peeled back the blood soaked gauze.  I attempted to patch myself back up.  Sadly, it looked like a hyperactive monkey applied the bandages by the time I was finished.
Tray handles all of our medical emergencies.  I can’t even wrap a square gift box without messing it up.  So my failed attempt was wasted effort from the start.  The gauze was already falling off and gapping.
The heaping pile of items Tray tossed on the floor was making me insane.  They would have to stay put because I was in too much pain to deal with them.
The clock displayed the time at 4:53.  So, I grabbed my portable CD player and turned it on.  Even though I had the headphones plugged in, the wind somehow heard the song and responded to the music.  The air was desperately trying to force its way through the Styrofoam barrier.  It was blowing so hard that one side came unstuck.
Completely lost in thought, I walked over on autopilot to re-tape it.  Reliving my strange journey through the enchanted forest…my still present grief over the dead tree…it held so much pain…I want to know the secret it’s holding…how will I find it again??
…ouch…
I stepped on something sharp and almost lost my balance.  Biting down on my lower lip, I suppressed the painful scream.  I hopped over and grabbed my book light to survey the ‘Ember-damage’.  Warm blood had already soaked through my sock, as I reflexively pulled the shard of glass out of my sole.  That was a major mistake.  I started hopping in a circle, squeezing my foot, trying to contain the painful crimson flow.
My book light went sailing and I hobbled over to pick it up.  That’s when I noticed something odd.  Shards of glass shimmered across my bedroom carpet in various shapes and sizes.  I couldn’t quite comprehend what I was looking at because the scene was (and is) impossible.
The shattered glass was scattered on the inside of my bedroom like someone smashed the window from the outside???
On a frantic and psychotic mission, I swiftly limped down the hallway.  It seems that I am bent on proving that I need a straitjacket immediately.  Although it was insane, I couldn’t seem to stop myself.
Pointing the book light toward the earth right below my bedroom window, I was stunned beyond belief.  The ground underneath it was entirely glass free!  Wait – maybe, the shards got buried, somehow??
Ignoring my pain, I dropped to my knees.  I searched for the missing glass that should definitely be lying there.  The dirt was caked like dried cement.  There’s no way anything could be buried underneath it.  The wind seemed to react to my overwhelmed emotional state and whistled wildly through the trees.
The broken pieces should be lying all over the ground outside, but they are scattered on my carpet.  I was standing inside my bedroom when I broke out the window.  That means the shards should be littering the ground!
My injuries were long forgotten, as I ran back into the house at breakneck speed.  I have no idea why I’m in such a hurry.  It’s not like a mad dash will change this loony situation.
I switched on the light and blinded myself.  When my vision was restored, I surveyed the floor underneath the broken window.  My reality still had not changed.  Every shard of glass from the shattered pane was lying on my bedroom carpet!
Somehow I broke the window pane from the outside, in???
Tray must have been so consumed with panic last night that he didn’t even notice it.  I scrambled to throw away the broken fragments before he discovered them.  He tends to overreact when it comes to me and any dangerous/inexplicable mishaps.
I have no explanation for this lunacy.  I can’t even explain it to myself…
Pain thundered through my entire body and, between my various injuries, I was bleeding a river.  Still, I continued to ignore everything except my frantic clean-up efforts.  After trashing what I could, I started vacuuming.
I suppose I thought if I could make the glass disappear from my sight then maybe I could convince myself that it didn’t happen.  It was a ridiculous assumption.  My bloody wounds would offer a painful reminder…even if my mind wanted to forget.
The silence made my ears ring when I turned off the vacuum cleaner.
“It’s kinda early to be making so much freakin’ noise, don’t you think?” Tray unexpectedly grumbled as he shuffled down the hallway, scaring me in the process.
In my all-consuming frenzy to remove the glass I forgot how loud the Suck Master is.  We named our vacuum cleaner because it has been with us for so long it’s like part of the family.
I followed him into the kitchen with my face flush from guilt.  All the empty boxes in the corner meant Tray had worked late into the night putting stuff away while I slept through the pain storm.  The reward for his efforts was being jolted awake at the ridiculous hour of five in the morning by his psychotic little sister.
He poured himself some water and tried to conceal his yawn.  Guilt gnawed at my insides, but I couldn’t do anything to fix the situation.
“Sorry for turning on the Suck Master and scaring the life outta you this early in the morning.  I don’t know what I was thinking,” I stated and I tried to smack myself on the forehead to demonstrate my frustration.
He grabbed my arm, mid-swing – preventing me from hitting myself.  He stopped me with so much grace that I gasped.  Somehow, he managed to touch the only place that wasn’t injured.
“You’ve already managed to destroy about half of your body.  Do me a favor and don’t try to finish the job today.  I can’t take much more in the ‘little girl destruction department’ without losing it, myself…” Tray told me humorously, but I could hear the exasperation underneath the comical tone.
My arms were streaked with blood and the gauze was barely covering my skin.  Tray noticed the useless bandages were covered in dirt, too.  He didn’t even ask for an explanation.  He redressed my wounds and patched up my newly injured foot.
I promised him that I would be more cautious.  He responded to my vow with a silent nod and worried stare.
After breakfast, we headed to the local high school.  Due to my accident, we won’t be starting school until next week.  At least this gives me plenty of time to shop for the clothes we need to blend in.
I brought my notepad and pen because relying on my faulty memory is not a good idea.  Strategically parking where we could observe the students without being noticed, I noted what they were wearing.
Our type of lifestyle requires careful planning.  Some parts of our cover-story remain the same.  Others change from place to place.  So, we always rehearse the details of our life story.
I’m usually comfortable with the necessary deceptions.  But, this particular move was different from all the others.  I was suddenly scared I might say the wrong thing to the wrong person – putting some adult on alert.
I didn’t initiate this relocation.  So, I didn’t have time to mentally prepare myself for it.  I still feel out-of-sorts and lost.  My crazy trip into the world of perplexing madness didn’t help matters, either.
This new school is also much smaller than any we have ever attended.  It’s easy to blend in at large urban schools.  No one asks too many questions.  Life in those big cities hardens most school administrators.  Usually, their only concerns are making sure students are placed in a class for every period and whether those students shoulder a criminal element along with the backpack they carry.  I had been one of the ‘nameless many’ in those situations.
I assumed that smaller schools meant intrusive administrators, nosy students and overly interested teachers.  I was scared I would slip up on our first day, but I refused to share my anxiety with my brother.   I had already been enough of a burden for the time being.
After rehearsing our background story three times, Tray made us stop.  He tried to convince me that three is a lucky gypsy number, but I knew that was just a pretense.  He gets frustrated if we go over it too many times.  Although I dearly love my brother, he has the patience of a hungry infant when it comes to practicing anything.
I spent the next two days shopping at local consignment shops and purchasing clothing similar to my detailed notes.  By Sunday night, we were ready to meet our Monday-small-town-high-school fate.

Chapter Five

Everyone seemed to stop what they were doing to check us out when we arrived at school.  It was an hour before classes started, but it appeared that most of the students were already on campus.  They looked at us like we were the missing links.  The teachers gave us that “curious side-ways glance” in passing.  These first day investigations are familiar to me.
I wasn’t paying too much attention to the strangers and their stare-fest.  I was immersed in my pouting.  The car ride to school was spent with me deadlocked in an argument with Tray.  I had been trying to convince him to let me start my sophomore year at this school, instead of continuing my freshman studies.
He had only smiled in reply and shook his head without responding any further.  It’s so infuriating when he refuses to give into my demands without a single explanation.  He’s so stubborn.
My brother frequently updates his birth certificate so he can attend the same school with me.  At one point in his ‘Tray-created-school-days-time-travels’ he turned himself into my twin.  For some unexplainable reason, he couldn’t bring himself to leave me alone in any classroom during that entire school year.  He has always been a physical giant compared to me.  So our twin-status earned us more than a few curious stares.
This raging freshman debate between us always ends in my defeat.  He won’t give in to my desires no matter how many logical and convincing arguments I present.  He gets to be older and younger at his leisure, but I’m forever, my own biological age.  It just doesn’t seem fair that he won’t let me have this one small ‘time-travel’ experience.
I pestered him repeatedly to add a single year to my birth certificate.  I even offered to go through my sophomore year twice.  He had already made up his mind and nothing I might say would convince him to alter it.
I was never allowed to attend school at all, until Tray ran away with me.  My affinity for learning likely stems from that fact.  I enjoy school and don’t want to rush through it.  But, I do want to skip ninth grade.
The ridiculous hazing from the upper classmen is the thing I detest.  I am frequently on the receiving end of their nonsense already because of my on-going, new student status.  Therefore, I believe it is only fair to get a free pass out of this freshman hazing.
My brother evidently, disagrees.  Even in only a few short weeks of ninth grade studies, I have already been subjected to several pranks.  Tray says I should just ‘roll with the punches’ and try to enjoy it.  He believes freshman hazing is a rite of passage.  If that turns out to be the truth of the matter, then our modern society is definitely on the decline.
I shuffled begrudgingly down the hallway behind him, pouting about my imminent defeat.  Once we walk inside, I will, once again, be sentenced to freshman Hades.  I mindlessly shifted my backpack to the opposite shoulder and winced from the pain.  I keep forgetting about my injuries.
The bag dropped from my shoulder and I held my breath.  Immobile from pain, I struggled against my natural reaction.  Horrible waves of agony assaulted me.
Tray continued walking, without noticing my halt.  I couldn’t inform him of anything at that moment, not without screaming.  I didn’t want to terrify him.  There’s nothing he can do for me, but he will come unglued in his overly protective parental panic anyway.
I clenched my teeth, waiting for the pain to subside.
Two preppy girls rushed by me without looking in my direction.  They ran down the steps to the basement.  There are no classes in a boiler room.
I tried to decipher this unknown turn of events.  The new student standing frozen in the hallway typically trumps most other things.
My discomfort was still torturous, but I followed them anyway.  I just have to find out what those girls are up to.  It has to be something very intriguing if they ignored a prime opportunity to scope out the new kid.
Leaning cautiously over the railing, I looked down into the darkness.  I couldn’t see anything – curses.  Curiosity wins out in my world over all forms of pain, personal safety and practically everything else too.  My neck stretched into an awkward position as I angled my body.  I need to see down the steps, but no amount of contortions helped.  The bottom of the staircase was well hidden in the shadows.
Not one to ever give up, I resolved to head down there the instant I finished registering.  I turned to walk away, but something happened to recapture my interest.
I saw a flicker of blinding light over my shoulder.  By the time I turned back, it had already faded.  I could still see the shadow of it behind my eye lids, although I wasn’t even looking in that direction.  Those white streaks were so brilliant I could barely see beyond them.
This strange occurrence piqued a new level of interest for me.  I just have to discover what source can create such a brilliant light – right now.
Tray discovered I was missing and caught up with me before I made it to the first landing.  He sighed in aggravation, giving me an exasperated look.  Then, he ushered me back up the stairs toward the office.
So, not only had I lost the freshman argument with him, I also didn’t get to see what’s so interesting at the bottom of those stairs.  It would really be pointless to argue with him anymore – especially since I had just scared him.  He has been forced many times to locate me after one of my famous ‘Ember-disappearing-acts.’
Walking down the hallway in his view, I thought of another very logical reason to skip this grade.  I had already devoured my freshman textbooks at my last school, even though we were only a few weeks into the semester.  That’s my typical pattern.  Once I master the material, I can easily get distracted.  That inevitably leads to trouble in my life.  But, Tray is not going to listen to any more arguments on the subject.
Stupid, ridiculous freshman rites of passage – what’s this world coming to anyway??
The secretary smiled as Tray handed our ‘school files’ to her.  He explained that our parents had an emergency situation and had to fly back to Oklahoma.
As usual, my guidance counselor called me back first.  Several student aides and teachers were also walking in the narrow office hallway.  We had to turn sideways in order for everyone to get by.
Mr. Marts leafed through my file while I attempted to display the typical ‘teenager disinterest in all things administrative.’
“Well Ember, I understand your parents couldn’t attend this appointment today because of your grandfather, huh?” Mr. Marts asked me once he eventually looked up from the papers.
His eyes widened with interest and I rolled mine in reply.  I also had the corresponding facial expression to match my indifferent attitude.  Teenagers don’t usually demonstrate patience or concern about this enrollment process.  So I had to behave accordingly.
“Yep, he needed them so…” I offered cryptically, without finishing the sentence.
I prayed he wouldn’t pursue this line of questioning, anymore.  I knew our background story, but I was still anxious.
“Sorry to hear that.  I don’t see where your parents listed their places of employment…” Mr. Marts said as he searched through the papers some more.
“It’s some new tech company, but I didn’t get the name.  They left in the middle of the night.  My brother knows it…”
“I guess we can fill in the blanks when they get back.  Hmmm, do you know if your file includes your test scores?”
I responded with a vacant stare and a shoulder shrug.  Sharing too much knowledge about my school file will inevitably lead to more questions.  It turns out that most people prefer to have the answers supplied to them instead of having to put forth any effort.
My plan to sneak down to the basement would never be realized because Tray somehow managed to get out of his session before me.  Meeting in a conference room, we were required to watch a long, dull video about the school.  Then, the head counselor read the rules and policies aloud.  She declared that all personal entertainment devices – like my portable CD player – are strictly forbidden on school grounds.  Failure to comply results in a day of detention and the electronic device would be confiscated until the end of the school year.  That seems too harsh.  Intentionally looking away from the front pocket of my backpack, I am already in policy violation.
Tray and I exchanged our class schedules.  Sadly, I realized that I wouldn’t see him very much throughout the day.  I was really disappointed.  It makes me feel better to see him during breaks.  Our classes are on opposite sides of the school though.  At least, our lunches overlap by fifteen minutes.
By the time our orientation was finished, the school day was almost over.  A student assistant was assigned to show us our lockers.  Sara giggled nervously any time she looked at my brother and completely ignored me.
I could almost see the wheels spinning in her head as she tried to plot some way to spend time alone with Tray.  She asked for my schedule – planning to ditch me, first and take him the long way to class.  That’s an excellent strategy.
Unfortunately, her plan has one big flaw.  My brother does not have afternoon classes.  He foiled Sara’s ingenious plot by asking her to just point him to the parking lot.  She wasn’t about to give up that easily.  Prepared to go beyond the call of duty, she walked him outside, intent on showing him the way.
“Thanks…I’ve got it from here…” Tray offered to his adoring fan before he turned to me.  “I’ll be waiting, Ember…”
Sara led me to my English class without speaking.  Evidently, she doesn’t find me nearly as captivating as my brother.  All eyes were riveted in my direction as we walked through the door together.  I was dressed just like many of the other students that were currently fixated on me.  But, I might as well have worn spiked leather pants and metal-studded stiletto heels for all the good my regionally appropriate outfit did me.
Guys pointed and whispered to each other.  They punched each other in the arm like they had suddenly realized a new conquest.  Most of the girls simply stared frostily in my direction – well, except the one girl who looked at me and snorted.  She quickly returned her gaze to her paper because that strange noise caught everyone’s attention.  The class erupted into laughter.
Although I am not the best judge of peer group behaviors, I’m certain that a snort can’t possibly mean anything good.  I felt more like an alien intruder than a new student, but I refuse to display weakness.
Mercifully, the only available desk was in the back of the classroom.  The teacher told the other students my name and motioned for me to take my seat.  Then, he continued with the lesson.  Only a few minutes of class was remaining, so he didn’t want to waste them on me.  That happily means I get a stay of execution on telling my two minute life history to this room full of unfriendly strangers until tomorrow.
The class was working on a piece of literature that I had already covered.  So I sat at my desk and tried to interpret the student’s reaction.  I tried my hand at reading body language and facial expressions because my brother isn’t here to interpret them for me.  That turned out to be a pointless endeavor since I stink at reading people.
I was grateful when the bell finally rang.  I gathered my things slowly and walked up to the teacher.  He asked about my last English class and I told him that they were slightly behind his material – my standard answer.
The students were still gathered outside the door.  They whispered and pointed in my direction.
I promised to let my English teacher know if I needed extra help with any of the assignments.  But, it turns out that school work wouldn’t be what I needed assistance with, at all…

Chapter Six

The next morning, I plastered a smile on my face and offered my boring introduction story.  The students’ reactions didn’t change.  When I told Tray about their crazy behaviors, he said that I’m being paranoid.  I wish I could just believe his assessment and not worry about it.  That is not going to happen.
After class ended, I gathered my notes and stuffed them into the front of my backpack.  I didn’t need them for anything in particular since I already knew the material.  However, teachers like to make examples out of kids that appear to not be paying attention and taking notes.
I couldn’t afford to have a repeat performance of the “disastrous-Harttown-Primary-School-incident” – as Tray so fondly refers to it now.  We had only been attending that school for a couple of weeks when the “incident” occurred.
I was seated in my classroom along with the other thirty students.  I’m sure I wasn’t the only child not paying attention during Language Arts that day.  However, I was the only kid that had captured the attention of the teacher, and not in a good way.  Mr. Baldwin slammed a book down on his desk, hard enough to startle the dead.  I jumped up from my seat and nearly smacked my knees in the process.  The other kids in the classroom snickered.  I returned to my seat, but he was still waiting on my answer.  It turned out that he had been calling my name repeatedly, but I had been lost in my own world.
“Ember Pateman, would you like to share with the class what you find so interesting outside of that window?” asked Mr. Baldwin as he leaned against his desk, casually.
He expected an answer, but I didn’t have one to give him.  I felt my face flush because I couldn’t think of anything to say.  The sad fact was that I didn’t know what was even outside of the window – I had been daydreaming.  I had hoped that he would eventually continue with the lesson if I looked sufficiently sorry.
He eventually figured out that I wasn’t prepared to answer him with anything more than a wide-eyed stare and a pitiful expression.
“You’re new here, so I’ll repeat my number one rule.  When I ask you a question, I expect a spoken answer and not a gesture or silence.  Do you understand?” the teacher asked me.
I nodded and the class laughed.
“I…I mean, yes, Mr. Baldwin.  I need to use my words,” I replied once I figured out what the problem was.
“Pay attention!” he exclaimed, annoyed.
I tried as hard as any fourth grader could, but my own universe was fascinating that day.  He called me down two more times.  The third time I failed to respond was obviously the final straw for Mr. Baldwin and his patience snapped.  I didn’t realize that he was even walking in my direction when suddenly my desk was being violently spun around with me still sitting in it.
My first reaction was to reach out and grab the closest thing I could find in order to keep from falling to the floor.  That thing turned out to be his arm, along with a very expensive wristwatch.  Although I didn’t actually touch the timepiece, I heard it crack.  It was almost like my energy had shattered it.
“Let go of me, this instant…” Mr. Baldwin shouted and I complied.
“I only grabbed you because you almost tossed me in the floor.  That scared me and it wasn’t very nice of you,” I stated, loudly.
“How could you do that??  That was my great grandfather’s Rolex you just broke, young lady…” he yelled back.
The entire class was watching him in shock.  I was waiting for him to say he was sorry for scaring me and shouting.  He did those things before I zapped his watch and broke it.  So he needs to say “sorry” and then, I’ll say I’m “sorry” too.  That’s how the world works and that’s exactly what I thought would occur.
I never did get that apology.  But, he did manage to get his temper back in check.
“Now, I have your full attention, right?” he asked.
Mr. Baldwin walked back to the front of the class when suddenly I realized I had a new problem.  He had left me facing the opposite side of the room.  I didn’t know what to do.
I was busy trying to decide if I should turn around in my seat or just stare at the wall.  So, I didn’t answer his question.  He resumed teaching, anyway.  At that point, I figured his first rule wasn’t very important, after all.
Every student in the classroom curiously stared at me instead of listening to him.  Wait a second…why isn’t he yelling at them for not paying attention to his lesson??  That’s totally unfair because that was what I had been doing when he so rudely shouted at me.
I tried to decide what to do about this crazy, unknown situation.  I really needed Mr. Baldwin to explain it.  He must have a reason and he needs to share…
“Ember Pateman!” the teacher shouted my name across the room, interrupting my thoughts.
His shouts startled me, even though I should have been used to it.  The class burst out laughing, again.
“Yes, Mr. Baldwin?  What can I do for you, now?” I replied in an irritated voice, just like he asked me to do.
“Obviously, I’m boring you.  Stand up and turn your desk around.  Let’s see if I can figure out a way to amuse you…” he remarked.
He was flipping through the pages of a big textbook.  I was still confused by his unfair behavior.  So, I held up my hand to ask a question, but he didn’t call on me.  After finding what he was looking for, he demanded that I spell a really long word.  I did what he wanted and kept my hand raised, but he gave me a new word to spell without giving me a turn.  This continued for another twenty words.  No matter how fast I spelled them, he wouldn’t let me ask my question.
With every correct spelling word, he seemed to get even angrier.  I waved my hand because I wanted to ask him something.  He grabbed another book, made a frustrated noise and ordered me to spell another word.
That’s really unfair.  He shouldn’t be angry.  The only one that should be mad is me because I haven’t had my turn!
Twenty five spelling words later, he didn’t want to play that game, anymore.
“Ember, I want you to stay in here when the others go out for recess.  I need you to do something else for me…” he said.
I was ticked off because I played his spelling bee game for a long time.  He wouldn’t let me ask him anything and I was going to miss recess too??  Grown up teachers don’t play with kids, anyway.  I decided right then that Mr. Baldwin was being a meanie.
My inattention that day caused me a multitude of problems.  It turns out he had originally been using the sixth grade textbook in order to “teach me a valuable lesson” – something I learned later from Tray.  After I spelled all the sixth grade words correctly, he had switched to the eighth grade English textbook.  When I spelled those words perfectly he thought he might be teaching his first child genius and was excited.
All the other students went to recess.  I was fuming, but I stayed seated at my desk.  I deserved an answer to my question too.
Maybe, he’ll give me a turn to ask if I just do what he wants without arguing.
He asked me to define all the words that I had spelled out, earlier.  So, I did it.  But, I couldn’t figure out why he wanted ‘me’ to teach ‘him’.  He should already know the definitions since he’s the teacher – duh.
He got bored with the definitions-game and asked me to diagram sentences.  At least, I understood why he wanted me to do that.  Writing words on different lines does look like artwork and this is Language Arts.  Once I finished my artwork, he escorted me down the hallway.  I was prepared to ask him my questions now, but I still wouldn’t get the chance.
The principal, vice principal, school counselor and a handful of other teachers filed into a conference room just to watch me draw Language Art sentences.  They were very pleased with my art skills because the math teacher also got in on the action.
She wrote an equation on the board and asked me to solve it.  I promptly wrote the answer underneath the equation and carefully circled it.  I raised my hand to ask her if she likes being a Math Arts teacher, but she ignored it like Mr. Baldwin had done.
This is ridiculous!  I have been playing their games, but they refuse to answer even one of my questions.
Ms. Tatum asked me if I could show her how I figured out my answer to her math problem.  I complied with her request and “taught” her how to do the equation.
How many more things do I have to teach these teachers, anyway?
I wasn’t sure why I needed to show my math artwork if I already knew the answer.  That didn’t make any sense.  The circle that I had drawn around the number looked perfect to me.  I decided I would just wait and ask Tray to explain this silly situation.  At least, he’ll answer my questions and not leave me hanging.
Everyone in that room stared at me with the strangest expression.  I finally realized that something was wrong.  I dropped the marker on the ground and ran to the closest chair available.  I curled up into a tight little ball and covered my eyes, hoping they would go away.
I didn’t know what bad thing was happening, but I didn’t want to make it any worse.  After a few minutes, I peeked around the room.  They all seemed to be waiting for something.  I had no idea what they were waiting for and it’s not like I could ask them.
Once they discovered I was finished playing, most of them exited the room.  The school counselor and the principal were the only two people remaining when the secretary walked in.
“Hi, little honey-pie – I need your phone number to call your mommy…” she declared.
I shook my head and didn’t say a word.  They weren’t going to get anything else from me.
Tray was as pale as a ghost when he walked in and saw me.  He knew I was ready to abandon this place and rush into his arms.  But he motioned for me to stay still.
I nodded and stayed hidden behind my knees.  The school counselor and the principal followed Tray back out into the hall without saying anything at all to him.  I couldn’t figure out why they didn’t ask him a bunch of questions like they did with me.
A few minutes later, he walked back in alone, picked me up and carried me out of Harttown Primary.
Tray has never revealed how he persuaded them to release me that morning without seeing our parents.
I learned a couple of valuable lessons that day.  First, it is always better to just accept detention rather than answer questions after a bout of daydreaming in class.  Secondly, I learned to never read through any of Tray’s textbooks for enjoyment purposes – no matter how much I wanted to.

Chapter Seven

The hallway was overcrowded with teenagers.  Staying close to the lockers as I walked to second period, I wanted to avoid being touched by anyone.  The warning bell rang and the masses scattered.  However, one small group of kids ignored it.
It is not unusual to see two or three kids ditching class together.  This class skipping crowd is nine strong.  They are evidently not worried about getting busted either.  They weren’t even looking around as they headed back down to the boiler room in the basement.
Suspense overwhelmed me.  I decided to follow them and find out what’s so interesting.
An unsettling feeling crept through my spirit before I even touched the first step.  It feels like impending trouble.
Still determined to follow them, I tried to ignore the eerie premonition.  The shadowy feeling refused to be dismissed.  Suddenly, I was chilled to the bone.  The icy ravage forced me to stop in my tracks.  I had on four warm layers of clothes and a hooded sweatshirt, but layers didn’t help.  My new Arctic reality was radiating from inside my spirit.
This is a golden opportunity.  I’m not about to let it pass by.
“I can and will ignore your tantrum!  I’m gonna do what I want…” I thought insanely to my body.
A hideous wave of sickness overtook me and I doubled over, fighting back the nausea.  It finally struck me that my physical reaction must be a warning sign.  The unmistakable feeling of doom surrounded me…something bad will happen if I ignore it.
The compulsion to go down to the basement remained the same.  But, I have no way to alleviate it.
Once I decided to stay away from the basement (and those ditching kids), the nausea vanished.  But, the aftertaste of vomit remained – yuck.
I carry a toothbrush and toothpaste in my backpack.  So, I ran to the nearest girl’s room to brush my teeth.
The teacher hardly glanced at me when I walked into class fifteen minutes late.  Although I was determined to focus on the lesson, my wandering mind had other ideas.
Could my sickness in the hallway be some type of infection from my cuts, instead of a warning??  Horror consumed me as I continued my morbid mental odyssey.  My stomach nervously rolled over as I journeyed into the world of limb amputation.  Eventually, I would persuade myself that I’m likely making something out of nothing…well almost.
Tray needed to leave early to look for a job.  We headed to the parking lot and he tried to convince me to leave with him.  He always gets nervous when he has to leave me alone in public.  But, he is especially jumpy today.  Half of my lunch period had elapsed before I finally managed to convince him that I will be fine staying.
The shadows started to gather when I walked back towards the building.  Nothing sinister was visible, but I still feel darkness all around.  My paranoia is starting to get the better of me…
Laughing off my impending mental problems, I decided to get to my history class early.  My thoughts were occupied when I painfully “stumbled” into the library, face-first-collision style – ouch.
Might as well check out more than just the heavy wooden door, since I am already here…and I have a few minutes to kill.
All libraries are appealing to me.  People don’t expect conversation.  And, the seats are spaced at a comfortable distance apart.  That means very little risk of being touched by a stranger.
The librarian gave me a strange smile as she peered at me.  Her perplexed stare lingered perhaps a second more than it should have.  Then, it occurred to me why she was subtly gawking.  I am the only student in the whole library.
I found two intriguing books and then, made the mistake of sitting in the chair closest to the large window.  It was still warm outside, so it was open.  My only intention was to read until the warning bell sounded.
A gentle breeze rustled the pages, averting my attention.  The trees swayed in the wind.  My thoughts returned to my free-flight odyssey in the woods.  I couldn’t decide whether the fantastic journey was a dream or just a few moments of pure, wonderful madness.  Rolling up my sleeves, I traced the scars on my forearms.  They are a deep shade of purple.
My mind wandered while the wind brushed by me.  I was mesmerized until I heard the bell ring.  Suddenly, I was back to reality.  But, as I gathered up my belongings, something felt odd…like the world is out of place.
I gazed out the window and realized the shadows are all wrong.  Had the sun repositioned itself in the few minutes I’ve been daydreaming??
Seconds later, I found a clock and discovered the problem.  It is 3:05…wait…that means the school day is over!
Somehow, I missed my afternoon classes.  Did I just daydream an afternoon away?  There is no way I just sat immobile for three hours!
Where have I been????  It feels like I went…somewhere, but my mind drew a blank.
Then suddenly, I remembered Tray.  I ran down the breezeway, dodging students and almost ran into my brother.
First, I miss seeing doors and now, I can’t see my gigantic brother???
“You had me worried, Little Girl.  What’s up?” Tray asked me suspiciously as we drove home.
“I sorta got lost…I didn’t know where I was…” I replied, cryptically.
My response didn’t actually answer his question.  So, he rephrased his inquiry a few more times, but in different ways.  I repeated what I had already told him.  He eventually dropped the subject.  Either, I convinced him that everything’s fine or he realizes I am not ready to discuss it.
Leaning back, I concentrated hard.  My afternoon activities continued to elude me.  I remember sitting down to read at lunch and the final bell of the day ringing.
Although I have lost time to my mental distractions, I have never lost hours to outright amnesia.  I must have a case of some type of sudden on-set mental illness.  That is the only explanation for my entire-afternoon-fog-out-episode…
Thankfully, I stopped myself from asking Tray if psychosis runs in our family.  A question like that doesn’t exactly lead to a casual, one word answer – especially from my anxious parent/brother.
“I’ve got a lead on a job.  Don’t…” Tray said when he dropped me off, preparing to list the house rules for me.
“I know all the “don’ts”.  I’ll be fine…see ya’ in a bit,” I interrupted him, smiling.
I spent the remainder of the afternoon locked inside the house, trying to force my memory to cooperate with me.  The mental fog refused to lift.
It must be the clean mountain air, playing a trick on my mind.  That was the best, least pathetic, excuse I could come up with.
That weak internal argument simply wasn’t going to cut it.  Clean mountain air does not cause amnesia.  In fact, it should do quite the opposite.
My mind has been turned into Swiss cheese without any type of warning.  The more I struggled to remember my afternoon at school, the less I could actually recall.  It was an insane phenomenon, but that’s the way it seems to be working out.
By the time Tray returned, I was no closer to a solution.  I had been uselessly obsessing for hours.  Waving my hand in the air to dismiss my thoughts, I decided to worry about it later.
This is becoming a nasty habit – never figuring out anything and saving up my worries.  Still, I can’t seem to stop it from happening.
“Any luck finding a job…” I inquired with interest as I stepped out onto the back porch to see my brother.
“Yeah, I’m starting tomorrow…” Tray responded with a sheepish grin.
After he washed up, we sat down to dinner and he told me all about his new job.
“The name of the business is Sunridge Automotive.  I’m gonna write down the phone number to the garage in your backpack, notebook, put it under the magnet on the fridge and put a copy in your bedroom nightstand drawer…” my brother continued to list out all the places I could find it.
Tray has a phone number ritual that he feels compelled to follow.  He is terrified that I will lose his contact information.  I will have to purchase a new backpack when we move again because my current one will be out of space, once this number is added.
“I know…you’ll post the number in every location imaginable.  Now, tell me more about your job…” I requested.
“Rave Jansen is the owner’s name.  He’s cool with me working flexible afternoon hours.  He didn’t ask for a demonstration of my mechanical skills or for any references, either.  I start tomorrow afternoon.  Well, that was my decision.  He actually said I could begin whenever it was convenient for me.  I’ve never had such an accommodating boss.  So, it made me kinda suspicious.  I’m not used to people being nice, without having some ulterior motive.
“Oh yeah, the shop’s beside his house.  He must have a few hundred acres.  His property’s surrounded by the National Forest and I didn’t see any neighbors.  He asked me if I minded working alone, occasionally because he wouldn’t always be there to help me.  You know my feelings on that subject.  This job seems almost too perfect.  Sure hope it turns out that way…
“Rave also said that I could work on our station wagon too.  I just have to pay for the parts and work on it during my off time…” Tray stated before he took a breath.
“It does sound ideal,” I agreed.
Tray seems genuinely pleased and I was thrilled for him.  I have never seen him get this excited over any job.
My brother has worked on our old car, for as long as I can remember.  That’s a tremendous feat too, since it seems to constantly require something new to keep operating.  He is a very skilled mechanic.  I wonder who taught him about cars…
He had resumed his story and I didn’t want to interrupt him to ask.  So, I did something rare and tabled my curiosity and happily listened.
Normally, it takes Tray a few days to find a job after we relocate.  During that time, I worry.  Will he find a position he likes?  Will they pay him a fair wage?  And, my concerns were compounded when we moved here.
I truly thought my brother would have trouble getting a job in a small town.  I had assumed that people in this area would be wary of strangers and not very willing to hire someone they didn’t know.  Tray’s happiness over his new job (and apparently accommodating boss) made me realize that I had misjudged this situation.
So, not only do I stink at reading people on an individual basis, I also stink at reading entire communities, too.  Oh well, at least I recognize my flaw.
After dinner Tray went into the living room and leaned back in the recliner to relax.  I cleared the table and washed the dishes.  This is our normal evening routine.  It won’t likely change anytime soon, either.
I will turn sixteen on February 15th.  I had single-handedly decided I could get a job, then and assist Tray with the bills.  We were still living in Chicago when I made that ‘I’m getting a job to help you financially’ announcement to him.
He didn’t even pause when he replied, “…that’s not gonna happen”.  He didn’t provide me with any accompanying explanation.  I pestered Tray relentlessly until he finally gave in.
“You know I hate cleaning…cooking…laundry…” he had offered in frustration.
“But, I can work and do household junk too.  I’m capable…” I had tried to persuade him, but he put his finger to my lips to silence me.
“Listen up, Little Girl, you keep our home running and you’re gonna let me take care of our finances.  Think of it as a gypsy-thing if you want to…but, that’s the way it’s gonna be…”
The debate was over.  Nothing I could have said that day would have changed his mind.
I never thought I would be happy, being on the losing end of an argument.  My latest adventures into the ‘psychotic-world-of-Ember-insanity’ made me appreciate my defeat.  Given my current, random amnesia-disease, I would have likely been fired the first day anyway.
I’m terrified that I’m losing my mind…
My thoughts next wandered to how I might explain my ‘no show’ to my afternoon teachers, tomorrow.  I worried about what excuse I could offer them all night long.
As it happens, I had worried myself sleepless, for no apparent reason.  My teachers didn’t even mention it.
I intentionally avoided the library for the remainder of the week, although I really needed to research mental illnesses.  Nothing like a little self-diagnosis to put a girl’s mind at ease…
My self-imposed library restriction placed a severe limitation on my entertainment choices.  In an effort to remain trouble-free until I lifted my ban, I had to work on a creative solution.  I discovered a sneaky way to bring my portable disc player to school.
I cut a hole inside the kangaroo pocket of a hooded sweatshirt.  That’s where I would hide the device.  The cord for my ear buds would be hidden underneath the sweatshirt.  The actual ear buds could be tucked inside the hood when not in use.
My hood has to remain up if I am listening to music, but that is the only drawback to the plan.  I received some bizarre looks the first time I used my stealthy technique.  Most people don’t wear hoods inside a heated building, after all.  And, it isn’t much of a fashion statement.  But, I’m not out to impress anyone.  So, as usual, I would choose function over fashion.
The following day, Tray rushed into the cafeteria after I arrived.
“Hey…” he said, breathlessly.
“Did you run all the way here?” I asked.
“Yeah, I almost forgot about the big Mustang job that I’ve gotta get finished,” Tray informed me.
Next, he detailed all the mechanical work he still needs to get accomplished.  I suppose I should have understood some of what he was saying.  I have been around him and his mechanic-speak my whole life.  Sadly though, he could have been quacking and it would have made more sense.  He knows I don’t understand him, but he still feels compelled to share it.
“The lady’s coming to pick it up today right after she gets off work.  I just signed out in the office, that’s where I ran from.  I’m headed to Sunridge.  Hopefully, I can get the job finished early.  I’ll do my best to get back here to pick you up on time.  Will you be okay?” Tray asked with concern.
“Stop worrying.  I’ll just go to the library and read if you’re not here by 3:15.  I usually sit near the back somewhere, but not anywhere near the windows.  I’ll stay outta trouble, promise….” I said with a smile.
“Sweet!  I’ll shoot for three.  You’ve got my number if you need me.  I’m gonna hold you to that promise.  Please, be careful and pay attention to where you’re going.  Love you, Little Girl…see ya’ later…”
He swiped my carton of milk and rubbed my head, playfully with the other hand.  I ducked, trying to avoid this occurrence.  It was a useless attempt because he is so much faster than me.  I hate having my head rubbed like a puppy and he knows that.
Tray waved over his shoulder as he walked away.  I didn’t have to see his face to know that he was laughing.  At least, I had my hood up when he decided to pet me.  I started snickering too as I resigned myself to the inevitable.  He is so annoyingly funny sometimes.
I didn’t have a reason to stay in the noisy cafeteria.  So I pulled up my hood and slipped in one ear bud.  The library was currently off limits, but the rest of the campus was just waiting to be explored.
  Already lost inside my own world of thoughts, I was only a few feet from the door when I heard a loud crash.  Everyone in the cafeteria burst out laughing.  The echo was unbearably loud.  I couldn’t even hear my music over it.
I quickly discovered what was so hilarious.  The source of the day’s comedy-fest was a boy covered in spaghetti sauce.  It turned out to be a lunchtime joke at the expense of another human being and something I never find funny.
The sauce covered boy wasn’t the only recipient of this bad joke either.  A girl wearing a bright pink shirt had the misfortune of walking in the same vicinity.  The boy’s plate had somehow managed to land upside down on her head.  She had spaghetti noodles dangling from her hair.
Then, to add insult to injury, both the guy and the girl bent over at the same time to retrieve their belongings.  They ceremoniously bumped their heads together and I flinched for them.  This sent another inappropriate wave of hilarity throughout the crowd.
Why are kids so cruel and act so ridiculously stupid?
I wish that I could say that this cafeteria-spaghetti-prank was an isolated incident or that the kids who perpetrated it are some new kind of degenerates.  Sadly though, I had experienced similar lunchroom scenes at practically every school I had ever attended.  It was always the same kind of kids that perpetrated this type of stunt – popular and/or entitled.  I didn’t even have to see the ‘cafeteria delinquents’ to know exactly what they looked like.
As always, it was the same type of kids who get cast to play the victims of the prank.  I noticed that the sauce coated guy was wearing a dress shirt with a pocket and a pair of pleated dress pants.  He looks more like a ‘wanna-be’ college professor than a high school student – a nerd.
Maybe he is competing in a formal debate, today??
I sincerely hope those clothes are not his usual daily attire.  If it is his normal outfit, this will definitely not be the last prank he will experience.
The noodle covered girl was dressed in a sloppy, oversized t-shirt and ill-fitting jeans.  It looked like she had not brushed her hair since school started either.  The strands of noodles were tangled in her tangles.  The chosen victims were certainly easy targets for the cafeteria delinquents.
The lunchroom door opened behind me.  The students who were just entering stared in wide eyed fascination at the scene they had just walked in on.  They promptly joined in the laughter.
Humiliating another human being is never funny, but most of the kids who are laughing in the lunchroom don’t find any real comedy in this scene.  They are only doing it because they don’t want the pack to turn on them next.  So, they are basically obligated to join in.  As strange as that might be, this is school days cafeteria crowd survival – like it or not.  No one wants to be the next target.
That’s what I was thinking when something amazing dawned on me.  I have managed to somehow avoid the usual new-freshman-kid trauma at this school…well, so far I have.  That’s only a matter of time.  I sincerely hope my own new freshman kid on campus prank will not involve tomato sauce.  The clothes will have to be trashed.  The sauce could stain my skin or my hair.  I swiftly added ‘anything with marinara or barbeque sauce’ to my “Foods to Avoid at School” list, just in case.
Ridiculous, juvenile pranks like this one occur on a weekly basis.  I’ve seen this stupidity so many times before I thought I had become immune to them.  I didn’t believe it would even register on my, potentially ticked off, scale.  That assumption I made about myself ended up being just plain wrong.
The crowd shifted and it was just as I suspected.  Seven good looking, seemingly popular guys were all laughing and punching each other in the arm.  They appeared to be upperclassmen.  The two victims were still scrounging around on the ground, trying to collect their personal items from the mess.
I took a closer look at the perpetrators because something about them seemed unusual.  Then, it finally hit me.  They were all wearing various shades of black clothes.
“That’s actually appropriate – your clothes match your dark hearts…” I thought to myself.
As new spectators joined in the hilarity, I saw a group of girls standing in a tight circle behind the black hearted boys.  They had to be part of the same group because they were red-faced from giggling.  The girls looked at them approvingly – like this scene was orchestrated for their personal entertainment.
By the time the cafeteria staff pushed their way through the crowd, the dark hearted guys were seated at their tables, looking innocent.  No more high-fives or congratulatory punches, they were suddenly the picture of cool disinterest.  The females continued to snicker and point.  Their behavior set me off into a whole new level of anger.
The chilly wind swept across the lunchroom from outside.  Strangely, this added fuel to the building rage inside of me.  My music vibrated through my body and reacted to my rising fury.  My blood boiled and thundered through my veins.
My internal temperature soared as I realized that the guys were going to get away with their horrible offense without any repercussions.  Hotter and hotter – my rage assaulted me and colored my vision a hazy shade of crimson.  A red-hot energy radiated from my body.
I had turned into an ‘Ember-volcano’ from the resulting wrath.  The pounding in my head was excruciating.  My blood pressure was near the critical level.  Breathing in shallow heated pants, I knew I was going to internally erupt at any second!
Then, inexplicably my vision returned to normal and my body temperature plunged back down to normal.  These things happened, fast and without any warning.  The red-hot energy field that had surrounded me simply disappeared…
Stunned and immobile, my skin shimmered from sweat.  I was shivering…now…a dormant volcano.
I am not entirely sure what cosmic source intervened to stabilize me.  But, I was certainly thankful for its assistance.  Otherwise, I would have erupted like an active volcano.  If that had happened, everyone in the lunchroom would have witnessed the explosion.  Then, they would have had a brand new scene to stare and point at.
Yanking my hood over most of my face so I couldn’t see anything else, I blindly ran outside.  My planned campus wandering adventure was obviously cancelled.  I tried to sort through the madness and figure out what happened as my body temperature continued to fluctuate.  It would swing insanely between fiery hot and frigid cold.  The best I could figure is that I almost had a full blown psychotic episode in a very crowded cafeteria!
Wait…what happens if someone tries to pull a prank on me, right now…the explosion of the century!
I frantically rushed to the closest bathroom, in order to separate myself from the masses.  Other girls were using the facilities, so I hid out in a stall.  I slipped my hood off while I waited and that’s when I felt something…odd.  The skin on my face feels superheated and I reflexively jerked my hand away.
I almost started laughing…talk about an overreaction!  My imagination is clearly taking over my common sense…or, is it??
My face didn’t feel like it had been injured.  I wasn’t in any type of pain.  Still, I was too scared to touch it, again – no matter how ridiculous the fear was.  In fact, my heart was threatening to pound out of my chest as I anxiously waited.
The other girls finally exited.  Building up my courage, I tentatively walked over to the mirror.  I braced myself and looked at my reflection.  Then, I gasped in shock.
My face appeared to be sunburnt – courtesy of my crazy volcanic episode.  It wasn’t just in my mind…

Chapter Eight

Tray couldn’t rescue me right now for a couple of reasons.  He has that big repair job he has to finish.  Plus, if he sees my face like this, he’ll outright panic.  It looks painful – even though, it isn’t.  But, it would take hours to calm him down enough to make him believe me.  So I paced around and tried to figure out what to do about this insane situation.
My arms aren’t even healed from my last psychotic episode and now, this lunacy happens…
I sincerely hope my painless, glowing, unreal sunburn will fade before he picks me up.  I don’t have any explanation to give him for how it happened.  That means he’ll likely pack us up and we’ll be on the move again.
I don’t want to leave here, so soon – or ever…
There’s something about the forest.  It still calls to me.  My sacred tree holds…my secret.
Footsteps in the hallway pulled me back to the present.  I covered my face with my hood and went to find a place to hide.
I can’t explain how I got sunburnt in the cafeteria and on a cold, rainy day.  Wandering around outside is also off the table.  I don’t have any dry clothes with me.
Then, as luck would have it, a loose vent cover protruding from the baseboard captured my attention.  The air-duct looks large enough for me to crawl inside.
After making sure the coast was clear, I lifted up the dangling cover and shoved my backpack in as far as it would go.  The vent cover closed as I wiggled into the dirty, dark and narrow passage.  It was filthy, but it was also a perfect place to hide.
Trying with all my might to forget about my cleanliness obsession, I kept on crawling until I reached a branch in the duct work.  I maneuvered until I was facing outward.  Then, I felt around the tightly packed contents of my backpack searching for my book light.
Holding my breath, I flipped it on…revealing the horrible truth.  I’m grimy from head to toe.  I hate being dirty.  I quickly pointed the light in a new direction and continued taking deep breaths until I regained my composure.
I retrieved a book, a bottle of water and a couple of snacks.  Tray had taught me to be prepared.  Boredom always leads directly to big time trouble in my case.  Although my music was still playing, I kept the volume turned down afraid I might accidentally miss a sounding fire alarm.  I was set for the remainder of the school day, safely tucked away from the world.
Occasionally, I would touch my cheeks with my fingers and note my skin temperature.  It felt like it was cooling down…or, it might just be my wishful thinking.  I didn’t have a mirror, so I had no real way to check.
The bell sounded to dismiss my history class.  Suddenly, I had an intriguing idea – a rare opportunity was about to present itself.  I rapidly crawled back to the opening.  I could watch the scene undetected like a hidden anthropologist.  I’m a girl obsessed to secretly observe the masses.
The crowd was already on the move.  They pushed between each other and tried to socialize before their next class started.  Everyone was oblivious to my existence and I found the whole secretive experience thrilling.  I watched with captivated interest.
It was exciting to be hidden in the shadows, but be this close to the action at the same time.  Well, I saw a few things I could have lived without seeing.  I witnessed a boy pick his nose and wipe it on another person’s locker as a joke.  And the average person would be amazed to discover just how many people pull wedgies and tug on wayward bra straps when they think no one is paying attention.
Note to self – you’re always being watched.  Behave, accordingly…
Observing my own culture without having to take part in it is exhilarating.
I moved both ‘Private Investigator’ and ‘Anthropologist’ to the top of my “Careers to Have before I Die” list…
Then, another interesting thought occurred to me.  A ventilation shaft – new high school investigation would be so much more successful than just taking notes from a parked car.  I could discover the various cliques and which kids to avoid in order to remain, prank-free.  Maybe, I can even find a potential girlfriend for my brother.  I considered how I could convince Tray to let me perform my investigation at our next, new school.  Given my current onset of psychosis, that new academic environment will probably be a reality sooner, rather than later.
A very lengthy argument would definitely be involved and I would likely end up losing.  First, Tray would be terrified that I would get caught by some administrator.  Hidden, unknown girl inside an airshaft would likely prompt a call to the cops.  Second, I would have to spy on the masses alone.
That is one fact he had no way to dispute.  I barely had enough room to wiggle into this ventilation shaft.  My brother would be able to fit less than one arm into my hiding space before the laws of physics would stop him.
The warning bell for the next class period echoed strangely inside my fabricated tunnel.  The hallway started to empty.  I decided to continue my investigation between every class change.  I was already wiggling backwards to read my book when I saw ‘him’.  Well, it was only ‘half of him’ because the lockers were partially obscuring my view.
“You have the necessary items, right?” the half-a-boy whispered to someone else who was still out of my view.
“Yes!  Please, stop harassing me.  I certainly do not require a constant reminder from you or anyone,” the unseen girl softly replied in an annoyed tone.
Two sets of feet shuffled down the hallway and both kids came into my view.  They were members of the “dark clique” – my new chosen, covert name for the black-hearted kids in the cafeteria.  I didn’t recognize either of their faces from the incident, today.  That must mean they have a different lunch period.  But, I knew they were a part of the dark clique.  The guy was dressed just like one and she was obviously with him.
He is an average-sized, handsome guy with brown hair and dark green eyes.  She is an exceptionally pretty brunette with delicate facial features.  Her hair has honey-colored highlights that compliment her light blue eyes.
The dark clique duet walked by me at a respectable distance between each other.  She gave off a cool air of aggravation.  Given her body language and the sharp tone she’s using, I highly doubt they are a couple…but, they should be.
The girl was dressed in what looked like expensive, fashionable clothes.  She must be carrying the items he was talking about in her stylish backpack.  I couldn’t see anything in her hand from my awkward vantage point near the floor.
They were swiftly leaving my view and they weren’t talking anymore.  My curiosity battled ferociously with my common sense.  I was wiggling around in anticipation because I desperately wanted to follow them.  Getting caught was a real danger, though because the final bell had already sounded.  Also, my own backpack was still currently located at the juncture in the venting system.  I couldn’t reach it from here.  So if I do get caught ditching class and escorted to the office, I have no way to retrieve it…decisions – decisions.
My overwhelming curiosity finally won out over the safe, logical choice, like always.  I will just figure something out, if I get caught.  I might not have another chance to see where the dark clique couple is going with their secret items.  It is very possible that they won’t even walk back by my location.  Then, I will never know and that just can’t happen!
That ‘Ember-rationalization’ was sufficient enough for me to act on the impulse.  I slid out of my hiding place and into the hallway.  The coast was clear.  So, I pulled my hood around my face like any good spy should.  I had made it out, just in time, to see the dark clique couple head down toward the basement.
What on earth is going on down there, anyway??
The obsession to discover the big-basement-appeal-factor overwhelmed me as they disappeared into the darkness.  Nothing will stop me this time.  I am going down those stairs and find out what they’re up to…
In stealth mode, I started to pursue them.  But, my master spy plan didn’t account for something critical.  Luck or a well-laid plan is required to successfully spy.  I had no plan at all and luck wasn’t going to grant me any favors either.
The unmistakable sound of adult voices, echoed down the hallway.  No stealthy guesswork would be involved because the click of high heels on tiled flooring was a dead give-away.  The footsteps were approaching from the opposite direction of the basement…I’m trapped!
I don’t have enough time to wiggle back inside the vent shaft or enough time to run to the basement staircase, either.  Both of those potential escape routes will get me caught.  So, I made a blind, mad dash towards my only available option and ran through the door without thinking.  I would have sighed in relief, but then, I realized where I landed – it turned out to be the boy’s bathroom.
A partial wall is the only obstruction between me, the urinals and who knows how many guys, doing whatever it is they do in the restroom.  I was stuck in a monumental quandary of epic proportions.  Panic shook through me as I stood immobile.
The adult voices are getting closer and one is definitely, male – oh no way, this can’t be happening!  Then suddenly, I remembered something critical and horrible too.  This bathroom is the closest one to the administrative offices.  So that male voice could belong to the principal!
That’ll likely be the case because this is ME caught in this boy’s restroom and that is exactly how my life works…
There’s nowhere to hide right inside the doorway, either.  The trashcan is attached to the wall – diving into garbage is out.  I didn’t know whether to be thankful or disappointed…
Next, I considered hiding behind the door itself.  But, there is no doorstop.  So the actual door will slam into me when he opens it…
Then, as if I need something else to go wrong, I heard a few guys shushing each other beyond the wall, too.  The risk was too great to run around the partial wall to hide.  I’ll have a full view of the urinals.  I will keel over if I see some guy – half-naked.
Tray has never even allowed me to take a single sex education class.  So, I know nothing about male anatomy.  Even if I somehow miraculously lived through the trauma of that situation – whoever I witness will expect something in return for their silence.
I assume only easy girls go trolling around in boy’s bathrooms.
The same problems exist, trying to hide out in a stall.  They might be in use.  That is certain death because there is no surviving it!
Out of options, I crouched in the corner and waited for fate to take its course.  My back was pressed against the wall.  I wrapped my arms around my knees and held my breath in anticipation.
The bathroom door is opening.  I really want to close my eyes, but that’s the coward’s way out.  If I’m gonna be cold busted inside this boy’s restroom then, I might as well meet my destiny head on like a real lady.
HUH???  I’m insane!
The vice principal held the door open, about halfway.  One foot was inside the restroom and the other one was outside in the hallway.  He continued to chat for a second with the female who had been walking with him.
As soon as he steps all the way inside – I’m definitely going to be caught…
“Boys, you’re tardy…  Lawrence, I thought we’d already covered this ‘ground’ yesterday during detention – I guess you need a refresher course.” 
The aggravated vice principal remarked loudly without coming in.  He shifted his stance and his pant leg almost brushed against the edge of my knees.  I had to fight the insane urge to jump up and run away.  I hate being touched by strangers and that includes their clothing.
Four guys made a mad dash for freedom between him and the threshold.  They were in such a frenzied hurry that they didn’t even notice me crouching on the floor.  A paper towel had sailed in my direction during their escape attempt.  It had landed near my foot, but I couldn’t move it away without getting caught.
“Might as well, turn around and head to my office.  I’ve already seen who you are.  You’re all getting detention one way or the other…” he leaned out of the restroom and stated to the escapees with authority.
The last boy, who I assumed was Lawrence, walked around from the stalls.  He had his hands stuffed in his pockets and pretended like he didn’t care about getting busted.  He rolled his eyes and appeared to scan the ceiling with interest.  Then, he looked down to find something more interesting…look at the ceiling, ditching-Lawrence!
My heart was pounding so hard, I figured they could both hear it.  Lawrence’s gaze stopped on the wayward paper towel.  He seemed to be looking right at me, but he didn’t react to my presence.  The vice principal continued to reprimand him.
Feeling dizzy, I struggled to keep holding my breath.  Then, something terrible happened and suddenly lack of oxygen was the least of my problems.  Lawrence bent over to pick up the paper towel – trying to delay the inevitable.
Aw, I’m so busted!
“No, sir…move it!” Vice Principal Sterins commanded and simultaneously, saved my skin in the process.
Lawrence huffed, but he followed his instruction.  He slowly stepped into the hall and headed toward the office.
“I’m sick of your constant discipline problems.  This is your third offense in the past two weeks.  I’m calling your parents…” his voice faded down the hall.
I waited for, what felt like, an eternity before I rushed to my vent.  I was shivering all over from anxiety by the time I crawled back to safety.  It turns out I’m a lucky person, after all.  The vice principal knew who he expected to see in that boy’s restroom – otherwise, Lawrence would have been off the hook.
Very female girl hiding in the boy’s restroom, trumps guy ditching class any day of the week…
The laughter started softly, but I could feel it building.  My hands were filthy, so I used the inside of my shirt sleeve to muffle it.  Tears were streaming down my cheeks before I finally stopped laughing.
I realized a surprising fact when I finally got control of myself.  That was the most fun I have had in a long time.  I am not stupid enough to ever do it again, but nonetheless, it was very exhilarating.
I’m not accustomed to sneaking around or even having to, for that matter.  Tray typically allows me to do whatever I want to do, as long as I’m not in any danger.  So, that was my first expedition into sneaking around and the unthinkable happened.  I never thought that I would end up trapped inside the boy’s restroom the first time I ever tried my hand at it.  That has to be some kind of world record!
The last class of the day ended and I was still hidden, deep in the shadows of the ventilation system.  I climbed to the opening and waited for an opportunity to exit undetected.  I needed to use the restroom urgently, but I had already tempted fate and won.  I wouldn’t get that fortunate twice in one day.  I counted to five hundred before I escaped and ran to the girl’s restroom.  As I washed my hands and arms, I noticed that my previously sunburnt face still looked red – not the angry, blistered crimson from earlier, but a bright, rosy pink.
Maybe, I can blame the wind.
I didn’t see our car anywhere when I finally rushed outside.  Tray is running late and I breathed a sigh of relief.  He would have been hysterical if he couldn’t locate me.  I decided to just wait on him in the hallway.
My first massive mistake was thinking that I could sit, patiently without getting into any trouble – I really should know myself better than that.  I didn’t have anything left to do to keep me occupied.
I couldn’t risk listening to my CD player because it could easily get confiscated.  The policy states no electronic entertainment devices are allowed on school grounds.  My snacks and water are all gone.  So, I have nothing left to keep me out of trouble.
My second mistake was convincing myself that I could walk down the hallway just to stretch my legs and come right back.  My little “stretch” took me all the way to the basement staircase that was striped with bright yellow caution tape on the floor.
The sign indicated only authorized personnel are allowed entrance.  I decided that I was authorized because I’m new to this school.  That means I have an undeniable right to check out every square inch of the campus.  I also might need a fallout shelter since the rogue winds in North Carolina rival those of a hurricane.  In my estimation, both were the perfect ‘Ember-rationalizations’.
The steps lead directly to the dark clique lair and that’s where I intend to explore.  They hold their group ditching sessions in the only room at the bottom of this dimly lit staircase.  An adventure of a lifetime, awaits…I feel quite sure.
Well, it could turn out to be nothing, but a boiler room and a pack of cigarettes that draws them all down to it.  Or, it might very well contain a portal to the fifth level of the dark clique dimension – my mind raced, accordingly.
I just have to find out what is so interesting.  Continuing to rationalize my decision, I approached my goal and my shrouded destiny.  I’m suddenly a girl possessed to see a celestial type portal to another dimension and unlock its secret entrance.  Or, I will destroy some nasty cigarettes – whichever the case might be.
The metal fire door opened easily enough.  I didn’t hear any voices or sounds coming from inside.  The dark clique must have already abandoned their secret lair until tomorrow.
Even knowing I’m alone, I still feel a bizarre…presence…something’s down here with me…a spirit…
 I felt both drawn to and afraid of whatever was lurking inside the darkness.  I almost decided to run away until a small flicker of light caught my attention.
The sliver of unearthly light seemed to grow and then, fade.  As it continued to flicker, the light seemed to call me to come inside and I obeyed.  I tried to flip the light switch on, but nothing happened.  Then, I noticed pieces of a broken light bulb littering the ground.  I looked at the socket and saw that the wires were still dangling from it.  Somehow, the light bulb had exploded. An energy surge was the only explanation that made any real sense.
After further investigation, it appeared that every lightbulb had been shattered.  The basement didn’t have any windows.  When the door closes, I will be surrounded by darkness.  My book light is still in my backpack by the front doors of the school – curses.  I need that light to see because I desperately want to explore their lair and discover their dark clique secrets.
Then, a brilliant solution occurred to me.  I quickly slipped off my shoes and used them as a wedge to prop open the heavy metal door.  My small shoes shifted from the weight as it closed.  But, they did manage to hold the door open just enough to slightly illuminate the dark room.
The dark clique lair is mine to explore.  I shuffled my feet as I slowly made my way toward the flickering light.  Without my shoes, I need to be very careful.  Shattered lightbulbs are everywhere.
Inching closer, I discovered a narrow, cylindrical light stick.  It was similar to those safety wands that children carry when they go out trick-or-treating on Halloween.  Obviously, the light was getting ready to die.  I was actually disappointed.  It had turned out to be an ordinary light instead of some type of secret dark clique spyware.
I reached down to retrieve the light stick so I could use it.  But as my hand drew closer to the light, it illuminated like a miniature sun.  I automatically jerked my hand away from it and almost fell backwards.  The light dimmed again as my hand moved away.
Now, I really am overreacting…there’s nothing scary about a blinking light stick.
Laughing to myself, I reached back down and the light illuminated with an unearthly glow.  I was fascinated by this strange occurrence.  So, I continued to conduct my experiment a few more times and watched as the light grew brighter and brighter.  By the time I stopped, the room was well-lit and filled with eerie, multi-colored shadows.
The incredible, blinding light stick was interesting, but the illumination revealed something more intriguing.  A perfect, red circle had been drawn on the concrete floor.  It looks like it was drawn in blood…a circle of dried blood??  Even the thought of that flipped me out.  So, I decided to explore the rest of the basement.  I’m not about to go anywhere near dried bodily fluids – yuck!
It turns out that every light bulb in the entire basement had been shattered.  That had to be one strong surge of power
Although I tried to ignore that bloody red circle, I felt morbidly drawn to it.  My overwhelming curiosity would eventually, win out for the second time today.  No surprise to that revelation…
Finally surrendering to the compulsion, I walked over to it again to check it out.  I already need an hour-long shower tonight…what’s another few hours???
The light stick was still illuminated, brightly.  So, I picked it up and held it out in front of me like it has the power to kill germs – especially, one’s that live in dried blood.  I apprehensively crouched down and took a closer look at the red substance.  Relieved, I discovered it was only paint.  The lines of the circle were flawless and I didn’t see any type of outline, either.  Whoever painted it has some serious skills as an artist.  Or, maybe they used something to trace it…
One candle was located inside the middle of the circle.  The wax had dripped to the floor, resulting in a solidified puddle.  Three beautiful purple goblets with shimmering silver scrollwork and sparkling diamonds were placed around the edges of the circle.  The goblets around the ring formed a triangle.  It felt wrong to step inside the circle.  So, I walked along the perimeter to look into the goblets.
The first one held rich, black soil.  It could have been taken from a garden or potted plant.  The second goblet was partially filled with blue colored liquid.  I lifted the goblet to smell it because I thought it might contain liquor.  It was odorless, so I assumed it was colored water.  The third purple goblet held the top sprigs of dandelions – those wisps that children blow off and they scatter into the wind.
The sprigs looked fresh, as if someone had just picked them from outside.  It’s way too cold for dandelions to be growing, though.  I didn’t see a portal or evidence of a greenhouse down here.  And, I’ve never heard of anyone growing dandelions in a hothouse, regardless.
There was no way to rationally explain the fresh dandelion wisps in that goblet.  I scooped out a handful with the sole purpose of inspecting them.  For some strange reason, I impulsively blew on the wisps.
They floated and danced like they were being swept up by a gentle breeze.  The air inside the room was still.  Yet, the wisps soared upward by some unseen source.  I reached out to recapture them.  I watched in wonder as they seemed to tease the tips of my outstretched fingers, staying just beyond my reach.
The sprigs climbed higher and were bouncing off the ceiling, although no air was blowing.  They never strayed from the ring.  Riveted by staring at the impossible, my spirit felt even lighter than the wisps.
I want to float away with them…
The circle was bidding me to step into the center…
It cries out to my soul…
“Join…and become…” it whispered.
It wants me to…become.
My toes touched the edge of the painted circle and I felt a strange tingle.  An incredible and indescribable power is waiting for me…all I have to do is step inside that circle…
Suddenly, the moment would slip away – into eternity…
“Ember, is that you??  Are you down here??” Tray’s familiar voice called to me across the darkened divide – breaking the hypnotic spell and scaring me at the same time.
Speechless, I watched the wisps fall gently to the ground – still, inside the circle.  The invisible vortex had released them.
Turning toward the doorway to acknowledge my brother, I accidentally looked into the beam of the flashlight he was using.  Blinded, I immediately closed my eyes in self-defense.
“Yes, it’s me…” I whispered in a more agitated tone than I had intended.
“What on earth are you doing down here??” he asked, equally irritated.
“I thought I saw something when I opened the door…never mind.  Could you please turn the bright light away from my eyes??  I can’t see anything, now…” I responded as light-spots sizzled and sparkled behind my eyelids.
“Sorry,” Tray stated and lowered the flashlight to the floor.
He took me by the arm and led me back to the staircase landing.  The door slammed shut with a noisy clang and it startled me.  Tray apologized again and then, handed me my shoes.
“You realize that’s broken glass scattered all over the floor!  Are you intentionally tryin’ to scare me to death or is this accidental??” Tray asked with concern, but tried to cover it with humor.
“All intentional, brother dear – I’m currently running a mad scientific experiment just to see how many times it takes to scare you into complete submission,” I said jokingly as I put back on my shoes.
“Ha-ha, very funny.  I’ll never submit by the way.  So, you’re wastin’ your time on that nonsense,” Tray said sarcastically, following me up the staircase.
He picked up my backpack and carried it to the car for me.
“So, are you gonna tell me what you were doing in the basement without your shoes on or do I have to guess?” he asked, curiously.
“Ah, come on Tray – this is ‘me’ you’re talking about, remember??  Do you really need an explanation?”
“Ember, you’re really starting to scare me – what’s going on with you??  I know you’re curious, but you usually don’t choose to roll around in filth while you’re exploring.  Normally, you’d be tripping out and taking a five hour long shower if your little finger gets sticky!” Tray replied.
Then, I remembered where I’d been and how dirty I must be.  I tried to contain my total, internal flip out because I still couldn’t explain what had happened in the cafeteria to make me hide out all day.
Tray’s right, though.  I’ll have to spend half the night in the shower to feel clean again – I hate being dirty…
“Maybe, I’m just tired of walking upright and thought I’d try crawling around for a change.  A little excitement never hurt anyone,” I replied humorously in an effort to alleviate his anxiety.
Tray just gave me this odd, unreadable look and said nothing.  After a few more minutes of silence I finally asked him if he expected anything less from me.
“With you, I’ve learned to always expect the unexpected.  But, I’ve never seen you get filthy and not be over the edge because of it.  You must have had a blast this afternoon getting dirty, because I noticed that you’re positively glowing,” Tray remarked with a smile.
If only he knew…

Chapter Nine

It turned out that bizarre and puzzling day would be a turning point in my life…
After that extraordinary afternoon, I walked on the opposite side of the hallway from the basement staircase.  I made every effort to ignore the dark clique as they ditched classes and gathered in their lair.  I also attempted to overcome my unnerving, yet thrilling, compulsion to follow them down those steps and discover what they’re up to.  Sadly, I had been so enthralled with the painted circle and the purple goblets that I had neglected to scope out any available investigative hiding spots, either.  I had terrified Tray by my cruddy-basement-adventure-disappearing-act.  His anxiety dropped my chances of post-3:00 campus explorations to zilch.
“If I ever even remotely think that I’ve gotta work late, again…you’ll be taking a Tray-generated-school-day-vacation…” he had loudly announced and whispered something under his breath about ‘broken glass and little girl destruction’.
“You’re completely overreacting!” I responded in exasperation.
My words were more about dramatic effect than a real observation of his exaggerated behavior.  I was secretly relieved that he intervened because it removed all temptation.  The urge to rush back down those stairs – especially if that boiler room is maxed out with ditching DC members – was overwhelming.  If the opportunity ever presents itself again, I will run into that circle and demand they tell me how their DC portal operates…I’m psychotic!
I didn’t sense anything bad or evil in the basement that afternoon.  But, I did feel something out of the ordinary.  It was like sharing space with a spirit.  I should have been at least, a little apprehensive to venture back down to the basement alone.  There’s a surreal power…lurking in the shadows…drawing me to step inside the ring.  Given my current state of eccentric and self-destructive tendencies, a repeat journey into the shadowy unknown is one I probably shouldn’t take.
After my near-miss on the volcanic eruption scale, I only made token appearances in the cafeteria.  Daily following Tray out the door when he leaves for class, I no longer trust myself to hang around with the masses.  So, I would find a quiet corner in the common’s area and spend the remainder of my lunch periods reading, listening to music and blending into the woodwork.  It was the safest option I had.
This pattern continued for a few days.  I was happily absorbed in my own world.  And, interestingly enough, my new pattern helped me to maintain my focus.  I have to keep an eye out for other kids who might approach me.  So, I didn’t lose myself in my own Ember generated reality.  When the area started to empty, I knew it was time to pack up and head out.  This little arrangement was working out quite well.  I didn’t miss a single class or have another ‘volcanic’ episode.  I would have been content to stick with that pattern until we moved away, but I should’ve remembered what happened in Chicago.
“I’ve noticed you’re M.I.A. at lunch, Little Girl…” Tray stated on the way home from school one afternoon.
“What are you talking about??  You see me every day at lunch – I’m always there,” I countered uncomfortably when I realized he somehow discovered my isolation scheme.
“You know exactly what I’m talking about.  It’s time to close the books, shut off the tunes and find a few friends.  You can’t hang out in your own world, forever.  Seriously, it’s not good for you,” Tray responded, pulling his parental card on me yet again.
I found myself fighting against the impulse to argue this out with him.  I suppose I could tell him it’s time to move on.  All the strange occurrences since we’ve been here should have me ready to bolt.  But somehow, it just doesn’t feel right to leave so soon.
Besides, if anyone had noticed my freaky heat wave incident surely, they would have already asked me about it – or, started some weird gossip.  It appears that I’m the only one who knew what had happened on that crazy day.
Tray continued to drive without pestering me for an answer.  He has endless patience and that’s so annoying in a situation like this.  The silent treatment never works on him like it does on me.  I get antsy if I make him wait too long.  And eventually, he would just ask me the same question in a different way if I failed to respond.
I finally decided to not waste the effort and simply agree with him.  There’s no way to win this particular argument.  Unfortunately, he’s determined that I need to make friends, regardless of my desire to live in my own Tray and Ember only world.
“You’re right.  I’ll socialize tomorrow – no books, but I won’t promise anything about the music,” I vowed.
“Whoa…that was almost too easy.  What’s the catch?  Are your fingers crossed??” Tray asked suspiciously.
“There’s no catch.  I know it’s an extremely rare occurrence, but sometimes I do have to let you win an argument with me.  You shouldn’t get used to it, though…fair warning,” I added humorously.
I was already dreading the next day.

Chapter Ten

Lunch period came all too soon and suddenly, I was cast into a sea of options.  I packed my lunch instead of waiting in line.  Last night I thought it would help me out – like maybe, a lunch from home would feel like a security blanket.  I realize now, as I look around at the room full of virtual strangers that nothing will make me feel more comfortable or confident about doing this.  At least, nobody was paying any attention to me.  I suppose I’ve been going to this school just long enough to be old news.
Tray didn’t come up to me like I hoped he would.  I didn’t see him, either.  He might be sitting at the tables closest to the front – the ones where the dark clique gathers.  I’m terrified of having another volatile episode, so I tend to avoid looking in their collective direction.
I counted empty chairs as I walked on the opposite side of the cafeteria.  My back was basically against the wall like I was preparing to be attacked.  So, I built up my courage and intentionally selected the last table in the back, right corner of the cafeteria – as far away from the DC territory as I could possibly get. 
I tried to appear casual as I approached the girl sitting at that table.  She appeared to be eating alone and that was appealing to me.  I also noticed three empty chairs directly across from her.  Now, all I have to do is think of something cool to say…
She must have sensed my presence because she looked up from her salad and smiled at me.
“May I please sit…here...in that chair?” I blurted out, awkwardly.
I can’t believe I just said “may I please…” – now, she’s gonna think I’m a lost kindergartner!
“Sure, no one else is,” she offered and watched me with interest as I sat down.
I pulled my lunch out of my backpack.  Frankly, eating was the last thing my nervous stomach wanted me to do.  But, it would look strange if I just sat down and did nothing.  I slowly opened my container filled with carrots.  My mind was racing as I tried to think of something (non-moronic) to say, in order to recover.  I couldn’t think of anything – cool, semi-intelligent or otherwise.  The initial silence was quickly turning into a self-conscious infinity as the smiling girl waited on me to speak.  Just when I decided to cut my losses and make a mad dash for the doorway, Tray came to my rescue.
“Hey Ember, who’s your friend?” his voice cascaded over my head.
I could have cried from relief until I suddenly realized I didn’t know anyone’s name at the whole table.  ‘Lovely Einstein, don’t introduce yourself to anyone, or ask them what their names are, either…’ I thought to myself.
“Well, um – I, um,” I tried to figure out some way to salvage this awkward social situation that I had inadvertently, created.
“Hi, I’m Krista and this is Tisha, Jeff, Logan, Logan’s girlfriend Ally, Jessica and her boyfriend, Dusty.  Sitting across from them we have, Tyler and his ‘girl-groupies’.  Tyler sorta makes the rounds, so I’m reluctant to say who his girlfriend is because it changes on a weekly basis,” Krista declared as she dodged Tyler’s wadded up napkin strike.
Tyler introduced his ‘three girl fan club’ without revealing his current girlfriend.  Then, Krista continued making the other introductions.  “At the opposite end of the world’s most social lunchroom table, we have Azi, Alex, Ayden and Jenna.  Yes, they are quadruplets and no, they don’t like to be reminded about it.  Oh yeah, Jenna’s first name does start with an ‘A’ like the rest of her ‘fam’, but she refuses to integrate…” Krista announced with a giggle.
“Our parent’s names are Aubrey and Ansley.  They’re loosely-reformed hippies – you know the kind I’m talking about.  They smoked too much happy weed back in the day and watched way too many episodes of The Brady Bunch while they did it.  Do you blame me for wanting to be called Jenna?” she directed her question to Tray and he almost fell over laughing.
Azi informed us that they have two other siblings – a younger brother, Aarin Austen and an older sister, Abbey Aleeh.  It turns out Jenna is the only member of the Adrelli family that doesn’t have the initial A.A.A.  Then, my brother really did fall over from hysterics.
Although I did laugh, I was freaking out internally.  As usual, I had hideously underestimated the situation.  I thought because Krista wasn’t sitting right beside anyone, that she was eating alone.  Shivering nervously, I will have to somehow remember all of their names and faces since they are a group of friends.
I had never been part of any type of ‘group’ and my last school experience didn’t really count.  The only reason I ended up with two friends was because I had introduced them to each other.
The first friend I made was a nice, shy boy named Garrett.  A little socially self-conscious, he didn’t have any friends until I came along.  Then, I went searching for another ‘friend’ to join us.  I had to enlist Tray’s help to do that.
That extra friend was a necessity because I didn’t want people to assume that Garrett was my boyfriend.  He definitely wasn’t…not in that sense, at least.  I also didn’t want him to feel abandoned when I inevitably disappeared from his life.
Tray helped me locate and befriend a sweet (and equally shy) girl named Emily.  I introduced them to each other.  We all sat together in an uncomfortable silence for a few minutes.  When my brother arrived at our lunch table, things just smoothed out.  I wonder if Tray is going to have to socially rescue me for the rest of my natural life.  There’s no way to privately practice obtaining necessary social skills…
“Well everyone, this extremely talkative girl is my sister, Ember and I’m Tray Pateman.  I sure hope there’s not a quiz at the end of this handshake though cuz’ you guys are at a slight advantage in this introduction situation.  After all, two names versus fifty, isn’t very even, odds…” Tray shot a smile in Krista’s direction.
She blushed and hesitated.  Then, she paid him a curious smile as she shook his hand in return.  Everyone else at the table watched her every movement in silent fascination.
“No quizzes…promise.  You can call us just about anything and we’ll answer to it – well, with a few notable exceptions.  You already know the ‘Jenna’ story, so I won’t repeat it.  Ally hates to be called Alyssa because she thinks it makes her sound snobby.  Jessica hates being called Jessie because she thinks it makes her sound like an airhead.  You’re safe on the rest of us, though – we’re not quite as picky…” Krista explained comically.
“Wow, talk about keeping your promise…this is slightly insane.  Have you got this, my Little Girl?  Or, should I hang out for a while longer??” he whispered to me.
Tray is trying to determine if he can safely leave me to fend for myself in this ‘over-the-top’ lunch table situation.  He is much better at the socializing thing, but I had gotten myself into this craziness.  Oh, how I want Tray to just sit here and do this for me.  I was fighting the insane urge to yank him down into my lap.  He’s plenty big enough to hide me from my new, well-populated reality.
“Sure, I’ve got this…no problem,” I whispered back to him, trying to convince myself that I can survive this sucker.
“Well guys, I’m sure I’ll be seeing you around…take it easy…gotta jet.  Ladies, nice to meet you…” he stated and winked at them.
All the girls giggled a ‘goodbye’ in unison.  The guys muttered ‘yeah, dude…’ while looking at the table.  My brother squeezed my shoulders and then, disappeared as quickly as he had arrived.
I feel just like a guppy swimming with the sharks.
“Oh my gosh, so he’s your brother??  We need all the details…spill em’…” the gorgeous red-headed girl squealed.
She was almost panting in anticipation to hear ‘the details’ about Tray.  I had no idea which ones she wanted though.  Sadly, I had just been introduced to gorgeous red-headed girl not more than three minutes ago, but I can’t remember her name.  It really seems like there are fifty kids sitting at this table.
I swiftly realized why I had misjudged this scenario.  They are a large group of friends, but they are spaced apart.  Well, not anymore because the girls are huddled together, waiting in riveted fascination for me to tell all.
“Yeah, that’s my older brother…my only brother, Tray,” I restated the obvious and fell silent.
Strangely, it turns out every girl at the table – except Krista – believed that Tray was my boyfriend!  How they arrived at that ridiculous conclusion is anyone’s guess.  Tray and I share identical facial features.  Plus, we had started school on the same day.  That suggests we’re related, in my estimation.
Do they actually think that I’m old enough to have a live-in boyfriend??
I wanted to ponder over that crazy idea for a minute because it was completely loony.  However, I discovered the conversation had already turned back in my direction.  The gorgeous red-head stared at me in expectation, waiting for my response to another question – not good.  I sat like a mindless moron because I had no idea what she asked me.
“Hey everyone, let’s give Ember a break.  Tisha doesn’t mean to openly lust after your older, only brother.  It’s just the nature of her inner feminine beast,” Krista countered and cut her eyes in Tisha’s direction.
“I’m sorry.  I didn’t quite…really hear the question…the one you asked me…” I stated, attempting (unsuccessfully) to ‘socially recover’ again.
“No need to apologize.  I guess I need to remind my gals around this table of something.  If everyone speaks simultaneously then, Ember won’t hear any of you…that’s assuming you’re human.  That even goes for you, Tisha…no matter how loud you ask your question.
“Sorry about their information-gathering-frenzy, Ember.  It’s been buildin’ since you two arrived on campus.  They’re working on a limited timeframe and bent to get their answers about your brother.  Obviously, their mouths tend to rush forward without giving their brains’ a fighting chance…” Krista said and we all laughed.
I relaxed more with each passing minute.  Krista easily carried the conversation during my inevitable lapses.  She also managed to avoid all the mundane questions that most people ask the new kid.  The other girls repeatedly forced the topic back to Tray anytime they were given an opportunity.  So I sat for the remainder of our lunch period and answered a few thousand questions about my brother.
When the bell rang, I was a little disappointed that it was already over.  The time had passed so quickly.  It’s bizarre, but as long as I talk about Tray, the conversation was effortless.
Wow, I desperately need a life of some kind…
It was inexplicable, but I already felt like a part of their crowd.  I marveled at that outlandish fact as I tossed my uneaten sandwich into the garbage can.  Krista and I said ‘goodbye’ to the others and she walked along beside me.
“Trust me – the girls aren’t always that ridiculous.  Well, most times they’re not that ridiculous.  Also, as an added bonus, from time to time, they have an intelligent thought or two,” Krista offered with a smile.
“I’m sure it’s more than two, most days.  I like them…and they seem to like Tray.  I’ve never talked so much about him in my whole life,” I revealed.
“I find that surprising!  You must be the only sister on the planet that sits patiently at a lunch table and divulges all she knows about her brother…” she stated, rolling her eyes for effect.
I had to admit that was a weird thought.  Most siblings get along about as well as snakes and mice.  Our relationship is vastly different from the average brother and sister.  I had talked, virtually non-stop, for twenty minutes about Tray and could have easily continued for a few hours – a fact that would have eventually freaked everyone out – thank you, lunch bell!
Turns out, Krista is in my history class.  She even sits in the row beside me.  I tried to hide my obvious shock over this fact.  We have shared this class for over two weeks, now.  It would be horrible if she discovered that I’ve never noticed her before.

Chapter Eleven

I quickly discovered that Krista has an extensive network of acquaintances.  She interacts with basically everyone with an ease I admire.  But, her friendships are tempered with a suspicious reserve.  She’s actually a very private person, although most people don’t seem to notice this fact.  Krista is guarded with her true self and we get along quite well because of it – I understand that world, completely.
We became closer as the days flew by.  This quickly-forming relationship was an odd experience for me.  I’ve never had a close, female friend.  I only knew Emily for three weeks when we moved away from Chicago, so our connection could best be defined as casual.
Krista didn’t know much about my past.  She didn’t ask me anything about it, either.  I wasn’t prepared to share my history with her, just yet.  Still, it’s nice to have a close female friend who doesn’t think I’m strange…
My new friendship with Krista seemed to make Tray happy too.  He would sit with us during our lunch period and make everyone laugh.  All the other girls at the table oohhh, aahhh and squeal at every single word he speaks, anyway.  Krista gets more entertainment from watching their shameless worship, than listening to my brother’s funny stories.
A history project (of all things) would end up forging a deep friendship between Krista and me.  It required working with a partner, outside of school.  We tried meeting at the public library.  But, that was a challenge for Tray.  He will not just drop me off and go back to work.  He gets nervous leaving me at our small school for a few hours.  So, he was forced to take the day off.
Feeling guilty for causing him problems, I decided to just risk it and invited Krista over.  I staged the master bedroom and prepared an excuse to explain why our ‘parents’ weren’t home.
My gypsy ruse turned out to be a complete waste of time.  Somehow, Krista already knew that Tray and I were on our own.  She casually revealed her knowledge of this fact and I silently, freaked out.  Krista must have sensed her spontaneous observation had pushed my panic button.
“We’ll work at my house, tomorrow.  Tomorrow’s dress code is backwards shirts, a black bowtie, and dingy high top tennis shoes.  Yikes, I almost forgot the ripped fishnet hose to pull the whole look together.  Double yikes, I almost forgot you need a psychedelic punk rock hairstyle.  Well, that’s less a need and more an option.  Do the hairstyle only if you wanna fit in with us.
“Seriously, you’ve just gotta watch out for my g-mom.  She’ll feed you 10 pounds of food to “fatten you up”…not sure about the reason behind that madness.  And, do not take her up on the offer to get a matching tattoo.  She’s not joking and knows someone who’ll do it for the right amount of cash.  Wait, I’ll show you mine, so you’ll believe me…got it when I was nine,” she told me as she exposed the distorted, pink unicorn tattoo on her right shoulder.
I begged her to tell me more “grandmother war stories.”  We were laughing so hard we could barely breathe by the time she left.
Still, I found myself riddled with anxiety when I was alone with my thoughts.  Krista has too much information.  I almost told Tray we needed to move.  But in the end I decided to wait and see how things turned out.  Krista’s grandmother got her a tattoo, after all.  So, I convinced myself they are not the type to call the authorities.
Krista’s grandmother, Elizabeth is about my size, but with a ‘larger than life’ personality.  They live alone in a fancy, two story brick house on the wealthy side of town.  Neither one mentioned anything about Krista’s parents.
I am so glad we didn’t bolt last night because I really love Elizabeth.
Before I walked through their door, Krista had never invited anyone over to visit.  So, her grandmother was ecstatic to meet me.  After a welcoming hug, she made me twirl around to get a better look at me.
“You’re nothing, but skin and bones…need to get some meat back on those ribs before you turn sideways and vanish…” she declared.
She made me a triple stacked sandwich, at that point.  Not even Tray would be able to get his mouth around half of it.  I spent just as much time talking to Elizabeth as I did working on the project with Krista.
She is a fountain of information.  And, she’s also the coolest (and most eccentric) grandmother on this planet.  Elizabeth dresses like a fashion model, wears high heeled shoes and loads of jewelry.  She loves all types of modern music and takes Krista to rock concerts.  To be so small, she is still fearless.  I was laughing in amazement, after she told me about the many backstage passes they have in their growing collection.  Next, Elizabeth told me how she convinces the roadies to hand those over…then, I was thoroughly embarrassed.  Finally, she shared how she managed to sneak her and Krista into the Carolina Panthers’ Locker Room, undetected – the whole team was in there when that happened!
Krista shook her head and laughed, intermittently.  Evidently, her life is just as far from ‘traditional’ as mine is.  Relieved, mine and Tray’s gypsy living situation is a secret we can safely share with them.  I knew, from the moment I left her house that day that Krista is (and always will be) my best friend. 
It turns out she has a unique ability.  She can keep me firmly rooted in the here and now.  She can sense when my mind is wandering and she knows exactly how to usher me, right back to reality.  My best friend also has an uncanny talent of knowing just how much information to spill or when to remain silent.
Elizabeth goes to bed around 8:00.  So, Krista mainly sleeps over at my house.  This has led the girls around our table to ask her probing questions about my brother.  Their inquiries always begin on a more personal note – like, what does Tray sleep in, if anything?  Do you two have a ‘thing’ going?  Then, oddly enough, they turned into more general questions – like what does he eat/drink/watch on TV?  What brand of deodorant/shampoo/toothpaste does he use?  Does Tray pump iron/jog/do Yoga or Pilates???
Their questions continued in an endless stream.  But, Krista is skilled at deflecting and not providing any type of real response.  She’s almost as good at dodging as my brother is and that’s amazing.
Her avoidance skill was quite useful because interestingly, girls are tenacious when it comes to ‘friend grilling’.  Our female friends were relentless in their pursuit of any Tray/Krista-gossip and I watched on in curious wonder.  Their sometimes incredibly nosy questions didn’t seem to bother Krista at all.  Truth be known, we both found their investigation highly entertaining…
All our friends lacked any real information, so the rumor mill was working in overdrive.  Word got around fast that Tray and Krista have some kind of secret relationship.  In order to get the latest gossip, I had to ‘play along’.  I made it seem as though they were keeping it a secret from me too.  That wasn’t exactly a lie because all I ever offered them was how I never see Tray and Krista do anything.  Our friends just filled in the blanks with assumptions.  It was amusing to hear the latest news on their budding romance.  I would share the details with Krista, nightly and we both thought it was hilarious.
Without any facts to work with, our girl-friends’ just made it up as they went along.  So, that’s how the ‘very romantic and mysterious relationship’ between Tray and Krista got started.
If our friends discovered the truth about the situation, they would have been disappointed.  Krista always hangs out with me.  She rarely speaks to Tray and she has never stepped anywhere near his messy bedroom.  As far as I know, she doesn’t think of Tray as anything more than just my overly protective brother.
My best friend fell asleep long before I did.  I was consumed in thought, when my brother walked by and told me goodnight…
Tray is older than all of my girl friends.  He is ‘flexible’ with his own birth certificate.  None of the kids at school will ever discover that he’s not a teenager.  My brother would never think about dating my juvenile friends.  He forms friendships with females who are, at least eighteen or older.  Hmmm…that’s something I’ve never given any consideration to.
He’s only had a few casual female acquaintances throughout his entire life.  I wouldn’t even consider them true friendships.  I had relentlessly pushed/pestered him to find a girlfriend and have a real relationship.  He deserves to have a normal life and I desperately want him to have one.  Tray finds my gypsy matchmaking efforts comical.
It hurts my heart when I think about what my brother has sacrificed for me.  Tray should be off at college, dating a pretty co-ed and planning his future.  Instead, he’s (endlessly) stuck in high school, working too many hours in the afternoons and having casual, short-term ‘pseudo-friendships’ with girls near his age.  That’s not fair to him, but, I can’t do anything to change his situation or make it right.
My time lapses are becoming a more frequent occurrence – especially if I’m home alone.  This fact alarms me.  I had looked up all the symptoms of schizophrenia, but it didn’t seem to fit my problem.  The symptoms of multiple personality disorder came closer, but I ended up ruling those out too.  If I had those dramatic symptoms, someone would have surely noticed…
I’m the only one who believes I have a mental problem, anyway.  Tray and Krista swear I’m normal.  I casually questioned my brother about my ‘wandering mind’.  And, he responded with, “…you’ve always been a daydreamer, but you’ve just never paid attention to it,” without missing a beat.
I suppose his assessment might be right.  After all, now I’m living in reality with the rest of humanity.  Also, I have not experienced another volcanic episode or flight of fantasy through the forest or anywhere else.
I still feel overwhelmingly compelled to find that dead tree.  It is becoming an obsession.  The unhindered freedom of flying feels incredible.  I promptly crossed the free flight experience off my mental list of worries.  That particular hallucination is well worth repeating.
Concentrating diligently on my surroundings and my friends, I resolved to pay attention.  This way, hopefully I won’t lose too much time to the darkness.  The tactic was successful too – well, as long as I have company or something interesting to focus on it was.  People can suddenly capture and hold my attention.
Krista’s been going to this school since kindergarten.  That means I can ask her questions about almost anyone and she can usually provide me with some information.  On those rare occasions when she didn’t have any, I would invent fabulous background stories about the unknown student.
Sometimes, Krista intentionally ‘holds out’ on spilling the real details until I tell her my ‘Ember-intrigues’ (a.k.a. entertaining, non-offensive and fascinating tales/gossip made up by me).  The secret dramas I create are slowly becoming legendary….
“She looks disinterested in that poor boy and he’s trying so hard to impress her…” I stated and casually, gestured to a guy and girl sitting across the cafeteria.
“Oh her, that’s just Eleana Monte…” Krista revealed.
“What does that mean - ‘that’s just Eleana Monte’?  You make it sound like her name should tell me everything about her.”
“Eleana plays hard to get.  That’s part of her charm and mystique.  Guys fall all over her and she pretends to not notice them.  Same old game, different guy, different day…” Krista offered.
She resumed eating her lunch while she waited for me to begin my ‘Ember-intrigue’.
“Oh, I know, Eleana just ended a serious relationship with a sixteen year old Caribbean native named Xavier Baltist.  He’s a reclusive homeschooled genius that lives in his mom’s basement apartment and runs a handmade jewelry business just for fun.  She met him buying his exquisite jewelry and they started dating.
“Xavier rarely leaves his basement-world and he’s never come to our school.  No one’s ever seen them together.  So, we assume she’s been playing hard to get.  When, in reality, she’s committed to her island, genius, business-owner boyfriend.
“She rushed to break it off with him when she made a misguided assumption.  She suspected that Xavier was engaged in a way too friendly ‘business relationship’ with another sultry homeschooled girl named Katie.  Unfounded jealousy destroyed Eleana’s relationship.
“Katie fell in love, alright – but it was only with his line of earrings.  Oh, and she also needed his help with a killer English mid-term.  So Xavier agreed to meet Katie at the library, deliver her earrings and help her with her schoolwork.  The payment for both was a dozen roses to give to his girlfriend Eleana after their studying was finished.
“Eleana found out about this ‘date’ because someone saw them exchange the roses.  We know it was all schoolwork and business between him and Katie, but Eleana thought it was a hook up.  She broke it off via text message and refused to listen to his explanation.  Two days later she discovered the truth and wanted to get back together.  He said no because he couldn’t trust her anymore.
“She had no clue why he didn’t trust her because she had never cheated.  She pestered him for a week and he finally broke down and explained.
“He said, ‘Those roses were for you and I brought them to school the day after you broke up with me.  I saw you sitting and laughing with another guy in the lunchroom.  You already found someone else, so our relationship couldn’t have meant that much to you…’
“Eleana had never paid any attention to the pushy kid sitting at her table until Xavier pointed him out to her.  She thought, ‘hey, he’s kinda cute.’  She never would’ve given him the time of day, if it weren’t for Xavier’s actions.  So she told Xavier to take a hike because she wants to date ‘cute, pushy guy’ instead.
“The moral to this particular ‘Ember-intrigue’ is jealousy ruins everything.  So there ya’ have it, the real Eleana Monte story, behind the story.  Well, and also some very wise advice to never give into the green eyed monster…” I told her.
“Poor Xavier, he never should have let it consume him too.  After all, the male population of this school doesn’t seem nearly as exciting as a ‘reclusive jewelry tycoon millionaire basement dwelling’ boyfriend.  Sometimes it’s the invisible pushy lunchroom kid that wins the prize though…” Krista replied, laughing softly.
“I wonder if Eleana will ever go out with him.  He’s trying so hard and seems to like her.  Even after all of his efforts, she’s still ignoring him,” I offered.
“I doubt she’ll ever give him more than a passing glance.  Some people think she’s a tease, but I personally think she has a boyfriend that goes to a private school somewhere.  But, if that’s true, it’s not serious enough for her to stop flirting and being flirted with.  That’s very unfortunate for her admirer over there.  Guess…she wants to keep her options open…” Krista finally offered her real assessment of the situation.
Cassie sat down beside Krista and started a whispered conversation.  Casually I pulled up my hood, slipped in an ear bud, turned on my music, and resumed my pushy boy investigation.
Eleana was still displaying cool disinterest.  Her hair even swiped him across his face when she turned around to speak to another guy.  Pushy boy barely flinched when that happened.  Waiting patiently, he resumed their conversation the instant she turned back around.
He’s trying too hard to get her attention.  I wish that I could tell him to back off slightly.  Tray could have helped me get the message to him, but he left early for work.  He meant it about never leaving me at school after hours… 
I’m not an expert on romantic relationships.  However, I do know a thing or two about girl behaviors.  If pushy boy turns the tables on her, Eleana will show him some interest.  I didn’t have any way to give pushy boy my advice.  I don’t even know his name.  Krista didn’t mention it because she was so focused on Eleana – courtesy of my ‘Ember-intrigue’.  She was still engrossed in her conversation with Cassie.
What did I intend to do once I discover his name, anyway??
It’s not like I could just walk up to him and start handing out advice.  I started laughing when I thought about how that weird little scene would play out.  Some unknown crazy girl walks up to you and then, promptly proceeds to tell you how to pick up another girl!  Besides being insane, it’s none of my business.  Still, I couldn’t seem to help myself from obsessing about how to get him the information without revealing myself as the source.
My mind was occupied when my eyes wandered (without my permission) to the dark clique.  Amazingly, it appears their numbers have increased, overnight.  It might just be my personal perception though, since I usually avoid looking directly at them.
Their population must have expanded.  The dark clique now fills up three tables.  They are a jumbled mix of girls and guys sitting in chairs, on tables or even in each other’s laps.  All the dark clique guys are still dressed in some shade of black.  It’s like a weird daily, dress-code they’ve established.  The girls seemed out of place among the guys.  They are wearing trendy, colorful clothes that look expensive, have fashionable hair styles and their make-up is flawless.  It’s the craziest thing I had ever witnessed because the girls didn’t seem to care that their boys never change out of their black attire.
Eleana’s admirer and his dilemma were now on the backburner.  I watched with rapt attention as the dark clique interacted with each other.  Maybe, I can figure out something that will explain their gatherings in the school basement.  What goes on down in their lair??
My intensive two-minute investigation revealed nothing noteworthy.  They are just like any other group of high school kids.  Well, they are all better than average looking…so, maybe the hidden portal in the basement is a direct link to “Beautiful World”??
The dark clique guys were horsing around and laughing.  They flirted with the girls while acting silly.  Certainly, they aren’t plotting something sinister, right?  My mind raced through the possibilities…that mean prank was still on my mind.
I tried to decide whether they are a dangerous bunch of delinquents or just attention hounds.  I was deep inside that internal debate when suddenly, I was interrupted.  One of the DC girls must have felt my gaze because she turned around in her chair to stare at me.
At that point, it probably would have been practical for me to blush or pretend to look away.  I have never been much into practicality, though – especially when it comes to my eternal curiosity.  I tilted my head sideways, deepened my gaze and considered the lunacy of our bizarre mutual stare down event.
My dark clique challenger is a pretty brunette with long legs and an overly pouty mouth.  Her catlike, green eyed stare was piercing right into mine.  Strangely, her intense gaze didn’t make me uncomfortable like it probably should have.  It only intrigued me.  We are openly ‘scoping each other out’ like two science experiments.
I suppose my dark clique challenger is accustomed to being ‘checked out’ because she was comfortable with our exchange.  I’m not used to being surveyed, but that doesn’t really seem to matter to me now.  This girl’s intense look felt like an unspoken challenge and I refuse to back down from her.
So, that’s precisely how I found myself locked in a ‘death-match-stare-down’ with a dark clique chick.  Neither one of us even blinked an eye, although I have no idea how we managed it.  We both flatly refused to be the first to drop our gaze.
The stare-down challenge was quickly turning into a stalemate.  Then suddenly, she decided to change one of the factors – she smiled at me.  It was a humorless gesture, bordering somewhere between an evil smirk and outright detest.  Her wicked smile sent chills through my body, as I felt the insult in her dark gesture.
“Who does Cat Girl think she is??  She doesn’t have any right to look at me like that, but I’m completely entitled to look at her any way I choose…” I insanely thought.
  By that point, I was around some new kind of bend.  I was fully prepared to stomp over to her and demand her respect.  My rational mind thankfully, resumed functioning before I stood up.  What was I going to say to her, anyway?  “You will respect me, whoever you are??”  That’s the mental ravings of a true psychotic.  Those words would likely land me in a straitjacket.
Even though I would not give into the bizarre compulsion to yell for her respect, for some inexplicable reason I was still incensed by Cat Girl’s outright insolence.  She is plainly challenging me to bow to her, but I refuse to relent.  A strange sort of ‘righteous indignation’ surrounded me – when suddenly, it happened… something deep within me began rising to the surface…
Something has just been…awakened…
A surge of pure internal energy stirred inside of me.  The resulting, incredible light slowly started rising, from deep within my soul.  The spiritual light illuminated behind my eyes.  My heart was pounding furiously in my chest as the internal light bathed it in gentle warmth.  This inner light feels…heavenly.
The light settled in around me…hypnotizing me…quieting my thoughts…somehow.
Everything in the lunchroom wound down into slow motion.  All the voices faded into the background.  The people around me blurred out of focus and all I could clearly see was ‘Cat Girl’.  My focus remained on her – not even my intriguing inner light distracted me.
The intensity of the moment was overwhelming.  DC Cat Girl turned her head sideways and strengthened her stare, reaffirming her resolve.  I held my breath and waited…for something.
The light is “offended” by her disrespect.  Clenching my fists, I braced myself for what might happen next.  My internal light briefly flashed…blinding me…it’s prepared to fully rise and force her to her knees.
Then, nothing…
It was suddenly like the power had been switched off and my inner light faded back inside my spirit.  By the time I could see again, Cat Girl had already relented and respectfully, dropped her gaze to the floor.  The righteous indignation I had been consumed in earlier, dissipated when my dark clique challenger surrendered to me.
The lunchroom returned to normal and the dark clique started to disperse.  Cat Girl paid me one last humble glance as she walked by me.  Her boyfriend opened the door for her and they disappeared through it.
The shadows from my internal light swirled around behind my eyelids.  My skin tingled, but fortunately, it wasn’t burning.
What’s happening to me??  I’m 100% positive that I was just glowing!
None of the remaining dark clique girls were looking at me, although most of them had been sitting directly across from her.  So they should have witnessed what just happened.  Surely an illuminated girl isn’t an everyday fixture in their dark clique world…
Obviously, they didn’t see anything out of the ordinary.  But, I did radiate with a brilliant light!
Cassie was still trying to pry information out of Krista about her ‘secret relationship’ with Tray.  My best friend noticed me looking at her, misinterpreted the meaning, rolled her eyes and shot me a small grin.  They continued their conversation without giving me a second look.  My friends hadn’t seemed to notice anything either.
I must be delusional!
Although I tried to convince myself of that, I still see the nearly blinding streaks of light behind my eyelids.  Those are definitive proof.  I had just illuminated!  The inner light is real…
The meltdown of the century was preparing to overwhelm me.  I couldn’t keep myself together anymore.  So I automatically grabbed my backpack and ran out of the lunchroom.  I didn’t say anything to anyone.  I heard the warning bell ring as I rushed through the parking lot.
The frigid outside air filled my lungs as panic flowed through my veins.  I walked fast to nowhere in particular.  My coat was hanging on the back of my chair and that’s where it will remain.  I have no intention of going back inside that school today – not for any reason.
A wicked darkness is lurking in the shadows.  It wants to devour…my rising inner light…
The wind responded to that terrifying thought by gusting strongly.  I desperately need to outpace the darkness…I just don’t know how.
The darkness stalks me…it will never give up…

Chapter Twelve

I had walked for miles to get away from the unknown shadows.  My legs ached from overuse and the frigid weather.  Massive overload had left me completely numb.  Although I refused to go back inside the building, I returned to campus and sat near the entrance.  Suspiciously looking over my shoulder, I waited for Tray to arrive.  My fear was illogical, but I couldn’t shake the feeling of dread.
The darkness wants to destroy my light…
“Why are you sitting out here – in this type of weather??  What on earth happened to you??  Did someone hurt you??” Tray asked, frantically.
He had arrived twenty minutes early and was totally panicked when I slid into the car.  Once he realized I was too cold to speak, he stopped asking questions and grabbed the blanket from the backseat.
“I…mmm…fffiinnneeee…jussst…h…hh…had a baa…ad ddd…ay,” I eventually tried to reply.
My words came out in crazy, jumbled syllables because I was shivering, badly.  I feel like I might never be able to get warm again…
Tray looked at me with grave concern as he wrapped the blanket around me.  The initial chill sent agonizing shivers through my frozen arms and legs.
“Your lips are blue, Ember!  How long have you been sittin’ outside??  Why didn’t you just call me to pick you up if you needed to go home?  Someone must have done something to you, who was it?!  What did they say or do?  Your skin is wind burnt and you look like you’re gonna be ill!  Are you feeling sick??” my brother resumed his full inquest as he turned the car around.
Driving down the road, he continued to fire questions without taking a breath.  This was a sure sign – he’s seriously considering moving us again.
Pulling the blanket up to my chin, I waited for him to wind down.  Tray’s urgent inquiries will continue until his anxiety’s spent and I have no idea how long that will be.  I need to explain the craziness to him, but I can’t even explain it to myself.
I had spent all afternoon thinking about the stare down challenge, the rising light and the dark shadows stalking me.  The best explanation I could come up with was that I had a loony stare down match with some random girl and it flipped me out.  That explanation seems ridiculous and petty.
Suddenly, I was fighting back tears and losing the struggle fast.  As the first tear betrayed me and slipped down my cheek, Tray slammed on the brakes.  He pulled the car over onto the side of the road.
“Tell me what happened at school while I was gone today, Ember – now!” Tray demanded sharply.
His words cut like a razor through my frayed emotions.  Any semblance of manufactured control that I might have been able to keep intact vanished.  The tears turned into outright sobs and I covered my face with my hands.
I’m losing my mind – how can I tell my brother something like that???
“I’m so sorry, Little Girl.  Please stop crying.  I’m not mad – I swear…” he said in a soft voice.
Tray pulled me to him and turned up the blower on the car’s heater.  He let me cry on his shoulder – waiting for the emotional tide to cease.
“That was so stupid of me.  I shouldn’t have shouted like that.  Sometimes I’m all testosterone and nothing else…” my brother said lightly.
I desperately tried to get myself back under some type of emotional control.
“Honestly, I don’t have the slightest clue why I’m fallin’ to pieces like this,” I finally offered as I sat back in my seat and tried to dry my tears.
“Well, I can’t have you, havin’ bad days.  So, how do we solve this problem?  Do we need to move on because we can go right now?  You know I’m cool with doing that.  Or should I prepare to crush someone into the freakin’ ground?” Tray asked in a joking manner and plowed his fist into his hand for effect.
“Why do you always assume that someone DID something to me?  I’m female, you know.  We cry at nothing all the time.  I’m not sure what the problem was.  Maybe it’s just MY hormones,” I stated and watched his reaction.
“I usually assume that someone did something to you because that’s the most likely scenario.  You’re not prone to ‘falling to pieces’ over nothing.  All kidding aside Little Girl, we can just pack up and move on.  Besides, we’ve stayed here almost as long as the last place already.  Maybe we should load up the car and hit the road tonight.  I’m ready to cut out, if you want to…” Tray inquired and played with the keys hanging from the ignition.
Although I tried, I couldn’t get a feel for his emotional climate.  It’s annoying when I can’t figure out what he wants to do.
“Absolutely not – I happen to like it here and I’m not ready to move again.  Besides I’ve managed to make a few real friends and you have a job you seem to like and some friends too, right?” I asked him.
I was astounded to realize that I had no idea if my brother had any friends around here.  I had been so busy having memory lapses and psychotic episodes that I had dismissed Tray’s life – that was far from normal.
“I would hate to leave Sunridge in a bind.  After all, I’m the world’s best mechanic.  Rave couldn’t make it without me…” he joked in his off-handed manner.
Calming down, I looked in the mirror to check out the ‘Ember-damage’.  My skin was blotchy, my eyes were bloodshot and my lips were very chapped.
Tray agreed to start driving if I would start talking.  I explained what happened with ‘Cat Girl’ and the crazy ‘stare-down-death-match.’  I left out the details about the surge of power and the rising inner light because I wasn’t quite sure if those things were real.  I also didn’t include how I felt surrounded by darkness and demons because I didn’t want him to think that I am a total lunatic.
My brother didn’t seem quite satisfied with my explanation as evidenced by the deepening silence between us.  Although it sounded unbelievable, it was my best account of what had happened.  My insane explanation wasn’t ‘enough’ for me either, but I’m getting accustomed to baffling myself.
“I promise I’m perfectly fine.  I’m sure I was just reading too much into the nonsense.  This whole ‘interacting with the real world’ thing is still new to me, ya know?  I can’t be expected to understand other people’s behaviors, all at once,” I stated and decided that I would settle for that explanation.  “Besides, you’re the one that wanted me to find friends and live in this world, instead of my own.  This world and its inhabitants are kind of freaky to me, I guess.”
He dropped me off at home and reluctantly, went back to work.  My explanation must have convinced him that I would be alright.  Otherwise, we would have been knee deep in moving boxes yet, again.
Now, if I can just convince myself of that fact, too – I’ll be accomplishing something…

Chapter Thirteen

It was unseasonably warm during our first teacher’s work day in mid-November.  Tray was at work and I was home cleaning.
Krista had slept over at our house the previous night, but she left to go out to lunch with her grandmother.  Although they invited me to join them, I politely declined their offer.
While I was cleaning my bedroom, I discovered some items that Krista had forgotten.  Her strappy silver sandals, her black, jeweled mini skirt and one of her cosmetic bags had been hiding underneath my bed.  She had brought over ten different outfits yesterday and modeled them for me.  She was trying to decide which one to wear to her grandmother’s holiday party.
Krista’s grandmother frequents the casinos in Monte Carlo, Atlantic City and Las Vegas.  Every holiday season, Elizabeth throws a glamorous casino-style party for all of her friends.  Krista says they are loads of fun.  It’s the only time she feels comfortable enough to dress in a provocative outfit and slink around seductively.  She gets all dressed up and helps her grandmother serve the guests.
I held the forgotten miniskirt up to my body and looked in the full length mirror.  It was so short that I blushed.  The rhinestones sparkle just like on a showgirl’s outfit.  The three inch heels on the sandals are plenty high enough for me to break an ankle.  So, I put everything in my backpack to return to her on Wednesday.
Krista reminded me of a sultry Cinderella when she modeled that outfit.  I was struck by just how pretty she is…well, not that she is normally ugly, but we’re both plain blue jeans and t-shirt types.  It was like my best friend was a conservative librarian by day and secret, steamy seductress at night.  It was both fascinating and frightening…
I had reluctantly opened the small window in the kitchen while I cleaned.  I braced myself…not knowing what to expect.  My last encounter with one had ended in bloodshed and pain.  Although a gentle breeze was blowing, nothing strange occurred.  I breathed a sigh of relief.  It’s silly to be afraid of an inanimate object like a window, but most fears aren’t rational anyway.
My stereo was turned up just loud enough to hear in every room, but it still could not hold my attention.  My thoughts started to race around in useless worry.
I obsessed about my memory lapses, psychotic episodes, my fantastic flight, the crazy scenes at school and (what feels like) my pending mental breakdown…what to tell Tray…what not to tell Tray.  My anxiety level kept increasing, but my mind refused all forms of resolution.  So, my thoughts continued their murky journey through the darkness and fear.
Then without warning, the wind picked up.  It rushed by me with a gale force, instantly springing me from my mental wanderings.  The howling wind forced its way inside causing the window to rattle.  My hair was being violently blown back like I was standing behind a jet plane.  I automatically reached to close it.  These freaky North Carolina rogue winds are insane…
No matter how hard I tried, it wouldn’t budge.  The wind doubled in force as I struggled and fear seized me.  It was slamming against the house, seemingly determined to demolish it!
I bolted from the kitchen and the wind actually knocked me over!
Crawling to escape, I scrambled to my bedroom and forced the door closed.  The wind assaulted the wood, trying to get to me.  My heart was pounding as I fought to keep the door in place.
For a few seconds the wind seemed to almost surrender.  It was still attempting to force its way inside, but at least the house stopped moaning.  I barely had enough time to sigh in relief.
The storm, however, was far from over…
The wind somehow bullied its way through the wood!  It no longer mattered that I was pressed against the door.  The air was inside the room with me.
Then, my stereo took on a life of its own.  The volume set itself to an ear-piercing level as the incredible cyclone ripped through the speakers.  A brilliantly sparkling celestial wind funnel lifted from the chaos.  My dresser drawers were yanked opened and the contents were captured by the storm. My bed sheets were stripped and my pillows came out of their cases.  Everything in my room got swept up in the crazy vortex.  Debris flew skyward and was plastered to the ceiling.
Although the music was already playing at a deafening volume, it refused to be outmatched by the noisy unreal storm.  It turned its own volume up!
I stood, frozen in time.  The insane stereo is drowning out the gale force wind.  Except for me, the floor is barren.  Even the heavy furniture is stuck overhead.  The music had transformed into an all-consuming being inside my bedroom.  Occupying every inch, it was painfully loud.  I rushed toward the most offensive sound.  But, terror would grip me before I could make it to my goal.
My stereo is possessed!
The blue readout displayed three brilliantly blinding question marks, instead of the number for the volume setting.  Electrical sparks spewed in every direction as something…perhaps, evil…took control.  Smoke was rising from the back of it.  Still, the music’s volume kept right on climbing.
Fear swiftly turned into sheer willpower as I fought my way through the pandemonium.  With my hands clamped over my ears, I was determined to reach my stereo.  I’ll knock that possessed sucker into the middle of next week if I can get close enough to do it.
The brilliant shimmering cyclone spun turbulently while I wrestled against it.  The wind responded to my decision by pinning me to the ground.  The celestial storm and thunderous music fed off of each other.  At first, I thought they were battling, but that assumption was wrong.
They are creating a cataclysmic union…an awesome, combined power.  I just happen to be caught in the middle of their building uproar.  Both continued growing more intense as the seconds ticked by.
The entire scene was bedlam.  Adrenaline pumped through my veins.  I realized with a bizarre kind of clarity that I could lift a car with my own bare hands, if the need arose.  Even with my newfound strength, I couldn’t seem to move forward.  My bedroom door is only three feet away, but I am mired in invisible quicksand.
Is it even possible to escape from something like this??
The pressure of the wind against my body is tremendous.  With great effort, I finally managed to force my body into a seated position.  It was wasted effort because I was still stuck in place.
It was utter pandemonium in my bedroom.  The earsplitting music and roaring cyclone continued assaulting my ears.
“PLEASE STOP…”
I yelled the command and it echoed strangely inside my head.
The phantom music and the incredible/impossible cyclone obeyed my command.  Everything ceased…briefly.  One second the furniture and debris was stuck to my ceiling and the next, gravity resumed control and released its hold.  I instinctively covered my head as all the items came crashing back to earth.
Then, silence…
Amazingly, nothing had landed on me.  My ears were ringing in the deafening stillness.  My metal bed frame looked warped; otherwise, the furniture appeared to have weathered the storm.
The possessed stereo was lying upside down on the floor, mocking me.  The display was still illuminated, but it wasn’t playing music, anymore.  Now free, I ran over and kicked it in retaliation.  It hit the wall and shattered into pieces.
I cautiously walked backwards, keeping my eye on the fragments of the possessed stereo.  Dashing to the bathroom in reverse, I stepped into a freezing cold shower to help shake me from my frightened reverie.  I forgot to take off my clothes in my state of overwhelming panic.  Laughing from the absurdity of my life and this crazy turn of events…why didn’t I just go to lunch with Krista?!
Shivering uncontrollably, I finally turned off the water.  I peeled off my wet clothes and wrapped up in a towel.  The hallway was quiet and undisturbed as I tiptoed toward my bedroom.  Then, I peered around the corner to look inside.
I had almost convinced myself that everything would be perfectly normal, but it was still the same chaotic mess.  I found an outfit and then, I cleaned up the wreckage.  I considered all the possibilities of what just occurred.  The best I could come up with was this house must be haunted.
“Come out, come out…wherever you are,” I said aloud and held my breath in anticipation.
No apparition appeared and nothing out of the ordinary happened.
I managed to get my bedroom back in order before Tray got home from work.  We had long, unusual gaps in our dinner conversation.  The persistent ringing was making my head throb and also making it hard to concentrate.  He told me more about his boss, who he seems to admire.  Then, he told me about his difficult day of complicated car repairs.  He talked in ‘mechanic-speak’ – his native language.  I mainly nodded in response because I didn’t know how to interpret.
Still frightened by the ‘haunted-cyclone-possessed-stereo’ incident, I pretended to fall asleep on the couch.  In true brotherly fashion, Tray covered me up with a blanket and left me, alone.  I would end up lying awake all night because of the ringing in my ears.  I decided to go straight to the nurse’s office since they are obviously injured.  I just hope I don’t have permanent hearing damage.
“Um, Ember, it’s like a tomb in this house.  Something’s definitely missing.  So, where’d your stereo take off to?” Tray inquired as he sat down at the table to eat breakfast.
“It kinda…broke…” I offered.
Sadly, I didn’t think about the fact that Tray would notice the lack of music.  I play the stereo every morning, all morning long.  It’s part of our usual routine.
“How exactly, does something ‘kinda break’?” he asked me, curiously.
I shrugged my shoulders and prayed that he would just drop the subject.  That would never happen – not with my brother, at least.
“Okay, I get it.  You’re not ready to explain that nonsense, yet.  Guess that means I’ve gotta figure it out for myself.  Where’d you put the ‘kinda broken’ stereo?  I’ll see if I can ‘sorta’ fix it,” Tray stated and looked me right in the eye.
“Oh, I’m sure it can’t be fixed.  There’s no need wasting your time.  It shattered into a billion pieces…” I announced, intentionally over-exaggerating my voice in an effort to cover my distress.
“And, you forgot to tell me anything about this, because…” Tray said slowly, narrowing his gaze.
I had no explanation I could share, so I stared at him, speechless.  I’m always and forever listening to music.  I love the beats and the rhythms.  Music can lift a person to the highest, heights or lower them deep into the depths of depression.  We’ve lived without a television on many occasions, but we always have a stereo – a way for me to escape into a world of my own.
“I, um, I didn’t exactly forget that it happened.  I just didn’t want you to rush out and go buy a new one.  We don’t have the extra money for it, right now.  Besides, it was my fault that it got busted,” I stated, looking at the floor.
Even though my statements are the truth, I still feel guilty.  I’ve never kept anything from my brother before.  But, I don’t want him to know that I’m a mental case in the making.  In order to prevent that from happening, I chose to deflect the question.
“Ah, sure, ok – lemme know how that works out for you.  I don’t see us living without a stereo for very long, but you’re in charge of the money, I just earn it…” Tray said, half-heartedly.
“I didn’t mean it like that…” I countered with a slight edge in my voice.
He dismissed my protests and finally retrieved the broken stereo from the garbage.  Tray looked over the pieces with astonishment.  I could see the unasked questions behind his ocean colored eyes.  After his investigation, even he had to admit the stereo is beyond repair.
I wonder if Tray feels like I’m spending all of his hard earned money and he never gets a say…
That thought bothered me, tremendously.  He had already given up his entire youth in order to raise me.  So, he should at least be able to buy what he wants to, from time to time.  But, this isn’t something for him.  It’s for me and has to be replaced because of something I did.  It seems that I’m destined to feel guilty about my brother’s life, regardless of my good intentions.
We rode to school in tense silence – well, except for the ringing in my ears…

Chapter Fourteen

The school nurse told me to come back during my lunch break.  I guess since I’m not contagious, she feels like I can wait.  She obviously believes that I don’t need to eat, either.  After filling out a late slip, she sent me to class.
Krista was very excited to see me.  She had this unknowable smile on her face as I offered the nurse’s note to my teacher.  My best friend was sitting in the back of the class.  I was located conspicuously in the second row from the front.  Somehow, she still managed to pass me a note.  It read, “I’ve gotta talk to you after class – LIFE & DEATH STUFF”.
The last line would’ve had me panicked, but the silly smiley face at the bottom of the note suggested that everything was fine.  I was very curious, though. I nodded my head to acknowledge her request.
The class continued into a loud, whining infinity.  I could actually feel my best friend fidgeting behind me.  By the time the bell finally rang, I had already gathered my stuff together.  I ran toward the door and pretended not to hear my teacher calling me to pick up the sheet I had missed this morning.
We only had ten minutes between class changes.  I had no idea how much of that time Krista would need to fill me in on whatever the ‘life or death’ situation was.  Intrigued to the point of near desperation, I can’t afford to get distracted by some teacher…
Noisy teenagers filled the hallway, but I had to keep moving.  Krista must have some kind of super powers because she somehow, managed to catch me through the crowd.  She led me through the masses, easily.
“Did you see him??” she squealed in excitement once we were outside.
Her high pitched voice made my ears whine even louder.
“Him, who?” I asked in a low whisper.
“Well, I don’t know his name yet – that’s why I just asked if you’d seen him!  He was in the office this morning and since you came in late I thought you might have crossed paths.  I tried to hang around the front desk area and find out something, but the vice principal told me to beat it.
“So I accessed my large network before class started.  They were useless.  No one seems to know anything about him, at all.  It’s so annoying – all my contacts and still I got NADA on him.  What good does it do to maintain all these connections??  It takes a lot of effort to…”
“Whoa, slow down…” I finally interrupted her.
“Help me!” she exclaimed.
“I take it that this guy is someone you want to know…” I inquired, feeling a little impish despite the head splitting pounding.
“DUH, want to know, need to know, panting in anticipation at this point…it’s dire, Ember because all I have right now is a memory and nothing else…how can I possibly exist if I don’t know what to call him…it’s not like I can just say something like ‘hey you gorgeous new guy’ although that’s the truth of the matter and…” my best friend continued to ramble on.
The warning bell rang out and everyone was scattering quickly.  Krista still held my arm in a vice grip and continued to talk over the ringing.  She was determined to extract the information from me somehow, although I didn’t have any to give her.
“Okay, okay – I will find out what I can, but you have to let go of my arm.  I’ve gotta do something before our next class starts.  I’ve already used my tardy for the day,” I stated urgently and she released me.
I ran down the side of the building and almost collided with a group of guys as I hurried through the doorway.  They were forced to jump out of my way and then they muttered something under their breath.  I said, “Sorry” and kept on running.  The whining in my ears increased in intensity from my mad dash.  Blood painfully, gushed behind my ears.
Tray was leaning against the wall, just outside of his next class.  I was breathless by the time I reached him.  His eyes were wide with alarm.
“Whoa, Ember…what’s wrong??  Why are…” Tray asked in a panic and prepared to continue hurling questions at me.
I motioned for him to stop, because I didn’t have time for his usual inquest.
“No…nothing’s wrong…just need…your help…who’s…new guy…” I choked out between gasps.
“What?  I can’t understand you??”
“Find out about the new guy, please – for Krista…” I stated breathlessly.
“New guy grilling – you got it,” Tray replied happily when he understood that I simply need a favor.
I kissed his cheek and bolted to my second period class.  I squeaked in under the wire.
Krista managed to catch me between every class period, although her other morning classes are on the opposite side of campus.  I told her that I won’t know anything until at least, lunch time, but she couldn’t contain her excitement.  She found me, anyway.  Since she never gave me a chance to speak, she would have no idea how I’m getting the information.
Tray has a ‘way’ with the administrative staff.  I figure the vice principal won’t tell him to leave like he did with Krista.  By lunch time he should have the information.
I sure hope my best friend can maintain that long without it…

Chapter Fifteen

Lunch time arrived and I almost forgot about my scheduled appointment with the nurse.  But sadly, I had no way to forget about my aching ears.  I rushed to her office.  Explaining that something went wrong with my stereo, I told her the volume had turned itself up loud while I was standing in front of it.  The nurse wrote down ‘possible ruptured eardrum’ and I felt myself panic.
She pulled out the instrument to look inside my ears.  Then she checked my eyes, my reflexes and asked a whole bunch of questions after her examination was complete.  I answered them as fast as I could, because I needed to get to the lunchroom.  Since I couldn’t get a word in edgewise with Krista today, she didn’t even know I had this appointment.
My ear drums were still intact although the nurse understood that I felt like they had been destroyed.  She told me to stay in a quiet environment for a few days and my hearing will return to normal – beyond that, there’s nothing else she can do.
“Would you like me to call one of your parents to pick you up…” the nurse offered.
“I need to try and stay for the rest of the day.  I have a quiz and my parents are kinda tied up…” I told her.
She gave me a note for the remainder of the week and told me to go to the emergency room if I become dizzy or start to vomit.  The nurse had given me cotton balls to help muffle the noise.  I stuffed them into my ears.  They didn’t help very much, but something’s better than nothing.  
I ran across campus to find Krista in the loud lunchroom.  The voices echoed around viciously inside my head.  She looked at me urgently, as I approached her.  I knew she would be upset because I was running late.
“What did you find out?  Did you talk to him directly or get it from the secretary?  Spill everything…” Krista stated without giving me a chance to explain.
She mistakenly believes I’ve been discovering information about the new guy, but it’s my brother that has it.
“Oh no, did I miss Tray?” I responded to her inquiry with a question of my own.
It was a pointless and ridiculous thing to say since I knew I had missed our overlap by at least, five minutes.  In fact, my own lunch period was almost over already.  My brother will definitely be in class by now.
“Well, he was in here earlier, but his bell rang a few minutes ago.  I think he left before it rang, but he didn’t say anything to me at all.  What difference does it make whether your brother’s in here or not?” she asked me impatiently.
“He was the one getting all the information for us…” I complained and was frustrated that I’d missed him.
I also knew Tray would be very worried because I didn’t tell him anything about my nurse’s appointment either.  That meant he waited for me to show up for lunch and didn’t know why I never came.  He had probably gone to the library to see if I had wandered into it and gotten distracted somehow.
“Well, text him or call him to get the information…” she pressed me.
“That would be an excellent idea if we had cell phones,” I replied in disappointment.
“How do you two survive without cell phones?  I can’t imagine living without mine…” Krista stated with surprise.
“Well, it’s not easy…” I lied.
Tray and I didn’t really have a need for cells since we are usually together.  When he’s at work, I’m home and we have a landline.  Tray is the only person who transports me – making mobile phones useless.
This is the first time I have ever wished we had an electronic leash.  I hate to make my brother worry about me.  I don’t have any way to get him a message in class either.  We had barely spoken on the way to school this morning and I was entirely responsible for that situation.  He didn’t know anything about my injured ears or my nurse’s appointment.  I didn’t answer his questions when I ordered him to do me a favor or tell him that I loved him before I rushed off to class.  Then, I top it all off by not even showing up at lunch - giving him another reason to worry about me through his next class period.
This has morphed into an ugly trend and I plan to change it this afternoon.  I decided to just tell my brother what’s going on with me regardless of how much it pains me to share.  Tray and I didn’t really have a need for cells since we are usually together.  When he’s at work, I’m home and we have a landline.  Tray is the only person who transports me – making mobile phones useless.
I still don’t want him to think that I’m psychotic.  But I don’t have any choice anymore.  I am at the end of my road.  I need to talk to him.
For the time being though, I had to shove those thoughts aside.  I needed to help Krista find out something about this new guy.  If we didn’t discover something, she was going to explode from anticipation.
“Have you seen him anywhere else?” I asked my best friend.
“No and I’ve run from one end of this school, to the other.  Where on earth could he be hiding??  Oh my heaven help me, you don’t think I just imagined seeing him this morning, do you?” she inquired as her facial features contorted into an expression that I’d never seen before.
“I’m positive you didn’t just imagine him.  Oh wait, I think I might know where he is,” I said as the revelation hit me.
I grabbed my stuff and rushed toward the exit.  Krista followed right behind me.  We only had a few minutes left before our history class started.
Now, it was my turn to pull her along as fast as I could.  She didn’t ask any questions and that was a relief.  My head was still throbbing, unmercifully.  We walked back to the parent/teacher conference room that doubled as the new student lockdown-bore-fest in times of need.  We could both see his profile through the window from the narrow hallway.
Krista positively melted right beside me as she watched the mystery guy through the conference room window.  I knew he was bored because I had been in that orientation just a few weeks ago myself.  Mystery guy’s dark brown hair was about all I could see of him.  I turned to ask her a question, but fell silent and smiled.
She was drinking him in – that’s the only way I knew how to describe it.  She had this soft, doe-eyed expression on her face that reminded me of the first time I ever ate chocolate.  I had never seen anyone fall head over heels so quickly for a stranger until right that moment.  It was an amazing thing to witness.
I knew from experience that the guidance counselor wouldn’t give him a break for at least another forty-five minutes.  Then the warning bell sounded.  I tapped Krista urgently on the shoulder, but she didn’t respond to my gesture.  So, I tapped her again with even more force, in order to get her attention.
“Come on, we gotta get to class!  I promise I’ll find Tray the minute we’re dismissed, but we’ll be late if we don’t leave now.  Your guy won’t get a break from this mind-numbing nonsense for a long time,” I explained to her.
I gave Krista one final tug in the direction of the door.  My best friend sighed heavily and then finally turned around to leave.  As it happens however, destiny would intervene before we could go anywhere at all.
The conference room door opened and mystery guy stepped out into the hallway.  He appeared to be headed toward the restroom.  That meant he would have to walk right by us.  Krista’s mouth dropped open in shock as he approached us.  He would have to squeeze because the hallway was so narrow.
“Excuse me,” mystery guy spoke to my best friend and smiled.
She made no move to get out of his way though.  So I swiftly pulled her back against me.  This barely created enough space for him to squeeze by her.  His arm brushed against hers and I felt the resulting chills as they raced up her arm excitedly.
“Sorry,” he offered over his shoulder to my speechless best friend.
He smiled at her again and even hesitated.  For one awkward moment, he stood in place and waited on her to smile or say something in response.  It was obvious that he wanted to talk to her.  She was so stunned that she couldn’t react at all.  Mystery Guy shook his head and continued to walk to the boy’s restroom, evidently confused by Krista’s unusual behavior.  I hoped he would give her a chance to speak to him when she got her voice back.  This could end up being one of those stories couples talk about on their 50th wedding anniversary.  This scenario was so much cooler than any ‘Ember-intrigue’ I could make up too.
Mystery Guy has light grayish eyes and dark brown hair.  He was only an inch or two taller than me – trim but well built.  He was smaller than the average high school guy.  Judging by his size, I would have assumed he is about twelve or thirteen years old.  My perception might be skewed though, since I live with a giant.  I only had about fifteen seconds to look him over too before he finally disappeared.  That meant that I could have been off by a few years or inches in either direction.
Krista watched mystery guy as if the Creator himself had just graced us with his presence.  I clearly wasn’t seeing what she saw in him though.  To me, Mystery Guy looks like every other non-descript teenage boy that went to school here – only perhaps a little smaller.  It wasn’t my opinion that mattered.  I was deliriously happy for my best friend.  It would be wonderful to be able to see him through her eyes somehow.  That way I would know what she found so fascinating.
We escaped into the main hallway just in time to hear the final bell ring for our history class.  Krista didn’t pay any attention to it.  She put her back up against the lockers and was out of breath like we had been running a marathon.  She hugged her books as if they were something extraordinary with a faraway look in her eyes.
I finally convinced her to go sit with me in the library.  It was our only available choice unless we went to the boiler room together.  But, the dark clique kids might be down there right now, having a group ditching session.  We couldn’t risk walking into something like that.
We sat near the back of the library.  Although we weren’t hidden from view, these seats were the closest ones to seclusion.  We opened up our history books so we could at least give the illusion that we were doing something school related.
Krista whispered incessantly about her Mystery Guy.  She speculated about everything, but she didn’t ask me to make up an ‘Ember-intrigue’ for him.  I think she wanted to find out the real deal because she might get confused otherwise.
It was almost pleasant sitting in the library.  I should have thought of this idea before now.  My ears are still blaring, but at least nothing tries to challenge the ringing in this quiet environment.  I closed my eyes and listened happily as my best friend wondered aloud about the new boy on campus.  It felt like only thirty seconds before she was ready to go find Tray.
“Your brother’s class gets released in about twenty five minutes.  Can we please leave now so we’ll be there the second he comes out?” Krista whispered softly and I watched her wiggling around in her chair from anticipation.
“Sure we can,” I agreed and stood up.
“By the way, what’s with the cotton stuffed in your ears?” she finally asked about my new accessories.
I told her the watered down version of what happened as we walked in class-ditching-stealth-mode toward Tray’s classroom.  We leaned against the wall and waited for my brother.  She looked down the hallway in one direction and I looked down the other.
Krista apologized for not asking about why I was late this morning and for forcing me to skip history class.
“Your news is way more important than my ringing ears.  The nurse couldn’t do anything to help me besides give me cotton balls and tell me to stay somewhere quiet.  So that appointment was a waste of time.  And you know my history assignments are already completed through the end of the year.  Unless the teacher gives us a pop quiz or a handout, we’re not missing anything vital…” I whispered to her.
For some reason, Tray’s teacher dismissed his class twenty minutes early.  It was good that we were waiting outside the door or we might have missed him.  My brother goes to work when this class is released.  Then, he uses his entire work break to pick me up from school and drive me home.  Then, he goes back and works for another few hours.
I made a mental note to thank Tray for everything he does for me before I tell him about my current turmoil.  After all, I have been keeping some big stuff from him.  This is not normal because we are always honest with each other.  I’m embarrassed just thinking about how secretive I’ve become.  I had only done it to protect him.  Once the information is out, his anxiety level will drastically increase.  That’s what happens when someone you love needs a straitjacket, I suppose.  Although I hate the idea that he will think I am a rubber room candidate, some type of mental health intervention might be required.  I need to talk to my brother…
The instant the classroom door opened, I remembered to yank both cotton balls out of my ears.  The noise slammed into my brain like an unwelcome, drunken guest inside an echo chamber.  I quickly shoved them into my pocket even though I needed to keep them in.
No need to scare him until I can at least explain some stuff…
“Hey, kiddo one and kiddo two,” my brother added after seeing Krista standing beside me.  “Ember, I realize the lunch today left a lot to be desired, but you could’ve at least made an appearance for my sake.”
“Never mind the lunch thing.  I’ll explain everything to you later – I promise,” I stated with the emphasis on everything.
Tray offered me a sideways grin, and casually put his arm around my neck.  He obviously understood my meaning too because I could feel his body relax against my shoulder.  I tried to take some comfort in the gesture because I’m not sure if my brother will ever relax again once he hears the unabridged truth about my insane life as of late.
Krista had to run beside us just to keep up the pace.  She tugged violently at my shirt sleeve in her impatience.  We had been waiting for this all day and she couldn’t stand the suspense anymore.
“Well, how long you gonna keep us in the dark?  What’d you find out about our Mystery Guy?” I asked him urgently because we were itching to discover what he knew.
I sincerely hoped that my ridiculous made-up title didn’t rub off and stick to the poor boy.  Tray and I both knew how hard it was being the new kid at school.  It was bad enough to get stared at, pointed at and talked about, but titles like ‘Mystery Guy’ had a way of hanging around.
“His name is Greg La Cour and he’s a freshman.  He just moved to this area from Philadelphia with his parents.  His mother is a biologist and his father is some kind of hotshot executive at a factory near here.  He has one younger brother named George who’s in seventh grade and one older brother in college.
“Greg’s one of those ‘computer genius’ types – as in he plays video games and can probably program them too.  He has every system, including the Nintendo DSI and more games than he could name.  His Nintendo is currently in his left cargo pants pocket along with two games, but I can’t remember which two he said they were.  Oh, I hope you don’t mind Ember, but I shared your trick of hiding the device in an oversized sweatshirt pocket with him.  I figure there would be less chance of it getting discovered because he can keep his hands stuffed inside along with it.
“This is the second Nintendo he’s had to purchase because his first one is still currently locked down in the vice principal’s office at his last school.  Let’s see, oh yeah, he has this dark sense of humor.  It’s flippin’ hilarious.  I would bet good money that he’ll end up in some Ivy League school of video game computer technology and make zillions.  That last part was my best psychic prediction, but the rest is straight from the horse’s mouth,” Tray stated.
Krista was captivated.  I was shocked that she wasn’t taking notes or something.  Later, I would realize she didn’t have to write anything down.  She could repeat every single detail in the same order my brother had stated them.
“The point of the grilling session was to find out if Greg was or is currently attached,” I offered with an exasperated tone.
“Not that he told me, but that’s not something guys share with other guys they’ve just met.  Well, unless they happen to be dating a super model…” he offered sarcastically.  “But, my best, educated male guess is the guy is likely free for attachment purposes.  Hope that helps…” Tray said to Krista and smiled widely.
“Now, I’ve gotta jet Little Girl, but I’ll be back around 2:45 and expect you to share that ‘everything’ with me,” Tray told me.
I prepared to duck because I thought he was going to rub my head.  He smiled like he just read my mind and slid into the driver’s seat.  My brother winked at me before he backed out of the parking space.
“He’s not seeing anyone!  Woo-hoo!!” Krista exclaimed, deliriously happy that Greg is available.
Even outside, her voice sent what felt like a lightning bolt of pain through my throbbing brain.  I retrieved the cotton balls from my pocket right then and stuffed them back into my ears.  Krista whispered “oops…sorry”.
We were both amazed at the amount of information Tray had managed to discover and from THE source himself, no less.  Krista and I parted ways just as the warning bell sounded.  I sat down at my desk with three minutes to spare.  About twenty five minutes into the lecture, the bell rang to dismiss us.  I was perplexed because it wasn’t time to go to my next class already.  I watched as all the students gathered their books and swiftly exited the classroom.
“Why did the bell ring so early?” I asked my teacher curiously.
“Don’t you remember?  We have a school-wide assembly today for spirit week.  All afternoon classes are abbreviated,” she replied.
I ran to find Krista because I knew I couldn’t survive through that noisy chaos.  She was still on Cloud Nine when I located her.  I explained that I wouldn’t be in the assembly this afternoon and she understood why.  Before I headed back to the office to call Tray, I thought about something.
“Wait Krista…this assembly provides us with a unique opportunity.  Greg will need to be escorted to the gymnasium since he’ll have no clue where to find it.  They usually select a student to do that.  They’ll dismiss him from new student orientation so he can attend.  If you make yourself available then you could possibly walk with him…” I told her quietly.
Remembering my injured ears, she refrained from shouting.  I quickly provided her with precise details about how to make this happen.  It was interesting when I realized my experience made this little plan possible.  Who would have thought the new student bore-fest would yield any positive results?
My best friend repeated all the information to me so I knew that she had it down pat.  Then, she gave me a quick hug and told me that she owed me, big.  Krista gave me her word that she would follow the plan exactly.  Before she left, I reminded her of the importance of using her real voice and not her imaginary one.
My head was screaming in protest from the incessant ringing in my ears.  I found the school nurse and asked her if I could use the phone to call for a ride home.  Mr. Jansen said Tray was in town picking up a part.  He offered to come and pick me up, but I told him I would just wait in the nurse’s office.  He promised to relay the message and I thanked him.
The nurse gave me two painkillers to take.  It turns out medication does not sit well on an empty tummy.  I made it over to the sink just in time to get sick.
“I think you should lie down in here until your parent arrives.  Just rest, I’ll be back in a bit to check up on you,” she offered sympathetically and dimmed the lights as she left.
I couldn’t close my eyes because I would keel over.  Tray had informed me that I have been talking in my sleep and he looked extremely concerned when he revealed it.  So whatever I was chatting about was something that scared him.  I have no way to control what I say while I’m unconscious.  Falling asleep this close to an adult isn’t a risk I can take.
My toothbrush and toothpaste were in the side pocket of my backpack.  Although I brushed my teeth four times in a row, it only took ten minutes.  I propped the bed up so I would be in an upright position as I considered my entertainment options.
My portable CD player was in my backpack, but that’s where it would have to stay.  The school nurse will confiscate it.  I was scared to eat a snack.  My only distraction option was reading a book.  Although I did make an effort, I couldn’t concentrate.  And my ears are whining even louder from the silence.  Struggling to stay awake, I watched the hands of the clock drag on.  I should have gone to my class.
My thoughts started to drift around.  I wonder if the dark clique kids are down in the basement, ditching class right now.  I glanced toward the door and thought about exploring the boiler room, but decided against it.  The nurse would be back in to check on me and I figured I would get in trouble if I just disappeared.
The efforts to remain alert were all for naught because I didn’t have anything to keep me occupied.  My mind wandered through all my worries, Krista and Greg’s possible relationship, Tray’s reaction to the news that I’m a raving psychotic and a laundry list of other concerns.  I couldn’t remain focused on any one thing for more than a few seconds.  I made the major mistake of closing my eyes and fell asleep sitting up…

Chapter Sixteen

The shadows followed my footsteps.  Although I thought I saw possible slivers of sunlight ahead, I couldn’t seem to escape from the darkness.  I heard unearthly noises – like calls from wild animals in unseen places.  The chilling sounds surrounded me.
I squinted into the darkness and saw three different paths to take.  I knew horrors would lie in wait – no matter which one I chose.  The shadows are everywhere and they are prepared to devour me.  I couldn’t just stand in place for very long because that would be dangerous.  So, I tried to force my feet to move forward, as the darkness tried to convince me to stand still.  I continued to hesitate – I was unable to fully commit.  I can’t trust myself anymore.  Danger encircled me.  The darkness would consume me because of my indecision.
By the time I finally made my choice, the paths had vanished.  I have nothing to guide me through the shadows.  If I remained stationary then, I would certainly die.  My indecision had cost me a tremendous amount because I had lost all sense of direction.  I could hear my own heart beating.  I begged the god of this universe to please just send me a sign.  Something I could understand…a direction…a place to start.
Then, I heard Tray calling my name, somewhere in the distance.  I felt the darkness laughing…it wants to consume everything…devour my soul.  My brother was searching for me in the shadows.  I had no choices left!  I was already dead and had been that way from the beginning.
The shadows had used those darkened paths as a ploy to lead me further away from Tray.  They would take our souls if I allowed it.  I would sacrifice everything before I would surrender him to my shrouded fate.
So, I would permit the darkness to surround me because it was my hesitation that landed us here.  It should be my sacrifice to make.
The shadows understood my decision and agreed to release my brother.  He will go free because of my surrender.
I felt the life begin to drain from my body.  I tried to yell and tell him to leave here immediately.  He needs to return to the light.  When I opened my mouth to shout, no words were issued.  Nothing, but black sand poured from my lips.  There was no surprise as I realized that I had been betrayed by the darkness – never trust in the shadows.
The black sand covered my feet and I was choking to death.  I clawed helplessly at my neck.  Then, I fell to the ground in desperation…I had to stop Tray somehow!  Suddenly, the black sand turned into a pit of molten fire.  It was pulling me down toward Hades – into the House of the Shadow Fall.  I couldn’t struggle anymore.  It would take my brother too, but I was helpless to stop it.  Nothing was left inside of me – I was empty.  I felt my life force and my spirit slipping quickly beneath the fiery surface into the hands of the eternally lost.
Somewhere in the deepest part of my heart, the Creator whispered to me.  He told me exactly what to do in order to live through the darkness.
I knew how to save myself – save Tray – save us all from our darkened fate…
I should have listened closely to the Creator’s warning and acted without hesitation…
The wicked Shadow Fall consumed the last remnants of my life…
The answer was given…an instant too late…

Chapter Seventeen

I fell off of the examination table and knocked over the nurse’s instruments in my blind descent to the floor.  I was panting in outright terror and disoriented.  I couldn’t remember where I was until the crashing noise intensified the ringing in my ears.  I groaned as my memory flooded into my awareness.  I stumbled around in the dimly lit space, gathering the scattered items.
The nurse rushed into the room and flipped on both sets of lights in fear.  The harsh lights added another insult to my already pain racked head.
“Oh my goodness, what just happened?  Are you okay?” she questioned me as she helped me up from the floor.
“I’ll live.  Sorry ‘bout your stuff,” I offered.
She retrieved my book and my LED light handed them to me.  Fortunately, my portable CD player was still in my backpack or I would be headed to detention when I return to school.  The clock on the wall revealed that I had only slept for about ten minutes.  Tray should be here soon to pick me up.  Once the room was back in order, I thanked the nurse, apologized again and told her I would just go wait outside for my parents.
I ran into the nearest bathroom and splashed cold water on my face.  I barely recognized myself in the mirror.  I looked just like a ghost because that nightmare had felt so real.  After taking a few minutes to build up my courage, I examined my neck.  Thankfully, my skin was flawless – not a single claw mark in sight.
I was still shaking all over and I didn’t want anyone to see me like this.  So I decided to just hide out in the last stall because it was more spacious than the others.  I prepared to pull out my CD player and listen to music – on a very low volume – until it was time to go outside to meet my brother.  Turns out that fate would have something else in store for me entirely.
The muffled voices were approaching the door fast and I felt my heart skip a beat.  There’s no reason to be anxious.  I certainly wasn’t doing anything wrong by sitting in the restroom.  It was inexplicable, but I still pulled my feet up so no one could see them.
I sat, fully dressed on the toilet with my arms wrapped around my knees.  Fear surged through my body.  My instincts told me that I shouldn’t let anyone know I was in here.
In life, sometimes survival can depend on carefully following the instructions of your inner whispers...
I heard two distinct female voices laughing as they entered the restroom.  Their laughter stopped abruptly, when one shushed the other.  I knew they were looking under the stalls for the telltale signs of other girls.  I held my breath nervously and waited to see if my presence would be discovered.  They must have been satisfied that they were alone because a few seconds later they resumed their conversation in a normal tone.
“This little welcoming party for the new guy should be very entertaining,” girl one stated.
“We are certainly overdue for some fun and drama around this place.  You realize the guys never properly welcomed the airhead and the hulk.  That is quite a pity…” the second girl stated and something about the way she said ‘welcomed’ brought chills to my arms.
“They have had ample opportunity to welcome the airhead.  Although I am ashamed to admit it, I fear the guys are afraid to take on the hulk…” girl one countered.
I knew they were talking about me and Tray.  Their insults didn’t bother me in the least.  I had attended many tough, inner city schools throughout my life.  So I had been called much worse names than an airhead.  However, I was extremely curious about what their little welcoming party entailed, because it didn’t sound very welcoming at all.
Greg is smaller than the average high school guy so that is already a problem.  Wounds to the male ego at any age usually can’t be repaired.  My best friend Krista will also be walking right into the same welcoming party because I knew she would take my advice.
She won’t be walking into any nightmarish situation if I can figure out some way to stop it…
I pulled the cotton balls out of my ears, so I could hear their conversation better.  I didn’t know many people yet.  I knew I would never be able to distinguish these girls’ voices from any of the others.  I shifted quietly and tried desperately to see who they are.  I could only see a set of hands though from this stall.  A set of manicured hands wouldn’t be much help for identification purposes.
“It’s a ridiculous catch-22 – no one is willing to welcome the airhead, because they are terrified of what the hulk might do when he finds out.  At least that’s what I think.  I know Cam was blustering about trying to welcome her.  I discovered that he was all talk and no action.  I offered to help him out when we were alone and he still backed down!  Can you believe that??  He even said I could do it myself if I wanted to try.  He expected me – a girl – to attempt a welcoming party without any assistance from the guys.
“Well, I blatantly dared them at lunch, but they all flatly refused to do it.  It’s like some odd spineless curse has swept over them.  My dare might have prompted them back into action at least, because the guys have been diligently working since then on this scheme for the next new student.  It is top-top secret.  The fireworks should start right before assembly.
“I am still ashamed of the bunch of cowards.  They refuse to welcome a 90 pound red riding hood because they are too frightened of the big, bad wolf.  He is not even here to protect her.  All I can say is this had better turn out to be an excellent welcoming party today.  Otherwise none of the guys we share lunch with will even register in my orbit anymore,” girl two stated wickedly.
“So the guys have given up welcoming the airhead, entirely??  She is alone every afternoon – well, maybe not by herself per se, but she is without him.  That means she is available to be properly welcomed by the guys.  The big, bad wolf leaves campus early every day – it’s not like he could prevent it.  What could he do about it anyway, even if he did manage to figure out which guys were involved?  It’s not like he can take them all on,” girl one coaxed.
“Be my guest and try to reason with them if you believe you can do any better.  I would wager, you will get precisely what I received – which was nothing.  You will not succeed in convincing them because they will only work as a pack.  Now that I consider it more closely, one guy must have refused to welcome her and that is the reason for their cowardice.  If one guy says ‘no’ then it stands to reason they would all say ‘no’…”
“That makes perfect sense so I wonder which one dissented…”
“I have no idea and no one will tell me.  They always close ranks when one declines – it’s absurd.  Wait, perhaps we should plan something for red riding hood ourselves.  It would set an example for the spineless boys and I cannot envision the big, bad wolf taking on a bunch of girls in retaliation…”
“We would probably be wasting our efforts to plan that welcoming party because I hear that red riding hood is a deformed freak.  She would likely scare us before we could do anything to her.  She hides under that hood so she must be warped in some way – like one of those sideshow people in the carnival.  We should channel our efforts to the next new female…” girl one stated tentatively.
“Well, I assure you she is not deformed in any visible way, so we’re perfectly safe from being terrorized by looking at her.  The freak part – now that’s a different story altogether…” girl two replied.
I had no idea what transpired between them – a look or a gesture maybe – but they both found it hilarious.
“Oh yeah, that’s right!  Ginger told me about how you had the rare opportunity to scope her out in the lunchroom.  So tell me all about our newest side show attraction.  It appears as though we might need to get our first all-girls welcoming party together, after all…” offered girl one, clearly building up her courage.
“Sadly, there’s not that much to tell you.  She is precisely like all the other freaks she sits with.  They must have some type of internal radar.  Apparently, losers can zero in on other losers and then, they band together.  I suppose they do this out of sheer desperation.  It’s quite pathetic if you think about it.  The airhead was spaced out.  She positively could not take her eyes off of me though so she must be thoroughly jealous.  It was a strange encounter however, I would not expect anything else from the airhead freak girl,” girl two added.
So the second girl is my challenger from that lunchroom-stare-down match – ‘Cat Girl’…
“Does she look at all like the gorgeous wolf?”
“No and that’s fortunate for him.  The wolf has definite potential, but he would have to be willing to lose the losers first.  Honestly, it’s almost frightening.  He is attached to that airhead like she is in constant danger of permanently floating away,” Cat Girl replied sarcastically.
“Potential, huh – that’s an understatement.  I believe every girl in this forsaken school has thrown themselves at him, and yet he has NO interest in them.  Perhaps he has an attachment to someone from the last school that he attended…”
“You should make Johnnie aware of your assessment.  He gets furious just watching the wolf walk anywhere near you.  After their collective chicken act, maybe you should toss yourself at the wolf and see if he will bite.  I have never met a guy that could resist you.  Then, he would forget all about the airhead and she would be ours for the welcoming,” Cat Girl offered and my mouth dropped wide open in shock.
Cat Girl called her friend irresistible, but her tone suggested something else.  I knew that she didn’t believe her own words.  Not to mention the insane fact that Cat Girl told her “friend” to whore her body out to get my brother’s attention.  Her friend didn’t slap her face or even get offended??
What kind of girls are they???
“Johnnie’s juvenile tendencies are not my problem.  Hey, do you truly believe I could get big, bad wolf’s attention?” she questioned Cat Girl dreamily and I had to hold my breath to keep a horrified gasp from escaping.
“Absolutely, you have precisely what he needs…” Cat Girl stated and then added nothing further.
This was thoroughly frustrating – I wouldn’t get to hear what she thought Tray needed.  He didn’t need her or anyone she knew for sure.  That still didn’t mean I wasn’t curious to discover it.
“You are so much prettier than me though.  Maybe you should play the bait,” the first girl hedged again – either she was scared to attempt it or she thought Cat Girl would have a better chance at catching Tray.
“It seems you are forgetting something important.  I have my sights set on higher positions.  I could not possibly risk someone discovering that I have attempted to obtain the wolf’s interest.  That would prove to be counterproductive.  Also, my time would be consumed since I would have to mastermind the whole plan.  However, if you are too scared to do it…” Cat Girl called her out.
“I’m not scared!  I just think you are much prettier and more his type.  Maybe we could get someone else to be the bait because I will need to assist you in the planning phase…” girl one declared.
“We’ll have to discuss it later because the welcoming party should begin in a few minutes.  We do not want to miss the “make-up” fun with the new guy.  Who knows, maybe the airhead will present herself?  The guys would not be able to chicken out if she just happened to walk into the line of fire.  Not with everyone watching…” their voices faded as they exited the bathroom.
Once I was positive they were gone, I ran out of the bathroom stall in a panic.  I began to pace nervously.  Should I do something or nothing?  What could I do even if I wanted to do something?
My hideous nightmare came back to me.  Indecision is dangerous!  The dark clique girls had been right – Tray will not get here in time to stop this from happening.  I couldn’t tell the principal or a teacher either because what would I say to them.  “Some kids are gonna do something to the new kid and me if I go near them?”  It sounded ridiculous and paranoid.  My ears are still ringing and my head hurts so badly that I almost gave up.
“Please help me!  I need a plan…” I whispered to the Creator.
Then a strange thing happened.  That same gentle certainty welled up inside of me – just like the day I had that stared down episode with Cat Girl in the cafeteria.  My apprehension was replaced with a righteous type of conviction.  A strategy materialized, but I would need to hurry.  I left my backpack lying in the last stall because it would slow me down.  I can’t afford any delays.  Hopefully, no one will discover it before I returned to retrieve it.
I rushed out of the bathroom, ran to Krista’s locker and yanked out the necessary items.  Then, I raced back to the bathroom to put my plan into action.
I hope I have enough time to save them…

Chapter Eighteen

Once I emerged from the girl’s bathroom, I ran outside.  I only had a few minutes before the bell rang and the students would go to the assembly.  I pressed my body against the wall and waited breathlessly.  Several people walked by me, but they didn’t seem to notice I was anywhere around.  I wasn’t sure whether to take that as a good or bad sign, although I didn’t want anyone to see me until the last possible minute.
Krista’s iPod was among her things and I borrowed it to help give me courage.  If I get caught, I will have to figure out some way to buy her a new one.  I can’t think about that right now.  I didn’t recognize the song that was playing, but it didn’t matter.  My left ear whined louder in complaint, but I ignored it.
Hopefully, Krista will forgive me for borrowing her iPod without asking her permission.  My own portable CD player is too bulky in this particular situation.  Her device is so small that I can hide it in the palm of my hand.
The strategic position I chose provides me with a clear view of the administrative offices where Krista is waiting and I can still watch the DC group gathering outside the gym.
Sure enough, a large number of kids are waiting near the far end of the breezeway, close to the gymnasium doors.  The guys are standing in the front of the crowd.  The girls are waiting behind them in the shadows.  I still have no clue what they have cooked up for Greg, but I whispered a prayer to the Creator.
My best friend was standing beside the office mailboxes – right where I told her to wait.  Fortunately Greg is still nowhere in sight.  So for the moment, they are both safe.
I hope that Tray has been telling me the truth and not just complimenting me because he’s my brother.  Otherwise, things will likely get very, very ugly in more ways than one.  I felt the laughter rising at my unintended pun, but somehow managed to keep it at bay.
The bell rang - it’s show time.  As I walked directly toward the dark clique crowd, I felt like a psychotic lamb running toward the slaughterhouse with an axe in my mouth.  I am a lamb that knows she is about to buy the farm instead of trying to run or hide in fear.  I will walk right over to the butchers and offer myself up like a sacrificial offering.  I have never had a friend like Krista before.  I love her and I will sacrifice anything to protect her.
Tray must have been telling me the truth – at least partially.  The first two boys I walked by stopped and stared at me with some type of weird reverence.  I continued my journey and avoided looking at them directly.  I didn’t want to lose my courage because of my modesty issues.
I had pulled off every last layer of my clothing except for my undergarments and fitted, black long sleeved undershirt.  The shirt’s neckline plunged to a dangerous level and revealed more cleavage than any swimsuit I had ever worn.  I felt like one big curve because the Creator had recently blessed me in that department.
Tray would come unglued just looking at this outfit on a hanger – no way would he ever permit me to wear it.
Krista’s tiny black mini skirt hugged my hips.  The belt I had selected that morning must have been destined because the sleek silver buckle matched her sandals perfectly.
I had taken my hair down and it waved like I had curled it with a hot iron.  I had never used makeup before this afternoon so it felt like I had on a mask.  I had been terrified that I would look like a clown.  The expressions on their faces made me realize that I was likely safe from being shanghaied by the circus.
This is my first experience wearing any type of heels, so I walked slowly.  I kept repeating the phrase “…grace under pressure.”  I didn’t know if my little chant would help me in any meaningful way, but it gave me something other than my skimpy outfit to concentrate on.
My brother will have a stroke if he sees me wearing this mini-skirt…
The closer I got to the dark clique, the more daring I felt.  I didn’t have a script or a dialogue prepared.  I sincerely hope though, that my transformation from airhead freak to hot girl would distract the ‘dark’ guys long enough to let Krista and Greg pass by safely.  None of their girls knew what their dastardly plan encompassed.  So, I felt confident that I only needed to distract the dark clique guys and that’s precisely what I plan to do.  I would have to deal with the inevitable fall out from this upcoming situation at some point I was sure.
Or my brother would deal with it for me…
I tried not to think about what that particular fall out might involve.  Then the song that had been playing faded and suddenly a song that I knew came on.  It was named “Scream With Me”.
How appropriate is that??
Clearing my mind, I walked with, what I hoped at least, was a cool, mindless confidence of an airhead suddenly turned into a hot chick.  I had seen many girls walk like they had never had a moment of doubt in their entire existence.  That stance is necessary if I want to succeed.
The wind had been perfectly still all day, but it picked right then to start blowing.  My hair lifted away from my neck in response.  This sent a chill throughout my body, but I didn’t pay any attention to it.  I was focused on my goal a few feet away.
Then something mystifying and unexpected happened.  I was forcibly stopped – dead in my tracks.  I had somehow run right into the center of an invisible bubble of some kind??
I could feel its substance as I reached out to touch it with the palm of my hand.  I couldn’t see what it was made of and I couldn’t seem to pass through it, either.  I marveled at this strange turn-of-events.  I refuse to be imprisoned by the bubble because I need to save my friend.  Determined to break free, I pushed with my mind against my unseen captor.  The bubble finally gave, slightly.  It felt like melting rubber and I started to walk forward again.
It continued to melt as I concentrated even harder.  I was able to walk a few more steps until something else unbelievable happened.  The bubble started to appear before my eyes.  I stopped walking instantly and stared at it in wonder.  My prison looks like a sheer net made out of a wispy, silver fog.
A subtle field of pure electricity suddenly sizzled around me.  I felt the gentle warmth before I saw the streams of light.  I blinked, not quite believing what was happening.  Delicate, white beams illuminated from every inch of my body.  Although I knew the temperature was only thirty-three degrees when I had stepped outside, the wind that stirred around me felt as warm as a June breeze.
At first, the light that glowed from my body seemed to have a mind of its own.  It lifted and then streaked down toward the ground.  I wondered curiously what it would feel like if it returned back inside of me.  Would it feel like a streak of lightning?  I suppose I should have been scared, but I was only fascinated by it.  I continued to watch the brilliant light as it lifted skyward, seemed to strike the top of my bubble and dove back toward the ground in a wild frenzy.
Then, it was as if the Creator took control of the light in his hands.  It formed into a giant swirling mass and spun around like a disco ball.  I decided to see if I could manipulate the light like I did the silver fog.  The brilliant light had come from inside me, after all.  So, I willed the light to expand and contract and it obeyed my instructions!
The sultry air inside my bubble caressed my exposed flesh as I manipulated the light.  The wind seemed to comfort me.  I inhaled deeply, drawing some of the light back inside myself.  It didn’t feel like lightning at all.  In fact, it was a heavenly experience.  I was being mesmerized – hypnotized by the beautiful illumination.
Somehow through my wonderful distraction, I remembered my ultimate goal.  I expanded the light again, but this time I would use it to escape from this shimmering prison.
The fog-like silver mist wasn’t prepared to give up.  The bubble collapsed and I almost fell forward.  It quickly reshaped into what looked like a ribbon.  The ribbon of fog penetrated my light, little by little.  It slowly and methodically wove through the white aura until it floated across my feet.  As it inched its way up, around my ankles, I watched in awe.  The celestial light that used to be inside of me appeared to move aside without my permission.  It wants to share its space with the encroaching mist.
Higher and higher, the ribbon of mist climbed my body and wove its way around me.  It reached the edge of my miniskirt and weaved its way around the fabric.  The ribbon looped around my torso and, although I could clearly see it shimmering on the outside of my clothing, I could feel it sliding against my bare skin.  The mist feels so lush and warm – like being hugged by a tropical ocean breeze…
The light retreated to make way for the mist.  It glowed with renewed brightness.  It had reshaped as well and looked like a ribbon of light.  The ribbon of brilliant light was entwined with the shimmering ribbon of silver mist.  I wanted to reach out and touch them with my fingertips, but it felt almost irreverent.
Then the silver fog stopped near my heart.  It was like it suddenly needed my permission to continue its climb.  It was a consent that I just couldn’t give – no matter how much I wanted it.
I still needed to cross the divide between the dark clique and me…
I needed to save my best friend…
Save Greg…
Sacrifice…myself…
The silver mist shimmered, undecidedly and then sparkled with renewed brilliance.  I shielded my eyes from its illumination, but it still left sunspots in its wake.  Then the ribbon of mist streamed around me – up, up, up – it climbed.  I tried weakly to protest because I knew what I needed to do.  I tried halfheartedly to force the light from inside to give into my demands.  I needed it to stop the rising heavenly fog that was currently consuming me.
The light refused my command as the glittering silver mist swirled around my eyes.  Tiny flecks of celestial fire sparkled and crackled before my gaze.  The fog is breathing in unison with me.  Being stirred by the wind, it shimmered and caressed my face.  As the silver mist wrapped around my forehead, I could almost hear it call to me.  I had to hold my breath in order to hear what it was saying.
“You must stop…stay there…”
Normally, I would have considered that a challenge and one that would have made me want to do the exact opposite of the demand.  This experience is so far from normal that I find myself nodding in agreement with the voice.
Still, I desperately need to break the hypnotic spell.  The silver mist will do my bidding.  I knew it would retreat this time if I issued the command…
I wanted to give in…
I needed the silver mist to consume me…
I surrendered to it then….
Unknown minutes ticked by as I stood there, transfixed.  My mind uselessly struggled to regain some type of its power and control over me.  The mesmerizing silver mist held me fully captive inside its magical embrace.
I eventually looked down toward the ground.  My inner light was streaming out of me.  It was flowing like a babbling brook down the breezeway to something, unseen.  I tried to squint and see through the veil of light and silver mist.  I almost managed to clear my line of sight when the silver fog recaptured my attention with a vengeance.
It fully surrounded my face in a dazzling display and I inhaled in surprise.  My breath captured a stream of silver mist.  It filled my awaiting lungs like it was pure, fresh air.  As the silver mist became a part of me, I was overwhelmed with a euphoric type of pleasure.  It wasn’t forbidden or sinful – it was right and it was righteous.  The silver mist is everything to me…
Never had I experienced anything like this before.  I felt every single ounce of my being locked tightly inside this pure celestial rapture.  I continued to inhale more of it.  It seemed to flow directly into my spirit.  Heavenly emotions swept through me with a strong, unbelievable force.
The light exploded around me in response to my longing to have more of the silver fog.  I fell down to my knees as the shimmery celestial mist was absorbed into my being.  I could no longer distinguish between the light and the silver mist.  They were blended and were like one spiritual force.  They are now both a part of me.
Shimmering silver…brilliant light...
The very essence of my entire life force ebbed and flowed with the tides of their union.  I breathed in their combined power and then, gave it away.  I took – then, I repaid.  Like an enthralling song playing endlessly through time and space, their force washed over me like a euphoric tidal wave caught inside the epicenter of a hurricane.  My body and mind responded and accepted their power as they became one essence…one life…one energy…
Then suddenly, everything shattered!  The beautiful light and the silver mist vanished in an instant.  I was kneeling before the vast nothingness that was now my reality.
I turned my face up and looked into the void.  I felt nothing more than the cold winter wind.  It brushed against my heated face and reminded me that I had just lost something precious, somehow.
I wanted to shout at the wind and force it to bring my world back to me.  It had turned into a thief – stealing the union of something rare and beautiful.  The light and the mist had been snatched away and there was nothing I could do about it.  I didn’t know how to bring them back because I didn’t know where they came from in the first place.
The black shadows gathered quickly inside my heart and my soul was filled with emptiness and mourning.  Agony and torture consumed me…the dark tides started to take me away…
“Ember!  What’s happening to you…what’s wrong???  Look at me!” Tray shouted insanely into my darkness.
His voice echoed through the emptiness and urgently tried to reach me on the other side.  The blinders are being lifted slowly from my eyes as my reverie started to crack and shatter bit, by agonizing bit.  I was being drawn back to my brother and the unmitigated pain washed through me.  It threatened to overwhelm me again.
Tray was on his knees directly in front of me and had me firmly by the shoulders.  He was shaking me as hard as he possibly could without killing me in the process.  His form slipped in and out of focus like he was a ghost.  Somewhere deep inside of me, I knew he was there.
Crying out for my spirit to return to him… 
I tried to speak, but the words failed to reach my lips as I was being pulled down into the darkened anguish.  I had lost every ounce of strength in my body – I was ripped and shredded – I had no more substance.  The heat rose inside and tried to devour me.
Obviously, Tray didn’t realize that I knew that he was there in front of me.  I didn’t have any way to let him know either.  I couldn’t tell him goodbye.
Would I take him with me into the darkened abyss?  Please no…
My mind instantly flooded with visions of my nightmare.  The darkness can never have my brother or me.  The shadows released their grasp when that thought rocketed through my mind.
Suddenly, I was back from the darkness as the painful awareness consumed me.  My new reality was soaked in agony.  I blinked into the raging storm and tried to focus.  I was emotionally devastated and my soul was still on fire.
Tray didn’t let up on his death grip.  Terrified, he was still violently shaking me.  He kept screaming my name, repeatedly.  His eyes are wild like a starving, feral cat.  He finally realized I was back from the darkness, even though I still didn’t respond to him.  He released my shoulders and for one brief instant I thought he was going to slap me.  Instead, he caressed my face with the back of his hand while he stared at me in disbelief and shock.
I was dizzy from his efforts to bring me back from the brink and from my consuming grief as well.  I held my breath until the worst of the vertigo subsided.  Then, I fell against my brother and wailed in outright agony.
The silver mist had been stolen away from me.  This was such a tremendous torture that my mind simply refused to accept it.  I didn’t care how many people were witnessing this mental break down.  I didn’t care about anything except the silver mist.  It was gone and now I had nothing left, but my endless torment.  I pressed my face into my brother’s shoulder and sobbed.
“Sshhh, it’s fine, sssshhhhh…you’re fine now…everything’s okay my little girl,” Tray soothed me as he rocked me.
The wailing eventually settled into quiet tears.  I knew we would have to move now for sure.  I didn’t have any way to explain this.  Parents would have to be called and a straitjacket needed to be issued for me.  I would rather accept death than leave this place though.  Some piece of me was floating around out there, somewhere.  I can’t leave without it?  I felt hopeless and helpless – living in the center of despair.
I gathered what semblance of my shattered being was left behind and lifted my face away from his shoulder.  I want to tell him how we can’t leave yet, apologize for everything and tell him how much I love him.  Then I will have to face the crowd and somehow try to explain the unexplainable.
“Tray…” I tried to choose some words when I finally rediscovered my voice.
As my mind registered my surroundings, I was speechless again from shock.
I was still right where I started…in the breezeway…in front of the gym…but Tray and I were alone…

Chapter Nineteen

My brother had wrapped his jacket around my body and buttoned it up the instant he could.  It spilled to the ground and formed a puddle of denim.  It looks like a tent-sized dress.  I couldn’t seem to gather enough strength to stand.  Tray finally just picked me up like he did when I was a kid.  He sat me down on the concrete retaining wall that the dark clique kids had been waiting at earlier.  He stared at me with a crazy, terrified expression.  We were still the only two people in this breezeway.  I could hear the noises of the crowd muffled inside the gymnasium.  The assembly has already started.
Did I go unnoticed somehow?  Did it happen?
I would’ve been more reluctant to believe in the silver mist due to my recent psychotic episodes, but I could still feel the emptiness right underneath my heart.  I grabbed my chest and pressed it in grief and loss.  The empty space burned blazing hot – filled up with a fiery flame.  I welcomed the pain into my body because at least it reminded me that I had my everything …if only for a moment…
My knees were badly scraped up and so were the palms of my hands.  I couldn’t care less about them though.  It felt like I had the entire world one minute and then it was torn away from me.  I was empty now except for the raging fire inside.
Will I ever be able to feel anything besides the raw pain and emptiness?
Once again, the memory of the nightmare shoved its way into my awareness.  I know why I’m located in this breezeway.
And suddenly, I knew how to feel again…
 “Tray, I need you to go inside and find Krista and Greg!  You gotta make sure they’re okay.  I need you to go, now – please…” I shouted in a high-pitched, hysterical voice.
He didn’t move or acknowledge my urgent request.  He just looked at me like I had lost my mind.  Panic renewed my strength as I tried to physically shove him toward the gym doors.  That would prove to be ineffective.  I would have had more luck trying to move a ten-story building.  He didn’t budge an inch.
“I’m not about to leave you out here, alone!  I couldn’t care less about kiddie romance, friend or no friend.  We’re leaving – right now,” he replied in a bizarre, dangerous tone that I had never heard him use in my entire life.
“I can’t go check on them myself…I’m a mess.  Please, you’ve just gotta do this for me.  You don’t have to say anything to them, just make sure they’re okay.  Then, you can come right back out.  I promise that I’ll stay right here and I won’t move a single millimeter.  I’ll beg if I have to,” I pleaded and tried in vain to read his facial features.
He gave me a look of pure unbridled fury before he stormed inside the gym to get the information for me.  My stress level was somewhere near the stratosphere.  I sat back down and felt my pulse pounding out of control…emotionally devastated.
I tried to regain some perspective – that might not ever be achievable, again.  My thoughts wandered around in the dark empty spaces as the fire raged deep inside.  The heat radiated through Tray’s coat.  My spirit has been transformed into an incinerator.
My tortured thoughts would have likely continued down that dark path, but something unbelievable occurred.
My ears are no longer buzzing!  In fact, they are completely healed!

Chapter Twenty

The human spirit can withstand an unbelievable amount of punishment and survive.  It might be scarred and will certainly be changed, but it will still somehow live through it all.  I know because I have been in this place before.
It seems the sands of time have suddenly decided to reverse their course.  I had been transported back in time…
I was just forced to relive that horrible waking nightmare of terror, from all those years ago.  I had discovered Ember all alone, kneeling on the sidewalk.  For the second time in my life, I looked into her vacant stare and she looked right through me – robbed of her soul.
Black shadows consumed my mind, as I believed that I was too late and Ember was gone forever.  I thought she had been captured by some unseen force – held inside some dark netherworld, never to return.  I felt everything inside me shatter in those horrific moments.
I had almost failed to rescue her once again…she was left unprotected.
Every ounce of basic instinct in my body screamed that I shouldn’t leave my sister alone to go inside that gymnasium.  I would be outright lying if I said I wanted to comply with her demand.  I wanted to refuse her request more than anything I have ever wanted to do, but I have never been able to deny her anything she has ever wanted.  It was quite obvious by the time I walked into that gym that she would have me wrapped around her little finger for the rest of my life.
The price of my compliance would be a furious rage.  The frustrated anger didn’t subside when I finally saw Krista and Greg, sitting together close to the top of the bleachers.  Everyone else in the crowd was on their feet, cheering the garage band that was currently performing for the spirit week rally.  They were engrossed in a conversation and were unharmed – wrapped up in their own little kiddie-romance world, in fact.
I didn’t have the foggiest idea what Ember had been doing outside…dressed in that ridiculously skimpy outfit…wearing makeup…looking like an adult.  But, I knew it had something to do with the happy couple.  It was irrational, but red-hot anger overwhelmed me as I watched them talking – engrossed in each other.  They are oblivious to the world around them and to the fact that my sister is outside, all alone.
The rage threatened to overtake me.  I bit down hard on my lower lip in a pathetic effort to stop my impending reaction.  I felt this all-consuming dark need to rip them apart for their unknown offenses against Ember.  My mouth filled with salty blood.  I released my lip because it had no effect on the rage.
The senseless wrath continued to eat away at my vengeance-filled mental picture.  I stood frozen like a statue.  I was terrified of what I would do to my sister’s best friend and some guy I barely knew if I moved even slightly in their direction.  I desperately needed an outlet – some way to dispel the insane fury that didn’t involve a bloodbath or homicide.
Only people who have been to the brink of total madness would be able to understand the flood of emotion that threatened to overwhelm me.  I was teetering way too close to the edge…
My salvation would be provided in a very unlikely place.  The solid metal railing was the only object close enough for me to grab without having to move my feet.  I reached out and gripped the lower railing with my right hand.  I felt the metal heating up quickly beneath my death grip.  The anger flowed through my body, travelled down my arm and entered into the hand rail.  The metal began to sag as it melted underneath my hand.  I knew if I held the railing long enough the metal would start to boil from my fury.
I was still far from being calm, but I released the rail from my grasp out of necessity.  The entire lower railing had started to drip onto the floor.  It would have been nothing, but a puddle of metal if I had continued to hold on any longer.  The anger responded by rebuilding into white-hot rage.
I looked around wildly as I fought the maniacal impulse to pick up the closest ‘someone’ and hurl them at the sappy couple.  I urgently need to get myself back under control, but I have no idea how to do that.  Every viable choice inside this gym involves bodily harm to another human being – not good.  So I closed my eyes and ran blindly toward the boy’s locker room.  I can’t risk looking at Krista or Greg.  I will attack them if I saw them again while in this particular dark frame of mind.
Filled with a vengeful rage, I was over the edge of reason.  I have never experienced a raw fury like this in my life.  Fortunately, the locker room echoed – it’s empty.
The fury overwhelmed me.  So, I ran to the back far left corner, balled up my right fist and slammed it into the cinderblocks with all my might.  I continued slugging it, repeatedly.
I’m not sure what I expected to achieve from those stupid moves, other than to break all of my knuckles.  Pounding that wall was the only thing I could think of to expend my rage.
I can’t let Ember see me lose control.  She will be terrified of my wrath even though she knows that I will never hurt her.
The painted cinderblocks crumbled into powdery dust, as if they had been struck by a wrecking-ball.  The wall was riddled with holes.  It looked like a few, small sticks of dynamite had exploded.
Panting in relief, I suddenly remembered that I had left Ember sitting alone outside.  I rushed toward the exit to go back to her.  I realized something in amazement as I shoved the door open.  My right hand is completely unharmed…

Chapter Twenty One

“They are perfectly fine – practically spooning in the upper level,” Tray informed me while he walked me to our car.
I almost requested a few more details, but I stopped before I spoke.  I had pressed my luck enough with my brother for the time being.  At least, he had rushed back out of the gym looking much better than when he went inside.
Tray’s door was still wide open when I got into the car.  He must have made a mad dash to get to me in the breezeway.  My brother slid into the driver’s seat and closed the door without any further explanation.
The fire flamed wickedly hot and the agony renewed the instant we drove off school grounds.  He is prepared to take me and leave this area forever.  Moving away is something that I can’t do right now.  I wonder what kind of argument will be involved when I tell him that.  I will have to cross that bridge after I climb the upcoming mountain of truth I’m getting ready to scale.  I had promised him that I would tell him ‘everything’ and that’s what I was going to do.  My life is falling to pieces and I need my brother to help me.
We rode in silence until we arrived at a small public lake.  He pulled the car into an available parking space.  He didn’t turn off the engine though and that could mean almost anything.
I had been worried about how to approach this conversation with him.  I didn’t know where to start.  My main concern was that he would want to have me locked up tight in a nice, padded room afterwards.  I kind of figured that I would struggle with the words.  Would my brother look at me like I was certifiably insane or worse?
Somehow I remembered to thank him for everything he has ever done for me, first.  That was the easiest part of the conversation.  But even the difficult explanations flowed like water from a broken dam as I revealed the details.  I told him about becoming one with the wind and the resulting flight through the surreal forest.  Then I told him about how the window-pane broke from the outside in, when I returned to the bedroom.
I told Tray about my scary memory lapses and hideously real nightmares.  I recounted everything from turning into a human torch in the lunchroom, my hiding spot in the air vent, my real adventure in the school’s basement and why I went down there that day.  I detailed the unbelievable, celestial storm that was centered in my bedroom.  I explained to him how the stereo was suddenly possessed and had injured my eardrums.
Every single bit of it sounded like total madness – tales from some psychotic rambling girl that badly needed to be medicated.  I wanted to be completely honest with him, regardless of how insane I sounded.
Tray sat and listened to my crazy stories without interrupting me.  He had his left hand draped over the top of the steering wheel.  He either stared blankly through the front window or he looked at me, emotionless.  His expression was unreadable even when I could see his face clearly.
I gave him every last detail about why I was dressed like “Loosey Lucy” today and how I just had to do something to save Krista and Greg from that prank.  I ended with the tale of the inner light and the silver mist.  This part of the story was the most difficult part to recount.  It turns out that I didn’t have adequate words in my rather extensive vocabulary to describe what had occurred in that breezeway.  Although I gave it my best attempt, it was lacking in the end – it sounded so hollow.
Then, I told him about how the silver mist had healed my ears, and explained that I couldn’t leave this area.  The only detail I didn’t include was my internal incinerator.  He will become frantic if he thinks I’m still in physical pain.  Finally, I apologized and attempted to explain the reason behind the secrecy and misdirection in my life.
“I hope you can forgive me, somehow.  I love you so much and I would rather die than to ever hurt you.  I’m so sorry.  I should’ve told you everything right from the start.  It was ridiculous to keep you in the dark because you’re my hero and I know you can likely fix everything.  I promise that my only intention was to keep you from worrying yourself sick about me or looking at me like I urgently needed to be locked up in a padded room.
“It’s gonna likely still end up that I’ll need that straitjacket regardless unless you say I’m okay.  I thought maybe if I could at least figure out what was happening then you wouldn’t think I was psychotic or something.  I figured that I was worried enough for the both of us so why bother you about it.  I realize now that I’ve said it all out loud that it all sounds insane…”
I had to stop because I needed to take a breath.  Tray chewed on his lower lip and remained silent.  When he didn’t respond in any way, I continued to ramble.
“Everything just freakin’ snowballed right out of control.  I still don’t know what to make of any of it and so I didn’t accomplish anything by keeping you in the dark.  Well, I’ve made myself crazy, but that doesn’t count because that’s what I was flipped out about in the first place.
“I thought about asking you whether schizophrenia runs in our family, but I didn’t want you to freak out with me.  So I looked it up on the Internet at school and it didn’t seem to fit my problems.  Then, I discovered multiple personality disorder and it seemed to fit a little better.  But the idiotic experts can’t agree on whether it exists or not.  I’m starting to wonder if I have a brain disease of some type, but I can’t find any time to look into it because I have all these girlfriends now.  They have all these boyfriends or guys they want to have as boyfriends…” I chattered incessantly and would have continued, but Tray burst into laughter.
I didn’t know exactly how to respond to his newfound hilarity.  So I sat silently and waited on him to finish laughing.  I sure hope he will explain to me what he finds so funny because I’m in need of some levity.
“That sure is a whole lotta stuff to be shouldering all by yourself, Little Girl…” Tray finally offered.
I nodded my head and waited for the next proverbial shoe to drop.  I kind of thought my brother would rush me to the nearest hospital to get my head examined.  I had forgotten, in my rush to tell him everything that Tray is a male.  He probably needs some time to process the tremendous amount of information I had just handed to him.
I glanced at the clock on the dash and was startled to see that a full hour and a half had slipped by while I rambled.  I knew Tray needed to get back to work, but I also knew that if I opened my mouth again, that another ninety minutes would slip by.  I couldn’t control myself and I knew another seemingly endless torrent of useless words would flow like a raging river.
Tray would sit all afternoon and listen patiently.  I somehow managed to remain silent although I felt the tide building.  I finally chose the safest approach and pointed toward the clock so my brother would notice the time.  He immediately put the car into reverse.  Once we were back out on the road, he broke the silence.
“You’re going back to work with me – no arguments.  I’ll feel better keeping you close by for the time being.  Besides, you can climb into the backseat and take a nap.  You have bags under your raccoon eyes and heaven knows you should be too young to have that particular problem,” he stated that last part under his breath, but I could hear it just fine.
“You’ll get in trouble for bringing me to work with you.  I don’t want that to happen.  I’ve caused enough problems for one day…” I replied worriedly and then forced myself to shut up.
I can’t allow the psychosis to overtake me.  I need to listen to him.  So I stopped protesting and sat quietly.
“No one will even know you’re there, except me.  If Rave does find out for some reason, I’m sure he won’t mind.  You’ll hopefully sleep through the rest of my shift, so no real worries of you wandering away,” he said as he turned into the graveled parking area.
I can’t begin to count the number of times I have scared a few years out of Tray’s life by wandering away from where he had left me.
Wow, I am a huge burden…
I climbed into the backseat and rolled up one of Tray’s thick sweatshirts to use for a makeshift pillow.  Then I wrapped myself up in the blanket.  I tried to make a mental note to put a pillow in the car for the next time as my eyelids became heavier.  I wondered tiredly if Tray would ever be willing to leave me alone again.  In a way, I kind of hope he will chain me to him forever.  I knew it was a crazy thought, but sometimes that’s how I feel…
“We’re going to Best Buy right after I get off work to get cell phones,” he announced with a quiet authority.  “I love you, sleep well, Little Girl.”
He didn’t wait for me to respond.  Tray simply opened the door, locked it before he closed it and then he walked back into the garage where he worked.
I will be wasting my time if I even attempt to argue with him.  Tray had already made up his mind about getting cell phones.  That meant we are going to get them regardless of the added expense.
While I drifted around between hazy lucidity and sleep, I thought about how foolish I had been.  It was ridiculous for me to have kept all those secrets from my brother.  I didn’t realize just how terrified I was until right then.  Now, I’m safe with Tray watching over me.  My eyes closed defiantly, even though I have always wanted to meet Mr. Jansen.  I was so exhausted that I sighed and surrendered to the inevitable.
I was asleep before Tray picked up a single tool…

Chapter Twenty Two

When I saw Ember kneeling, half-naked on the ground in that breezeway, I was overwhelmed.  She looked like an adult instead of a kid.  I managed to rip my shirt sleeve during my insane attempt to yank my jacket off, so I could wrap it around her body.  I would never even allow her to look at that ridiculous outfit – much less wear it.  I have no clue where it came from either, but it will be nothing more than a pile of ashes before morning.
The madness threatened to start eating at my insides when I thought about any boy that might have seen my baby sister practically undressed.  I forced the thought away from my mind, fast.
Ember had been so involved in her mental meltdown that she didn’t realize how dirty she was.  I prayed she would sleep until I could take her back home.  I knew she would go off the rails again when she realizes this fact.  I’m not sure there is enough water in the county reserve to get her as clean as she will demand to be, once she sees herself in a mirror.  I will probably have to wait a short eternity while she takes an epically long shower.
She has always been a clean freak from the time she could communicate.  The second word she ever learned to say was “bath.”  I will have to prepare for another, inevitable meltdown when she wakes up and discovers that I allowed her to sleep covered in dirt and smeared makeup.
I hope I won’t have to burn our car because Ember can’t sanitize it.  I suppose that indecent outfit can burn along with it…
Working on the carburetor didn’t take my mind off the feeling of impending doom, but it did offer a little distraction.  Rave is inside his house and that provides me with time to consider my available options – not that any of them are particularly good, but at least I have a few to consider.
I fully realize that most of my anger in the gymnasium was directed at me and I should have owned up to it.  I find it interesting just how the mind works though.  I had turned that anger inward, but turning something so volatile inside has severe repercussions.  It has a tendency to spill right back out regardless and, in this case, the anger almost spilled out onto two innocent kids.  I somehow managed to redirect my rage to a solid metal rail and the locker room wall although I still don’t know how I did that.
I had not been angry in a very long time.  So the overwhelming emotion had taken me by surprise.  This is considerably hazardous given whatever it is that I am.  I shook my head in amazement because I honestly have no idea what I am exactly.  The one thing I do know about me is that I can be dangerous now.  So I have to be exceedingly cautious.
Although I handled the fury without any bloodshed – well, other than my own – I could have possibly managed the anger better if I had been prepared for it.  I examined my knuckles and they still appeared to be uninjured.
I never knew I had that insane amount of strength in my body…
Of course, I couldn’t think of a likely scenario where someone would have a chance to test that theory.  How often does a sensible person punch a cinderblock wall with every ounce of force they possess, anyway?
Oh honey, by the way, I punched a concrete wall today just to see what would happen.  It crumbled to the ground – mind passing the potatoes…
I started laughing out loud at the insane thought before looking around to make sure Rave wasn’t standing behind me.  I was still alone and I breathed a sigh of relief.  This new piece of insight into myself will likely turn out to be beneficial.  So I decided I would test it out later on property that wouldn’t get me arrested if I destroyed it.
My thoughts flowed back to Ember and her new abilities.  I know, better than anyone, how scary they are when you first experience them.  My special talents had come to me gradually so I had time to adjust to them.  With her though, it’s like everything is happening to her all at once and she is being overwhelmed by her abilities.
As I tried to sift through the new craziness, I wished, for about the zillionth time, that I would’ve been given some type of warning.  I could have shared a few things about my life that would have made her feel a little better.  It’s like all of Ember’s abilities had just come from out of nowhere…or did they?
After a few agonizing minutes of driving myself insane, I decided it was pointless to consider the past.  What I need to do is assess the damage, contain it (if at all possible) and then execute a well thought out plan.  I need to consider my actual options before I speak to Ember about anything else.
She had become hysterical when she had mentioned moving away from Western North Carolina.  So I placed that option at the bottom of my list.  I figured moving wouldn’t help matters much anyway because her abilities will go with her.  No one else had been in the breezeway when I had arrived at school to pick her up.  It’s very unlikely that anyone saw her because I doubt she would have been alone – especially if they were of the male persuasion.  That thought made me sick to the core of my very being…
I briefly considered just staying in this area, but changing schools – maybe that would be an option?  Even as I turned the possibility over in my mind, I realized that it would be a temporary solution at best.  It will also likely generate the same freak out from Ember as the whole moving idea.  So I put that potential solution just above the moving option near the bottom of the list.
There is just no way to run from who and what you are…
Then I considered returning to school and using my most established ability to contain any resulting fallout – whatever that might be.  That plan has at least a little more potential of succeeding.  But if, and only if, I can sustain the ability and the number of people I will have to use it on.  I can handle three or less.  Although I didn’t see anyone around, that didn’t mean that someone didn’t see something strange.  I suppose I could always pound that someone into the ground if all else failed…I laughed at the psychotic thought.
The next option I considered was to remain in the house we were currently renting and withdraw Ember from school.  This was definitely the most appealing solution for me because I can keep her with me, full-time.  We can also figure out what her abilities were, together.  Maybe I can teach her how to use them, somehow.  Sadly though, this plan has certain built-in flaws and those would turn out to be insurmountable.
First, I can’t imagine Ember being overly ecstatic about spending every waking minute of her life with me, alone.  Second, I can’t provide her with enough intellectual stimulation to keep her occupied.  That has the very real potential of leading to huge trouble.
I do not enjoy academic pursuits very much and Ember is my polar opposite in that respect.  If we had a normal life, along with parents, she would have tested right out of high school.  Our crazy, secretive life is what it is.  Up until recent days, she appeared to be maybe eleven years old.  I had doubted she could pull off being even six months older than her actual age.  Unfortunately, those days are gone forever.
Lastly, she has never had any real girlfriends until now.  Maybe it’s a guy thing or the fact that I had bigger obligations, but I had never had any close male friends – never had any desire to have one either.  Watching her interact with Krista has kicked some sense into my head – girls need female friends.  For Ember to risk what she did today to head off some ridiculous, teenage prank just so Krista wouldn’t get hurt, solidified this knowledge.
So my only available option is to return to school along with Ember and hope I can contain the fallout.
I put my face into my cupped palms and shook my head in exasperation…

Chapter Twenty Three

The car was moving again before I regained consciousness.  By the time I sat up, we were pulling into our driveway.
“Awwww, I wanted to meet Mr. Jansen,” I complained as I yawned and stretched in the car.
My words sounded all mushy because I was still sleepy.  The internal fire continued to blaze on and on.
“I promise you’ll get to meet him tomorrow.  We’re kind of pushed for time today and I figured that you’d like to be at least semi-clean before you met him – it was just a guess though,” Tray stated, casually.
“Oh my, Holy Creator help me!  How could you let me sleep like this, Tray??  I’ll never get clean again, ever.  Your sweatshirt, jacket and even the blanket have to go right into the trash can because it’s not like I can get them clean either.  Oh my heavens, I’ll never find myself again under all this filth…” I shouted and ran as fast as I could toward the closest shower.
I would have to scrub the top layer of my skin off because I couldn’t live with myself feeling grimy.  My reflection in the bathroom mirror provided proof that I was located in the middle of an Ember-specific-Hades.  My mascara was streaked all the way down to my chin.  My lipstick had managed to somehow smudge upward although I was sure that was violating all the known laws of cosmetic physics.  It appeared that every inch of my skin had gotten dirty – even my stomach.  Dead leaves were tangled in my hair.  I was a mess from head-to-toe.
I showered until there was no hot water left.  Then I stood under a cold stream until I couldn’t feel my extremities anymore.  I had scrubbed with every washcloth we own, but I still didn’t feel clean.  Surrendering after thirty more minutes, I finally stepped out because I was shivering so badly.  If I had stood in the frigid water much longer, my muscles would be frozen – regardless of my internal incinerator.  Tray would hear me fall over and I would be helpless.  This means he would be forced to come in here to rescue me.  Neither one of us would live through that little scenario.
It was strange, but not even the icy water woke me up.  In fact, it had made me feel even more exhausted.  Looking in the mirror, I discovered that makeup has more endurance than a marathon runner on steroids.  The skin on my face was red and angry by the time I managed to remove it.
I dressed in five layers of clothes instead of my pajamas.  We still need to go cell phone shopping.  I couldn’t talk my brother out of it – I was actually too exhausted to try, anyway.  So I surrendered to the inevitable.
Tray was drinking coffee while sitting at the kitchen table.  That wasn’t a good sign considering how late it was already.  Caffeine works exactly as it should in his case.  He will be awake for hours.
“You finally ready?” Tray asked me while downing the last of his warm beverage.
He didn’t wait on me to answer as he grabbed the car keys.  We didn’t talk on the ride because I fell back asleep.  My shower-quest to find myself under the filth had taken a long time.  The store will be closing soon.
We were greeted by a young sale’s girl who seemed more than thrilled to be waiting on my handsome brother.  I scanned the aisles and picked up several dummy phones – they all looked like variations of the same thing to me.  Ebony stuck to Tray like a magnet and told him all about every phone in the store.
Tray selected two.  His looked like a mini-computer and mine was thankfully, very simple.  Ebony wasn’t even close to being finished chatting with him although the store was closed.  She continued to talk about every imaginable detail and my mind boggled.  Managing to finally interrupt her, he thanked her for the information and reminded her that the store was closed.  She walked with us to the front and I thought she might just leave with us too.
“Ya’ know, um, I’m free after I clock out.  I’d love to go get some coffee and tell you more – about your phone that is,” Ebony offered tentatively and blushed.
I admired her courage.  It takes a tremendous amount of bravery to ask my brother out.  She’s got guts!  I wanted to applaud and cheer for all courageous women everywhere.  Ebony at Best Buy is the freakin’ stuff tonight.  I wanted to tell him that he should accept her invitation.  She deserves some kind of reward for her bold move after all.  She is also cute and appears to be his age.
“I’d love to, but my little sister here has school tomorrow.  You could give me your number though, for later.  You already have mine,” Tray offered her his phone and she punched her cell number into it.
Ebony giggled as she said goodnight and thanked us for shopping at Best Buy.
“That was sweet of you,” I told him once we were back in our car.
“Yeah, sure, whatever you say,” he replied.
Those words translated…he is planning to call her and tell her some gypsy-truth about having a girlfriend or whatever.  At least he won’t lead her on or use her.  My brother is probably the only honorable guy left in the world.
We stopped at a local restaurant to get some dinner.  He asked the hostess to seat us in a private corner.  After the waitress took our orders, Tray programmed our new cell phones.  He stored every possible phone number he could be reached at in my phone.  He even included the Jansens’ home number in case he walked inside their house.  Then he made me practice retrieving the telephone numbers repeatedly.  He wouldn’t let me stop until he was satisfied that I knew how to reach him.
I practically inhaled my dinner because I had not eaten since this morning.  After finishing my meal, I was still hungry.  Tray agreed to share a hot fudge cake with me and he called the waitress back over.
“We’d both like a slice of strawberry pie,” Tray ordered and I was stunned as I listened to his selections.
He is deathly allergic to strawberries and I have never liked the taste of them…
Did I shove him over the edge with my insanity??
I was going to loudly protest his decision, but he motioned for me to remain silent.  Tray asked the waitress to repeat our dessert order before she left to get us two pieces of strawberry pie.
“Have I driven you over the brink??  You have a new death wish that I don’t know anything about?  It’s important that you live to a ripe old age, so I won’t be permanently committed to the insane asylum!” I exclaimed.
“Please Ember, just wait and see what happens.”
I was frightened by his strange behavior, but I managed to shut up somehow.  But, there is NO WAY I will let him eat a strawberry in front of me – words aren’t required to sling a dish across the restaurant.
His face was the picture of serenity.  I sat there speechless and scared.
What exactly do you say to someone that’s acting more insane than the true psychotic girl at the table?
The waitress returned with six hot fudge cakes, piled sky high with whipped cream and six cherries placed on top.  I stared at them, shocked and bewildered.  My mind was having difficulties wrapping around my new loony reality.
“What is this?” I questioned, incredulously.
“Well, it’s the pie you ordered, Honey,” the waitress replied.
She was confused by my outburst and looked at ME like I was the delusional one.  It was horrible to discover that my own psychosis must be contagious.  Our waitress has lost it now.
“Would you rather have something else?” she questioned me and waited for my reply.
“I…” I started to respond by saying that I was perfectly fine, but she needed to get her head examined immediately.
“She’s fine with the strawberry pie and it looks delicious.  Thanks,” Tray stated while I tried hopelessly to figure out what was happening.
“Oh, it is honey.  I sliced yours from the same one I had earlier…” she stated and then winked at Tray.
She glanced once more in my direction and shook her head in confusion before she walked away.
“What’s all this?  You know, I realize that I’ve been slightly psychotic lately, but even I know the difference between strawberry pie and hot fudge cake – especially SIX of them.  Unless you tell me that you’re seeing strawberry pie too – in that case I need you to call an ambulance to take me away.  I need to keep whatever’s left of my scrambled brain,” I practically shouted the last sentence, but not one patron even looked in my direction.
“You’re not seeing things, there are six hot fudge cakes sitting on the table.  The point is, the waitress sees two pieces of strawberry pie,” Tray offered ridiculously.
I reached for my new cell phone to call an ambulance for us.  We both need matching straitjackets and padded rooms to keep us safe.
“Oh yeah, sure, I get it now,” I replied sarcastically, fumbling with my phone.
“I’ll explain as soon as you put your phone away and you lose the sarcastic tone.  You’ve also gotta help me eat these cakes before they melt,” Tray said.
I put my cell back into my pocket, but that was the only concession I was prepared to give to him.
“I’ll lose my current attitude as soon as you tell me how we’re gonna eat six hot fudge cakes between the two of us,” I stated defiantly.
“You’ve got a point – no way can we eat all six,” Tray agreed and then considered what to do about our current hot fudge cake overload situation.
He distributed them to the two waitresses, the cook and the dishwasher.  He gave the additional one to the disheveled man sitting at a table alone.
“All the cakes are taken care of now – help me eat this one and I’ll explain what just happened,” Tray offered.
“You do realize that we could’ve had our conversation, your apparent mental breakdown and my complete break from reality at home.  It would’ve cost less and the public would be none the wiser that we’re both certifiably insane,” I told him as I stuffed another bite of chocolaty deliciousness in my mouth.
Just because I’m a total nut case doesn’t mean I can’t enjoy every single bite of a hot fudge cake…
“I chose this location on purpose.  I wanted to safely “demonstrate” my ability for you.  I knew that if I’d driven us directly home that you’d be asleep in about two nanoseconds.  There are a few things that you need to hear from me and I wanted you to hear them before you fell asleep for the night.  So are you awake and ready to listen for a minute or two?” Tray asked and I nodded then I pretended to zip my lips together.
His ploy worked.  I would’ve been asleep in the car, but I wasn’t remotely tired now.  I felt a shiver crawling up my spine.  It wasn’t from fear though – it was anticipation.  I hoped he would hurry with that explanation because the Ember-word-dam wouldn’t hold for very long.
“You’re not crazy or psycho.  Well, let me modify that statement – if you’re psycho then I am too.  I…um…I’ve had that unique ability for a while now.  I seem to be able to sort of suggest things to people just by saying it or even thinking it and…scratch that...it’s sort of like I can persuade them by what I’m saying…well, it’s like they believe whatever it is I suggested or can see whatever I tell them to see…” Tray struggled with the explanation of what seemed unbelievable.
My eyes widened from the bombshell.  The word-dam took no kind of effort to maintain because I was too stunned to speak.
“I thought I should demonstrate my skill for you because trying to explain it is – well, it’s almost impossible as you now know.  So you’re not losing your mind, Ember – no need for a straitjacket or a soft, cushiony room.
“It does appear that you’ve suddenly developed a gimonsterous ability of some sort without any kind of warning.  That leaves me – no, strike that – this leaves us with some challenges to face.  My gift sort of crept up on me while I was busy doing other stuff, so I had time to adjust.  It’s obvious that your ability isn’t gonna give you the same luxury.  Now, I’ve gotta keep you safe.  That means your cell phone never leaves you, understand?  It goes everywhere you go – consider it a new extension of your existing arm…” Tray informed me.
I nodded to let him know that I understood what he was saying.  My brother sat in silence for a few minutes and allowed me some time to process the craziness.
“Do you remember anything from right before you blacked out today?” he asked me, finally breaking the silence.
“Just the stuff I’ve told you already.  Krista left her outfit, heels and a makeup kit at our house and I returned them to her.  So, don’t burn the mini-skirt please – it’s not mine.  I borrowed them back outta her locker.  I put the makeup on and got dressed in the girls’ room…Oh no, I can’t believe I did that – I forgot my backpack.  It’s in the girl’s bathroom near the teacher’s lounge.  We’ve gotta get to school before anyone else does.  I left my CD player inside the front pocket and a big stack of CD’s too,” I told him anxiously and smacked myself on the forehead in frustration.
“It’ll be okay.  Give yourself a break, kid.  You had a little something going on this afternoon – don’t you think?” Tray reminded me and I pushed the forgotten backpack from my thoughts – we have bigger fish to fry.
“I need you to focus, think hard because this is important.  Do you remember anything else from today or any of the other times?  Any little thing might help?”
He looked me squarely in the eyes and I wiggled underneath the weight of his stare.  I had spent hours trying to remember the details and had always come up empty.  I felt the tears as they started to well up and fought hard to keep them contained.
“I just can’t remember anything about how the light works or why it happens or how to make it do anything either.  I promise that I’ve tried, but every time I come up with the same nothing that I came up with before.  I want to remember though and when I try to force my memory to come back to me it only makes it worse.  Then some stuff I remembered earlier fades into the darkness.  At that point, I’m thoroughly panicked because I’m getting worse and not better…” I stated hysterically.
“Sshh, calm down Little Girl.  It’s alright – I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have put you under that kind of pressure.  We’ll let that topic rest for the time being.  Let’s talk about something you can remember.  What does the ability feel like when it starts?”
“Are you sure it’s some rare ability like you have?  Maybe I’m a psycho.  You’ve never seen me use any special super hero power.  All you’ve witnessed is me falling into darkness, falling apart or falling down, whichever the case might be.  That doesn’t constitute super powers or abilities – that’s just proof, well of nothing – other than being inept and awkward or good at hiding from reality.  I know for sure that I don’t have the “super power” of persuasion like you have or I’d be a senior right now instead of a freshman.  I’ve never even won an argument with you ever,” I resorted to finger pointing, but I knew – and I’m sure my brother did too – that I was fishing for his reassurance.
“Ember, you have a few abilities and I’ve seen some of them already, but those are stories for another time.  As for calling them “super powers” – well, that makes our gifts sound juvenile and fake.  Abilities like these are blessings at best and curses at worst.  They can be a huge asset if they’re used wisely or they can lead to tragic consequences if we misuse them.  They can never be ignored or taken lightly.
“As for the ‘never winning an argument with me’ thing, I’m refusing to answer that one on the grounds that it will definitely incriminate me.  Really, that’s my true super power – my uncanny ability to never incriminate myself – at least where you’re concerned,” Tray offered cryptically and then laughed.
“Very, very un-funny – I mean it, Tray.  I think you would’ve told me already if you’d seen me do, what you just did a few minutes ago…”
“I never said I’ve “seen you do what I do”.  Let me clarify what I stated.  I’ve had an occasion or two to see your personal abilities.  I’ve never said anything to you about them before because, at the time I witnessed them you were much younger.  In my defense, I was just a kid myself and I didn’t understand what I was seeing.  So, I hope you can forgive me…” Tray stated.
“There’s nothing to forgive you for.  That’s kind of like asking me to forgive you for having a bad dream that involved me and then not sharing it until later – that’s just silly,” I said and waved my hand in the air to dismiss his confession.
“It’s late Little Girl and that eye baggage tells me you still need to rest,” he stated.
He took out his wallet to pay and prepared to leave.  I grabbed his arm before he could fully stand up and pulled him back down onto the seat.
“Please, will you just answer a few more questions for me?  I only have a hundred or so and I don’t think I can stand the suspense.  I’ve gotta have at least twenty of them answered because it would take me all night to write them all down to ask you later…” I pleaded with my brother.
“Sure, I’ll answer your questions.  Wait, let me clarify that ‘yes’ for you.  I’ll answer a couple of questions because it’s getting late.  So, as long as we have a deal then go ahead and ask me something,” Tray offered.
The questions swirled around in a maddening circle – all wanting to be asked.  When I finally opened my mouth to say something though, what I spoke and what I thought I was going to ask were two different things entirely.
“Do you regret giving up your entire adolescence to raise me?” I questioned and surprised myself.
Those words had formed together without my knowledge and popped out of my mouth without any warning.  This particular inquiry had nothing to do with the subject we were currently discussing.  Although I had always wondered about it, I certainly didn’t think I would ever ask him.  The question had already been spoken now and I couldn’t take it back.  So, I braced myself to hear his answer and felt the fear wash through me.
Note to self…only ask questions that I’m sure I want to hear the answer to…
“My only regret has been that we’ve had to move repeatedly.  You deserve to be able to live in one place for more than a month or two at a time.  I know we’re gypsies and crave the open road, but that’s not the real reason we move so much.  No matter what reason we have for relocating so frequently, you should have a stable home life.  I haven’t been able to provide that for you – that’s the only regret I have about anything,” Tray said with sincerity.
“Well, if we’re talking moves and regrets from having to do them constantly, then I’m the guilty party in that equation.  You’ve moved us – what – like twice now over the years?  I’ve been responsible for all the other instantaneous relocations.  You never even questioned my madness either – you just packed and moved when I asked to go.
“You know more about me than anyone on this earth.  No parent, no matter how involved, could take better care of any child – especially one like me,” I replied and the emotion echoed through my words.
It was more truth than I knew I was capable of understanding.  I have no memory of our parents, although I was eight years old when we left home.  I should have been able to recall at least a few details about them, but the space where they should have been was empty.  I had never asked Tray anything about them either – where they went or who they were.  It didn’t seem to matter.  My brother is the only parent I have ever known.  We have each other.  That’s all we need…
“You’ve always been frustrated that I make you live your age, but you gotta understand something.  I can’t allow you to test out of high school although you could’ve accomplished that at the age of ten.  I knew if I had allowed you to reach that potential, the state would’ve taken you away to a foster home or worse – some secret underground government facility for mentally brilliant kids…”
I thought back to that day in fourth grade – The Harttown Primary Incident – and knew he was telling the truth.  Even though I hadn’t exactly understood what was happening at the time, I remember that I had been deathly afraid.  Tray fixed it, just like he would always do throughout my life.
Without this special ability he possesses, I now realize that I probably would’ve been handed over to a secret government agency and studied like a lab rat.  No telling what kind of mistreatment I would have been subjected to.  Just the thought of it sent chills up my spine.
No protection without my brother…
“So, now you understand why I’ve done everything within my power to help you go unnoticed.  I’m gonna freely admit however, that it was so much easier to do that before you developed curves,” Tray added, humorously.
“Ya’ know I realize that I’m an endlessly wandering soul by nature.  It’s pathetic when I discover that I’ve wandered so far away that I didn’t even notice my own curves.  They just kind of crept up on me one day, and I haven’t paid them the slightest bit of attention,” I confessed and then felt my face flush.
“You can’t possibly be telling me that you didn’t notice something or you wouldn’t have been dressed like you were…” Tray replied.
He was right – well, at least partially right.  I had developed curves seemingly overnight.  The more womanly that I had become, the more layers of clothing I added.  I didn’t put the two events together at the time.  In reality, the only reason I had dressed in that skimpy outfit today was because I trusted his perception of me.  I certainly didn’t dress that way because I thought I was pretty or curvy.
“Let’s table the I-have-curves-now discussion, because I have a few more questions.  So, what are my abilities, who saw me use them, who saw me dressed like that today, what are we gonna…”
“Whoa, I said a couple of questions and besides, the restaurant is getting ready to close.  I’m sure the employees would like to leave at some point.”
I noticed that he paid for six hot fudge cakes even though they were listed as two slices of strawberry pie.  He also left the waitress a few bills for a tip that included a twenty dollar bill.
My diabolical plan was to get into the car and then continue to grill him relentlessly.  I had so many questions and he was the one with all the answers.  But my physical body committed mutiny.  I had barely buckled myself in before I was fast asleep.
Someone should warn a girl that using her abilities would be so draining…

Chapter Twenty Four

I knew Ember would crash on me as soon as she closed her eyes.  I probably could have told her that would happen.  But I had finally run out of steam myself.  I had been terrified that she had been robbed of her soul again.  Then I had wrestled for hours with trying to figure out a solution.  I was spent.
Our abilities are not diminished in any way, even when we’re tired.  The human side of us demands rest when we are emotionally and physically drained, like everyone else on this planet.  I was exhausted from worry and struggling to maintain my focus.  I needed to stop the car until I could safely drive again.  Parking beside the lake, I rubbed my aching temples and took a deep breath.
My lower lip only throbbed a little from where I had bitten into it earlier.  My head was about to explode from using my persuasion ability on that many people and in such a short time span.  I looked over at Ember and my head pounded with more concern.
She would have questions, and not just any questions.  These would be mind-blowing and all be directed at me.  Normally, this wouldn’t be such an issue.  Issues at school, at home, the weather – I have those answers.  These questions she would definitely ask, well they don’t have answers.  Or, if they do, I don’t know what they are and I have no idea where to find them.
I didn’t know much about my ability – now abilities, I suppose.  I had discovered my first ability by accident a few days after we were on our own.  I assumed it had always been there, but I just had not needed it until then.  Even that was only my best guess though.  I had obtained housing rental agreements, my driver’s license and even got the car registered (with liability insurance) before I turned fourteen.
Although I hated to admit this fact, I owed a small part of our survival to our dad.  He had spent my life teaching me how to pull a perfect con.  Mostly though, it was my gift that had saved our hides, time and again.  I had prayed every night and thanked the Creator for my ability.  I’m not sure how I knew I needed to do that because I had never set foot inside a church of any kind.  Yet somehow I have always understood, since the first day I used my ability, that it was given to me by the Creator.
Even the most devout atheist would fall to their knees, pray and believe if they had witnessed what I had seen and could use the ability I use.  This ability could destroy me as easily as it could benefit me, and I somehow knew that it would be taken away if I didn’t act responsibly.
I spent my time carefully utilizing my gift to keep Ember safe from – well, everything.  I have never used it for anything beyond her protection until tonight.  My sorely aching head was proof enough for me that it shouldn’t be used for anything more, if I could possibly help it.
So, I considered what I should reveal to her tomorrow and what to hold off on.  I also thought about where I might be able to find some answers.  Nothing came to mind though.
In terms of details, I don’t know what my sister’s true abilities are.  Although she definitely has more than one, I have only gotten a few glimpses at best.  And those peeks were frightening.
I had never connected the dots between the celestial storm on the day I found her alone in the house on Big Whiskey Lane and her abilities.  Given that I had never experienced my own gifts before we ran away, that’s no real shocker.  The events since moving back to North Carolina should have at least given me a hint.
It annoyed me when I realized that it was all the happy stuff that had blinded me.  It was like I had been hypnotized by a beautiful snowstorm and then, when I awoke at the end, I was frozen and numb.  I had been so pleased because Ember had real friends now.  I have a job I love with a boss I respect.  I had even felt a little bit safe leaving her at school alone, for a few hours each day.
That tiny bit of security I had just felt this morning was gone.  I briefly considered changing my school schedule and looking for another job.  I instantly felt overwhelmed by sickness when I thought about making those choices.  I had learned from an early age to trust my instincts and that meant making those changes would be the wrong decision.
I finally drove home once my headache settled into a semi-tolerable low roar.  I needed to get a few things done before morning.
As I drove, I considered all the facts I knew.  Fact one, I have no idea how to answer most of her questions.  Fact two, we can’t leave our current school.  Fact three, I can’t use my persuasion ability to switch my schedules around because the consequences will likely prove to be disastrous.  I have no clue why the Creator wants it this way, but I plan to follow his direction.  Fact four, and the reality that fills me with terror…I can’t teach my sister how to control her gifts.
How can I teach her about something I don’t know anything about?

Chapter Twenty Five

The world was all wrong when I opened my eyes.  The sun was positioned too high in the sky – it’s already afternoon.  As my eyes adjusted to the sunlight, I realized that I had no idea where I was.  I noticed Tray’s heavy sleeping bag was wrapped around me.  Then I looked up and saw the rips in the interior of the roof.  I must be in the car.
Horror washed through me as I realized that perhaps I had slept right through a move to another state.  The empty space inside my soul continued to burn with an angry fury.  A piece of me is still alive, back in North Carolina.  I frantically kicked the sleeping bag off of my body.  I shoved the car door open in a panic.  Then, I fell out onto the gravel with a painful thud.  That’s when I saw a pair of small, bright yellow rain boots standing in front of me.
“OOppss, sorry,” I stammered.
I looked around and noticed that I was outside of Sunridge Automotive.  I immediately felt the urgency fade away.
Maybe our talk last night had just been a dream…
I probably would have continued to believe that too except for the fact that my new cell phone was in my pocket as a tangible reminder.  I was also still wearing my clothes from last night.  Obviously, I had slept the entire school day away.  My cell phone displayed it was 2:19 in the afternoon.
I really need a shower…
About the time I started to obsess about the need to get clean, I remembered the yellow boots.  The little boy wearing them stared down at me with a curious expression.
“Well, that was fun…” I told him humorously as I stood up, dusting myself off.
The wind stirred lightly.  It was cold enough to send chills up my arms even though I had on five layers of clothes.  I opened the driver’s side door, reached inside and found Tray’s winter coat.  I pulled it on and suddenly it looked like I had gained fifty pounds.
“I’m being rude, huh?  Sorry ‘bout that, I’m Ember,” I said to the serious faced little boy who was staring at me.
He didn’t reply right away and I stood there awkwardly.  I smiled at him, but he still just stared and said nothing.  Unsure of what to do next, I headed inside the garage to find my brother.  The little boy followed me closely.  I would stop abruptly and he would too.  I would start walking again and so would he.  I realized interestingly that it was like having a small shadow.  Then I had an idea.  I turned around and crouched down so I could look into his eyes.
“My name is Ember – what’s your name?”
“Boo,” my little shadow replied.
“That’s a great name, Boo.  I’m very happy to know you,” I offered with a warm smile.
“Ember come,” Boo suggested and then reached out to take my hand – intent on leading me somewhere.
I hesitated because I didn’t see any adults around.  I also needed to let Tray know I was awake.  It seems the powers that be had other ideas in mind.  The music from the garage filtered through the air and the wind blew with intensity.  I looked up at the towering trees and felt that strange ‘draw’ – it was calling out to me.
The forest whispers my name…
My feet were firmly planted on the ground, but my spirit remembered the wonderful flight.  The inner fire that raged in the empty space inside my soul was kind of cooled by the thought.  I needed to follow that memory…
“Ember come,” Boo interrupted my reverie for one brief second and I finally took the hand he offered – I had to go wherever he was going.
We walked across the yard to a clearing in the woods.  We hiked up a very narrow mountain trail.  The rugged terrain didn’t slow us down at all.  I had never been on a mountain hike in my entire life.  I certainly didn’t have on hiking boots either, but it felt like the wind was helping me along the journey.  I was mesmerized by the haunted song of the forest.
When we reached the top, I could hear water running over rocks.  A creek must be nearby.  I heard the faint sound of bells in the distance.  The music of the forest was calling to my spirit.
Boo dropped my hand and ran ahead to the edge of the creek.  He had obviously been here before because he had a few toys lined up along the bank.  They appeared to be waiting for him to come back and play.
He selected a rubber duck and brought it back to me.  It had a shoelace tied around its neck that served as its leash.  A small vial of what looked like shiny blue sand was dangling from it.  I squinted in an effort to check it out.  Then he turned around and held the duck in his cupped hands as he stretched it out in my direction.
“Ember play…” Boo stated, looked at the duck and then back toward me.
He was inviting me to play with his cherished toy.  My heart melted at the gesture.  I walked over and carefully removed the duck from his hands.  I stroked the vial and it felt cool to the touch like it was filled with ice.
“Do you have a name, little duck?” I finally asked.
“Heaven,” Boo replied softly.
“It’s very nice to meet you, Heaven the duck…”
I petted its rubbery head and this gesture thoroughly delighted the little boy.  He squealed with excitement and clapped his hands.
“Boo has given you the perfect home.  This is an excellent place for any duck to live,” I spoke to Heaven.
“Ember, swim…”
“It’s too cold for people to swim right now.  But it’s not too cold for ducks to play in the water.”
I walked over to the edge of the creek bank.  I leaned down and placed the rubber duck on the surface.  The vial that dangled from the duck’s leash shimmered with an unbelievable brilliance.  I watched Heaven float on the gentle current for a few minutes and then I handed the shoelace leash to him.
“Heaven likes water.”
“I do too,” I agreed and continued to watch the duck bob up and down on the miniature waves in the creek.
The music of the forest seemed to draw closer as the minutes ticked by.  I was distracted by the hauntingly beautiful melody.  The cold weather was forgotten as I felt my internal fire respond to the forest’s beaconing.  I sat down on the creek bank beside Boo and imagined a warm spring day.  The celestial light welled up inside me and I allowed it to stream out into the water.  I kind of expected to see silvery fog emanate from me, but it didn’t.  Only my pure white light flowed from my body.
I watched in awe as Boo began to shine with a faint blue light.  It looked like a halo around his body.  His blue light became brighter as the light grew from inside me.
He held onto the duck’s leash with a tight little fist.  My light caused his shadow to grow larger.  He extended his free palm out in front of his body and attempted to touch the expanding brightness.  I thought my light would retreat from his shiny blue aura.  My light however allowed his palm and aura to pass right through it, uninhibited.  He squealed in delight again.
Forgetting all about his duck in the excitement, he dropped the leash.  He wanted to touch the growing white/blue light mixture with both hands.  Heaven started floating away quickly and I reacted on sheer reflex.  I leaned forward and reached out into the water to save the duck from escaping.  The brilliant inner light responded to the water by flowing into the ripples.  My weight shifted from the swift movement and my hand unexpectedly plunged underneath the water.  I managed to grab Heaven as I fell forward when I lost my balance.  The rubber duck squeaked before it dove below the shallow surface of the creek.
The water flowed around my hand – so very icy.  Then, I seemed to be frozen in wonder.  I continued to hold my hand under the surface and felt the sudden power of the rushing water enter my spirit.  I plunged my other hand underneath the water.  The light exploded into a hundred sparkling rainbows.  They appeared to be rising from the water.  We briefly had to close our eyes because they were so brilliant.
Winter wind lifted my hair and seemed to dance on the surface of the creek water.  The frigid air made the rainbows shimmer.  The wind whispered my name repeatedly as it brushed by my ears.  I realized, incredulously that the air was speaking to me.
Perhaps I can control the wind?
I willed the wind to send the rainbows skyward and suddenly they headed toward the heavens.  I silently commanded the wind to bring the rainbows back and it instantly obeyed my order again.
“Water likes Ember,” Boo informed me happily as I knelt on the creek bank, stunned.
We were both being blinded by the dazzling, shimmery rainbows when I heard the familiar sound of pure shock come from somewhere behind me.  I quickly jerked my hands out of the water and the rainbows disappeared instantly.  Mine and Boo’s celestial lights’ vanished just as swiftly.  I turned around just in time to see a woman faint and fall to the ground.

Chapter Twenty Six

“Oh my goodness, are you okay?  Ma’am, oh no, please wake up.  I have no idea what to do to help you!” I exclaimed as I tapped the unconscious woman and tried to think of something helpful.
Shaking her was ineffective.  She was still out cold.  I couldn’t recall how long Boo and I had hiked.  So, I didn’t know how far away we were from Sunridge Automotive.
When she didn’t respond to me, I screamed for assistance.  My shouts echoed through the forest.  No one can hear me.  We are out in the middle of nowhere.  The only noise I heard was Boo playing with his toy soldiers beside the creek.  He didn’t even look at us.  It could be that he doesn’t recognize this woman.  Maybe, he’s not allowed to talk to strangers?
No, that can’t be the case…I was a stranger and he spoke to me.  I guess Boo doesn’t understand that this lady needs our help.  He continued to play as if we didn’t exist in his world.  I tried calling his name, but he ignored me.
I tried to will the light to come back although I had no idea whether it would help the situation.  Nothing happened.  Frustrated and near tears, I considered my options.  I couldn’t leave an unconscious woman unattended for a number of reasons.  She might wake up with a head injury and move around.  That could possibly injure her further.  Even if I left her here to go find someone, how could I find my way back to her?  I had no idea where I was.  That means I would probably get lost trying to find my way out of the woods.  Then we would both need help so I scratched that from the list of possible solutions.
Suddenly, I had a crazy idea.  I didn’t know if it would work, but it was the only thing I could think of.  I ran back to the creek bank and kneeled down.  I listened for the music of the forest.  When I heard it playing faintly in the distance, I plunged both of my hands underneath the freezing water’s surface.  The light and rainbows reappeared as if they had just been waiting for me to return.  The wind responded as it stirred around me.  I felt the power rise again.
I spoke directly to the wind and hoped it might carry my message.
“Tray, I need you.  Please come find me at the creek…”
The words seemed to float in mid-air for a few seconds before they were swept away.  Boo continued to line up his soldiers as if they were preparing to battle an enemy army.  I forced my hands to stay underneath the water’s surface because it was the only way I could control the wind.  It was a struggle because the icy water tingled around my skin.  Just when it became intolerable, I heard my salvation.
Two sets of footsteps were running up the narrow pathway through dead leaves and downed tree branches.  I wanted to shout “halleluiah” but I was too cold to speak.  I finally yanked my hands out of the freezing cold water.  They were a brilliant, flaming red color.  It was kind of ironic.  My hands felt anything BUT fiery, at that moment.
“Ember!  Where are you?” Tray shouted and I started to cry.
“We’re here…” I shouted between sobs and uncontrolled shivering.
I figured Tray would freak out the instant he saw me.  I’m sure it looked like I was having convulsions, but I could not stop shaking.  Ice cold water and pure adrenaline will do that, every time.
Tray was the first person to arrive on the crazy scene.  He was followed closely by a man I could only assume was Rave Jansen.  The man rushed passed Tray and fell down beside the fallen woman.  He had a look of genuine concern on his weathered face.
“Celeste, honey…” he said softly as he tried to rouse her.
He lifted her head into his arms.  When she didn’t respond, he turned to me and asked, “What happened this time?”
“I’m soorrryy… didn’t reeeaaallyyy see…she wasss behind mmeee…fffaainttted I thhhinkkk…” I offered in a shaky voice.
I tried unsuccessfully to get my emotional status under control.  My brother looked frantic.  He was kneeling in front of me and rubbing my hands between his own.  He was trying to warm them although I still felt only icy tingles.  I could barely see around Tray to talk to the worried man, but I did my best to look at him.
I waited for Mr. Jansen’s accusations or questions, but they would never come.  He didn’t say anything, only continued to cradle the woman’s head in his arms as he tapped her lightly on her cheek.  Then, he leaned in close and whispered something to her.  I couldn’t hear the words he spoke.
The woman slowly regained consciousness.  She looked at the man with long held love in her eyes.  She whispered something back to him in a quiet tone as she reached up to hug him.
“I’m sorry.  Tray takes care…of all our…medical emerg…encies…even…his own.  I…didn’t know…what to…do,” I told them with red rimmed eyes that match my freezing red hands.
“You must be Ember, right?  No worries.  This isn’t the first time my wife has passed out, likely won’t be the last either.  It’s a trait of her heritage.  It always happens when she gets overwhelmed,” Rave offered with a kind laugh.
I heard the sincerity in his deep voice, but I still felt guilty all the same.
“Are you okay, Little Girl?  Your hands are like ice cubes?  What on earth were you doing sticking them into the creek at this time of the year?” Tray continued to rapidly ask questions in his usual ‘inquest’ style.
It was fortunate for me that he needed a few minutes to calm down because I needed it too.  I used the time to warm up a little.  By the time he wound down, at least my teeth had stopped clattering.
“It all happened really fast.  Boo asked me to take a walk.  He wanted to show me this beautiful creek.  I’m so sorry.  We shouldn’t have wandered away without telling anyone,” I said and lowered my eyes to the ground.
Tray had asked me so many questions that I couldn’t remember them all.  Most had been about why I had my hands in the water, but I felt compelled to apologize for wandering away first.  I also couldn’t explain what I had been doing in front of the Jansens’ anyway.
I thought about how nice it would be if I could lift my inner fire to warm my throbbing, ice cold hands.  It stubbornly remained stationary.
I glanced over to the little boy.  He had remained silent this entire time.  He continued to play with his soldiers like he was in his own world – all alone.  I could still see the faintest glow of his light blue aura dancing around his body.  That happy color certainly suited him.  I suppose no one else paid attention to it since they were all looking at me because no one had mentioned the blue glowing boy.  Tray couldn’t see Boo from his angle, but the Jansens’ could see him clearly.  I decided that I urgently needed some psychiatric help because I was certain that if they saw an illuminated boy they would say something about it.
I had no idea what to say in this loony situation.  Then, I became frightened of the psychotic words that might come out of my mouth.  I felt them trying to escape.  I held my breath to stop them from rushing out and looked at the ground.
“Boo wanted you to walk, huh?  I’m sure he led you right up this path too.  This is his favorite place to play.  We’ve tried everything to keep him away from this creek, especially when it’s this cold outside.  But we haven’t been successful, obviously.
“The kid has always been able to find a way to sneak out and this is where we find him.  Never been able to keep that boy away from the creek and I suppose we never will either,” Rave said and helped his wife stand back up.
“Ember, you were supposed to be telling me about your hands, remember?  Why on earth were you playing in icy creek water?  I’d really love an explanation…” Tray reminded me and he sounded exasperated.
Boo still continued to shine with a dim blue light and I felt insane.  I tried to ignore him as I offered my explanation to my brother.
“I wasn’t playing in the creek…Boo asked me to swim.  I told him that people can’t play in the water like ducks can right now because it’s too cold.  So I put his duck in the water, and then I handed the leash to him.  But he kinda got distracted by something when he was holding Heaven’s leash.  His duck started to float away and I had to react fast if I wanted to catch him.
“Then, I lost my balance and sorta fell forward into the creek.  It can’t be considered playing when I was just trying to get Heaven…” I explained and watched them all look at me with confused stares.
I became uncomfortable when they didn’t respond to my explanation.  They were all speechless.  I didn’t know what to do, so I decided to explain some more.
“Don’t worry; I caught Heaven just in time.  You can see for yourself – Heaven’s fine…” I pointed out the obvious.
Their confused stares continued.  All three of them looked at me like I had just morphed into an alien from outer space and my head had just spun around.
“Boo told you to take a swim in the creek?  You’re sure he said that?” Tray asked me and seemed puzzled.
“Well, technically, he said “Ember swim,” but I kinda understood his implied meaning.  It wasn’t rocket science, Tray,” I replied sarcastically and felt the angry blood pumping through my throbbing, frozen hands.
I must have sprouted horns and tentacles to match my alien-head-spinning act.  They looked at me like I was no longer human.  I was flipped out, but I still had no idea what was happening.  I gave my brother a desperate look because I needed his assistance.  He was pale as a ghost and didn’t say anything to help me out in this crazy situation.
Eventually, he regained his composure enough to ask me something.  Still looking perplexed, he silently mouthed the word “Heaven” to me and pointed skyward.
“No, no – not Heaven up there – Heaven the duck,” I finally offered after a small eternity of being on display as ‘alien-possessed-Ember.’
“Boo spoke to you – out loud with words?” Tray asked like I was pulling his leg.
“Well, um yes, he said a few things – just kid stuff.  I promise I’ve kept a close eye on him the entire time.  He’s such a sweet little guy and we’ve had fun.  He introduced me to his duck, Heaven.  Didn’t you already know his duck’s name?” I asked them and now returned their puzzled expressions.
They know Boo and the fact that he plays at the creek, but they don’t know his duck’s name?  Maybe it was supposed to be our secret.  I looked at Boo with a worried expression, but he didn’t seem to notice.  I was totally confused and no one would explain anything.
Tray was still kneeling in front of me, white as a blank sheet of paper.  He had one hand clamped over his mouth like he had been stunned by a new revelation.  I was clueless about what had him so shocked though.  He couldn’t see the glowing little boy behind him.
He held my hands together, painfully with his other hand.  He was clearly over the edge and I went along for the ride.  Suddenly, I couldn’t say anything either.  The three of them continued to openly gawk at me and I returned the favor.  The earth seemed to stop moving.
Having no idea what the problem was, I waited in silence.  Then, the earth would start moving again when the little boy started talking.
“Water likes Ember,” Boo stated happily as he put his soldiers back in formation.  “Likes Ember…likes Ember…water likes Ember,” he said in a sing-song fashion.
Everyone’s attention was suddenly riveted on Boo.  Although I knew they didn’t see the blue around him because it was only part of my mental disorder, they did look at him like he had morphed into an alien too.
Why are they so traumatized??  Nothing bad had happened – not to anyone – unless we count the woman fainting.  Nothing bad had happened to Boo though.  He appeared to be perfectly normal to me – talking, singing and playing without a care in the world.  I seriously considered running away from this crazy, unknown scene, but where would I go?  Tray was my only means of escape and he was still thoroughly astonished.
Celeste rushed over to Boo and then cupped his face in her hands.  He smiled up at her for one brief second in acknowledgement and said “water likes Ember” again.  Then, he pulled away from her hands and resumed positioning his army.
A tidal wave of tears streamed down her face.  She stood up and walked in my direction.  I braced myself for whatever she was getting ready to tell me.
She didn’t say a single word to either me or Tray.  She only motioned for him to move out of her way.  Then she placed her hand on my forehead and held it motionless.  I felt a strange energy flow from her hand into my body.
I watched in surprise as she started to glow with a blue haze, just like the little boy.  Suddenly, my inner light was being drawn out of me.  It combined with her light blue aura.  They radiated around my body until she removed her hand from my forehead.  Then, both lights quickly faded.
Celeste nodded toward her husband, wordlessly.  She stood up and motioned for us to follow.  When Boo noticed that I was leaving, he dropped his soldier on the creek bank and ran over to grab my hand.  We all obediently followed Celeste as she led us back down the mountain, out of the woods and back to Sunridge.
Boo released my hand as soon as we walked into their house and went into what was probably his bedroom to do something.  Celeste watched his every movement as if he had just earned a gold medal at the Olympics.
“I don’t understand,” I finally stated.
Their collective silence was maddening – especially Tray’s.
“You don’t understand yet, but you will, Ember.  I promise you will,” Rave stated from behind me.
“Yes, you will understand soon,” Celeste finally spoke and exited the room.
Rave followed his wife.  My brother and I watched as he disappeared around the corner.
My hands tingled with electric waves of pain.  I rubbed them together and looked back toward Tray.  I gave him our famous ‘what in the world is going on here’ look.  He leaned over and whispered in my ear, “Boo is autistic.  He’s never said a word the entire time I’ve worked here…”
His words flooded through my awareness.  I was shocked beyond belief.  Then my world turned upside-down and I was the one that fainted…

Chapter Twenty Seven

I awoke to the disgusting odor of smelling salts being waved back and forth under my nose.  I coughed and choked from the stench.  Pushing Celeste’s hand away from my face, I inhaled some fresh air.
“It’s okay, Ember.  You just had a little scare, but everything is fine now, I assure you,” Celeste said in her quiet manner.
I was being held in Tray’s arms so I knew I was safe.  But I was currently shaking all over from adrenaline.  It surged through my veins like a speeding train.
How much more can I possibly handle??
I was losing my mind, illuminating from time-to-time, these people are glowing blue and now a mute child speaks to me!  I felt the insanity threatening to sweep me back into the darkness – an escape…
Tray stood me back on my feet when he thought I was lucid.  That might turn out to be a mistake.  I was still a raging mental case and about to come unglued any second.
Although I didn’t notice him originally, Boo had been holding my hand since I woke up.  He tilted his head sideways as if he were perplexed.
“Not sleep time – sun waked up,” he said clearly.
After Boo made his announcement, he ran back into his room to play.  Celeste and Tray were both staring at me again.  She was obviously preparing to offer me another reassurance, but I completely lost it before she could speak.  I morphed into ‘psychotic-Ember’ right before their eyes.
“No, let me assure you all that I am not fine.  I can’t take this madness anymore.  You all need to hear me on this issue because I’m not likely gonna come back from the ledge once I go flyin’ over it.  I’m losing my mind.  I’m crazy – as in, ready for the loony bin and a jacket that snaps shut in the back.  I urgently need a padded room…doesn’t anyone here get it??  You’re the blue aliens…well, not Tray – at least not yet he isn’t…
“Creator you can just take me now because it’s not like I’m ever coming back after this craziness.  You all really need to listen since I’m not likely to visit any of you again once I’m back to my own alien world…I’m gonna stay there.  So here it is…I might be a tentacle-horn sprouting girl, but this is all crazier than that.  I assure you that I am many, many things, but I am definitely n-o-t, not, not fine.  I’m …talking ttttooo…rubbbber…ddduccckksss…I’m…III ccannn’ttt bbbrrreeeatthheeee.  Please… please…Tttrrrayyyy…mmakkke this lllunnaaccyyy…sssttttopppp…” I panted and heaved as the hysteria overtook me.
Celeste and Tray walked me over to the couch.  Then she instructed me to lower my head between my knees.  I tried to regain control of my breathing as she soothed me.
“Calm down, shh, calm down.  Breathe, just breathe…feel the air filling your lungs…calm down, everything’s going to be okay…you’re going to be okay…sshhh…that’s a girl, Ember…quiet your thoughts…” Celeste whispered and rubbed my back in slow, even circles.
My breathing eventually returned to normal.  I noticed her light blue aura was surrounding me again.  Although it should have sent me back over into insanity, it didn’t.  Her light felt like a warm embrace and it calmed me.  Once I had control of myself, I leaned back against the couch.  My face was flush from my inner fire and severe embarrassment.  Celeste smiled at me and then handed me a mug filled with some type of herbal tea.
“You should hold it with both hands – there you go.  It should help warm them slowly.  That’s a special tea blend.  It will help calm your spirit, nerves and mind,” she told me.
“I’m so sorry.  I didn’t mean to fall to pieces.  I really haven’t been myself lately…” I tried to explain, but it sounded pathetically hollow.
“You have nothing to apologize for.  In fact, I should be the one apologizing to you.  I didn’t expect to walk up there and see those exquisite rainbows you created.  Did Boo say anything about them?”
I was rendered speechless, but Celeste didn’t seem to notice.  She continued talking in a sane, rational voice.
“Your spirit light was astounding to witness, but that wasn’t the reason I fainted.  I was overwhelmed by Boo’s sudden ability to speak.  I have seen and heard many unusual things in my life, but that certainly beats them all.  When did he first talk to you?  I bet it was when the water turned your essences into rainbows.  That’s what happens when the element combines with a spirit light, obviously…”
She sounded entirely normal, but I must be misinterpreting the situation.  My skin was damp with sweat.  I wondered just how long it would be before the cops arrived or worse, the Department of Social Services.
I will need a shower before they lock me away in some underground government facility, for heaven sakes…
I glanced worriedly out of the front window.  However the only things of any interest were parked cars and a cat as it ran across the yard.  Then I looked at Tray.  He was sipping coffee and appeared to be relaxed.
Why wasn’t he ready to grab me and run right out the door?
Then I remembered our conversation from last night.  Tray could just use his ability and make everything alright.  But he didn’t appear to be doing anything besides listening attentively.  I didn’t sense anything wrong or unusual.  Everything felt natural.  This situation could never be defined as normal.
Since I couldn’t comprehend my new reality, I headed back into the madness.  So, I suppose a mute child speaks and a girl makes rainbows with creek water every day around this place.  I would have yelled that too, but my voice wasn’t working.  I couldn’t hear anything Celeste was saying as my mind sailed over the brink.
Why isn’t Tray zapping her or whatever it is that he does?  Why was Celeste still talking about all the madness from earlier?  Was this Tray’s master plan – to let her spill all she knew and then erase her memories?  If so, he was going to have to erase Rave’s and Boo’s memories as well because they were there to witness it.  So for that to work then Tray has to zap me out of existence.  That means he will have to erase Boo’s memory to a time where he doesn’t remember meeting me.  Whatever I did made him find his voice.  Could Tray take this gift of speech from him just to save me from getting locked away in a psycho-ward?  That felt so wrong for so many reasons…
I felt the tears beginning to fill my eyes again.  I fought against them and forced them to retreat somehow.  I tried to concentrate, but my labored mind had become Swiss cheese.  So I had to settle for sitting quietly and allowing fate to spin the wheel.  It’s not like I had another choice.
Rave placed an old, leather bound book on the coffee table in front of me.  Then he winked and smiled.  The book didn’t have a title and it was barely held together by a thick, gold thread of some type.  Anyone could tell it was an antique.  I reached out to feel the leather and considered opening it because I was very curious to look inside, but I decided against it.  Maybe it was their private family scrapbook.
“Go ahead, open it, please read,” Celeste offered.
She slid the book closer to me.  I did as she requested and read a few lines.  It appeared to be a long list of names with what I assumed were dates of birth and death etched beside them.  A few pages later, the stories began to unfold.  It was her family’s history – written down and recorded for future generations.
Tray thanked her for the coffee, kissed me on the forehead and told me to stay inside.  He and Rave returned to the garage to continue their work.  Celeste offered me a sandwich and chips.  I accepted the food because I was hungry.  I thanked her and ate while I read through the pages filled with stories of her ancestors.
The book was filled with lore, history, love stories, tragedies and triumphs.  I felt like an intruder sneaking around inside a sacred world of spirits.  I expressed this sentiment, but she encouraged me to continue.  After two full hours of being consumed in the pages, I found the story that she had wanted me to read all along.
Every word captivated my mind…
It was the beginning of true knowledge…
And nothing in my world would ever be the same again…

Chapter Twenty Eight

Ay’sha was a lovely gypsy princess who was born of the union between fire and ice.  They wrapped around her, in a ‘ribbon of illumination’ at the moment of her birth.  The darkness would never be able to surround her.  Her parents gifted her with a channel blend that was brought forth by their union, called the ‘essence of inspiration.’  Ay’sha grew into a beautiful young girl.  At the dawn of her sunrise year, she awoke to discover her mother had gone missing in the night.
She called to her mother at dawn and at dusk, but she could not be found.  Ay’sha would not surrender to the whims of fate.  She used the ‘ribbon of illumination’ to light her path.  She set about wandering through the darkness in search of her lost mother.
At dusk Ay’sha came upon a sacred ring of flames.  She stepped inside the circle unafraid, and the flames felt the weariness of her heart.  She drew upon their energy and called out to the ‘essence of undaunted tenacity’.  It spilled inside of her.  The flames renewed her spirit and they danced within her soul.  The night gave way to the awakening sun and the flames returned to the night – leaving the gypsy princess with their gift.
Ay’sha journeyed further into the gleaming sunlight, but was soon blinded by its radiance.  She ceased her journey and stood alone inside the brilliance – unable to venture further.  The sacred air was drawn to her plight and saw her heart was pure.  The sacred air gifted Ay’sha with the ‘essence of liberated desire’ to aid her in the quest.  She drew upon its essence and was able to soar to the heavens beyond the rays of the sun.  Even flying from high above the treetops, she still couldn’t find her mother.
The gypsy princess grew thirsty from using the essence of the air to fly.  She continued to soar until she saw a spring of fresh water.  Landing on the ground, she drank from the spring and this awakened the water spirit known as Thundris.  She asked Thundris to clear her mind through his elemental essence.  He cast his spirit into the gypsy girl through violent drops of rain from the heavens and permitted her the use of his gift because her heart was innocent.  Ay’sha thanked him and used the gift of his spirit called the ‘essence of obliteration’.  Thundris’ gift helped her influence the environment that surrounded her.  She asked every villager she could find and they spoke the truth to her.  They had no knowledge of what had happened to her mother.
Long suffering, Ay’sha fell to her knees, placed both hands to the fertile soil and cried in despair.  Her first teardrop awakened Shad’yai – keeper of all the earthen spirits.  He searched her heart and discovered the reason for her sorrow.  Realizing her mother was no longer a part of the earth Shad’yai gifted Ay’sha with a small portion of his spirit called the ‘essence of deadly breach.’  This gift allowed her to travel unhindered between the earth and the abyss.
She combined the essence of the strongest known element and blended it with her other gifts.  Then, she ventured into the unknown darkness.  The shadows surrounded Ay’sha, but she was still unafraid.  Her journey through the abyss was fruitless and her mother was still lost.
The gypsy princess stepped back into the light and realized why her search was futile.  Ay’sha understood that her mother’s spirit was wandering through the haunted emptiness, unable to hear her daughter’s calls.  Only a sacrifice could bring her mother back from that desolate place of lost spirits.  So Ay’sha once again boldly called forth the Earthen Keeper.
Shad’yai explored her heart and discovered her pure intentions.  He would honor her request.  The Earthen Keeper then drew upon all the essential power under his commanded and gifted Ay’sha with the ‘essence of Light’s enchantment’ – all which is pure and good.  The incredible Light entered into the soul of the gypsy princess.  She surrendered and her mother’s soul was returned.
Ay’sha drew the Light’s enchantment back inside her spirit before she died.  She had given herself in exchange for her mother’s life.  When her mother finally awoke and saw Ay’sha lying dead on fertile soil, she felt the power of her daughter’s sacrifice.  The mother gathered each of her daughter’s spiritual gifts into her awaiting soul – inspiration, undaunted tenacity, liberated desire, obliteration and the deadly breach.  She then drew into herself the ‘essence of Light’s enchantment’ – the powerful essence that had delivered her from a dark fate.
The mother returned back to her village, bearing each of her daughter’s gifts.  She would bring forth life anew and bind an essence to her offspring at birth.  To each of her sons, she gifted one lesser gift.  To her daughters though, she would pour out Ay’sha’s pure spirit.  The mother gifted her daughters with the essence of Light’s enchantment.  This was prized above all the others.  The daughters were shown this favor in honor of Ay’sha’s ultimate sacrifice.
From this bloodline the Essence of Life and Light will rise.  The Ay’sha lineage will possess the power to eclipse the sun and command the celestial moon, wake the sleeping earth, speak to the blowing winds and commune with the waters of the seas…

Chapter Twenty Nine

I have recently discovered that my ability just doesn’t work sometimes…
I always knew that it didn’t work on Ember, but I had arrogantly assumed that it would work on everyone else in the world.  A few weeks ago, I would have been terrified and overwhelmed by panic from this fact.  A tremendous amount of things can change in a very small amount of time – or so I have learned.
Frankly, if my ability had worked on Rave and Celeste that afternoon, Ember and I would have been on the run again.  As it turns out that decision would have been a huge mistake on my part, but I have since been humbled.  Until that fateful afternoon at the creek, I had walked around like everyone else on this planet – always thinking I had the answers and that I usually knew what to do in every situation.  At risk of betraying my ‘brotherhood’, that last part likely is more a male-quality, than a universally held thought.
Guys mostly react without thinking if they are panicked enough.  The female of our species tends to think a little before they react, even under dire circumstances.  It’s for that very reason that I was thankful Celeste was there at the creek bank that afternoon.
It was unusual for Celeste to arrive home before I had left for the day.  On the rare occasions when we did manage to bump into each other, she was polite and kind of quiet.  Rave was full of interesting stories so even when his wife was around, she typically remained in the background.  I had never had any reason to use my ability on either one of them until that insane afternoon.
Boo usually stayed with us while we worked in the garage – that is, until he found something more interesting to do.  The first time I noticed the kid wandering into the woods alone, I alerted Rave immediately.  He pushed himself out from underneath the truck he was ‘inspecting’, stood up and looked in the direction Boo had vanished.
“Ah, Boo’s okay.  He’s got this special place near our creek that he plays at – rain or shine.  My wife used to follow him around, constantly worrying about him like women do.  I suppose she worried herself out at some point.  Either that or she decided he was safe because Boo’s been playing there for months, alone.  Women, no one can understand em’…”
Boo was the Jansens’ grandson.  Their oldest daughter had him when she was just fifteen.  She had run away months before with a “no-good, outsider” according to Rave.  When she reappeared, Vixie had her infant son in one hand and a cigarette in the other.  She didn’t even have formula or diapers, but she did have a terrible attitude and a substantial drug habit to feed.  Their daughter stuck around for less than twenty four hours before she stole all the cash she could find and left her son behind for Rave and Celeste to care for.
I had way too much personal experience with a parent who preferred a crack pipe – or any other chemical substance for that matter – to caring for her children.  So I felt a certain kinship with Boo.
Of course Boo was just his nickname.  His given name was Zander.  Although they had never formally adopted him, he was their child.  I had a great deal of respect for Rave and Celeste because they took care of their own.  That’s a huge priority in my book and a code I live by.  They were also both unwavering in their belief that the legal authorities should never get involved.  I had never seen a cop anywhere around their property, not even a forest ranger.  Rave’s people were a close-knit community, and one that obviously minded its own business.  That was a fact I especially liked.
My boss had told me that they had spent the first few years of their marriage living with Celeste’s family.  After a ‘time,’ they moved back to his land and this is where they were going to stay.  He talked often about how his people believed in staying off the radar and he told me a story to demonstrate this.
His shop had been vandalized a week before I came to work for him.  Some stereos were stolen out of his customer’s cars.  He had quietly replaced the stolen items out of his own pocket and finished the repairs, free of charge.
“That’s the way things are handled around here – all matters are taken care of among ourselves…” he announced and that was all he had to say about that.
Rave never discussed his other children.  In fact, the only reason I knew they had more than Vixie was because he had referred to her as his oldest daughter.  I never asked about their other kids or why he owned an auto mechanic shop either.
Most people open a garage because they are mechanics or it was handed down.  Rave had the garage built about six months before I started and he didn’t know anything much about auto repairs.  That made his ownership of a garage weird in my estimation.  He was an interesting, knowledgeable man – probably with an equally interesting and colorful history – but a real mechanic, he certainly wasn’t.
He would putter around the garage, ‘inspect’ my repairs and talk to me.  The real mechanical work fell squarely on my shoulders – not that I minded, though.  I have always enjoyed repairing cars and trucks.  I can fix anything with a motor.  He told me that he had never hired anyone until I came along.  Although I did wonder how he managed the major repair work for six months, I didn’t ask him because it wasn’t really my business.
It was so bizarre that afternoon on the creek bank.  I had reacted on instinct, just like all the other times before.  I had felt the power building and prepared to suggest that we had never met them.  After convincing them, we were going to run like the devil was chasing us.  My suggestion seemed to fade before it even started.  I had never given any thought to how “my persuasion” worked until that moment, but it was too late to figure it out.  I had wished insanely then that I had at least tried to decipher the ins and outs of my special ability.
However, it turns out that my inability to forcibly suggest something to Rave and Celeste would be a blessing in disguise because the Jansens’ would be able to explain some of the – well – unexplainable…

Chapter Thirty

Tray and I decided on the way home that I should use my nurse’s excuse for the remainder of the week.  That would give us until Monday to hopefully straighten out this mess.  We would just face the fallout when we returned to school – if there was any fallout, that is.
Celeste insisted that I take the book home and finish reading it.  She said it would help her, help me.  I had no clue what she meant by those words, but I promised to take excellent care of it.
She had given me a hug when I walked out the door.  I reluctantly returned her embrace.  It seems that somehow she had become close to me in the few hours we had known each other.  Sadly, except for Elizabeth, I had never been hugged by a female adult.  I assume that this females hugging females’ situation is a southern thing.  Krista’s grandmother had hugged me the first time we had met too.  I only hoped that I could get used to this southern female custom because it appeared that my brother and I would probably be living here for a while.  We would have to stay until I could retrieve the missing part of my spirit.
My brother and I made the strange, unspoken decision to avoid talking about the day’s events.  I guess he believed I was just all talked out.  I took a long shower when we arrived home.  After a quick dinner, Tray crashed out on the sofa in front of the television and I called Krista.
I had just enough time to apologize for not calling her last night like I promised before she interrupted me.  I couldn’t get a word in edgewise.  The office had my backpack and the receptionist released it to Krista.  I asked her to please check through it.  The only things missing were my CD’s and the portable player.  We both guessed that they had been stolen because the office would have informed her if they had been confiscated.  I felt the pain of that loss since our other stereo had been destroyed as a result of my terrified panic.
I tried to shrug off the theft, but Tray was right – I couldn’t imagine living very long without some type of music.  Since I was the one that paid our bills, I knew how much we had in our monthly budget.  We didn’t have the extra money to replace either the stereo or my portable CD player right then.
Krista continued to talk to me for hours about Greg – every detail of every single move he had made and every word he had spoken.  I have never heard anyone get so excited about someone else’s love of pizza without sauce.  I thought I would have a difficult time concentrating on what she was talking about, but her happiness made it much easier to listen.
It took my mind off the insanity for a while too…
She didn’t say anything about the dark clique boys pulling a prank on Greg or that the school was in an uproar over some bizarre incident before assembly.  I couldn’t decide if it was better to ask her if she had heard anything strange or just let it go.  I eventually decided that Krista would have definitely said something if the whole school was in upheaval after witnessing some loony floozy chick tripping out in the breezeway.  She would certainly mention if the dark clique kids did something crazy.
I would have given her my new cell phone number, but I still couldn’t manage to get a word in edgewise.  I finally interrupted her because it was so late.  I told her I would have to talk to her tomorrow.  I turned off the kitchen light and headed toward the bathroom to get ready for bed.  I walked by my bedroom and then whirled around when I realized something was different.
I flipped on the light and realized in surprise that it was empty except for the bed and a different dresser.  It looked just like the day we moved in.  I walked further down the hallway and discovered that my personal items were in the master bedroom.  I stood there in shock.
“I didn’t go through any of your stuff – just so you know.  I moved your dresser without opening a single drawer.  I decided that you need a change of scenery.  I hope you don’t mind,” Tray suddenly whispered from behind me.
When he spoke to me, I was startled.  I didn’t realize he was awake.
“That was very nice of you, but I think you should have the master bedroom,” I replied and felt the adrenaline rushing through my veins from his silent approach.
“Nah, I’m content where I’m at.  Besides, you have at least double the amount of stuff that I have.  By the way, I never realized that fact until I moved your things from room to room.  All that flippin’ girl stuff must take up a lot of space, huh?” he joked and then he ran into the bathroom so he could have the first turn.
“Bah…” I replied and I tried to grab his arm to prevent his escape.
He is very fast – especially when he is motivated.  He easily slipped into the bathroom ahead of me without a problem.
I surveyed my new bedroom and realized that he must have been up all night long moving my things.  Every item had been meticulously placed just like I had them in the other room.  Tray wanted me to sleep somewhere that didn’t hold any bad memories, but was still familiar to me.  His gesture made my heart swell – I love my brother.  I sprawled out across my new bed and waited for my turn in the bathroom.
When Tray finally came out, I jumped up and gave him a hug and thanked him for everything.  I took another shower – this was becoming obsessive, but I couldn’t seem to help myself.
He was asleep by the time I came out of the bathroom.  So I turned on my bedside light, slid under the covers and opened the leather bound book.
I was spellbound as I read all night long…

Chapter Thirty One

The next morning was cold and dreary.  The rain was pouring down so hard that my clothes were soaked within a minute.
Sunridge Automotive was still closed when we arrived, but Celeste had asked us to come over first thing in the morning.  I had wrapped the borrowed antique book in plastic bags so it wouldn’t get wet.  I held it close to me when I sprinted from the car into the Jansens’ house.  I handed it to Celeste as I rushed through the door.
“Morning,” I greeted them and then peeled off my jacket.
Rave nodded and smiled at me.  He was sitting at the dining room table, drinking coffee and reading a newspaper that was written in a foreign language.  A stereo was playing softly in the background.  Boo ran out of his bedroom and waved at me.
“Ember swim,” Boo exclaimed as he prepared to pull on his winter boots.
He must have thought I had been in the water since my clothes are wringing wet.
“No, it’s too cold to go outside.  Remember – only ducks can swim right now.  Let’s play a game inside,” I coaxed.
Boo’s face twisted up with obvious displeasure.  He doesn’t care how cold or wet it is – he wants to play at the creek.  He stood there indecisively with one boot on and one boot off.  Then I felt the wind brush by me as Tray opened the door to come inside.
A warm, comforting feeling welled up inside me as the outside air touched my damp skin.  Suddenly, my inner light illuminated.  It surrounded me and Boo.  He tilted his head upward to look into my eyes – searching them for all the answers.
He can see into my soul…
Boo promptly pulled off his boot and tossed it back into the basket.  He was content for the moment at least, to play inside.
“Heaven swims,” he informed us and ran to his room.
They rest of us watched in wonder as the ethereal light faded back inside my body.  I stood in awestruck silence, not knowing what to say.
“How long have you been able to call on your spirit light?” Celeste broke the silence and asked me.
“I didn’t know that was what I was doing – calling to my spirit light…” I stated.
“Not calling to the light – calling on your spirit light,” she explained.
“It just appeared one day without warning.  I didn’t know what it was or why it happened or anything…” I offered.
Celeste was obviously astounded by my revelation.
“You mean you’ve been able to call on your spirit light without knowledge of its existence?” she questioned me, incredulously.
“Well, I guess so…”
I didn’t really know how to answer her question because none of it made any sense to me.  It was true that the spirit light radiated from my body, and I could feel it happen.  I didn’t realize the fact that I was the one controlling it – well, at least I was supposed to be the one that was controlling it.
Celeste quickly explained how dangerous it was to call on my spirit light and not be fully in command of its incredible power.
“Your spirit light holds all of the power of the elements within it – the pure energies of all things in nature and those found in all living creatures.  When you call on the light it’s drawn directly from your spirit.  It’s critical that you release and withdraw your spirit light only in the presence of purity.  This is especially true because it appears that you haven’t been educated in our ways.  What do you know about your bloodline and heritage?” Celeste inquired.
“Who me??  I…well…I don’t know…I mean – not very much,” I stammered and waited for Tray to interrupt my idiotic ravings.
He just sat silently and listened to me stumble around with the words.
I didn’t know what to tell her…
“How much is ‘not very much’?” she pressed me for more answers.
I exchanged a knowing glance with Tray that I hoped conveyed, “you gotta help me here because I don’t know which life I should tell her about…”  I’m no good at making stuff up on a second’s notice.  That’s my brother’s area of expertise.  I couldn’t risk saying something that would alert her to the fact that we are on our own.
This woman seemed to know what was happening to me.  So, I wasn’t even sure I could fabricate a lie worthy enough to be believed.  This situation was turning awkward, fast.
Then miraculously, Tray decided to rescue me.  Thank you Creator…
“Ember doesn’t remember anything about our parents or their bloodlines.  I guess she was too young at the time that I took her and we ran away from home,” Tray announced plainly.
Outright terror swept through my body and rocked my mind.  He had just blurted out the unaltered truth!  I wasn’t prepared for him to say that.  My mouth fell open in shock.
“So, did your parents teach you anything about your lineage before you took Ember and left home?” Celeste turned her full attention to Tray.
“My grandma told me a little bit about her ancestors, but my parents never taught me about our family history or anything like that – if that’s what you’re getting at.”
“Did they ever speak of their gifts, hers or yours?” Celeste inquired, worriedly.
Tray simply shook his head no.
“That is incredibly irresponsible – very, very irresponsible in fact,” Celeste informed us, scratching her head perplexed.
He watched her try to reconcile the facts in her mind.  It was clear that he didn’t know what to tell her.
“I suppose this means we have to start from square one.  I will try my best to teach you about our ways – at least as much as I know.  Frankly though, I’m surprised you haven’t destroyed something already.  You have been very lucky,” Celeste said.
Her facial expression conveyed absolute astonishment.  She looked at Tray like he had just announced that we had walked directly across the Atlantic Ocean to get here.
“If the look on your face is any indication of just how lucky we’ve been up until now, then I think we should call it something else – like divine intervention.  We’ve been stumbling around in the dark without a clue,” Tray said. 
“Okay, divine intervention it is.  Still, like all the powers, wielding them without true knowledge of their essence is like lighting a match near gasoline.  So Ember, we will start with your spirit light because that is what you have been toying with, and then we go from there.  Before she and I can begin, I need you to answers some questions for me, Tray.  You must be totally honest,” Celeste stated.
Tray nodded his head in affirmation.  However, I could sense the reserve behind his gesture.  He would only give her so much because trust doesn’t come easily for him.  In fact, he only trusts one other person on this planet – me.
“I realize this will be very difficult for you because it goes against your nature.  In order to prove my good intentions and that you can trust us, I will share some of our secrets first.  Then, you will share yours last.  Do we have a deal?” she offered and then waited for his reply.
He nodded again in agreement, but the reserve was still evident.
“Do I have your word of honor, Traywick Shane Pateman, that you will share your secrets, honestly if I willingly share ours first?” Celeste questioned him intently.
It was clear that she would not accept his nod as an answer.
“Yes, you have my word…”
I knew this would seal the deal because he would never back out after giving his word.
“As you are already aware – I am a descendent of the Ay’sha bloodline – gypsy is the more familiar term.  Rave’s parents were both full-blooded Vaydem.  His father was the clan’s most powerful shaman.
“The Vaydem are a relatively small, clandestine society.  They have lived in these mountains for generations, but not even the locals know about their existence.  They are a race unknown to the outside world.  Skilled herbalists, extraordinary healers, pacifists by nature, they are the spiritual keepers of the Teira’shavalan – the sacred Arboretum.
“The Arboretum is positioned within the center of their hallowed land.  The ground you are standing on is part of a cherished Preserve.  All Vaydem are entitled to property and can withdraw funds as necessary from the High Council.  So business ownership, such as an automotive repair shop, is designed more for pleasure or companionship than for necessity of income…”
“Now, I have shared some of ours – so, who were your parents?” she asked.
“Our dad was probably a gypsy because that’s the lifestyle we lived.  I don’t know if he was full-blooded or anything.  I’m fairly sure he had the gift of persuasion or whatever your book calls it.  But, I didn’t realize it at the time.  I guess I was too young or something.  Looking back, I can see how he used his ability.  But, he didn’t use it for anything good that I can remember.  As far as our mom, well, she was usually high, falling down drunk or gone for days on end,” Tray stated with deep regret – it’s hard to relive the past.
“Your grandma that you referred to previously – was she your maternal or paternal grandmother?” Celeste asked.
“Grandma Edie was mom’s mother.  She died a couple of years after Ember was born.  Like I said, she told me a few stories about her relatives in the old country.  She didn’t have too many chances to speak to me alone.  So what I know about her is kinda limited.
“Her stories weren’t a part of any con.  Translated, that means my dad didn’t want me to listen.  He monopolized most of my time.  He didn’t drink alcohol or do drugs like mom.  He educated me in the family business.  He also threatened me, came through on his threats and yelled at my mom – when she was there to be yelled at, that is.
“We lived in rat infested apartments or houses during the winter months, because conning was a year-round venture.  Summers were spent mostly in tents or campers – easier to make money that way.  We even spent a summer living with another family in a pop-up…” Tray offered and his face shadowed over.
My heart was shattered from his revelations.  Maybe I couldn’t remember anything about my parents, because there was nothing good to recollect…only sorrow.
“I’m sorry that happened to you both.  Our gifts grant us tremendous power, but it is important to remember that every power has two sides – one light and one dark.  If a power is always channeled for evil purposes, it will eventually warp and destroy the channeler.  It sounds like your parents chose the dark side and it swallowed them alive,” Celeste replied.
We sat and waited for him to provide more details, but he had said all he planned to say for a while.  His face shadowed more deeply as Celeste resumed talking.
“The pure Ay’sha bloodlines have not been able to hold their integrity like the Vaydem.  Our children no longer follow our customs and many have turned to drugs and alcohol.  Intoxicants irreversibly taint Ay’sha powers if used for any length of time.
“Our bloodlines are mixed with impure races.  They have become watered down because this new generation believes only in pleasure seeking and selfish rewards.  They do not believe in hard work or diligence.  The old ways are dying out and our children’s children are given no gifts…” Celeste stopped talking and looked longingly towards Boo’s bedroom.
The pain was reflected in her tear-filled eyes.  She was struggling to keep them from falling.  It struck me suddenly that she believes that her grandson has no special abilities.  That is not the case, at all.
“Boo does have gifts,” I announced.
She stared at me hopefully, in anticipation.
“He doesn’t communicate like you and I do right now, but that doesn’t mean he’s not gifted.  I actually think he might be more gifted than all of us.  Think about it.  He led me to the creek because he knew the water wanted to commune with me.  You had the opportunity to see my spirit light only because Boo intervened.
“I know you passed out yesterday and then, you were focused on me.  So maybe you didn’t see the fact that he possesses your light blue aura –they’re identical.
“He might not talk or even act like us because he lives inside his own world for the moment.  I promise you this – he loves just like we do.  He only shows it in a different way,” I said with true conviction and my spirit light shimmered around me as proof.
The tears finally spilled from her eyes as she realized the truth in my words…

Chapter Thirty Two

I spent the next few hours learning more about my spirit light than I ever dreamed was possible.  I would call it forward, very carefully.  Then I would either pull it back inside or give it away to something.  As long as I absorbed it, it obeyed my command.  When I tried to channel it to something though, it would obstinately refuse to go.
We spent the next two days at the Jansens’ and Celeste taught me about the power of music.  Both the Ay’sha and the Vaydem lineage incorporate music and dancing into their rituals.  Although Celeste didn’t offer to teach me any ritual dances, she did agree to teach me how to channel.  Spiritual channels do various things depending on how they are called forward and blended.  She compared them to volatile recipes, so it would be easier for me to understand the concept.  Before teaching me any type of channel, she said I needed to be able to command my spirit light.  It was being very temperamental.
In my quest for more knowledge, she shared additional information about the Vaydem with me.  The Vaydem lineage uses a variety of skills that include unbelievably powerful ritual dances.  They can also call on the ‘essence’ of all naturally occurring elements to assist their channels or dance rituals.
Rave is a descendant of the shaman bloodline – the most powerful of his lineage.  My curiosity overwhelmed me.  I want to learn about Rave’s people, but I also want to respect their privacy.  It turns out my unquenchable thirst for knowledge outweighs my privacy obsession.  I finally couldn’t tolerate it anymore and asked Celeste a question about the Vaydem ritual dances.
She revealed that her husband can channel unbelievably potent rituals through dance.  But he rarely performs them anymore.  I had to literally bite my tongue to keep myself quiet.  Celeste didn’t offer any explanation for his no longer performing those types of rituals.  So I assumed the reason was personal.
They both believed the combination of music and the wind was the catalyst that had drawn my spirit light from me originally.  This fact both captivated and perplexed them.  To their knowledge, only the Vaydem bloodlines are given the gifts of commanding the “nature elements” of earth, wind, fire and water.
Tray said he had no clue what our mother’s lineage was.  He offered that she had blue eyes like mine and black hair like his, but those attributes are very generic.  So, they didn’t help Rave or Celeste decipher her lineage.  Then, they all agreed that it was unlikely either of our parents were Vaydem because they would have at least tried to exploit it for monetary gain.  Although Celeste did reveal that Vaydem people have little need for money in our initial conversation, she didn’t elaborate on the subject anymore and neither did Rave.
“Well, I love music and everything in nature seems to call out to me.  The two cultures are so much alike anyway…” I stated because they truly seemed that way to me.
“No, Ember.  Our cultures do share a tribal history and use dance rituals to celebrate passage of rites and channel our powers.  However, that is where the similarities end.  Vaydem tribes use powerful herbs, that include strong hallucinogens, in their spiritual rituals.  Drugs or any mind-altering substances are strictly forbidden in the Ay’sha culture.  They can alter our spiritual gifts and can be highly destructive.
“You have been given the gift of a spirit light.  Just like the story, it is the blending of spiritual essences.  Those essences are extraordinarily powerful when channeled alone.  I cannot begin to describe how much force can be generated when they are channeled collectively.  It is critical that you always maintain clarity of thought, lucid focus and purity of intent.  Failure to maintain this precision in relation to channeling your spirit light, can and will be catastrophic,” Celeste told me.
“That’s not a good thing to hear because I have the faultiest memory on this planet.  I’ve been experiencing these “memory lapses”…” I replied and made the quote marks in the air.
“Wait, we need to explore them before we go any further,” Celeste told me with an urgent tone.
“Um, okay…no wait…I’m confused.  You want to explore my memory lapses??  Exactly how do we explore something that can’t be remembered?” I questioned her incredulously.
Although I tried not to sound sarcastic, I’m sure the question came out that way.  The idea seemed ridiculous to me.
“We explore them around the edges and we work our way to the middle, in a manner of speaking.  You start by telling me about something you can remember – a story about tapping into your abilities.  Tell me about using your gifts – what those instances felt like – what you saw when you used them – what you wanted to hold onto – those are the things I want you to tell me about…” Celeste asked me and then reclined on the sofa to listen to my stories.
“Well, you saw what happened at the creek…” I started to explain.
“No, no.  Tell me a story about using or experiencing your spiritual gifts – one that I have never witnessed.”
I searched through my defective memory and chose the forest flight story.  As much as I wanted to trust her, I couldn’t bring myself to share the silver mist with anyone else other than Tray.  The temperamental burning still lapped underneath my heart.  Although she might be able to actually explain how I can retrieve that wandering piece of my soul, it didn’t feel right to tell her about the silver mist.
More details surfaced as I recounted the wonderful flight through the forest.  She continued to ask me questions and extra details emerged.
“I don’t remember what happened at the end, right before the window shattering incident occurred…” I stated curiously.
My mind refused to cooperate with me.  Those last few minutes near my journey’s end stayed clouded in mystery.
“Don’t try to force it into your memory.  Let’s focus on what we know so far.  We have established that it was your spirit that took flight that evening and not your actual body.  You recall how your tears were spilling and how upset you were while you were flying back home.  You can also remember your rooftop and looking down on it from above.
“Now, do you remember seeing your physical body standing inside the bedroom?  It would have been very still, waiting for the return of your spirit…” Celeste guided me.
Suddenly, the mental fog lifted and my mind formed the image.  The memory came back into focus.
“I was sorta hovering around and I wanted to keep flying.  My spirit wanted to return to its rightful place so that’s precisely where it was headed.  I was descending, but I wasn’t happy about it.  I tried to protest because I desperately wanted to return to my tree.  But, it did what it wanted to do.
“Oh, by the way, I realize it was totally ridiculous to argue with my spirit.  In my defense though, I didn’t comprehend it was my soul I was trying to convince.  Well, I didn’t know it was my spirit flying around because it felt just like me, maybe only a little lighter.  But it was my thoughts for sure, because I know me and how I argue.  So even though it wasn’t my body or my brain doing the talking, it was definitely me, being me because I was there for the debate.  Wait, none of that came out right,” I stated and started laughing.
Tray was inside when I said it.  He was trying his best to keep from joining in my laughter.
“I understand what you are saying.  Please continue…” Celeste said.
“I wanted to keep on flying and I’m not one to give up easily if I want something.  So, I started to protest the decision loudly.  But it didn’t do one bit of good because I was almost touching the ground.  Then, I got stunned into momentary silence because I saw my body standing inside the window.  It was as still as a statue, my eyes were wide open and my palms were pressed firmly against the glass pane.
“My body didn’t react at all, but I sure did.  It’s very unsettling when you realize you’re floating around outside of yourself.  In my outright fear, I ordered my body to come to me right that instant.  I didn’t take into account that I was hovering off the ground and that my body can’t fly without some type of wings, right?
“Well, my spirit must’ve forgotten that law of science and my body didn’t seem to care either.  It was going to answer my call.
“Then something even more bizarre happened.  The glass turned into a heated liquid and my palms pressed through it.  The liquid kinda ‘gave way’ like two rippling pools of gooey water or something.  I was terrified as I watched my forearms slip through the melted glass.  My spirit reacted to my panic and floated toward my body.  My hands reached out in an effort to touch my spirit.  I was overwhelmed by emotion and started to choke.
“Terror consumed me and my spirit responded by diving towards my outstretched hands.  Then, my spirit touched my fingers and it was violently yanked back inside of my physical body.  The glass reacted to this crazy spirit/body merging incident by turning back into a solidified state.  I had no idea how I turned the glass into liquid in the first place, so I couldn’t make it change into a puddle again.  My arms were still half inside and half outside when the glass turned back into solid matter.  I was suddenly standing on the inside, looking out.
“When I ‘merged with myself,’ I felt this tremendous amount of strength.  It freaked me out and I reflexively pulled my arms back through the glass pane because they couldn’t stay outside when I was inside.  But yanking them like that would turn out to be an epically gimonsterous mistake because the glass pane shattered when I did it.  The shards ripped through my skin…” I explained what happened to everyone in the room as the memories returned to me.
Everything made perfect sense now, but I was still upset over the loss of my flawless skin.  I traced the scars on my forearm.  It would never be the same…
“Ember, do you understand now why you must only use your gifts with clarity of thought?” Celeste asked me.
“I think so, but what could I have done differently?  No, strike that, why did the liquid glass turn back into solid glass?” I wondered aloud.
“Your spirit turned the glass into its original state – liquid, sand and heat.  When your spirit ordered your body to come to it, your body had no choice, but to comply.  However, your fear compelled your soul to reunite before it was fully outside.  Once reunited, the energy between them fractured the fragile spiritual stream.  The glass returned to its original state and your arms were caught in the middle.
“Fortunately, it was only a pane of glass that you had your arms through.  When your spirit reunites with your body it produces a brief burst of inhuman strength, as you felt.  Your body could have just as easily slipped through wood or concrete because nothing will prevent it from moving if the spirit commands it.
“That means that you could have been caught between the 2x4’s that support your house’s structure.  Your body would have been forced to go either inside or out because it cannot stay encased inside solid matter.  Given the extraordinary strength you possess when this joining transpires, you would have demolished the house as you moved to an unoccupied space.  You would have died instantly,” Celeste added gravely.
I heard Tray gasp in horror before he rushed out the door and disappeared into the wintery evening rain.

Chapter Thirty Three

My footfalls pounded the unsuspecting ground.  Adrenaline coursed through my body in tidal waves.  I didn’t think it was humanly possible to run this fast…
This was too much to take.  I felt like all the wind had been knocked out of me and it was never going to return.  Misty raindrops bulleted into my flesh like I was riding a motorcycle going full speed ahead.
I can’t protect Ember…there’s no way to do it…I was and I am, totally helpless.
“You would have died…”
Those horrific words repeatedly thundered around my head, threatening to take me over the brink.  They assaulted me from the inside.  Celeste didn’t say “you maybe could have died” or “you might have possibly died.”
She said, “You would have died instantly…”
It was a hideous fact that I wish I could somehow not have heard.  It’s just not possible….
Ember was standing not more than twenty five feet away from me that evening and she had almost killed herself!
I ran even faster, and tried to outpace my reality.  There’s really no way to avoid something like that regardless of the desire.  The truth will always follow, like an unwelcomed shadow.  Eventually, I had to stop running since I couldn’t leave the state without Ember.  I also needed to catch my breath – even though I felt like dying.
Rave was puttering around in the garage (as usual) when I returned to Sunridge.  My mad dash was pointless because I couldn’t avoid my detestable new reality.  I wasn’t out of breath anymore because I had walked the six miles back instead of running.  It was odd, but I wasn’t even tired.  I could have run another ten miles or more, but I figured what’s the use.
All the running in the world won’t change a single thing about my life…
“You alright, Son?” Rave asked me, nonchalantly.
“I suppose I will have to be at some point – I just don’t know when that’ll be…” I replied honestly.
“Listen, that little sister of yours is tough.  Ya’ know, women are much stronger than we think they are,” Rave offered.
“They’d have to be…otherwise, they’d be extinct if their survival depended on a man.  I can’t even protect her when she’s just in the next flippin’ room…” I blurted out my exasperated thoughts without thinking.
“You were born to protect.  You didn’t read the book Celeste sent home with your sister, did you?” he asked me the rhetorical question, so I sat silently brooding and didn’t offer a response.
“There are stories in that book that’ll make your chest hair fall out, so it’s probably better that you don’t read them ‘til your feeling strong again.  Celeste’s people have a long, long history that’s full of dominant females – not that I mind that part of it.  My own Vaydem heritage has more than its fair share of strong woman that do amazing things.  But Celeste’s people find a reverence in women because they give birth.  So that book is stuffed full of women doing this and that.
“The one story in that book that I remember best is about a Spiritual Guardian.  I’d like to share it with you.  That way you don’t have to read it.  I’m guessing that reading is not your priority right now.
“The legend tells us about a fierce race of two hundred warriors called the Lor’Tirin – Keepers of Lightning.  They were formed by the essences of strength and courage.  The Lor’Tirin were created to protect the women and children during the long summer hunts.  These celestial guardians surrounded the Ay’sha village to keep watch until the clansmen returned with the bounty.  They would move the women and children outta harm’s way whenever possible.
“But the lesser sun god, Turish saw how beautiful the Ay’sha women were and wanted to know them all – like his own personal gypsy harem.  He tracked them for years, but he was always a second too late to capture them.  So Turish got ticked off and decided to create another race to fight the Lor’Tirin.  He called them the Kle’Ramdi which means Justice of the Sun God.  They were a pack of warriors and they outnumbered the Lor’Tirin Guardians by a hundred fold.
“The Sun God’s army somehow managed to track down the Ay’sha women and children.  They were surrounded by the time they were discovered.  So the Lor’Tirin had to either surrender or stand and fight.  Surrendering wasn’t an option they would consider – not in that case at least.  After a fierce battle only one Guardian was left standing.  His name was Valin’Jaqua.
“When the clansmen returned, they paid homage to the lone Spiritual Guardian by giving him the most beautiful Ay’sha woman of the village for his bride.  They say his descendants’ will rise to form a great and powerful lineage of Guardians with warrior hearts – born to protect the women and children.  These gypsy Spiritual Guardians will be known by strength of character – noble and brave in the face of their enemies…”
“That legend is the best one in the whole book.  Well, I might hold this particular opinion because it’s about a bunch of strong men in a book full of powerful women.  I’ll never admit that to Celeste though, not in this lifetime, at least.  I’ve condensed the story as I’m sure you gathered, but you get the gist.
“Tray, when you applied for the job I felt your spiritual power.  I knew you had the blood and spirit of a Spiritual Guardian.  Even Guardians have their doubts from time to time.  I’m sure Valin’Jaqua questioned whether he’d win that battle because the odds weren’t in his favor.  In the end, he was still standing because he didn’t give in – no matter how many guys he had to take on.
“Ya’ know, I’ve witnessed Celeste’s abilities only a handful of times.  Honestly, they scared the life outta me.  She hasn’t used many of them since we’ve been living among my people.  It’s not my most shining or admirable trait, but we live here mostly outta my fear for her safety and Boo’s.  Celeste’s people, well let’s just say they have a tendency to be self-centered.  They look out for their own family’s interests, without thinking of anybody else’s.  The Vaydem – we take care of our own, collectively.  I know that sounds strange, but that’s how we operate,” Rave stated honestly.
“But Ember and I aren’t Vaydem…”
“Don’t make my mistakes, son.  My wife has been hidden away on this hallowed Preserve for years because I was afraid of what might happen.  I’m not a Guardian at heart, but you are.  I’m a healer – a shaman – so a fierce heart is not a part of my emotional capabilities,” he admitted.
I was trying to process all his information, so I remained quiet for a few minutes and thought it through.
“Are you a religious person?” Rave asked me directly.
“Not religious – I’ve never been to church or anything.  I would call it ‘spiritual’ because I pray and believe the answers will come,” I answered.
“Then it sounds like you believe as I do, in the Creator and that he has a plan.  Trust in that, learn from your elders and allow your abilities to be used to realize those plans.  Never let your fear guide your decisions – trust in what you know to be right and the details will always work themselves out…”

Chapter Thirty Four

I turned the final screw and grabbed the light to turn it off.  I rolled out from underneath the Chevy I had been fixing and saw Celeste sitting on a stool near the workbench.  Rave was nowhere in sight and I figured Boo was inside the house with Ember.  I ignored Celeste as I stood up.
The car door creaked open.  I sat down in the driver’s seat and turned the engine on.  It purred to life.  No banging or sputtering – the car was running smoother today than it probably ever had.  I closed my eyes to appreciate my work and tried to avoid the impending conversation with Celeste.
“Rave told me that you fixed it and in record time,” Celeste praised me.
“She does seem to be purring – doesn’t she?” I replied as I wiped off the steering wheel.
Celeste watched me intently, although she didn’t respond to my question.  She made no move to leave the garage either.  I sensed that she had something to say and I wondered if she was trying to figure out where to start.
“I know I scared you by telling her that she would have died, but it was the truth.”
I started to say something, but she motioned for me to be silent.
“It’s important that we all be truthful with each other – completely candid.  My comment inside was intended to terrify her.  Before you start yelling or run away with your sister again, I would appreciate it if you would just listen to what I have to say…” she stated and seemed to read my mind.
As her words washed through me, I felt the anger rise like a monster.  I was righteously furious that she would intentionally terrify my little girl.  Ember had never purposefully hurt anyone, ever.  She somehow got Boo to speak and told us that he is spiritually gifted, communicates in his own way and loves them even if he doesn’t always show it.
One would think this woman could be grateful enough to find another way to tell Ember how dangerous her abilities might be.  She didn’t have to scare her to do it – there had to be another way…
I didn’t trust myself to speak to Celeste right then, because of the threatening shadows inside my soul.  So I picked up tools and slammed them around in frustration.
“Tray, I understand how mad you are at me.  However, I feel as though I have earned at least a few minutes of your time, if nothing else…” Celeste requested.
I slammed the toolbox shut and I leaned against the workbench, defiantly.  My arms were crossed to demonstrate my annoyance.  I had no intention of actually listening, but I had to at least pretend to pay attention.
“You have spent years, probably Ember’s entire life, watching over and protecting her.  My husband and I spoke at length about you the day we offered you the job because we sensed your ‘persuasion’ skill – which is technically named an Ay’sha ‘obliteration’ ability.  It doesn’t work on either of us as you discovered, but we could still feel it.  It’s as much a part of you as your eye color or the shape of your nose.
“Don’t worry though.  Most people have no ability to recognize it.  That’s the reason some gypsy males can pull off spectacular con jobs and never get caught.  I would have recognized your skill because I have a rare immunity to it.  That immunity is generally reserved for certain gypsy men because obliteration is exclusively a male ability, if given.
“Rave sensed your extraordinary and unique skill because his Vaydem bloodline gives him a birthright gift called The Seeing.  This special gift provides him insight into a person’s true nature or soul – whichever you prefer to think of it as…
“You have yet to realize your full potential and might have more than just your obliteration skill.  Ember has many abilities and gifts because she houses a spirit light.  As I have previously stated, each of those abilities has two sides – light and dark.
“I know you are wise beyond your years.  So I don’t need to tell you how dangerous these spiritual abilities can be in unskilled hands.  You witnessed the end result of her spirit rejoining her body.  You bandaged the wounds.
“All spiritual gifts can be manipulated by skilled hands, as well.  There are evil people in this world that would love nothing more than to use her abilities.  I feel that you can see the very real danger that poses.  Should Ember continue to demonstrate her spiritual powers without any instruction then, something catastrophic will occur – it’s unavoidable.  More importantly though, I want you to consider what might happen if something wicked sees a display of her tremendous powers.
“For some reason, you seem to believe that you can teach her about everything and watch her every move.  However, it would be remiss of me to not point out the glaring flaw in that particular brand of logic.  Life does not work that way although I sure wish it could.
“I have raised two daughters, so I know what you are going through.  You want to believe those things, but that is a luxury you just cannot afford.  At the risk of pointing out the obvious, in order to teach your daughter something you have to know what it is first.
“There are a few realizations you must come to terms with, right now.  She is a teenage girl, extraordinarily powerful and has a strong-willed mind of her own.  That last one’s not any big news – especially since you are the man that raised her.  However, her very evident inquisitive nature makes it imperative that she gets guided instruction.
“You realize from the minute our children take their first step that we basically start letting them go.  That was never a challenge for Rave.  For me though, it took every ounce of strength inside me to permit my children to leave my visual range.  And, that task will be exceedingly hard for you.  You are Ember’s Spiritual Guardian and her parent.  The many bonds you share with her will be life-long, and nothing will ever be able to change that.  I need the parental side of you to hear this next part loud and clear.
“You do not have the ability to watch her every movement.  It’s just not possible.  So that means she has to learn how to use her gifts, start paying attention to her surroundings and maintain awareness.  These things require guidance.  Some trial and error will obviously be necessary, but that must be accomplished in a controlled setting.
“I understand that most of your anger stems from the feeling of being powerless against this.  But I promise you that you are not helpless.  You have single handedly kept her gifts and powers in check.
“She is alive and still breathing.  That is no small feat to have accomplished, given her potential.  You understand now that she has been toying with her gifts and powers without any direction.  This needs to change, fast.  You would have eventually figured all these things out on your own.  We simply don’t have the time it takes for you to arrive at those conclusions.  For the sake of expedience, I just spelled it all out for you.
“We find ourselves at this crossroad and you have a decision to make.  You can take her away and she will follow you without hesitation.  The spirit bond you share is an unbreakable, permanent link to each other.
“You have the option to run away or you can allow me to do what I can to teach her.  However, I must warn you that I will continue to use whatever means are necessary in order to guide her to full understanding.
“My spiritual powers are limited and my knowledge is based solely on my family’s history.  The Book of Ay’sha Essence and stories that have been handed down to me by word of mouth are all I have to rely on.  I am very afraid that Ember’s gifts reach far beyond my knowledge though.  But, even my limited teachings are better than blind ignorance.  I hope you agree.
“I have witnessed only one other woman who possessed two Ay’sha, spiritual gifts…” Celeste’s eyes filled with tears and she looked up in an effort to keep them from spilling.  “I can’t go into the details.  It’s sufficient to say that this woman was a very close friend and her abilities took her from this world.  I will not be a party to that madness again.
“Ember has the potential to kill herself and kill others as well.  Right now, she is like an open book, waiting to be written.  Her memory lapses provide us with a warning.  I cannot begin to explain how tragic the consequences could be if her wandering mind takes control of even one of her abilities without her full awareness.
“Hopefully, you can understand the breadth and scope of everything I just stated.  I will use any and all means necessary to keep her focused so that she does not hurt herself or anyone else.  That will include scaring her if required,” Celeste vowed seriously.
The reality of our situation was finally getting through my stubborn head.  My anger had already subsided.  I felt cautiously hopeful about the future.
I haven’t been lectured by an adult in a very long time…
“Do we understand each other?” she finally asked as she walked toward the door.
“We understand each other, perfectly…”
“By the way, after you left, Ember had only one concern when I told her that she would have died if she had been caught in the support beams of the house.  She was scared that the house would have crushed you to death…”
I smiled and shook my head in wonder.  Leave it to my little girl to be worried about what would have happened to me instead of being concerned about her own welfare.  She’s something else…
“Ember told me that her soul would have died if you had been killed.  It wouldn’t have made any difference to her about what happened to her own physical body…” Celeste offered to me and then she paused for a few seconds before she finally stated, “I hope you realize, Tray that she would have been right…”

Chapter Thirty Five

By Sunday afternoon, I could partially control my spirit light – as long as I was inside and was only exposed to the wind for short bursts.  When it refused my commands, I would get highly frustrated.
“Noooo…” I yelled at myself as Tray slammed the window shut.
“Refocus and you can try it again,” Celeste instructed.
“You don’t seem to understand…I just can’t do this.  It refuses to obey me…” I whined.
“Yes, you can do this, but it takes practice.  So please, try again,” Celeste stated and turned the volume up on the music.
Sitting in the middle of the now empty den, I attempted to lift the light and control it.  All the furniture had been removed from the room for safety and Boo was playing at the creek.  Getting him to leave took some major persuasion.  I couldn’t practice with him anywhere around because I didn’t want to accidentally fry him.
The music helped call to my spirit light and it began to rise.  I gestured to Tray and he opened the window again.  The frigid air quickly surrounded me.  I absorbed its energy and the light sparkled as it danced with the air.
“Direct the wind to come to me…” Celeste said.
I focused on her aura and ordered the wind accordingly.  At first it acted like it was going to finally do what I asked of it.  Then, it suddenly changed directions and surrounded me.  It was acting like an obstinate child.  My spirit light and the wind responded to my growing aggravation and spun around with greater force.
This same thing had happened all day.  The only time I had control is when they surrounded me.  In order to start learning to channel, I have to be able to direct my spirit light.  Using the wind is a logical choice because it helps me to control it at the creek…
Then, I had a brilliant idea.
Reversing the direction of the wind, I tested my theory.  The air immediately did as I instructed and spun around me clockwise.  Next, I commanded the light to form above my head.  It also followed my command and formed a brilliant arc.  After drawing the wind inside the arc, I looked up and stated, “Wind, go to Tray…”
The light radiated from the top of the arc and allowed the wind to escape.  It surrounded my brother and it looked so funny.  It was like a miniature cyclone had hit him and I began to laugh.  The wind responded to my emotion and started spinning faster.
Tray’s hair was being tousled and his shirt flew up across his face.  He uselessly struggled against the windstorm as he tried to tame his shirt.  Then, he shoved the window closed.  His windblown hair was certainly a sight.
Everyone – well, except my brother – was laughing, uncontrollably.
“I asked the wind to take a message to Tray when you fainted at the creek.  I guessed that it might be more willing to go to him…” I explained to everyone.
“You must have guessed right,” Rave stated and tried to stifle his laughter.
“I’ll say,” Celeste agreed.
I tried to get control of myself, but holding laughter inside is really difficult.  It looked like I had the hiccups or a mild seizure disorder.
“Very, very funny, Ember…” Tray stated playfully and then he laughed along with us.

Chapter Thirty Six

I almost convinced myself to skip school on Monday because I was so incredibly nervous.  My internal fire would have no part of that idea.  It blazed hotter than the center of the sun when I just thought about not going.  It was inexplicable, but I had to go, regardless of my fear or risk of being burnt to a crisp.
Maybe my internal incinerator is some type of cosmic punishment for dressing in that very provocative outfit…like an over-the-top reminder about the fires of Hades and the price to pay for being easy.
After a few minutes of consideration, I dismissed the idea completely.  The Creator certainly knows that I am far from being easy.  So no punitive reminder would be required.  I would never choose to dress in revealing clothes because I am extremely modest.
I couldn’t even tolerate the thought of any boy looking at me like that – much less a bunch of them.  I’m a very private person so I don’t want guys scoping out my curves.
My spirit light can do some serious damage.  I still don’t have control over it.  And I tend to react emotionally if I feel like my space is being invaded.  If boys were checking me out, I knew I would become anxious.  Being on edge in relation to my newly discovered ability could lead to disaster.
Also, Tray can be dangerous when it comes to protecting me from the male population.  That means a skimpy outfit on my body is like a weapon of mass destruction.  I started laughing when I thought about the fact that I would become known as curvy-loaded-Ember and not in a drunk and disorderly kind of way either.
Krista and I spoke on the phone every day while I had been out sick.  She hadn’t mentioned anything about a bizarre incident at school or any weird gossip going around.  I still couldn’t seem to shake the idea that someone might have seen me half-naked and glowing though.  Maybe some unknown person was just waiting to talk to me about it without mentioning it to anyone else.
That didn’t seem likely because teenagers aren’t exactly known for keeping secrets.  Then again, most girls don’t have a giant for a brother either.  After all, the dark clique guys were too scared to welcome me because they were afraid of Tray.
So although it was unlikely, one of them might corner me tomorrow and inform me of what they saw.  My thoughts raced around in useless, paranoid circles as Tray drove us home from the Jansens’ on Sunday evening.
In an effort to somehow occupy my mind, I asked Krista to come over and spend the night.  I took a shower while I waited on her to arrive so I wouldn’t drive myself crazy with worry.  I figured Krista would talk non-stop about her new love interest until we fell asleep.  I need that type of distraction.
My best friend rushed into our house, gave me a hug and then she would terrify me.  She stated the fated words I had been dreading.
“Oh my gosh, did you hear what happened at school?” she asked me and my head started to spin.
I braced myself for the worst, but at least I was getting some warning.
“The janitor discovered the boy’s locker room was vandalized.  Greg told me that it looked like a bunch of guys used a sledgehammer and had some type of contest or something.  He believes they were trying to tunnel into the girl’s locker room.  Of all the stupid things to do though, that was totally ridiculous.  It’s not like we won’t notice a huge hole in the wall before we get undressed…”
Krista spent another minute or so detailing how silly that stunt was.  I managed to somehow stifle the need to sigh in relief.  We both agreed the ‘dark hearts’ were the most likely culprits, because property destruction would be right up their alley.
After we solved the not so mysterious, attempted peeking incident, Krista changed the topic to Greg.  She recounted every last detail about their budding romance.  They “sort of went out on something like a date.”  They each paid for their own stuff so she wasn’t sure exactly how to label it.  Greg has his driver’s license and an old, beat up car that’s really cute on the inside but makes some funny sounds whenever he pushes the gas pedal and the brake – her description.  She even stated, “…it only kind of broke down once, but then it finally started again after he wiggled the key the right way.”
Tray looked apprehensive the entire time Krista was talking.  I’m sure he didn’t like the idea of my fifteen-year-old friend dating a boy that had his driver’s license.  I suppose he felt like his brotherly duties extended to her as well since she didn’t have a brother of her own to worry about her.
It was either that or he might have been concerned that I would think it was okay for me to do what she does.  Whichever the case might be, Tray clearly didn’t approve of their dating situation.
Later that night I would catch him alone and ask him about it.  Tray said he was concerned about her dating a guy who could drive because she is way too young for that.
“It sounds like this, Little Driving Boy, is chauffeuring her around in an unsafe car…” my brother stated.
“I’ll invite Greg and Krista over to hang out with us.  That way you can take a look at the ‘cute, beat up car’ for yourself,” I replied softly.
“Okay, I’ll borrow some tools from work because I can already tell you that I’m gonna need them.  Oh, by the way, don’t go getting any ideas from Krista.  You are too young to go out with anyone – period…”
After I smiled and nodded in agreement, he dropped the subject.  Well, I did hear him make one last comment under his breath.  He declared that I’m not going to date any boy until age 90 if he has anything to do with it.
Can anyone say “…crazy cat lady Ember”?
Krista squealed happily when I extended the invitation to her.  I had no idea why she was so excited about it.  She is over here almost every night.
“Sure!  We’d love to…” Krista accepted without calling Greg to see if he was a willing participant to this plan.
“It’s not that special, for heaven sakes.  We’re not gonna be doing anything fantastic.  We’ll just hang out and eat junk food.  Oh, and Tray wants to take a look under the hood of his cute car too.  Maybe Greg could bring over a gaming system of some kind and we could all play.  That should be worth a few hundred laughs because I’ve never played a video game in my life…”
“You obviously don’t get it, but your invitation is that special.  We can’t go over to his house and hang out because his little brother is a supreme pain.  We can’t go to mine either because you know my grandmother.  I’ll die of embarrassment if she says something out of the way to Greg.  She’s never had a problem voicing her every opinion, as you well know.
“So hanging out here would be heaven compared to either of our houses.  And besides I’d love for him to feel more like a part of the crowd instead of the eternal outsider…” Krista explained.
“Why does he still feel like an outsider?” I interrupted and asked her.
Krista has a large circle of friends and I can’t imagine why Greg feels like a stranger among them.  I felt like part of their group after the first lunch I had spent with them, and that’s really saying something.
“Well, for some unknown reason, our buddies have gone off the social deep end on me.  The guys’ act like Greg’s trying to score and interrupt their dating action.  I can’t understand what on earth has suddenly possessed them.  I’ve never expressed the slightest bit of interest in dating any of them.  Our girlfriends talk incessantly about your brother still – although that’s kind of understandable given our Ember-intrigue.  But their constant Tray-loves-Krista-secret-relationship-gossip-fest is making Greg more than a little uncomfortable.  He’s MET your gargantuan brother so I can’t blame him.
“Our friends are all being so horrible to Greg that I’m almost ready to commit lunch table mutiny and go to the dark side if you know what I mean.  I want him to get to know you and Tray.  You, because you’re my best friend and definitely not a snobby loco chick…”
“There’s a real vote of confidence – my best friend thinks I’m not a snobby loco chick…” I interrupted her again because that was hilarious.
I laughed so hard I started crying.  She watched me in wonder, smiling slightly.  I tried to get a hold of myself because I could see she was upset by how our friends were acting.  I kind of figured she was just being overly sensitive because new romance has a tendency to do that.  Well, I made an educated guess that it did at least, because I didn’t have any practical experience to go by.
“You know what I’m saying Ember…I want Greg to see that Tray and I aren’t an item.  The girls’ endless secret romance gossip fest used to be funny when it was just you and I enjoying the latest, unfolding drama.  Their speculations have become very, very unfunny since I wanna date Greg.  So I’ve learned my lesson.  From now on, I’ll correct any misinformation even if I have to beat the truth into them,” Krista pledged and placed her hand over her heart for effect.
“Sadly, it might take a beating at this point to get them to stop their speculations,” I admitted truthfully and watched Krista’s facial expression cloud over in disappointment.
Our girlfriends were all about the gossip – both real and fictitious.  What Krista and I had originally thought of as nothing more than a harmless inside-joke was quickly turning into real trouble for my best friend.  Tray is a handsome guy, in general, but his mere size is intimidating to us lesser earthly creatures – and compared to him, we are all lesser creatures.
Greg is good looking too, but he had met Tray on his first day here.  It seems that guys have this rivalry thing that I know very little about and that was a big problem.  And to add yet, one more complication to the mix, Tray can’t straighten this mess out for us.  First, he didn’t know that all my girlfriends thought he and Krista had a “thing” going.  I didn’t know how he would react if he found out about their fictitious romance either.  Secondly, I had given him ample reason to be frustrated lately.  I didn’t want to add another stressful event to his already drama filled life.
“What are we gonna do?” Krista asked me when she realized my assessment was correct.
My best friend looked at me intently, fully expecting an answer.
“They’ll probably stop as soon as they figure out that Greg’s here to stay and that you two are a couple,” I replied hopefully.
“You’ll see what I’m talking about tomorrow.  They’re all getting on my nerves.  I’m not over exaggerating the situation either.  It’s a different lunch table now,” Krista offered and shrugged her shoulders.
We spent the rest of the night talking about Greg and everything related to him.  It was 2:45 before we turned the light off.  She went to sleep almost immediately.
I was still awake an hour later as I obsessed about school the next day.  Between facing my possible ‘fall out’ situation and worrying about how to get our friends to stop the Tray-Krista gossip fest, I decided that sleep wasn’t going to happen.  So I watched the sun come up and felt my insides start to shake.
What would today bring?

Chapter Thirty Seven

Tray looked more nervous than I felt.  He spun the keys around on his index finger while he waited impatiently for us to get ready to leave the house.  I knew he was having an internal meltdown, because I was having one of my own.  We couldn’t discuss our impending doom though, since my best friend was standing in the living room with us.
Krista had repacked the outfit of my possible annihilation and said I could borrow it anytime.  My brother shot me a look that spoke volumes.  I wouldn’t be wearing anything like that as long as he was breathing.
My best friend didn’t ask for any explanation about why I had taken her stuff out of her locker.  She was cool about things like that.  Now, if only I could be cool and nonchalant too – no risk of that happening though.
My chosen outfit of the day was like clothing body armor.  I had on leggings, blue-jean overalls, two tank tops, a thermal shirt, a long sleeved t-shirt and a hooded sweatshirt over it.  Then, I added my thick winter jacket.  I could barely buckle my seat belt.
It appeared as though I had gained forty pounds in the past five days, but I didn’t care.  I planned to wear everything I had on, all day long, no matter how scorching hot I felt.  My internal fire protested this decision.
Nervous and jumpy, I tripped over the sidewalk at school.  My heart pounded and was lodged squarely in my throat.  Tray tapped his pocket to remind me that he had his cell phone if I needed to reach him.  We exchanged a knowing glance.  I didn’t want him to leave me anymore than he wanted to go but what choice did we have?  The warning bell sounded, so we headed in opposite directions.
I looked over my shoulder and was startled by anyone who came anywhere near me.  In order to avoid the dark hearts, I walked outside between classes instead of down the hallway.  Sneaking around and paranoid, I managed to stumble across a group of kids secretly exchanging smokes.  I apologized to them and they responded with nasty, suspicious looks.  They returned to their delinquent activities without giving me another thought because time was limited.
My morning classes went by without a hitch.  The nurse had called me to her office right before my lunch period began.  I sent Tray a text message to let him know where I was going.  I had no idea how long she would keep me tied up.
I told her that my ears were feeling much better.  She gave me the “you’re the incredible lying girl” look, but I couldn’t bring myself to even stretch the truth anymore.  Although the ringing had ceased, my mind could easily recall every last whining detail.  I wasn’t about to chance a repeat performance in cosmic-payment for a lie.
After leaving her office, I walked at a snail’s pace toward the lunchroom and tried to gather my courage.  My follow up appointment had taken up a few minutes of my lunch period.  Everyone was already inside eating by the time I walked in.
The dark clique swarmed around the two first tables and none of them even looked in my direction.  My inner fire settled into a low burn, so I took that as a good sign.  I continued the thousand mile journey to my usual spot and tentatively glanced back in their direction again – still nothing.
Tray was sitting in my seat and stood up right when I arrived.  We had created a non-verbal communication system this weekend so we could ‘speak’ today without using any words.  He walked around my chair and then he squeezed both of my shoulders, twice.  One squeeze meant he heard something bad and we are leaving.  Two meant that everything was fine on his end and he didn’t have to use his obliteration on anyone either.
I squeezed both of his hands twice in response.  That told him that no one had said anything to me out of the way and everything was perfectly fine on my end too.  Feeling comfortable, we both relaxed.  We had made it through the morning without any challenges.
Tray needed to leave for class.  He said goodbye to everyone before he walked away.  The girls at the table all replied “See ya’ soon, Tray…” in sappy unison, but he had already walked away.  I rolled my eyes and Krista did the same.
I mouthed the words ‘where is Greg?’ because he wasn’t sitting with her.  She pointed towards the lunch line.  I instantly turned to investigate the dark clique.  They are all huddled and engrossed in a conversation of some sort.  Their whispered meeting made me nervous.  I could easily recall Ember-volcano-day courtesy of the spaghetti prank.  Then my heart started pounding in terror – Greg has to walk right by their table.
Cat Girl smiled and whispered something to the guy sitting next to her.  Although they didn’t appear to be engaged in a sinister plot, I stink at reading people.  I prepared to do something to intervene.  I refuse to let the dark clique pull some cafeteria stunt on Greg.  Before I could react though, I finally saw Krista’s boyfriend.  He had already consumed the lone carton of milk he just purchased because he paid for it and then threw it away.
His hands were empty when he headed toward our table.  I didn’t relax for a second though because the dark hearts obviously don’t need a plate of food to pull a prank.  I cautiously watched as Greg walked through dark clique territory.  They didn’t pay him the slightest bit of attention.  I sighed in relief as he went around to the other side of the table to sit by my best friend.
“Ember, this is Greg La Cour and Greg this is Tray’s sister and my best friend, Ember,” Krista introduced us after he sat down.
“It’s nice to finally meet you.  I feel like I’ve known you all…” I stated, but then I was interrupted.
The girls at our table rudely started talking in voices loud enough to startle the kids nearby.
“It’s really nice…” he tried to reply and they did it again – only louder this time.
I stared at our girl friends in wide-eyed, disbelief.  They pretended not to notice my surprise or the fact that Greg was there or speaking.  Turning to me, they asked me some silly question about Tray.
This whole scene was unbelievable.  They actually thought I would willingly be a part of their rude insanity.  That assumption was wrong.
Our male friends were sitting at the far end of the table.  I waited for them to stick up for him and tell the girls they were being obnoxious.  Tray would have said something humorous if he witnessed their outlandish and impolite behavior.  He definitely would have taken up for Greg and made them feel bad for being rude divas.
I had come to expect more from guys because of Tray, but they would disappoint me.  They started their own loud, offensive chat session and even tried to include me in it.  My temper flared red-hot.
What are they trying to accomplish by this nonsense??  Maybe, it’s a joke at Greg’s expense.  Or, do they want to freeze him out?
Well, I had been in Greg’s position a few short weeks ago.  So their obnoxious behavior and social-freeze-out routine felt like a slap in my face, somehow.
My suspicious side decided the only reason the girls accepted me was because I have a super-hot brother.  The guys had accepted me because Krista expected them to.  That means they’re only pretending to like me.
Normally, none of this would have registered on my radar.  Or even if it had registered, I wouldn’t have really cared.  The last few days have left me fully aware of my surroundings, and who resides in my world.  My eyes have been opened.
These kids are like alien creatures.  I might have ignored their silly behaviors over the course of our friendship because of my inattention – but times have suddenly changed.  I felt violated and ultimately betrayed.  I had never experienced those things in my whole life, ever.  I was righteously angry.
Krista wasn’t over exaggerating…
Celeste had warned me that I shouldn’t bottle up extreme emotions.  They need to be released.  I had no idea, when I gave her my promise to vent them, that they would pick today – of all days – to spew out like word vomit.  Tray wasn’t even here to help me either.  I’m learning though that sometimes life just happens, whether we want it to or not.
I picked up the closest item within my reach.  It turned out to be Ally’s half eaten lunch plate.  Then, I slammed it down onto the table with a loud clang.  Food sprayed everywhere.  Ally landed in Jessica’s lap to get out of the way.  The lunchroom instantly fell silent.  Everyone looked at me and I felt the weight of their shocked stares.
“What, exactly, is everyone’s freakin’ problem around this table??” I shouted insanely, but no one answered me.
They were all struck silent by my surprising lunch plate-slamming act.  My voice echoed like thunder.  Now my so-called ‘friends’ were the ones, staring wide-eyed and speechless like I had been a minute ago.  I certainly wasn’t going to pretend to ignore them though – not even close.
“I KNOW you did NOT just rudely interrupt Greg while he was trying to speak to me.  I find it friggin’ remarkable that every last one of you failed to see him sitting right there in plain view.  So let me assist you – rude and obnoxious people sitting at my table who are my so-called friends– meet Greg – a living breathing human being who happens to be right in front of you…
“Now that I have your undivided attention let me share a little piece of info that I acquired last week.  It is thought that we are a table made up of losers and freaks.  The source of this information mattered so little to me, that I dismissed her completely.  Only low class, pathetic people tear down others to build up their own egos.  It pains me to realize that someone so worthless might have been onto something though.  It appears that you are all bent on trying to prove her right!” I exclaimed hotly.
I felt more powerful and courageous than I ever had in my life.  My spirit light swirled happily, but stayed locked inside my body.  My internal fire seemed to dance around in amusement.
Krista was beaming and Greg was looking at the floor wishing for it to open and swallow him alive, I’m sure.  Everyone else sat in stunned silence in the wake of my newfound audacity.  Then, I turned around to face the dark clique tables.  Their piercing eyes stared back at me in surprise.  Cat Girl shot me a look filled with daggers.  I smiled and winked at her in response.
I had yanked off my winter jacket during my speech.  I swiftly, removed my sweatshirt and pulled my hair down from its holder.  Everyone could finally see me.  I had nothing at all to hide from them or anyone.  I grabbed my backpack and headed directly across the lunchroom.  It was so quiet that a dropped pin would have echoed.
I waited until I was standing beside the dark clique tables before I said my final peace.  I wanted to make sure they could all hear me, plainly before I announced…
“This loser is outta here…”

Chapter Thirty Eight

The school was buzzing about my temperamental speech.  It seems that no one has ever stood up for the underdog before today.  I found that fact notably disheartening.  I thought Tray would be furious with me for pulling that stunt.  He had somehow already heard about it and found me hiding out in the library.  I followed him outside with my head in the appropriate, downward position.
“Hey bruiser…” Tray said in a comical tone.
“Did you just call me bruiser or did my mind just play a trick on me...” I replied.
He smiled at me with his sideways smile that I love so much and didn’t seem to be upset that I had a meltdown a few minutes ago.
“I’m staying outta your way.  I hear you almost put the Ember-smack-down on your lunchroom buddies.”
“I can’t believe you already heard about it.  Well, I might be little, but I’m quite feisty.  Wait, lemme clarify that, I’m little, feisty and I carry around a big, intimidating brother so people tend to listen when I speak,” I informed him and tried uselessly to keep a straight face.
“All kidding aside Little Girl – are you okay?”
He didn’t expand any further on his thought – he didn’t have to.
“I’m great – Ally’s lunch didn’t fare so well though.  I guess we need to pay her back or buy her lunch to make up for it.  Her plate was the closest thing I could find to demonstrate my point,” I revealed to him humorously as I walked with him to our car.
“I’d feel better if you’d just leave with me today…”
“I’ll be fine.  Besides when you pull the whole “lamb into a lion thingie” you have to stick around.  Otherwise, the jackals will feed on your weak and rotting carcass the next day,” I interrupted him.
“Jackals don’t live in the mountains…” Tray told me in a joking manner, but his brow was creased with concern.
“Really, Tray, I’m fine – what can possibly happen?  They outlawed the high school death squads’ years ago…”
“I’m leaving you here against my better judgment.  So the slightest hint of the tiniest amount of trouble…”
“I’ll head for the nearest fire escape, call you immediately and beg you to come a runnin’.  Now go to work – you’re almost late,” I reminded him.
I completed the day without much fanfare, although all eyes were on me with every class change.  At least they waited until after I had walked by them before they whispered and pointed.
Krista was so grateful that she had to brush tears from her eyes.  She told me that everyone at the table apologized to Greg for being total jerks.
Although I was happy to hear that my rant was successful, I would still be wary of our lunchroom friends for some time to come.  Their attempts to exclude Greg from our circle felt dangerously close to disloyalty.  I have never felt betrayal.  So even if this turns out to be their big idea of joke, it still feels horrible just the same.
The social-freeze-out incident did teach me a very valuable lesson.  Even people you consider friends will usually disappoint your expectations at some place and time.
So I need to get prepared for the pain…

Chapter Thirty Nine

How the two guys sitting in front of me had managed to discover the information about Ember’s outburst was beyond my understanding.  Our class was already in session when it occurred.  They had somehow gotten the word about the scene though, the minute it happened.  I think they wanted me to overhear what they were discussing.  They were probably too afraid to turn around and say something to me like, “…hey Tray, your sister just went ballistic in the lunchroom with half the school watching!”
I immediately rushed out of the classroom without saying anything to anyone and ran back to the cafeteria.  When I arrived, Krista, Greg and two of Ember’s other friends were the only ones left sitting around the table.  My sister was nowhere in sight though.  Panic flooded through me and the shadows gathered in response.
Walking up to the table, I channeled an obliteration so everyone would ignore me other than Krista.  It felt like I had just been assaulted with a hammer to the head when I did it, but I was in a hurry.  They continued to talk to Greg as Krista turned to me.
“What just happened with Ember?” I leaned down and whispered the question in Krista’s ear.
“She got majorly ticked off because our friends were rude, obnoxious morons.  She turned all kinda crazy, audacious on them and started screaming at the top of her lungs,” Krista whispered in reply.
“Did anything unusual happen beyond her just yelling?”
“Don’t you think that’s unusual enough – especially for her??  She’s the quiet one between the two of you or have you forgotten?”
“Well, I’ve seen her temper before so it’s not that farfetched.  But normally you’re right – she’s all smiles and whispers at school.  What’d they do to her?” I asked tentatively.
If they had done something to make her angry enough to create a scene then it might not be safe for me to hear the answer.  I held my breath as I gripped the metal chair that used to hold my sister and prepared for the worst.  I channeled another obliteration because I needed the facts without any dramatic extras.
“Our girlfriends all think that you and I have a little something-something going on because I stay overnight at your house so much.  Ember and I didn’t correct their misconceptions because we thought it was sort of funny – like our personal insider, Ember-intrigue.  Now that I like Greg though, they’ve been acting like a bunch of jerks.  Our guy friends have followed their diva-like example although I don’t know why exactly.
“I tried to warn Ember last night about how they’ve been acting.  They’ve been really terrible to Greg.  I guess I didn’t do such a great job at preparing her.  She introduced herself to him and he tried to respond, but our other friends interrupted them.  They’ve been acting like Greg’s invisible since he arrived.  It’s been getting on my nerves.  I guess they thought Ember would just go along with them, but they were wrong.  She’d never give my boyfriend the cold shoulder.
“She got massively ticked off when they treated Greg like he didn’t exist.  She got so mad at them that she picked up Ally’s lunch tray and slammed it on the table…” she informed me as she pointed to the food still splattered on the wall.
After reciting what Ember had said, word-for-word, I released my grip on the chair.  I was satisfied that no one had harmed her and I was relieved.
I’m starting to rethink this whole “Ember needs girl friends” thing…
I knew where to find her, at least.  I needed to make sure she was okay and would try to convince her to leave with me when I go to work.  I resolved to tell her lunchroom gal pals tomorrow that I am happily involved with a sweet honey of a college girl.  Hopefully, that will permanently silence their wagging tongues.
Poor Ember, it was baptism by fire for her and this being a part of a female friend circle was way out of my comfort zone.  My sister must have realized there would be no assist with this situation coming from me.
I wouldn’t have the first clue where to begin to help her with this particular situation…
She assured me that everything was fine, but she refused to leave.  The warning bell was getting ready to ring for her history class.  She waved and watched me drive away.
Ember had looked happy enough, but my instincts wouldn’t allow me to go very far.  I called Rave and explained that I needed to come in late.  He said fine and he would see us both after school.
Then I drove back into the school’s parking lot and used my skill again.  I wanted to follow Ember all afternoon so I could keep a close eye on her.
She didn’t even realize I was there…

Chapter Forty

When I arrived at school the next day there was a strange feeling in the air.  Well, it could have just been my perception since I didn’t have on five layers of clothing like usual.  I still wore a thermal shirt and a long-sleeved T-shirt, but I intentionally left my hooded sweatshirt at home.  I wanted to make sure the dark clique could see me.  Plus, without my CD player I no longer had ear buds to hide anymore.
I had been worried that everyone in school would think that I was some kind of psycho chick after my flip-out yesterday.  My useless worrying streak would continue unbroken.
Talk about coming out of my shell via a nuclear blast!  Students I have never met before spoke to me like they had known me forever.  It felt like everyone on campus suddenly knew me by name.  By lunch time I had said “hey” or “hi” a thousand times.  They might know my name now, but it would take the rest of my life to learn all of theirs.
Our normally quiet lunch room corner was crowded with a zillion people.  The dark clique remained at their tables.  The middle tables had been abandoned.  The high school was divided.  The dark clique kids are sitting on one side and everyone else is sitting on my side.
What on earth did I get started???
My only goal was to make a rather loud point to my so-called friends and get them to rethink their obnoxious idiocy.  Obviously, it had been a ridiculous assumption on my part to believe that everyone would just go back to business as usual today.  I decided to run away and hide in my air vent for the next few weeks, but before I could leave, the crowd noticed my entrance.
Everyone rushed toward me and I was surrounded.  They were all talking at the same time.  I guess they had already forgotten what my meltdown had been about.  No one gave me a chance to say anything.
I heard someone request to interview me for an article in the school’s newspaper, someone else asked me to sit with them in Algebra and someone else asked if I would be interested in joining the pep squad.  The rest of their voices were incoherent.  I was less than ten feet from Krista, but the ocean of people prevented me from taking another small step.  I was overwhelmed.
“Wait!  Everyone stop!” I exclaimed at the top of my voice when I felt the touch of someone’s hand against my back.
My internal fire reacted as I panicked.  I felt another scene coming on fast.  If everyone starts feeling me up, I will come unhinged.  The door to the outside briefly opened and allowed the winter wind to brush by me.  I struggled to contain my spirit light that surged violently.  I somehow contained it, but I had to prevent anyone else from touching me.
“I can’t hear anyone if everyone talks at the same time and please stop putting your hands on me,” I shouted firmly.
The crowd hushed immediately.  It was evident that they weren’t planning on saying another word until I said it was okay.  I stood like a moron.  I never gave any consideration to the idea that they would actually listen to me.  I had no idea what to do or say.
I somehow went from being invisible, to the most popular girl on campus, faster than the speed of light…not good…
I had very little experience dealing with people because Tray typically handles all Pateman social interactions.  I had no experience dealing with a crowd of people.  Avoiding all form of public speaking, I usually opted to move out of town.  The countless sets of eyes were staring at me like I had the power to grant their wishes.  I would’ve given anything to make a quick departure (heaven or swallowed by the earth).  I was willing to go either way, as long as I was out of this crazy position.
The silence grew into a pink elephant type situation.  The elephant is certainly here, but we are all trying hard to ignore it.  My spirit light can’t take much more.  It’s going to explode from my body.  I braced myself and then…
“Hey, everyone chill out.  Sit back down and go about your business – Ember wasn’t in the lunchroom today,” Tray’s voice was smooth as silk.
His obliteration even lulled my mind although it’s never worked on me before.  I was so relaxed that I couldn’t seem to freak out about the fact that his obliteration had channeled to me as well.
The crowd dispersed and began to talk among themselves.  It was as if I was no longer in the room.
“Comon’ kiddo – you’ve paid your dues for today – don’t you agree?” he whispered as he led me outside.
The frigid air broke the last remnant of his obliteration.  Relief and then fear consumed me as I realized that Tray had just saved me.  But his nose was bleeding as a result.
“Oh my…” was all I managed to say before he covered my mouth and pointed me toward the parking lot.
“I’m fine – just get to the car,” he whispered urgently in my ear.
By the time we sat down in the station wagon the small trickle had turned into a flowing fountain.  I found the emergency kit and held it open for him.  Tray retrieved what he needed.  Then, he relaxed against his seat and leaned his head back on the headrest.
“Holy Creator, I didn’t know you could do that.  That was crazy!” I exclaimed with genuine surprise.
“I didn’t know I could do that either…” Tray revealed and closed his eyes.
I sat there for as long as I could without making a sound.  That only amounted to the equivalent of sixteen nanoseconds before I transformed into a mini-inquisitor…Tray-style…
“What happened in there?  What did I do – that crowd and all those questions – where did they come from?  Why did everyone suddenly want to feel me up like I’m some kind of cantaloupe??” I rapidly asked and continued for an unknown amount of time.
“Gimme a second, Ember…” he finally managed to choke out his request.
Tray’s voice sounded strangled as the blood trickled down the back of his throat.
“Oh my heavens I’m so sorry,” I told him and he patted my arm to let me know he forgave me.
I was scared beyond belief, but I forced myself to stay quiet.  It wouldn’t help him if I turned back into rambling-psychotic-Ember.
A few minutes later the bleeding was kind of under control.  Tray swallowed two pain pills dry.  He intensely massaged his forehead and temples.  Angry red streaks were left behind.  I pulled an ice pack out of the emergency kit, popped the inner bubble of chemicals and it immediately started to feel cold.  I handed it to my brother and he promptly stuck it to his forehead.  He had bloody tears leaking from the corners of his eyes.
“Maybe you should go see the school nurse…” I suggested, worriedly.
“Nah, it’ll stop hurting in a few minutes.  Besides, nose bleeds and headaches are red flags for ambulances and hospitals.  I’m not about to leave you here alone in that massive chaos…” Tray responded and tried to sound casual.
“Lemme just call an ambulance!  Then, I’ll ride with you…”
“It’s already starting to ease off…”
His eyes were glassy and red rimmed.  He was as pale as a ghost and he looked deathly ill.  My brother desperately needs to go to a hospital.  But he won’t listen to me.  I had never been so terrified in my entire life.
“I don’t think I can drive like this, but we gotta get away from this school…” Tray told me with a shaky voice that frightened me further.
I prepared to shove him out of the way and drive him to the Emergency Room.  Fumbling around in his pocket, he pulled out his cell phone before I could do anything.  He called Rave and asked him to come pick us up without offering him any real details.  After Rave agreed, Tray slid into the back seat.
“I’m going to rest back here so I can lie flat on my back.  You will not attempt to drive this vehicle anywhere – not a single millimeter!  Do not leave our car for any reason until my boss gets here…” Tray stated firmly.
“I won’t drive and I promise to stay in here – I’ll wake you when he pulls in,” I vowed.
It seemed like Rave broke some land speed record to get to us.  I woke Tray up gently and he had deep, black circles around his eyes.  His skin had turned an ashen color as we climbed into Rave’s truck.
“You should have told me how bad it was Tray.  I could’ve brought Celeste to drive.  That way, I could’ve worked on you…” he stated with urgency.
Tray only grunted in response and handed me the ice pack he had on his forehead.  It was burning hot.
“Hang on!” Rave ordered and then he floored the accelerator.

Chapter Forty One

Celeste told me to entertain Boo-bear to get me out of the way.  I was frightened beyond belief.  It looked like the grim reaper had my brother firmly in his clutches.  I paced around nervously and chewed on my fingers.  Rave practically carried Tray into the house and took him into a bedroom.
The smell of incenses and the hauntingly beautiful music playing should have calmed me down, but it didn’t.  I had never seen Tray get so sick, ever.  I thought about what I would do if something happened to him and started to shiver.  My inner fire responded to my fear by torching my insides.
I tried to play with my Boo-bear, but I couldn’t focus.  My spirit light was buried deep inside me and it refused to illuminate.  Any other time I would have been frustrated by its hiding, but today the only thing I cared about was Tray.  My brother had explained to me that he could only use his obliteration ability on a couple of people at a time.
Why on earth did he use it on so many people crowded together?  I would’ve figured something out…
“I’ve taken care of everything.  Tray’s fine now, just resting…” Rave declared as he walked out of the bedroom.
 He removed the jeweled bandana from his head.  His lavish silk outfit reminds me of robes the Pope might wear.
I know Rave is a powerful shaman, but I need to see Tray for myself.  That’s the only way I will believe that he’s okay.  He must have somehow understood because he smiled and motioned that it was okay for me to go check on my brother.  I hugged him before I rushed into the bedroom.
There was a miniature fountain beside the bed, flowing with deep blue water.  It was flowing over glowing rocks of some type.  The room was filled with flaming candles.  I feel celestial spirits everywhere…
My eyes adjusted to the light and I could easily see Tray.  He looked normal – just asleep.  I watched him breathe – deep, even and full.  I thought my heart would burst from happiness.  My spirit light illuminated from my overwhelming emotion.  It was so radiant that I had to shield my eyes for a second.  The candle flames suddenly turned into blazing torches.  It looked like someone had thrown gasoline on them.
I drew from the flames and called their fiery force into me.  For some inexplicable reason, the burning, empty hole inside of my soul was briefly turned into a frozen ball of ice.  I inhaled deeply and the spirit-filled air consumed my body.
Voices…wisdom…the spirits spoke…
I understood the words they whispered…
My spirit light absorbed the fire’s energy and spun into a gleaming vortex.  I felt the power of their union.  I watched in awe, as their combined energy seemed to turn into a blanket.  It floated over to Tray and covered him completely.  He glowed as the energy blanket was absorbed inside him.  Then the candle flames receded as my spirit light faded away.
“You just called on the essence of fire.  The flames responded to your plea,” Celeste told me in a whisper.
“That was an amazing thing to witness…” Rave stated.
They both continued to talk softly as I curled up beside Tray on the bed.  I rested my head on his chest so I could feel him breathe.  I heard them whisper my name.
Rave and Celeste might have told me how to achieve world peace.  Or they might have said they were pod people from another galaxy.  Everything they said fell on deaf ears though, because the only thing I wanted to listen to was Tray’s beating heart.

Chapter Forty Two

Between the layers of covers and Ember’s body heat, I woke up pouring sweat and disoriented.  Then awareness flooded through my foggy mental picture.  I braced myself to be overwhelmed by the blinding, crushing pain, but nothing happened.  I sighed in relief when I realized that Rave must have fixed me.  Amazing…
“Ya’ know, Ember that can’t be a very comfortable position for you to…”
That was the only thing I managed to say before she reached up and smothered me with a hug so strong it knocked the air out of my lungs.  I desperately need her to release me because oxygen is a necessary thing.  I was also being internally fried and needed to cool down in a very bad way.  I had obviously terrified her.  So I would allow her to hold me in that awkward, uncomfortable position until she decides it’s okay to let me go.
I felt her quiet sobs against my neck and managed to shift my arms enough to hug her back.  My eyes adjusted to the dim lighting and I saw Rave and Celeste standing near the foot of the bed.  They were watching the scene unfold, helpless to stop it.  I had really frightened Ember and this result was inevitable.
Then I noticed that my sister’s skin radiated a crazy unearthly heat, like she was consumed by a high fever.  It was my turn to be terrified.  My eyes widened in sudden fear.  Celeste silently mouthed the words “…she’s fine”.  I didn’t know how that was possible.  I have felt fires that are cooler than her skin.  Rave smiled and nodded in agreement.  So I relaxed again and waited for Ember’s emotional tide to cease.
“You are never allowed to do that to me, ever again!” she exclaimed.
“No promises, but I’ll do my best,” I replied.
Ember and I both thanked Rave repeatedly for everything he did to help us.  He said, “Think nothing of it…” while he gave me a very knowing look.  He and I both understood clearly what would’ve happened without his intervention.  I knew he would never say anything in front of my sister, but I would speak with him about it later, in private.
Eventually, Ember released her death grip.  The chilly wind on my neck helped a little.  But my body temperature was still near the boiling point.  Kicking off the covers also cooled me slightly.  Still, those weren’t nearly enough to quell the raging, internal heat.
Rave must have understood my current challenge.  He quickly opened up the bedroom window.  The wind rushed inside the room and spun around Ember.  She finally stood up, but her mini-cyclone continued to spin around me at her bidding.  My body temperature plunged back down into the normal range so fast that it made me dizzy.
Once my body temperature was stabilized, I felt wonderful.  Rave is a powerful healer because I realized that I hadn’t felt this good in years.  I stood up and prepared to go to work since I had enough energy right that moment to toss a car twenty feet with my bare hands.  But, Ember had other ideas.  She realized what I was planning and demanded that I lie back down.
“I’m fine – inside and out – see…” I told her.
In order to convince her of this, I lifted her up, over my head just like I used to do when she was an infant.
She peered down at me with a very worried expression.  But she isn’t concerned about being suspended high over my head.  She’s anxious because she doesn’t believe that I’m back to good.  The absurdity of this moment is comical and I started laughing, intermittently.  I just couldn’t seem to stop myself.
Ember looks just like a rag doll replica of herself.  Only, rag dolls are always smiling.  Her facial features are etched with frustrated anxiety.  That’s not a good look for a baby doll…
“I don’t know what you find so funny, but I’m not sharing in the comedy.  You hurt yourself today and I’m sure you’re gonna reinjure something critical by holding me over your head.  I’ve gained some weight, lately…” she informed me.
She was fibbing about gaining weight, but even if she weighed 300 pounds I could’ve easily lifted her.  I had no intention of letting that little piece of information slip – not to her or anyone else.  I put her down.  Then, I tried to get by her, but she blocked my path.  I faked left and went right – she matched me move for move.
“We can do this all afternoon Little Girl, but I’m not going back to bed,” I announced and fought back the laughter.
I wanted her to at least think she had the authority to prevent me from leaving.  I watched her swing between opposition and allowance.  We stood there in a traditional Mexican standoff – David vs. Goliath style.  This would have likely continued for the next several hours, but Rave intervened.
“You can let him pass little one.  He’s right – my medicine is a cleansing fire – he’s back to normal now,” Rave offered with a quiet authority.
Ember politely turned around to look at him as she prepared her protest.  I used her temporary distraction to my advantage.  I made my escape into the Jansens’ den.  Boo was occupied in the corner with his books and toys.  He didn’t even look at me.
My sister chased me, annoyed.  By the time she reached me I was already sitting on the couch.  The fact that I was sitting must have appeased her for the moment.  She sat down on the floor in front of me and stared into my eyes.
“I would’ve figured something out back in the lunchroom with that massive swarm of people.  You didn’t have to do that…” Ember announced.
 She truly believes that she could’ve handle it.  But sadly I know better.
Rave and Celeste listened closely as we explained what happened in the lunchroom.  Celeste was the first one to speak after we finished telling the story.
“This is partially my fault.  I have been so focused on Ember and her education that I neglected to work with you, Tray.  Bad things happen when we stretch our skills without practice,” she stated with her own look of concern.
I tried to interrupt her and tell her that she’s not at fault.  But Celeste waved her hand in my direction to dismiss my words before I even spoke them.
Women…can’t ever convince them of anything!
“Using obliteration or any spiritual gift takes careful practice.  You both obviously have the skill base to expand your Ay’sha abilities.  Honestly I have no understanding of how either one of you are capable of it.  It appears that if you become afraid or angry enough, it is somehow possible.  Calling on a spiritual gift out of any strong emotion can produce devastating consequences.
“You are extraordinarily lucky that Rave is a powerful shaman or…” her thought trailed off.
It was clear that Celeste wasn’t going to voice what that “or” would’ve been either, and she didn’t need to say it.  I understood her perfectly.
Ember turned deathly pale and looked like she was going to puke any second.  I watched her spirit light lift toward the sky in fear from the revelation.
It took some time before she finally regained command over it.  She had no control when it first illuminated.  That was very evident.  I exchanged a look with Celeste because I knew she was right.
“Ember, would you consider allowing me to home school you – maybe just through the rest of this year?  That way I could teach you about your gifts, you wouldn’t fall behind in your studies and it would give things at school a chance to settle back down,” Celeste directed the question to my unsuspecting little girl.
My heart lifted for a fraction of a second because that plan would solve everything.  Ember would get plenty of intellectual stimulation.  Plus she would be with me so I could watch over her.  I should have known that nothing would ever be handled that easily – at least, where Ember is concerned.
“I can’t explain it exactly, but I have to go back to school,” Ember stated quietly, looking very distressed.
“Alright, home school is out.  So would you at least consider going to one of the Vaydem Schools?  Rave’s family is very connected and I feel relatively sure that he could get you in…” she inquired and looked over towards her husband.
My boss didn’t say anything to his wife, but somehow they communicated with each other.  I was puzzled because their facial features didn’t even change.  But when Celeste turned back to Ember she had her answer.
“Rave can get you enrolled in a Vaydem School.  They offer general educational and spiritual gift classes as a daily part of their curriculum.  They also offer courses that we think you would enjoy taking.  Classes like the history of Vaydem ancestral rituals, those are taught by elders and elemental essence channeling…” Celeste coaxed.
I watched Ember flounder around in indecision.  Celeste was offering her something tantalizing.
“Let’s deal, Little Girl.  If you’ll transfer to the Vaydem School, I’ll let you choose your grade level…” I offered and placed all my cards on the table.  I wasn’t going to let this opportunity go down in flames without a fight.

Chapter Forty Three

Now, that’s what I call playing dirty…
My mind was reeling at the possibilities that had just been tossed into my lap.  I could be a junior or a senior.  I could learn about sacred Vaydem customs and rituals from the people who had lived them.  This was one of those rare, precious opportunities that no one else on earth would ever have a prayer of being presented.  I wanted so badly to scream, “…yes, yes, yes” without thinking about it.
My brother had nearly fried his brain getting me out of trouble at school today.  Almost the entire student body had suddenly become worse than the paparazzi and more than one strange occurrence should have had me jumping at the chance to start again.  Added to the enticement was the fact that I had always wanted to skip my freshman year.
I considered all the exciting possibilities.
“So you’d be my younger brother now?” I asked incredulously when my mind raced with the thought of my being a senior at the Vaydem School.
Tray was currently posing as a junior.  No matter how powerful his obliteration ability is – NO ONE would believe that he is my baby brother.
“Okay that’s a hilarious vision, but no.  I’d get to work at Sunridge full time.  You’d be safe at the Vaydem School so I wouldn’t have to attend with you.  I’d still have to enroll you and I’d continue providing all your transportation.  During the school day, you’d be on your own,” Tray replied – further tempting me.
I sat in speechless wonder and searched his eyes for the slightest bit of deception or exaggeration although I knew I wouldn’t find any there.  He would never deceive me.  Still, it was difficult to believe the words coming out of his mouth.
Tray is forced to attend high school because of me.  The guilt of this knowledge formed a big lump that lodged tightly in my throat.  My brother is twenty one years old – well beyond his high school years.  Suddenly, the chance to allow him some freedom to pursue his own life, career or even a serious relationship dangled like a golden carrot on a stick.
This transfer wouldn’t necessarily be so different from the hundreds of transfers before.  If anything, it would likely be the best move I would ever make.  I would select my grade and my classes.  I could learn some fascinating, new things.  Tray also believed I would be safe attending that high school.  That meant I definitely would be.
“What about my friendship with Krista?” I wondered aloud.
“Krista spends almost every night with us anyway.  I could just drop her off at her school on the way.  She’s not just friends with you because you go to school together – you realize that right?” Tray inquired, candidly.
Once again, I knew he was correct.  Krista is my friend – probably the closest friend I’d ever have.  She would be disappointed about my transfer, but in the end we would definitely remain close.  I could still keep up with all the school gossip through her.  I considered the endless conversation topics we would have while attending to different schools.  I couldn’t think of any reason to decline the offer.  I prepared to tell them yes and turn to a new chapter in my life.  But, fate would spin the crazy wheel, yet again…
I opened my mouth to accept, but the only answer I managed to produce sounded like a gag.  I cleared my throat as they looked at me intently, with bewildered stares.  Boo was the only one in the room that didn’t pay any attention to my sudden inability to speak.
I attempted again, but this time all I managed was a fit of coughing worthy of a chain smoker.  The cough subsided after a few tortured minutes, but it left me red-faced and breathless.  I tried to call on my spirit light to give me some assistance.  For the second time that day, it would mysteriously fail to appear.
Ticked off and highly annoyed, I refuse to give in to my body’s hysterical fit.  I tried to just nod my head to let them know that I would agree to the idea.  I hadn’t learned yet that divine guidance would always win out in the end.  It didn’t take long to figure it out…
The low heated internal fire attempted to incinerate me when I tried to nod my head in agreement.  I instantly grabbed my chest as the inner fire blazed, unmercifully inside my body.  I couldn’t even scream out in agony although I desperately needed to.
Tray, Celeste and Rave all looked at me in horror because they didn’t know what was wrong or how to help me.
I jumped up from the floor.  Then I ran over to the kitchen sink and put my head directly under the pouring faucet.  I gulped the water down, fast.  It didn’t help extinguish the internal incinerator even though the water was being fed from a natural spring that was so icy cold that it made my teeth hurt.
The fire burned hotter and started to spread.  It seemed to consume my lungs.  I held my breath and fought against the inevitable need to exhale.  I was terrified that the expelled air would come out in a wave of molten lava.
The sliding glass doors led out onto a garden patio.  They rattled and threatened to shatter as I forced them opened in my mad dash.  I had barely reached the edge of the concrete walkway before my own personal survival won out.
I fell forward and exhaled – no smoke, no fire – just air.  If I had banked on any relief though, I would have gone broke.  The frigid outside air that I inhaled didn’t help at all.  The fire continued to rip through my lungs.
Nothing could extinguish the internal furnace.  I considered how far it was to the nearest cliff, but it wouldn’t matter much.  At the rate that the flames were consuming my insides, they would surround my heart soon.  That would certainly end this torture, once and for all.
Boo rushed to my side wearing his bright yellow boots and grabbed me by the hand.  I tried to keep up as he pulled me along.  I repeatedly stumbled although we kept moving.  Somehow we climbed the huge mountainside in record time.  Then he led me directly to the creek bank that had remnants of snow still dusted on both sides.
“Ember swim…” he instructed and I watched as his blue aura streamed into the flowing water.
I obeyed and crawled into the creek.  The rainbows appeared around me before I submerged my face beneath the cold surface.  The icy liquid and Boo’s essence fought against the raging flames inside.
Steam started rising from the creek and I rolled over onto my back.  The usually high, free flowing water had evaporated.  Even the rainbows had disappeared because no water was left in the creek bed.  The waterfall that feeds this creek is cascading from what currently looks like an overflowing, rushing river.  But all the liquid was being boiled away the instant it touched any of the rocks near me.
Boo’s aura appeared to be absorbing through my skin and then released back into the atmosphere.  It created a thick fog of unearthly blue mist.  Rave, Celeste and Tray stood in stunned silence on the creek bank.  They watched the ethereal steam as it continued to rise like celestial smoke from the water.
The creek is deep enough to fully cover my body, typically.  But all that could reach me was an occasional drop or two of water.  Small trickles were all that could escape from the boiling heat.
I continued to lie in the steamy creek bed until the inferno receded.  The now, low heated flames of my inner fire reminded me that I still had something missing inside.  Perhaps it was a piece of my soul or something more, I didn’t know.  Somehow, in my distraction I had forgotten all about it.  I believed that the missing part of me was located somewhere at my current school.  It was a fact that the blazing inferno reminded me of with a vengeance.  After almost being burned alive I finally understood that I couldn’t just wander around the world – or the Vaydem School for that matter – with a part of ME missing.
I could never afford to forget it again.  I need to find my missing piece and then, figure out a way to retrieve it.  All the best reasons in the world can’t convince me to transfer anywhere.  The internal fire responded to my choice by lowering the flames.
Although my body definitely approved of my decision, I was still disappointed about having to choose it.  I looked up into Tray’s eyes and felt the sadness wash over me.  I didn’t think it was possible to have guilt stack on top of more blame, but unfortunately, it is.
Boo’s aura swiftly faded as I cooled down – well, as much as I could chill given that I had a fire burning inside me.  I climbed out of the creek bed and onto the bank with my brother’s assistance.  I turned around and watched the icy water start to flow freely once again.  The water rose back to the same depth it had been before I had boiled it.  But I could still see the imprint of my body where I had been lying in the creek bed.  It would be indelibly scorched into the mud – a permanent reminder of this incredible event.
My Boo-bear had started to play with his toys the second his aura faded.  He didn’t even look up at me as I knelt down in front of him.  I placed one finger under his small chin and tilted his head up so I could look him in the eyes.
“Thanks, my little Boo-bear Honey – you saved my life,” I whispered to him.
“Ember likes water…water likes Ember…” Boo said before he pulled away from my finger.
“You’re right – you’re so right,” I said softly and kissed him on the top of his head.

Chapter Forty Four

We hiked back down the mountain to their house and I took a shower.  Celeste had given me some of her clothes to wear while she washed my outfit.  I made a mental note to always keep a full change of clothing with me at all times.  My internal fire apparently isn’t going anywhere soon.  So I have no idea how many more swims in the creek might be in store for me.
I stood in the shower and obsessed about my decision.  I wished I could choose something different.  All the wishing in the world wouldn’t make any difference.  I also couldn’t stay in the bathroom forever – there’s no way to avoid the inevitable.  So I pulled on the dry clothing and walked to the den where they were all waiting.
I thanked Rave and Celeste for the offer to get me enrolled in the Vaydem School, but told them I just couldn’t accept it.  I tried to add the words, “…at least not right now.”  However, my internal fire heated just enough to warn me that I would be lying.  So I helplessly watched as all three of their faces shadowed over and became unreadable.
“Tray…” I started to say something, but fell silent.
My emotions threatened to overwhelm me.  I desperately want to give him his freedom.  I want him to have a career, be able to attend college and have a real relationship with a girl his own age.  He deserves all those things – he deserves a life of his own.  Tray shouldn’t have to sacrifice everything for me.
It’s just not fair…
I wanted to rip my own chest open and yank the fire out of the empty space.  It was this internal blaze that was currently betraying me.  It was forcing me to hurt my Tray.  I didn’t know how to fight something that I couldn’t see.  The flames blazed wickedly hot one final time before they settled back down.
I’m erasing Firefighter from my list of “Careers to Have Before I Die”…
“It’s okay, Little Girl – no need to explain,” Tray casually offered and then gave me a sideways smile as he prepared to walk outside to the garage.
Tray was prepared to go, work.  I couldn’t let him just leave without giving him some kind of explanation.  He deserved a reason and I was going to give him one even if it kills me.  I defiantly challenged the now, low burning fire to try and stop me.
I’ll let it burn and burn and burn…
“Please, will you just walk with me for a minute before you start work,” I pleaded.
“Sure I will,” he replied.
We stepped outside and walked down the driveway.  Once we were out of everyone’s earshot, I stopped him.  We turned to look into each other’s eyes.
“Tray, I want to go to the Vaydem School.  I really do want you to have a real life of your own and not have to worry about me all the time.  I want to learn about the sacred Vaydem culture and their ways.  I know you’re also right about Krista because she’s my best friend no matter where we move.  That’s not gonna change.  So my going to the Vaydem School seems like the most logical and sensible plan available.  It’s the most perfect and rare opportunity I’ve ever been presented.
“I can’t adequately explain this, but I’m gonna give it my best shot.  Although it’s definitely what we ‘think’ is the right option and it’s what I want to do – it’s just not what I can do right now.  I’d love to say that it’ll change sometime, but since I don’t know what “it” is that’s holding me at our school, I can’t say that with any certainty.
“Sadly, I can’t even give you the benefit of saying “I’ll do it for you.”  You’ve done everything for me and never questioned my madness even once.  I would give anything in the whole wide world to be able to do this for you.  It’s just not within my power, even though I don’t understand the reason I can’t…” I stated.
I would have likely continued rambling, but I was crying too hard to speak.
Life’s not always fair…
“You really have no idea how much I love you, huh??  You don’t have to explain anything to me or feel guilty about the choices you make.  We’re a team, little girl of mine.  It’s you and I against the world – well, the world, now minus a few select people that is.
“A lot of crazy stuff has happened in a very short amount of time.  Sometimes we should just count our blessings and let, whatever’s gonna happen, happen.  I want you to consider something intriguing.  If we had taken off like I wanted, then we would be long gone from here.  Think about what could’ve happened…” he offered quietly.
I shivered when I thought about my uncontrolled spirit light.  I could have killed myself, Tray or some innocent person.  Horror washed through me as I considered all the very real consequences of not having Celeste to teach me.  The tears stopped falling.
“Now, you understand.  We aren’t always given the answer, or the answer we’d hoped for, but we trust the Creator to lead us in the right direction.  You don’t need to make excuses or feel guilty.  The weight of the world is not on your shoulders, my little girl…it’s just not…” he explained and then held me for a few minutes.
The tears renewed their journey down my cheeks, but this time it was entirely different.  They were flowing from relief.
Tray offered one last statement as we headed back to the garage so he could get to work.  “The Maker shouldn’t have to toss a sky scraper on top of our stubborn heads just to get us to listen to what he’s saying…”
Or burn us to ashes either…

Chapter Forty Five

We formulated a new strategy – one that hopefully wouldn’t incinerate me or fry my brother’s brain either.  I planned to return to school and Tray would allow me to navigate through my sudden celebrity status the best way I knew how.  I promised to avoid the cafeteria or any place that a large number of kids might gather for the next few days.  If things are still chaotic after that break, then we will reassess the situation.  I would have to allow him to assist me.
I called Krista and told her we would pick her up.  Maybe she could shed some light on what happened at school today and have some ideas for possible crowd control.  I asked Tray to please refrain from using his obliteration skill on her, at least for tonight.  I need my best friend’s perspective and ingenuity.  I’m also terrified for him to use his gift anymore.
“I’ve gotta stop running away every time I get into trouble.  At the rate I’m going, I’m gonna fail my freshman year because of my horrible attendance record,” I told Tray on the drive over to pick up Krista.
“What horrible attendance problem are you referring to anyway?  I haven’t heard a single thing about it…” Tray stated curiously.
He looked like a cat that had swallowed a canary.  I laughed when I realized that my attendance record was probably perfect.
“And here I thought you’d only use your powers for good and not evil…” I offered to him and we both laughed.
We drove into Krista’s driveway and I prepared to get out.  Her grandmother walked out the door and over to our car before I had a chance to do anything.  Tray rolled his window down so she could talk to us.
“You’re both coming to our holiday party.  The theme this season is Casino Royale…” she told us.
“Wouldn’t miss it for the world,” he accepted and his smile lit up the interior of our car.
“The dress is formal so please let me know if you need a tuxedo.  My late husband was about your size.  I think his navy one would look nice, but his black one would look better,” Elizabeth stated, surprisingly.
I had never thought to ask about her late husband.  Any man that had more than one tuxedo in his closet would be an interesting person to discover.  Krista had her clothes and her books packed as she rushed out the door.
We went home and Tray sat down in front of the television while I cooked dinner.  Krista helped me chop vegetables for the salad.  I told her to ‘flippin’ spill it’ – code phrase for tell me everything about everything that’s happening.
It appears as though Tray is ignoring us.  But I highly suspect that he is listening intently.
“Our friends have apologized to Greg for being so obnoxious, but they never said why they were acting like a bunch of jerks.  Tisha invited us out to the movies this weekend.  I told her we’d already made plans.  Greg is still leery around them and I don’t blame him.  They were being big morons.
“I’m sure at some point he’ll warm up to them since he’s one of the nicest guys on earth.  Oh my goodness, I didn’t tell you what he did today right before he dropped me off at home, did I?” Krista continued to talk about her new love interest.
I could feel Tray’s frustration level rising all the way from our living room.
“So, what exactly was all the celebrity hysteria about in between classes?  Did I wake up on the Hollywood side of the bed without knowing it?” I asked her dramatically.
Tray’s massive obliteration wiped Krista’s memory, too.  So I had to blame my disappearing act today on the crazy celebrity reaction between classes.
“You should thank your lucky stars that you didn’t show up for the insane lunchroom scene.  We’ve suddenly got a major lunchroom table over population issue.  I don’t mean like two or three extra people either.  It was outrageous…
“You’ve become a star overnight and I’m already in your orbit – kudos to me for being your best friend.  Holy heaven, that’s so pathetic.  I’m riding on your celebrity star just because I know you, bah…” she remarked and wrinkled her nose in distaste.
It seemed that she didn’t want to be known as my sidekick.  I certainly can’t say that I blame her.
“At the risk of sounding like an idiot, how did my star rise all the way to the top without me even knowing it existed in the first place?”
“Girl, don’t you realize that you are the high school champion of the underappreciated and non-popular?  You stood up for the little invisible people.  Stars like that become all time legends…” Krista explained.
“I was only yelling at our friends and making a point to one other person in particular.  I didn’t stand up for anyone else other than Greg,” I told her.
“Well I, and about two thirds of the student body, disagree with you on that.  I think the part about “…being bent on proving her right” is gonna make the front page of the year book.  Everyone is trying to figure out who the ‘her’ is that you were shouting about.  The whole scene might even make it to the Yahoo News homepage if Randall can figure out a way to do it.
“That guy practically lives on Yahoo.  He’s posted your entire speech, word-for-word on every site he comes across.  He’s offered a reward to anyone who has a video of it because he wants you to go viral…” Krista informed me.
The water boiled over right when she said it and I reflexively jerked the pan off the heat.  Tray was standing beside me before I had released the handle.  He inspected my hand and wrist.
“I’m okay – no burns or scratches.  Owww though, I do bruise,” I told him jokingly.
He sighed and returned to the recliner.
“Now I know for sure I sound like a complete incompetent, but what language are you speaking?” I asked Krista.
We both exchanged puzzled stares.
“English, of course…hello, earth to Ember…we need you to return to us…it’s kind of important that you be here while we’re having a conversation…” she stated humorously in an over-exaggerated voice. 
“Did you say he wanted me to get ‘viral’?” I inquired, perplexed.
How could me getting a virus, help Randall’s aspiring Internet career?  That’s ridiculous…
I watched as understanding finally colored my best friend’s face and she started to laugh hard from the revelation.
“I said he wanted your speech to go viral – meaning he wants to post the video on the Internet for everyone in the world to see.  They’re called viral videos my computer illiterate friend…” Krista choked out between fits of laughter.
I got ready to laugh with her because, now that I understood, my question was funny.  Then something horrific occurred to me.  I couldn’t let that psychotic, audacious, over-the-top video, of me losing it, get posted on the Internet!  My private life is not up for public viewing!!  I felt the floodgates as they prepared to open wide.  The anger bubbled dangerously close to the surface.  My spirit light and inner fire responded and my body temperature spiked accordingly.
Just before I opened my mouth to yell a blue streak in my overwhelming panic and fury, my brother rescued me from myself.
“Did anyone take Randall up on his reward offer?” Tray asked from his seated position in the living room without turning around.
“No!  Everyone was so stunned by Ember’s outburst that no one thought to video it.  Then, we add in the minor detail that her speech was so brief.  Basically, it would’ve been said and done before they could’ve started filming…” Krista explained to Tray.
My anger cooled down quickly as the realization struck me.
I’ll have to thank Tray later for saving my skin, yet again…
It took longer than usual to get dinner on the table.  Krista and I would forget what we were supposed to be doing as we talked and formulated plans.  I explained that I certainly wasn’t looking for this kind of attention.  She replied that sometimes celebrity status is just thrust upon us and there’s nothing a girl can do about it except ride out the popularity storm.
I’m not sure whether she’s secretly enjoying my overnight stardom because it makes her a pseudo-celebrity herself or if she knows that I can’t avoid the limelight entirely.  Perhaps she thought I might as well enjoy my five minutes of fame since I couldn’t seem to run away from it.  Whatever her reasoning though, Krista offered some very practical suggestions.
“If you try to ignore your adoring fans and remain silent, then the rumor mill will socially annihilate you for sure.  That move would backfire anyway because ignoring them only shines the spotlight on you even more.  Everyone would start to gossip and then you’d suddenly be known as a snobby diva.
“You’re the hero to the invisible and non-popular kids so you can’t morph into a snobby diva, for heaven sakes.  You can definitely see the problem with just trying to pretend it didn’t happen, right?
“So we have to sort of minimize the fall-out, somehow.  I was thinking that you should offer to be interviewed for our school newspaper.  That way you get to control what happens.  You can give them your list of conditions for agreeing to do it.  You could say no pictures or personal questions – you know…stuff like that.  By agreeing to an interview, then everyone gets a chance to hear your point of view.  They won’t have to guess or gossip about it.  It’s your call.  I just think that’s your best bet…” she told me.
“I’ve gotta agree with that assessment.  I’m gonna state for the record here and now though, that I’d rather accept death than to have a video of me posted on the Internet…” I said.
“Heard and duly noted for our record.  Next, I believe we should avoid the cafeteria and any other places that kids crowd around, like the vending areas or the gym.  We’ll need to confer until the worst of this is over though.  So we should just go ahead and plan on meeting in the library for lunch.  Unfortunately, that strategy prevents us from actually eating because we can’t take food or beverages inside the library,” Krista reminded me about the policy.
“I think you ladies should be safe from discovery as long as you stay near the back.  Go ahead and bring your lunches with you.  Just make sure you carry your trash out with you when you leave.  We can’t have food smelling up the library,” Tray stated to us and gave me a knowing look.
I couldn’t stop the worried expression that shadowed across my face.  I knew that we would never get caught eating in the library and I also knew exactly how my brother intended to make that happen.  I didn’t want him to use his ability anymore for a while.  Tray smiled and winked at me in response.  I couldn’t talk to him about it in front of Krista.  But it wouldn’t do me any good to argue with him even if she weren’t here.  He had already decided to do it.
He’s so stubborn…
We didn’t bring up the topic of what our friends would do or say when we ‘no-showed’ for the lunch the next day.  Fortunately, sometimes things work out though even when we fail to plan for them…

Chapter Forty Six

We normally arrive at school at least ten minutes early every day.  Today, Tray decided that it would be better if we arrived right on time.  We barely made it to our first period classes before the final bell sounded.  We would continue to squeak in daily, until this crazy Ember-popularity madness subsides.
In order to make it through this insanity in one piece, I planned to be sociable between classes with everyone.  That way they can feel like they are included in my circle.  The conversations however, will be short and sweet because time between class periods is limited.
I asked for the hall pass during my second period teacher’s lecture although it was so rude to interrupt her.  But I have to avoid getting cornered in the bathroom.  So I have to use the restroom while class is in session instead of in between them like I normally do.
“Hi Ember,” a voice said shyly in the girl’s restroom while I was at the sink, washing my hands.
I inhaled deeply and turned around not knowing who might be standing there.  It turned out to be Jessica and I exhaled in relief.
“Hi…” I greeted my friend.
“I wanted to tell you why we were being rude and mindless idiots to Greg.  But you have to promise to keep it between us,” Jessica told me.
I nodded my head and said, “Sure, just between us.”
“Jeff has had a crush on Krista for – well, since forever I guess.  But she doesn’t seem to know he exists most of the time.  When we started to talk about Krista being hot-n-heavily involved with your brother and their ‘super top secret midnight romance’ as it were, Jeff got kind of upset.
“But boys have this total moronic streak and instead of just saying something like ‘shut it Prissy, that’s my woman you’re talking about’ he became male-hormonal and started a fight with his best friend Steven.  Don’t ask me why guys act like that – all ‘testosteroned out’ but they do.  Now Steven was like ‘whoa buddy, what are you tripping about’?  After a few more swings and insults Jeff admits to Steven that he’s so liking on Krista.  Steven was sworn to secrecy.  But, that doesn’t really matter.  He ran straight to me and spilled the information.
“We gals took pity on the poor soul and tried to stop our ‘Tray-Krista-inquest’ in front of the guys at least.  We turned our questions – well most of ‘em anyway – to general topics like what your brother eats and watches on T.V., because he’s still so hot.
“Ya’ know Cassie started watching sports on the tube because you told her that Tray watched some kind of ballgame.  She doesn’t know anything about sports but she kind of figures she can ask your brother to explain everything.  That way they’ll have some common interests and something to talk about when she works up her courage to speak to him.  So far, she’s only drooled in his direction, but at some point…”
“Jessica we have to get back to class, sometime…” I reminded her, interrupting her side-tracked thoughts.
“Oops, sorry…so, we tried to stop joking around about Krista and Tray having an affair or a love child.  That way Jeff could make some kind of move or something.  Then, suddenly, Greg’s there and Krista started falling or flirting or whatever that was she was doing.  We felt guilty because if we would’ve known that Jeff really liked her, as in wanted to date her, we would’ve clued her in before she had her Greg-filled meltdown.  But we were too late because she was suddenly all “Greg mushy-mushy this and Greg mushy-mushy that”.
“We couldn’t say anything about Jeff being interested in her ‘cuz we weren’t supposed to know about it in the first place.  So we had to make a plan, fast.  We decided to crank back up the ‘Krista-Tray-secret-romance’ because no way would he be willing to take on your hot brother and ask her out.  When that didn’t seem to work, we attempted to make Greg dislike us so much that he would want to make new friends.
“They were both stupid ideas, but they were the best we could come up with on such short notice.  I’ve known Krista since first grade and I’ve never seen her make a move so fast with any boy.  In fact, I’ve only known her to be serious about one other guy and he made the moves on her.  She also made him work for a first date, according to her account.  So that’s what made this situation with Greg so crazy.  It’s like she knew where to find him and exactly what to say somehow – way too convenient and annoying…”
Thanks to me and Tray…
“Jeff is hurt over the whole thing, but there’s nothing we can do to fix it…” Jessica explained and she looked so sad.
I couldn’t help myself – I hugged her quickly and told her that it wasn’t her fault.  We both ran back to class and I took my seat as my teacher gave me the infamous ‘I know you were goofing off’ look.
So Jeff likes Krista, but she’s all about Greg – I was starting to realize that teenage romance is way more complicated than I first thought.  I vowed to avoid all things in the romance department until I either graduated from high school or could develop mind reading skills.  Since I knew I wouldn’t ever be able to read minds, I was safe from the complicated dating minefield for at least the next four years.
I’m sure Tray will be thrilled to hear that news…

Chapter Forty Seven

I talked to practically everyone that walked by me in between classes.  I took the first few minutes of my lunch break to swing by the school newspaper’s office (closet) to speak to the editor.  I offered to be interviewed for an article and I told Misty my conditions.  She wrote them down and asked me who I wanted to write the story.
Curses – I couldn’t even remember what the guy who asked me for the interview looked like…
I settled for asking her to send the best reporter on her staff.  That way it was her discretion and her funeral if anyone found out.
By the time I finally walked into the library I was a nervous wreck.  I had no idea how mentally exhausting it is to just smile and say hello a few thousand times in a morning.  My facial muscles were throbbing from overuse.
I marked Miss America off of my “Careers to Have Before I Die” list…
Krista and Tray were sitting at a table in the back of the library waiting for me.  They both stopped talking immediately and looked at me with worried expressions as I approached the table.
“It’s done,” I stated clandestinely.
Krista muttered something like “whew” under her breath and then pulled her packed lunch out of her backpack.  Tray continued to watch me closely.  I gave him the signal that everything was just fine.  He kissed me on the top of the head and told me to text if I needed him before he left to go to class.
“What’d you tell Greg about why you’re not eating with him today?” I whispered.
“I told him we had a project of epic proportions and I’d meet him after school.  He’s gonna give me a ride to your house.  I hope you don’t mind.  Oh, you can ride with us so Tray doesn’t have to get off work to take you home,” she announced softly.
“We have errands to run this afternoon, but we should be home by 6:00.  Would you two mind waiting until then to come over?” I asked her and crossed my fingers.
I knew Tray wouldn’t go for me riding around with someone who barely has his license and drives around in an unsafe car.  I didn’t want to tell Krista that because I figured she might get offended.
“Sure, we’ll just go hang out somewhere for a little while,” she stated and smiled.
The rest of the day breezed by without too many complications.  My interview was scheduled for the next day, right after school.  That took care of my ‘Greg driving me home’ problem for another day at least.
The editor chose a good looking, nervous guy named Eli Weston to conduct the interview.  We met in one of the vacant administrative conference rooms.  He explained that the vice principal allows the reporting staff to use these rooms whenever they need to.  Eli stated that fact like it was supposed to impress me, so I tried to sufficiently ‘oohhh’ and ‘aahhh’.
Over the course of the interview, he told me quite a few personal things about himself.  As it turns out, Eli is the sophomore class president, captain of the track team, plays almost every kind of game that requires a ball and is the leader of various clubs and societies.  I was exhausted just thinking about his life.  I couldn’t imagine how tired I would be if I had to live through a minute of it.
“I was offered the editor’s position on the newspaper, but I don’t have the time to dedicate to it.  Once I was elected as class president, I knew I would be forced to decline some stuff.  I’ve gotta keep my priorities in order.  My father is a very influential man and he’s taught me to keep my eye on the prize.  He graduated at the top of his class from Yale and that’s where I plan to attend…” Eli continued to nervously talk about his dad while he prepared for my interview.
I had no clue why he was so freaked out about interviewing me.  He was a very popular guy and until a few days ago I was among the socially invisible.  I also figured that he would have an equally popular girlfriend.  That’s the way things work in this life.  So it wasn’t like he wanted to put the moves on me.  He was so incredibly jumpy though that I started to feel slightly on edge myself.
However, once he started to interview me, his anxiety vanished.  I was stunned because he confidently asked his questions.  I finally realized that I must have misread the situation.  Eli wasn’t nervous about anything because tension doesn’t just disappear instantly – duh, Ember.
I really stink at reading people…
Eli attempted several times during the interview to ask me about my personal life – “off the record.”  I would swiftly change the subject back to him.  Tray told me to use that strategy anytime I felt uncomfortable about a question.  When he gave me that piece of advice yesterday, it sounded preposterous in my estimation.  But, he would end up being proven correct.  Eli really loved to talk about himself so I managed to avoid his off-the-record-between-us-only inquiries.
I clearly stated that I am a very private person and I do not like crowds.  Those things needed to be printed.  Then, I answered all of his questions about my views honestly.  After all, I had agreed to do this interview and he had to write about something.  I offered my opinions about popularity, inclusion and responsible life choices because those were important topics.  They were also general enough to keep me well inside my comfort level.
By the end of the question-answer session, I was frazzled senseless.  I had never been so happy to have anything over in my whole life.  My internal fire had heated up from my anxiety level and I was sweating.  It didn’t help that I had on six layers of clothes either.  There’s no way I would’ve removed any of them, regardless of how uncomfortable I became.
Eli followed me to the door.  I rushed ahead of him because I didn’t want to have to shake his hand.  Although I knew a handshake was expected after things like this, I have always hated being touched by strangers.  I knew Tray would be standing right outside the door waiting on me.  I figured Eli could shake his hand if he wanted to touch someone.
Tray wanted to sit in the room during the interview, but I told him no.  I didn’t want him to use his ability and he would have been nervous – making it hard for him to refrain.  I convinced him to wait for me outside by promising to keep my finger on his speed dial button on my cell, at all times.  I would press it if I needed his assistance and he could come to my rescue.
I yanked open the door so fast that the papers on the conference room table took flight.  Tray reached out and touched my shoulder.  I covered his hand with mine and squeezed it – my signal that everything had went great.  He looked almost as relieved to see me, as I was to see him.
I fought the insane urge to jump into my brother’s arms so he could carry me like he did when I was little…
“Thanks, Ember – your interview will be printed in the upcoming edition.  You’ll get an advanced copy.  Maybe we could…” Eli offered as he followed me through the doorway, but then, he suddenly stopped talking.
“Tray, this is Eli Weston.  Eli, this is my brother, Tray,” I introduced them.
Eli stood frozen in place and appeared to be inexplicably terrified.  I opened my mouth to say something because the growing-frozen-silence-situation was awkward.  Before I could speak though, Tray did – what Tray does.  Eli suddenly became animated again and smiled.
Tray didn’t respond to him, in any way.  He didn’t even smile back and that was out of character for my brother.  It was very clear that he didn’t want Eli to become relaxed or comfortable around him.
“You have a great sister…” Eli stammered, anxiously and this time I knew his nervousness was the genuine thing.
“That, she is,” Tray agreed and opened the door for me.
I said “goodbye” to him and thanked him for his time before Tray escorted me outside.  I had hated every single minute of that interview, but Eli seemed like a nice guy.  He had explained that the student body needs people like me to stand up against bullies and oppressors.  I had smiled when he used the word oppressors.  He had been born with a silver spoon in his mouth, so I felt sure that he had never been oppressed a single moment in his life.
“Eli suggested that I run for sophomore class president next year…” I recounted the details of our conversation to Tray.
“You know, you should – that’ll show ‘em.  Beware all bullies, oppressors and mute, teenage Romeo’s – Ember’s gonna bring you to your knees with a great big smack-down supreme…” my brother declared and we both doubled over laughing at the prospect.
I hadn’t mentioned anything to Krista about Jeff’s broken heart because it wasn’t mine to reveal.  My curiosity was killing me though.  So I told Tray about the drama and why my friends were being jerks to Greg.  After I told him the entire loony story, he sort of shrugged and didn’t plan to offer me anything further.  I decided to riddle him with a few hundred questions about guys.  I was so confused by their actions and behaviors – none of it makes any sense.
“Why do guys fight with each other over crazy nonsense instead of just saying what’s on their mind?  What on earth could possibly motivate them to act like that?  Why didn’t Jeff just tell Krista that he liked her when he first discovered that he had feelings for her?  He could’ve told her in private.  I don’t understand why he would tell Steven something like that, but keep it a secret from Krista.  What could Steven do about it anyway?  It’s not like he was gonna run tell Krista – well, he did tell Jessica all about it, but then he made her promise not to tell Krista either.
“This is the most lunacy I’ve ever experienced because no one told the one person who should know, although everyone else knows and she still doesn’t…are you ever gonna answer me?” I finally exclaimed.
He had been listening quietly, but not offering a single explanation.  He deflected, avoided and dodged my every attempt to discover the answers.  I badgered and pestered him all the way home to give up the details.  He eventually figured out I wasn’t going to let the subject drop unless he told me something.
“All I can say to you about the subject of guys in general is this.  We stand together, but we hang alone,” he replied cryptically.
I resorted to making wild guesses because my brother refused to say anything else about it.  I sort of knew that all my speculations were inaccurate, but guesses were all I had to go on.
Then I shared my news about not getting involved in any romantic relationship until I graduated from high school or I turned into a mind reader.  Tray shouted for joy and scared the life out of me because we were sitting in the car when he did it.
I guessed right about that one at least…
By Monday of the following week Krista and I decided it should be safe enough to return to the cafeteria.  Tray gave me the ‘no way you’re going back in there’ look.  Although he knew that eventually I would have to make an appearance, he still didn’t want me to do it today – or ever…
If I avoided it much longer though, the rumor mill would create something far worse than the original chaos.  Tray couldn’t argue that point, so he finally relented on one condition – he would walk in right beside me.
At first, I protested.  The massive obliteration he pulled made me terrified of a repeat performance.  I couldn’t bear the thought of him injuring himself again if he panicked.  No matter what argument I posed, he refused to give me any concessions.
Neither of us was comfortable with the arrangement, but eventually we made the deal.  I agreed to let him walk me into the cafeteria and he agreed to use his ability only if everything fell to pieces.  He sounded hesitant, though and that made me worry that he slipped in a gypsy phrase that I didn’t catch.
So, I formulated my own contingency plan.  I decided if the crowd swarmed around us that I would scream like a psychotic girl and then, run like the devil was pursuing me.  Tray would be forced to chase me out the door.  After escaping, we would figure out what to do next.  My plan was simple, so that meant less room for error.  Once I had my contingency plan in place, I enjoyed the relief his side would offer.  No foreign hands would get remotely near my body with him walking in beside me.
The bell rang to dismiss the class I had right before lunch.  I tried to gather my courage.  I was nervous about returning to the lunchroom.  So anxious in fact, that I wasn’t paying any attention to my surroundings.
Tray had been casually leaning against the wall right outside of my classroom waiting on me.  I shouted when he touched my shoulder to get my attention.  Everyone in the hallway turned around to see what the commotion was all about.  When they discovered it was just my brother that had me, and not some psycho high school serial killer, they all went about their business.  I smacked Tray on the arm.
“You scared a few good years of life outta me!” I exclaimed.
“Not as much as you’re scaring me.  I don’t want you to go back to the cafeteria today,” Tray announced for about the hundredth time.
“Whew, you’re like a Pitbull fighting me for the last bone on earth.  We’ve already discussed this at least a million times.  You’re right here with me.  It’ll be fine…” I replied and tried to mask the fear in my voice.
We arrived at the cafeteria and Tray put his hand on the door.  He looked at me one last time and I smiled at him.  And I had on my running shoes just in case I guessed wrong…
People said “hello” and told me how great the article was, but for the most part, they stayed a decent distance away from us.  I looked up at Tray and he returned my gaze with a cautious smile.  I couldn’t interpret its meaning, but his nose wasn’t bleeding – maybe we’re safe.
We walked over to our lunch table.  I watched everyone shift down one seat in order to make room for Tray to sit beside me.  Since he usually sits on the opposite side of the table, I knew he made that happen through obliteration.  I gave Tray an intense look of dissatisfaction.  He replied with that sideways smile I love so much and I couldn’t seem to maintain my frustration.
I greeted all our usual friends and then had to turn around every other second to talk to someone I didn’t know.  I had packed my lunch this morning, but I was too nervous to get it out of my backpack, much less eat it.  I watched the clock nervously as I spoke to everyone and counted down the minutes.  Tray would be leaving for class.  Then, I would have to navigate through the turmoil by myself.
All too soon, the warning bell for his class sounded and suddenly I was scared to death.  I didn’t anticipate that I would be this frightened of my brother leaving me in here alone.  Therefore, I didn’t prepare an appropriate gypsy-casual facial expression ahead of time.  Everything was going great, but I was still afraid.  Tray would realize this fact because I couldn’t seem to hide my distress.  I apologized to him with my eyes as I started to shake, uncontrollably.
He squeezed my shoulder and joined in the conversation at the table.  He made no move to leave me here, unattended.  When the final bell sounded, he was still sitting right beside me.  Tray joked around with Krista and Greg like he didn’t have anywhere to be.  I poked him and he turned to me.
“I thought I’d mentioned it to you already.  I dropped my last class of the day this morning.  I kind of have something more important to do during that timeframe,” Tray informed me and I hugged him in relief.
My girlfriends said “awwwwwww” in unison.
I managed to eat half of my lunch and even laughed a few times.
The rest of the week continued in the same fashion.  I discovered unfortunately, that popularity doesn’t fade like I had hoped it would.  I still hated the constant attention, but I enjoyed the fact that most people thought I was approachable.  I introduced myself to everyone that talked to me.  I also tried to remember their names and faces, although that was virtually impossible.
The dark clique remained a united, but silent front – at least where I was concerned.  I didn’t give them much thought though because I had so many other people to discover.  I was fascinated with everyone and Krista and I enjoyed listening to their true tales instead of my made up back ground stories.  We would compare notes and get a big kick over how far from the truth my Ember-intrigues were from reality.
Eleana Monte has never been out on a date with any guy, much less a billionaire, reclusive, island native.  She’s not playing hard to get either.  It turns out that she has very strict parents and they won’t permit her to go out with a boy until next year.  Carson, a.k.a. pushy boy, will have to wait until then if he wants to take Eleana anywhere on a date.  But, there’s always a chance she’ll say “no” when he asks because she likes my friend Tyler.  Eleana refuses to be part of a trail of girls and claims she can probably tame him.  I wished her luck with that little adventure because Tyler is a ladies’ man.
Good news for Tray, I’m definitely not a mind reader…
Christmas was only nine days away before I even noticed.  Our budget was stretched from having company over for dinner nearly every night and the added expense of the cell phones.  Tray refused to have them turned off, even though I tried to convince him that they aren’t necessary anymore.
He was determined to have his way.  So he offered to get another job to offset the additional expense.  I felt so guilty that he would even suggest it, that I instantly dropped the subject.  I couldn’t be totally sure, but I thought I saw him smile in satisfaction when he walked away from that debate victorious.
I wanted to get Tray something special for Christmas.  I knew it would have to be a late gift though.  All the money I had squirreled away was long gone.
I marveled at the fact that we had actually managed to stay in one place for three months.  We also had holiday plans this year that included other people.  Both of these things are a first time occurrence in our history.
We were looking forward to the Casino party at Krista’s house.  Although Krista had tried to talk me into dressing up like a showgirl, I planned to wear a nice, modest outfit.  I was going with Tray, after all.
We planned to spend Christmas with the Jansens’.  Celeste had invited us over for the entire day, so we could watch Boo open his gifts.  We are getting very close to them and they are starting to feel just like family.  Sunridge is like our second home.
Celeste was teaching me something new every day.  I was still working on gaining command of my spirit light.  She wouldn’t start teaching me Ay’sha spiritual channels until I had full control over it – especially around the wind.  I was still having a few incidents on the learning curve.
My internal fire would occasionally turn into an incinerator.  It mainly seemed to occur when I was scared or worried, but sometimes it would blaze into an inferno for no reason at all.  Fortunately, those bursts would be short lived and it would die down on its own.  I had no way to extinguish it.  At least, I haven’t had to run to the creek bed anymore.
I told Krista I started doing volunteer work in the afternoons to avoid the daily excuses to not ride home with them.  I needed to train with Celeste in private.  I have also given my brother numerous panic attacks in the last few months.  Those were more than anyone should have to live through in a lifetime.  I wasn’t about to add any more drama to the mix.
Tray told Greg that he should sell his cute car for parts and buy a real vehicle instead.  My brother would never give me permission to ride with him, even if he was driving an armored car.  So my afternoon ‘volunteer’ work excuse was a lifesaver.
Rave and Celeste are the only two people that Tray has ever allowed me to ride around with, besides him.  He trusted them although I never thought I would see the day that would happen.  The Jansens’ trusted us too.  We think of each other as family.
Celeste has a tremendous amount of patience and it’s put to the test every day.  Once she started teaching me about channels, I pestered her to teach me more each session.  My brother also challenges her patience, but in a different way.
He would train with her, but only for short time spans.  After his frustration reached a certain level, he would simply walk away.  He would offer no explanation either.  His practice session would just be over and Celeste would resume with me.  She was very understanding and never got slightly irritated.  The most she said to either of us is that we need to stop playing around with our spiritual powers and learn how to channel them.
When our home phone rang at 2:46 a.m. that night, I knew it was either the Jansens’ calling or a wrong number.  Krista would have called me on my cell phone if she needed something.  The Jansens were the only ones that ever intentionally called our house phone.  Terror ripped through me, as I bolted upright and my heart skipped a beat.
Tray had already answered the phone before I could put a foot on the floor.  He is a very light sleeper and reacts instantly when it comes to urgent situations.
I couldn’t hear with he was saying on the phone because my bedroom is too far away.  My legs felt like rubber – outright fear rendered me immobile.
Consumed with an awful sense of dread that accompanies a late night phone call, I waited in that hideous space of time for the ‘horrible news’.  The shadows seemed to come to life and they wanted to devour my spirit.  I held my breath and stared wide-eyed at my doorway as I continued to shiver from fear.
“That was Rave…” Tray informed me as he stood at the threshold of my door and my head started to swim in terror.
“No need to panic Little Girl – they’re all perfectly fine.  They just have a slight family emergency of the “incarceration nature.”  Rave apologized for calling at this hour, but as you know, they don’t have cell phones.  They’ve gotta leave right away and will be out of touch until they get back sometime late tomorrow night.  At least, that’s his best guess.
“Rave told me I can have the day off from work and he even said that he’d pay me.  Called it a Christmas bonus…” he stated and yawned.
My heart was still blocking my throat and preventing me from speaking.  So the best I could do was nod in acknowledgement.  Tray walked over to my bed and tucked me in just like he did when I was little.  Then, he kissed me on the forehead before he went back to bed.
I thought I would have trouble going back to sleep after the scare, but my body had its own plan.  I fell asleep within minutes and then slept the rest of the night without moving a muscle.
The sun was bright and shining through my bedroom window when I awoke.  I blinked and tried to focus because I was disoriented.  It was 10:15 a.m.
I went into Tray’s bedroom to let him know we had overslept.  His bed was a jumbled mess of sheets and covers, but I couldn’t find him anywhere under the destruction.
Where could he be??
He wasn’t in the kitchen and the bathroom door was wide open.  My heart was pounding in fear.  Could something else have happened?  Did he leave me here, alone in a panic??
Before I could work myself into a scared frenzy, I heard noises outside.  I pulled on one of Tray’s sweatshirts and rushed out the door.
“I think I’m just destined to get scared senseless, at least once every day,” I announced as I walked down the steps toward my brother.
“Sorry…didn’t mean to scare you.  Hope you don’t mind takin’ a break,” Tray stated and continued working on the car.
“Is something wrong?” I asked.
“Not yet,” Tray replied, stopping long enough to smile at me.
“Ya’ know, we’ll have two weeks off from school in a few days and didn’t you have a test in your…” I tried to reason with him.
“You understand, that I can still – and will always be able to – tickle you into submission…”
I gave up my inquisition as I decided to kick back and enjoy a day off from the high school popularity madness with him.  My decision might also have a little something to do with Tray’s tickle factor, but I wasn’t about to tell him that…
My inner fire didn’t much care for my decision though.  It flamed wickedly hot and scorched my insides without ceasing.  Tray and I both needed a break from the chaos.  So, it will just have to deal with it.  He is covered in oily grease…perfectly content.
I tried reading, cleaning, exercising and even singing.  But, nothing worked to distract me…I missed listening to music.  As a last resort, I turned on the television.  It lost its appeal, quickly.  I felt like I was going to crack from the pressure.  I need to hear real music.
Then, as if the Maker heard me and planned to help me out, Tray came inside to wash up.  Formulating a super swift, diabolical plan on the fly I snuck out to our car…and what would hopefully be my music salvation.
Tray had installed a top of the line stereo system for me.  All I need is a two song mini-vacation.  That’s about all the time I’ll have because he will be out of the shower in ten minutes.  I was breaking a major rule by doing this, but desperate times make it easier to throw caution to the wind.
Unless Tray is with me I’m not supposed to get near the car.  He is terrified of the many, many things that can go wrong in that particular scenario.  I have an overly inquisitive nature and a tendency to test things out.  My relentless curiosity and a car, that has the capacity to turn into a projectile type weapon, could likely get me killed.
Since I lacked the time to justify my intended defiance properly, I decided to slide in on my usual side for safety reasons and help me avoid temptation.  The keys were dangling from the ignition.  I planned to turn it only far enough to power on the stereo.  When I turned the key though, it clicked, but nothing else happened.  Huh?  I turned it backwards and still nothing occurred.  Precious seconds were being wasted, so I slid over to the driver’s seat.  I was determined to make this car surrender to my wishes and run somehow.
I pressed one of the pedals to the floor and turned the key in the ignition.  The only thing I received for my efforts however, were a few useless clicks.  I smacked the steering wheel hard – my brother’s ‘fixes-everything’ solution.  When that did nothing, I kind of had this quiet fit of aggravation.  That wasn’t helpful either, but I had to vent my irritation somehow.  While I held my silent temper tantrum, I forgot that I had a set time limit on this station wagon adventure.  Tray opened the passenger door while I wasn’t paying any attention and scared me so badly that I shouted.
“You kinda need the battery to be hooked up if you expect the car to cooperate, Little Girl.  The ‘Tray-smack-down’ won’t work in this case…” he stated, comically.
I picked up the small travel pillow and threw it at him with all the force I could gather.  He slammed the door closed just in the nick of time to avoid my payback.  The pillow bounced off the window and landed in the floorboard, unceremoniously.
Tray reconnected the battery and took me for a drive.  I turned the stereo up to a blaringly loud volume and wouldn’t let him turn it down.  Since my ears had been wrecked from a possessed stereo, normal high volume didn’t sound so loud to me anymore.  Plus, my brother deserved this obnoxious volume.  That was a mean prank to play on me in my moment of need.  I refused to let him turn it down until he asked for my forgiveness.  Musical deprivation is a real condition.  Although it’s not fatal, it could cause permanent damage of some kind.
Once I made that dramatic announcement, he started laughing.  After admitting he had disconnected the battery cable intentionally, he declared that he was three steps ahead of me.  Tray knew I was musically deprived and figured that I would sneak out to the car in order to get a ‘fix.’  He knows me well, which can be very annoying in many instances.
Under my very weak protest, we went out to eat for lunch and then, to the movies.  Our budget was limited, the holidays were approaching and we should be trying to save something in case of an emergency.  I didn’t use all my persuasion tactics to change his mind though because I was secretly excited.  It would be nice to get lost in a dark fantasy world for a few hours.
My internal fire had scorched my insides all morning long.  I sort of figured some distraction might help get it under control and I was right.  The inner fire flickered and ebbed throughout the movie, but it mainly burned with a gentle heat that I could easily tolerate.
By the time the late afternoon matinee ended, it was dark outside.  Tray turned his cell phone back on once we were out of the theater.  He had missed three calls during the movie.  After turning on the car to get it warm, my brother dialed Rave’s home number to see what he wanted.
“Hey, that was fast…sure can…yes, I have her with me…yeah, it’s no problem, at all…we’ll be right over,” Tray replied to his boss and then closed his cell phone to hang up.
“They’re back already.  Rave asked if I’d bring you over for a few minutes.  They have someone they’d like you to meet…” he stated with an emphasis on ‘you’.
His expression stayed gypsy neutral and unreadable – curses. He didn’t offer me any further explanation so my mind worked in overdrive.  I wondered what that meant and who they wanted me to meet.  My brother drove out of the parking lot and turned in the direction of Sunridge.  After an ‘Ember-eternity’ (a.k.a. forty five seconds), I finally couldn’t stand the suspense anymore.
“And this person is…male…female…transformer…alien…” I offered some suggestions when it appeared that he was ignoring me.
Tray just shrugged his shoulders and then turned up the music.  I decided that he either didn’t know anything about this ‘person’ or he wanted me to listen to the music while I had a chance.  I sat back and considered which reason he was operating under.  I felt the drums of the song vibrate through my chest.  When I looked over at the speedometer, I noticed that Tray was driving 15 mph under the limit, so I had my answer.  I closed my eyes and enjoyed listening to the music while we drove to the Jansens’.
When we arrived at Sunridge, all the lights were on.  I was intrigued because Rave and Celeste rarely turn on lights.  They prefer to burn candles at night or use the television for the low level lighting.  Inexplicably, I felt my anxiety level increase.  So I pulled my hood up, stepped out of the car and walked around to Tray.  I had no idea why I was so nervous though.  I’m at their house every afternoon.  Still, I continued to feel the tension building as butterflies danced around in my stomach.
I hope they stay away from the flames…
Tray could sense my reserve and took my arm to lead me inside.  He didn’t seem to be tense at all, so I tried to relax.  My internal incinerator reminded me that I was still on edge.  It heated really hot and took my breath away.
Boo ran up to me when I walked inside and said, “Ember swim…”
He yanked one boot on before I could lower myself to look him in the eye.  Somehow he could sense that my inner fire was blazing too hot and I was uncomfortable from the heat.  Thankfully, it wasn’t yet charring me to the point that I needed to run to the creek to cool down.
Hopefully I wouldn’t need to do that at all tonight…
“We can’t swim so late at night, my little Boo-bear.  Heaven sleeps when the moon shines high in the sky.  We don’t wanna wake him up…” I whispered to him and he walked outside so he could stare at the moon.
“Heaven sleeps…” he whispered reverently with a look of wonder glowing in his eyes.
“See the moon shining bright?  That means all ducks are sleeping…”
“I see the moon.  It’s orange and yellow…” Boo informed me.
“No Sweetie, the moon is silver and white.  Heaven sleeps when the moon shines bright,” I repeated myself so he would understand.
We spent another few rounds discussing the color of the moon.  I was having a difficult time convincing him that it was white.  He told me the moon is on fire and it’s waiting on me.  Boo was so adamant in his belief that I finally decided to just agree with him.  I did manage to convince him however, that ducks sleep when the moon shines bright – regardless of whether it’s on fire or not.
My brother had remained outside with us during our celestial discussion.  After I agreed with my little Boo-bear, I persuaded him that it was time for him to take a bath.  He led me back inside and then told me once again that the moon was waiting for me.  I promised him that I would do anything for the moon so he didn’t have to worry.  That seemed to make him feel better.
After hugging me, he ran toward the guest bedroom.  Rave and Celeste had to jump out of his way.  He was completely focused on getting to whoever their company was obviously.  I could hear Boo tell someone all about the moon and how Heaven’s asleep.  I heard two sets of footsteps coming down the hall as he led their guest into the living room.
“Wow, you’re amazing with him…” a quiet female voice spoke to me as she entered the room with Boo.
I smiled in the direction of her voice, although I still couldn’t see her.  She was obscured by the shadows in the hall.  My brother was standing behind me.  That meant he couldn’t see her either.  It wouldn’t matter though because suddenly, he rushed past me.  He wrapped his arms around the tiny stranger as she finally stepped into the living room to join us.  He lifted her feet off the floor as he gave her a hug.  The small girl was swallowed inside his embrace so I couldn’t see what she looked like.  They held each other for a very long time as the rest of us stood and stared in wonder.  Eventually Tray set her back down so I could take a look at her.
She reminded me of a beautiful, mythical elf.  Her olive colored complexion sparkled from glittery dusting powder.  She had black, medium length hair that was wavy and tousled down her back.  Gypsy ribbons with crystals dangled from a few of the strands.  I estimated that she was only about two inches taller than me and had a very small frame.  Her crystal blue eyes reminded me of something magical.  She was certainly the most enchanting gypsy I had ever seen.
“Carolina!” Tray announced and I thought that was her name.
“Florida!” exclaimed the stranger and hugged Tray again.
I stood there in confusion and tried to decipher what was happening.  Tray must know Carolina from somewhere – probably Florida?  Some of my memories had returned, but her face and her voice weren’t among the ones I had retrieved.
Tray and the pretty elf-girl looked at each other for a few minutes without saying anything else.  Then they asked the same questions you would asked anyone that you hadn’t seen in years.  They talked simultaneously, stopped and then started again.  I had never seen my brother quite so ‘alive’ before and I thought my heart might burst from happiness.
This elf-girl knew a part of my brother’s history and I wanted to get to know her.  She obviously understood a side of Tray that I didn’t.  The side she knew about was something warm and fun because he smiled and laughed as they spoke.  Carolina blushed and laughed in response.
They must be friends from another lifetime…
It was clear that the Jansens’ had no prior indication that their elf-girl knew Tray.  They sat down beside me on the couch and watched with interest as the two friends caught up with each other.  After an unknown amount of time, Tray stopped talking to her.  When he paused he looked at me and realized that I have no clue who this beautiful elf-girl is.  Carolina started talking to me before Tray could make the introductions.
“Oh my goodness – my baby, Ember – you’re so big now…” she announced happily.
I just stared at her in awkward silence and tried to decide how to respond.  I didn’t know whether I should pretend to know her too or ask her the famed “who the flip are you, pretty little elf?” question.  I couldn’t seem to make a choice so I sat like a socially awkward moron and hoped that someone would eventually tell me her name.
“She looks just like you!” Carolina exclaimed and then she covered her mouth with her hands in surprise as she announced this fact to Tray.
“No way, she’s much prettier than me,” Tray offered and laughed.
“Ember, this is my niece, Willow…” Celeste finally offered her name, but that didn’t help me in the least.
I think I would remember a name as unusual as ‘Willow’.
“Of course, you don’t remember me Sweetie.  The last time I saw you – you were um, about four or five years old, right?” she questioned Tray.
“She was seven,” Tray replied.
“Well, you’re positively gorgeous…” she said excitedly and then I remembered that she’d said I looked just like Tray.
I carefully watched my brother for signs of affection when he interacted with her.  He joked around with Willow and they talked like they had never been apart.  Tray was ‘readable’ though, when he was relaxed.  It appeared that the affection he shared for Willow was a close friendship.  I desperately wanted it to be closer.  I continued to listen to their conversation and wished to see something more…

Chapter Forty Eight

“Willow’s parents are going to be guests of the county for at least twelve months.  My niece is way behind in her school work.  I was hoping you might consider tutoring her.
“I believe Willow should enter the same grade that Tray’s currently enrolled in.  That should make her feel more comfortable about the situation.  She’s never been inside an actual school or seated in a classroom to my knowledge.
“I would be willing to pay you an hourly wage – the same rate as Tray, in fact.  Willow is a very fast learner.  Three weeks should be plenty of time to familiarize her with the course work,” Celeste commented.
“I’d be happy to do it, but why didn’t you ask Tray?” I inquired.
“He is busy with Rave in the garage – holiday tune ups and the like – besides, Tray told me about your intellectual abilities.  I understand that he would have failed his English class without your assistance,” she stated.
“My brother did utilize my assistance in English.  But his declaration of complete failure is a gypsy stretch of epic proportions.  In fact, I had only provided him with assistance because he hates researching anything.
“But, I’d love to earn some holiday gift money.  So, yes…and, I’d be happy to help,” I told her.
I would tutor Willow every day for a few hours until she was up to speed.  When we sat down at the table for her first session I asked her how she learned information.
“Umm, like everyone else I guess,” she answered me and looked at me as if I had thoroughly confused her.
“I’m sorry, let me rephrase that.  I meant do you learn through talking, reading or hands on stuff?” I inquired.
“I suppose through talking.  I do enough of it, at least,” she replied and then giggled.
We worked on English first.  I spoke the lessons out loud and then asked her to repeat what she had heard.  Willow could recite everything I stated, word for word.  She had some seriously extraordinary skills in the listening department.  She was caught up with Tray’s class in less than two weeks because of those abilities.  I wished that she could teach me her skill but sadly, I knew my faulty memory would make that an impossible feat to accomplish.
“So you knew Tray back when you were kids,” I asked Willow during a break one afternoon and snickered.
I couldn’t imagine my brother ever being little.
“Yeah, we would meet up occasionally.  Our families would cross paths for a few days, and then one or the other would move on.  The first time we met was at a state fair.  I didn’t realize we were engaged in a game of hide and seek – massive terror style.  I was walking through the dark midway.  I thought I was alone because it had been closed for hours.  Your brother was hiding underneath a ride, waiting to pounce.  He jumped outta the shadows and scared the beejeezus outta me.
“Well, he thought it was hilarious and I didn’t.  So I refused to tell him my name when he tried to introduce himself to me.  My refusal certainly didn’t stop him from pestering me to tell him.  By the time my family was ready to move on, he still hadn’t discovered what to call me.  So Tray decided to just name me Arkansas since that’s what state we were in at the time.
“My family left that state fair first and we found a carnival to follow around.  It just so happens that your family caught up with us a few weeks later in Atlanta.  I saw Tray wandering around, talking to the carnies.  As luck would have it, he didn’t see me.  So I decided that night to get a little payback and hid behind this enormous clown statue with a crazy mirror in its tummy.  I waited for him to check out the fun house after hours, because I knew he couldn’t resist it.
“Although I knew his name, I decided that it didn’t count.  It wasn’t part of our game, so I wasn’t about to call him Tray – not by a long shot.  He was standing in front of the mirror, making faces at himself when I jumped out from behind it and shouted, ‘Hi Georgia – nice to see you again…’  He almost fell over backwards, it was hilarious.  It didn’t take him long to recover and then, he complained about the name I’d given him.
“His complaints fell on deaf ears.  You see, he was the one who invented the name game, so I singlehandedly decided that I would get to make up all the rules.  I told him whoever saw the other person first got the new state name.  Your family left that carnival since mine had been there first.  A month later we were – um, how should I put it – kindly asked us to leave the place we were working.  We happened across your family again, this time in New Jersey.  I’m one-hundred percent positive that Tray saw me first, but he patiently waited until I ‘found’ him.  Seems he preferred to be known as Jersey instead of Georgia – go figure??
“Our lives sort of continued on that path.  We’d meet up at various locations from time to time.  The name game continued as always.  We also made up another one over the course of the years.
“The new game we invented was like a personal treasure hunt we designed for each other.  We would leave cryptic messages for each other everywhere we went.  They were always in different places.  So every time we went somewhere new, we’d both search through every square inch to find the hidden messages.
“Then, one day you appeared on the scene with your brother.  You were the tiniest thing I’d ever laid my eyes on when Tray carried you over to meet me.  He named me Texas because he saw me first.  When I announced that I was gonna call you lil’ Texas he said ‘you can call her Carolina Blue since she was born in the Tarheel state’ – a.k.a. the fine state we’re sitting in.  You couldn’t have been more than a month or two old when we had that conversation.  When’s your birthday?” she asked me.
“February 15th…” I replied, enthralled with her story.
I never knew I was born in North Carolina.
“You woulda been about two months old because it was around April before we saw each other that year.  Eventually, he learned my real name, but the game plays on.  I’ll admit I was shocked when I saw him again.  He was always big for his age, but he’s the size of a small giant now,” she stated and smiled with a look of longing in her eyes.
I wondered if she missed her family.  I planned to ask her a few thousand more questions, but Tray picked that moment to step inside.  Her full attention was immediately redirected and our conversation was over – at least for the time being.
I told Celeste that I needed to stop tutoring Willow.  Otherwise, she would start ahead of the class.
Before Tray and I left that evening, she handed us each a white envelope.  I sniffed it like it was a delicious meal – ahhhh…my first, earned paycheck.
“Hey, don’t get used to that kiddo.  You’re not gonna be working – gotta give you that childhood, remember?” he stated with a bitter edge to his voice.
I remembered our conversation about his only regret in life and my heart tore a little.  I reached over and hugged him.  I love my brother.
“You are definitely the breadwinner and I’m having a fantastic childhood,” I announced happily.
He kissed me on the top of the head before I slid back into my seat.  I was having a wonderful life and my brother was the reason why…
“You know, Tray, I love you.  You’re the best big brother anyone could ever have…” I said quietly and felt a lump form in my throat.
“I love you right back, Little Girl,” my brother smiled and turned up the radio for me to listen to.

Chapter Forty Nine

The day before Christmas Eve dawned cold and snowy.  I hadn’t looked inside my white pay-envelope yet, wanting to be surprised.  I was entirely focused on how to go shopping for Tray’s gift without him knowing anything about it.  The biggest challenge I faced was getting a ride.  My brother didn’t trust anyone to drive me, except the Jansens.  I didn’t want to inconvenience them.  With Willow just moving in, they were trying to get their household back in order.  I considered asking Krista and Greg to take me shopping, but I couldn’t bring myself to lie to Tray.  I knew the only way to ride with Greg was without permission.
The garage was very busy this time of the year.  Tray was scheduled to be in at 7:00 a.m.  On the ride over, I still couldn’t formulate any type of scheme to secretly go shopping.
Boo was excited to see me arrive so early.  After we ate breakfast, we went to the creek.  It was freezing cold outside, but my internal fire sizzled incessantly.  I still couldn’t figure out why it chose to scorch me alive sometimes.  I was getting use to its temperature, and the frigid winter weather felt heavenly to me.
I had been playing at the creek with my Boo-bear for over an hour when I saw Willow walking up the path.
“Hey Carolina Blue, you wanna head to the Asheville Mall with me?  I can’t keep sitting around looking at the walls.  I’m not used to all this indoor, family time stuff yet,” she informed me.
Boo was absorbed in his own world, so he didn’t reply when she asked him to join us.  I waited to see if she would get annoyed at being ignored.  She bent down in front of him, looked him in the eyes and then, kissed him on the top of his head.  A smile flashed across his face before he resumed playing.
Saying goodbye to him, I excitedly accepted her invitation.  We walked back down to Sunridge together and I crossed my fingers.  Hopefully, Tray believes my life will be safe with Willow behind the wheel.  That’s what it all came down to anyway…
“You know why they call him Boo?” she asked me.
I shook my head.
“From the time he became mobile, he would hide in various places.  Sometimes it would take a while to find him – he’s excellent at hiding.  Every time they would discover his hiding place they would say “boo.”  So you have to be careful about nicknames.  They have a tendency to stick around whether you want them to or not…” she continued talking.
I was stunned and couldn’t seem to focus on the rest of what she saying.  I had that identical thought in reference to Greg the first day he arrived at school.  I had been concerned that my ‘mystery guy’ nickname would stick with him, but I had never voiced my worry to anyone.  Willow had just repeated my thought, out loud.  It sent a wave of chills through me…
Tray’s facial expression twisted in indecision when I asked him for permission to go shopping.  He didn’t reply right away and I prepared to ‘pout him into submission.’  Before I could accomplish that, Willow started talking.
“Oh my heaven help me Florida, I’ve never even had a speeding ticket in my whole life.  I’ve been driving since I was eleven years old, as I’m sure you remember,” Willow offered and sounded a little offended.
“Well…” he said then hesitated.
“Surely you’re not gonna make me and Ember go all alone into the bloody warfare of the big city mall this time of year.  That’s unbelievable!  We’ll certainly be killed by those pushy sale’s people and they’ll be bent on our mall-shoppin’-destruction.  I guess I can understand your hesitation though.  You must have heard about the mall’s newest holiday policy?  It’s called ‘shop and spend’ or you’ll end up dying, empty handed.
“So we obviously need bullet proof vests and a very big stick, if we’re gonna go anywhere near it.  Or even better, why don’t you just come with us?  I’m sure those militant sale’s people won’t exact a murderous plot designed for our immediate annihilation with you standing right there to scare the beejeezus outta em’…” Willow told him, dramatically.
I had to cover my mouth quickly in order to stop myself from laughing.
“That’s real comical, Carolina,” my brother responded.
“Come on mighty protector of the shopping deprived.  I’ll even let you drive,” she stated overdramatically and then started laughing too.
“You know I can’t go shopping right now.  I’m up to my eyeballs in oil changes.  What car will you be driving?” Tray inquired and I saw a small hope as it flickered in the distance.
“Uncle Rave said I could use his truck, but I can ask Aunt Celeste for the keys to her Volvo if you’d rather I drive the tank.  This is a shopping battlefield we’re going to, after all.  I better drive into it, prepared to fight,” Willow offered.
“You can go Ember, BUT call me when you get there and when you leave.  Also, do NOT wander away, for any reason.  You need to stay right with Willow everywhere she goes – just consider yourself surgically attached to her from the moment you leave Sunridge until you return,” he explained the conditions.
I would have been highly annoyed that he was treating me like a baby, but the fact was I did have a horrible tendency to wander away.  Everything in life holds a certain fascination for me so I’m easily distracted.
“I swear that I’ll stay right with Willow and not wander away,” I promised.
Tray told me to wait by the car (not in it) while he discussed things with Willow in private.  They stepped into the garage.  When she finally walked out to the car, she looked slightly amused.  Willow must have some mega skills in the patience department because their discussion lasted thirty minutes.  He must have listed every last ‘Ember’s general public survival’ instruction he had ever made up.
“Your brother doesn’t let you outta his sight very much, huh?” Willow asked me as she turned on the car and shook her head in wonder.
“In his defense, I’ve scared him more than a few thousand times in his life.  So sadly, he has a very justified reason to be worried…” I replied.
“I can’t imagine that – you don’t strike me as a wild type of kid,” she commented.
“I’m not wild – just sort of lost.  I get distracted by, well, almost everything.  Tray’s saved my behind more times than I can count.  I wish I could say that I’ve saved his too at some point, but he’s always chasing me down rabbit holes or up trees.  That’s where all his trouble comes from.  It’s kind of pathetic, now that I’ve said it out loud…”
I felt my face flush as that pitiful realization swept through me.
“My Aunt tells me you’re very gifted in channeling abilities.  You’re lucky to have her as your teacher.  She’s incredibly powerful and has a tremendous amount of knowledge in the ways of our bloodline.  She and my mom are both unbelievably skilled in spiritual channels.  I personally prefer to channel through Ay’sha dances…” Willow explained.
“Celeste hasn’t taught me anything about channeling through dances…” I said in fascination.
“I sort of think Uncle Rave might be uncomfortable with her channeling through gypsy dances.  That’s just a guess though…” she offered cryptically.
Willow drove into the packed parking lot at the mall.  Then she turned off the engine, pulled the keys out of the ignition and put her hand on my thigh.
“I don’t make promises and break them.  I vowed to your brother I’d bring you back the same way or better than I took you.  You’ll stay with me – right by my side – the whole time we’re in here.  Clear?”
“Crystal clear,” I replied with a smile.
My internal fire burned at a low flame as I walked through the parking lot, but when I stepped inside the mall it suddenly blazed into an inferno.  It felt like the fire was being fanned from some unseen volatile source.  I grabbed my chest like I was having a heart attack.  I had no idea how to stop the raging internal incinerator from burning me alive.
My inner fire hates this environment…
“Oh, no you don’t…you promised to stay right with me, remember?” Willow stated as she turned back in my direction when she realized I had stopped, dead in my tracks.
My head swam around violently in sick little circles.  I could see stars dance around the edges of my vision.  All I managed to squeak out was “oh heaven…” and then the world went black – I passed out from the overwhelming pain.
When I finally woke up from my reverie Willow was kneeling down beside me.
“Can you speak?  What’s wrong, Ember?  Oh my goodness Sweetie, are you sick or something?  Why didn’t you tell me you were feeling ill before we left?  Do you need some water?  Hey you, stop standing there like a speechless moron and bring us some water right now…” Willow yelled at some poor, unsuspecting boy and he ran in the direction of a food vendor.
Willow was panicked and her voice echoed around loudly in my head.  I grabbed her arm and told her that I was okay, just a little dizzy.  She looked at me like I was lying about it though.  Then, I was the one who panicked.  I instantly put my hand against my face to check and see if it was on fire.  My thoughts turned to that day in the cafeteria when I got so angry over the dark clique spaghetti prank incident.  Although my face felt warm to the touch, it didn’t feel like it was sunburnt.  I sighed in relief.
“Oh heaven help me, you should have told me you have issues with low blood sugar,” she exclaimed and watched me as I sat up.
“I didn’t know I had any blood sugar issues at all…sorry…” I replied and sounded weak.
My internal fire continued to torch my insides for another minute before it finally smoldered back into a gentle flame.  My pulse pounded wildly as my heart desperately tried to pump blood through the fiery furnace that my body had become.
“Wow that was crazy.  I vow to always listen to every last word your brother speaks, from now on.  Wait, I’ll never admit that to him…so never mind.  You really scared the living beejeezus outta me!”
“I’m good at doing that in case Tray didn’t tell you…” I replied humorously and then repeated my apology.
“You don’t have to apologize for being sick, Sweetie.  Just walk over here and you can sit for a few minutes.  We can leave right now if you need to go back home,” she moved me to a bench and I shook my head no.
The onlookers moved out of our way, but continued to stare at me like I was the best sideshow happening at the mall today.  Before I had time to freak out about the crowd, I noticed the beautiful twinkling lights along with the festive music playing over the sound system.  Then I watched nervously as the double doors opened and the wind brushed by me.  I felt my spirit light rise and it warmed my insides on its journey – as if I need any more internal heat…
I grabbed Willow by the hand and ran through the onlookers.  I didn’t stop until I couldn’t feel the breeze anymore.  I backed up against the cinderblock wall, breathless and anxious.
“Well, I did say I wanted some excitement today, but holy heaven you’re trying to put me in the hospital!” Willow exclaimed and then doubled over as she tried to catch her breath too.
“I can’t control my spirit light yet – at least, not very well.  Between the music and the wind blowing in from outside, I could feel it rising.  I’m pretty sure the crowd would’ve tripped out if I suddenly started to illuminate like a Christmas tree bulb…”
“You command a spirit light??  That’s incredible…”
A bunch of shoppers paid us a nervous glance, but they continued to walk away.  I would have responded to her, but then I remembered something critical.  I yanked out my cell phone to call Tray.  He answered before the end of the first ring.
“We’re here,” I said, casually.
“Where’s here exactly?” he questioned me.
“We’re standing inside the Asheville Mall and I can see a sign for Game Stop from where I’m standing.  Everything’s absolutely fine…” I told him and silently added the word “now” at the end.
“Okay, lemme talk to Carolina,” my brother demanded and I handed the phone to Willow with a pleading look in my eyes.
If she spoke one single word to Tray about my crazy fainting spell, then our shopping trip would be over.  He would either drive here like a maniac and come barreling into this building like a bull in a china shop, or demand that she deliver me back to Sunridge for a proper ‘Ember-inspection.’
“Hey, hey Florida,” she sounded perfectly normal.
“Sure did…you worry too much…got it…gonna shop now…we’ll be back in a few hours…yes…I don’t know…gotta scoot…toodles…” I listened with fascination to her end of the conversation and then, she handed me back the phone.
“Don’t stay out too long.  Stay away from any doors that lead to the outside.  Focus on the things in the stores or on Willow.  Don’t listen to the music that I hear playing.  Call me immediately if you’re in trouble…” he kept me on the phone for another five minutes as he listed his instructions.
Attempting to interrupt him would be useless.  So I stood and listened while Willow watched in abject wonder.
I nodded my head in agreement with every issued command.  Tray couldn’t see my gesture through the phone, but I couldn’t get a word in edgewise.  So that was the best I could do.  My brother finally wound down long enough for me to assure him that I would be fine.  I hoped that was true.  I even managed to tell him that the stores would be closing soon so I needed to go.  That was definitely true.
Willow and I walked around the overly populated mall.  She wove in and out of the crowd easily and held my hand anytime we were in the main hallways.  I turned into a nervous wreck anytime we walked by an outside entrance.
I saw the perfect shirt for Krista and pulled out my pay envelope.  I wanted to see if I had enough money to purchase it.  I almost fainted again when I discovered how much money was in it.  Celeste said they would pay me the same hourly wage as they pay Tray.  I pulled out the bills and they totaled $2000.00!  She must have given me a bonus because Tray had never brought home $2000.00 for forty hours’ worth of work.  I made a mental note to chat this up with my brother.  I couldn’t call him and ask him about it now or he would discover what I was up to.
We had only been shopping for two hours, but he had called me fifteen times already.  I bought gifts for Elizabeth, Boo, and the Jansens’.  I also managed to slyly purchase some earrings for Willow while she wasn’t looking.
We had plans to shop until the mall closed, but when we arrived at Sears fate would intervene.  I found a complete set of Craftsman mechanical tools along with a toolbox for Tray.  Still having money, I decided to buy him a few extra sets.  I had no idea that so many tools even existed in the world.  I stood in the crowded aisles and stared at the massive selection like a mindless moron.  My Ember vs. the Craftsman tool sets ‘stare-down-session’ netted me nothing at all.  I had no idea which ones would be useful.  So I finally asked the older gentleman who was working in that department to assist me.
“I’m looking for automobile and truck mechanic related junk.  Oh my goodness, that didn’t come out right at all.  I’m sorry…” I told him and he tried to hide his laughter.
Willow didn’t try to hide hers though.  She almost fell over in hysterics.
The salesman carried the additional sets of tools to the counter.  I was thrilled with my purchases as he rang them up.
It turns out that a metal toolbox and a bunch of tools are very heavy.  Sadly, I had never held a tool in my hand before that moment, so I was unprepared for this ridiculous contingency.  The tools felt like three tons of steel.  I couldn’t lift them, and neither could Willow – curses.
Our car was parked on the opposite side of the mall.  We both started laughing at the absurdity of this ‘over-the-top-forklift-necessary’ situation.  I wanted to do something special for Tray, and these would fill the bill nicely.  Surprise-surprise though, they would be stuck in Sears until he came to pick them up.
“I can just hear it now!  Hey Tray, I have a fabulous, super special gift for you waiting at the store…” I stated and couldn’t finish saying anything because I was out of breath from laughing so hard.
“You weren’t planning on carrying all those tools through the mall were you?” a familiar sounding voice stated from behind me.
I couldn’t stop laughing long enough to respond though.  Eli walked over to us and looked at me like I was a raving lunatic.  I nodded my head to affirm that we did, indeed plan on carrying these tools all the way through that mall.  His comment served to renew our laughter.  We didn’t consider just driving the car around and asking the nice Sear’s salesman to carry the tools and the toolbox to the car for us.  Eli had no idea what we found so hilarious, but both Willow and I were laughing so hard we were in tears.
“I’d offer to help you ladies carry them through the mall, but maybe we should work smart – instead of hard,” Eli offered in the way only a guy like him (good looking and – from the looks of his clothes and shoes – wealthy) can.
He was entirely smug and slightly condescending, but his suggestion would turn out to be quite helpful.
“That’d be great,” I stated between fits of laughter.
By the time I had gotten myself somewhat back under control, Eli was directing the whole show.  He ordered the Sear’s employee to bring my purchases to the west entrance for pick up.  Then, he directed Willow to bring the car around after he pointed out the proper entrance.  I watched in shock as he barked orders to everyone and wondered how someone so young could be so incredibly demanding.
Willow stood back and gazed at Eli with intense interest.  I couldn’t read her facial expression.  It reminded me of something, but I couldn’t quite put my finger on it.
The volume of the Christmas music seemed to grow louder and I found myself briefly enthralled by the melody.  My mind started to wander until Willow made a slight coughing noise to interrupt my reverie.
“Oh, I’m so sorry.  Eli, this is Willow.  Willow, this is Eli Weston, our sophomore class president and one of the school’s best journalists…according to the editor,” I stated.
I had added the extra compliment because I didn’t have any idea what Willow’s last name was.  I knew it couldn’t be Jansen, but that didn’t help matters much.  Eli extended his hand and Willow shook it quickly although she didn’t say anything to him.  He kind of smiled and then turned his attention back to me.
“Willow you can bring your car around and I’ll wait here with Ember…” Eli told her with, what sounded to me like, a nervous tone in his voice.
“Ember and I will be around shortly.  You don’t mind waiting at that entrance for us – I’m sure…” Willow said sweetly, as she took me by the hand.
“Uh, sure…” Eli replied, not quite knowing how to respond to her.
I thanked him and we walked back through the massive crowd to the other side of the mall.  We had to park near the back of the lot and traffic was horrible.
“Is he a good friend of yours?” Willow asked me, suspiciously.
“Eli, no – we just met.  He seems alright though – very goal oriented and driven for someone his age…”
I didn’t know him well enough to give her any more information.  Tray called me twice before we finally worked our way back to the car and sounded very relieved when I told him we were leaving the mall.  I loudly informed him how bad traffic was so he would know that it might take a few minutes just to get out of the parking lot.  I told him not to worry and then he exclaimed, “That’s never gonna occur, not in this lifetime at least!”
Eli was waiting inside the west entrance of Sears along with the employee who had assisted me.  They had two shopping carts filled with the stuff I had purchased.  I thanked the nice salesman and then, tipped him ten dollars.  I had no clue if that was standard practice, but I decided better safe than sorry.
The music from inside the mall was being played over the outside speakers.  Then the wind lifted the loose strands of my hair and my spirit light responded by twirling around inside me.  I focused with all my might and managed to contain it inside.
Eli talked to me as he watched the salesman load the items into the Volvo.  I tried to pay attention to what he was saying, so I could respond appropriately.
My inner fire blazed into life in response to the music and wind.  Suddenly, it was a mutiny inside.  My spirit light blended with my internal furnace.  I struggled to stand upright and not double over in pain.  Their combination turned my body into an unearthly inferno.
“Thanks, Eli I appreciate your help,” I said in a strained voice that I hoped he wouldn’t perceive.
“Would you and Willow like to go get something to eat – my treat?  We could go anywhere the two of you would like…” he asked with a look of anticipation in his eyes, and then he glanced over to Willow who was sitting in the car.
It finally occurred to me that he must really like her – she’s very pretty.  Hmmm, another guy showing interest in her might prompt my brother to pay attention…
I started to seriously consider his offer because Tray could just meet us wherever we were going.  The celestial flames burning inside me would have no part of that plan.  They scorched me, once again.
“Can’t tonight, but maybe we’ll take a rain check…” I offered and listened as my voice finally cracked from the pain.
“Sure, can I call you later?” he asked and retrieved his cell phone from his pocket with the intention of getting my telephone number.
That was all the suffering I could stand for the night.  I yanked my car door open and fell into the passenger seat.
“We’ll talk later.  Thanks again – bye, Merry Christmas,” I stated and then, closed my car door before Eli could say anything else.
Tray would have annihilated me if I had given Eli my cell number.  I didn’t want to give him our home phone number either.  His very apparent crush and plans to go out with Willow would just have to wait until next semester.  The inner fire died quickly once I was inside the car.  I closed my eyes and leaned my head against the headrest.  We inched forward and waited on our turn to exit the parking lot.  When my phone rang, I just handed it to Willow.  She appeased my worried brother.
I rubbed my chest and wondered idly if the internal heat had cracked my ribs.  I could still feel the surging warmth through four layers of clothing.
The fire rages…deep inside my soul…

Chapter Fifty

The Casino Royale party was in full swing when Tray and I arrived.  Krista pointed out where everything was located before she went to greet more guests.  My brother went to the bar to get us a drink.
I walked around and listened in amusement as some of Elizabeth’s female friends talked about Tray.  They were all old enough to be his grandmother, so I had to battle the urge to laugh when they called him a ‘turbo-charged hottie.’
Krista was wearing the outfit that was almost my downfall.  My eyes widened in surprise because I didn’t remember it being quite so revealing when I wore it.  Tray exchanged a knowing glance with me.  I realized with horror that I’m a little taller than my best friend.  The skirt would have been even shorter on me.  I felt a major meltdown coming on, so I quickly shoved those thoughts aside.
Elizabeth introduced me to a game called Blackjack and then, she left me at the table.  Once I understood how to play, I started counting the cards.  I had never gambled before, so I had no idea I was cheating.  It felt more like strategy.
When Krista’s grandmother noticed my ‘Ember-generated’ lucky streak, she called me aside.  Taking me into her husband’s din, she explained that little tidbit of information.  I blushed and apologized, immediately.
“Sweetie, it’s only cheating if you get caught.  The fact that you did only means you’re innocent – that’s a good, good thing.  You’re like my Krista, kind and innocent.  But, you wouldn’t know it by looking at her now – would you?” she stated, impishly.
I laughed because my best friend doesn’t look innocent at all in that outfit.
“Krista likes this boy – Gerald…Jeremy…”
“Greg,” I told her.
“Do you like him?” she sprang the question on me so fast I didn’t have time to fabricate anything.
“Yes, he seems like a nice guy,” I replied honestly and smiled.
“I didn’t like her first boyfriend.  He was self-centered and arrogant.  Krista tried to explain his bad behavior away – private school, wealthy parents, etc.  I didn’t believe it for a second.  That boy’s problem wasn’t being spoiled, he had a mean spirit.  Needless to say, I was happy when he moved away from this area.  I want her to find a good boy and I don’t want her to get hurt.”
“I promise I’ll keep a close watch for signs of Greg being a self-centered jerk and I’ll report my findings to you.  I won’t let her get hurt if I can possibly help it…” I told Elizabeth and she hugged me.
“That brother of yours, he’s available right?” she asked me.
Krista’s grandmother was obviously a matchmaker wanna be.  I was astounded because she wanted Tray and Krista to go out together.  Honestly, poor Krista had a large price to pay for being my friend.  Every guy on planet earth appears to be a self-centered jerk when they’re compared to my brother.
I decided to change the subject because I didn’t know how to respond.  So I asked her a few questions about her late husband.  She spoke so fondly of him.  We sat in the study and talked for half an hour before Krista finally found us.
“Greg’s here,” she announced to her grandmother and gave her a look like ‘please, please don’t embarrass me’.
We walked out into the living room so Elizabeth could meet Krista’s boyfriend.  I had butterflies dancing around for my best friend.
Please Greg, don’t make any nervous comments about Krista looking hot or something stupid like that…
Fortunately, he was polite and her grandmother seemed to like him.  Elizabeth even invited him back over to dinner on Sunday night to get better acquainted with him.  He smiled and accepted the invitation.  I couldn’t help, but notice how his nervous hand was shaking.
I renewed my resolve to not get involved in a romantic relationship until I graduated.  If tiny Elizabeth made Greg anxious, I could only imagine what some guy I brought home to Tray would do…
We exchanged our gifts with Krista and Elizabeth before Tray and I left the party.  Promising to wait until Christmas Day to open them, Krista and I swore it on the grave of our old Aunt Minnie Lou-Lou.  We have no idea who she is – we just use her name to seal our deals.
Tray and I planned to spend Christmas day at the Jansens’.  So, we decided to have our personal celebration the following morning on Christmas Eve.  We had invented our own silly traditions for the holiday.  We decorated the Suck Master with whatever ornaments we could find.  And, we also made each other cards.  They don’t have to be about Christmas.  However, they have to include an original limerick.  This year’s limericks are already waiting for us under the hose of the vacuum cleaner.
While we were at the party, Willow and Rave had delivered Tray’s tools and hid them in the storage shed for me.  I stayed up all night attempting to wrap everything.
I had to sneak outside at three in the morning and carry each set in, individually.  Tray is a light sleeper and being quiet isn’t my thing.  I managed to make enough noise to wake the dead.  But somehow he slept through it.
The sun was rising when I placed the last wrapped gift around our Suck Master tree.  Tray’s gifts filled half the living room.  I had somehow forgotten how heavy his gifts are and managed to trip over one.  Although I only stubbed one toe, the pain assaulted my entire foot.  I grabbed it instantly and I hopped around in a circle.
I didn’t cry out, but Tray must have still sensed that something was wrong.
“Ember, you okay?” he asked loudly from his bedroom.
“Oh, sure – just doing a Christmas dance…” I replied comically as I continued to hop around in a circle.
This action didn’t help the pain, but I couldn’t seem to stop doing it.  Tray’s footsteps were headed down the hallway.  Momentarily forgetting about my pain, I felt the anticipation.  I had never been able to buy him anything this big for Christmas.  He stopped in the bathroom and then, he stayed in there for a short eternity.
“You gonna come in here any time soon??  You’re missing my new traditional dance…”
I heard the water running.  That meant he was either washing his hands or taking a shower.  I simply couldn’t stand the anticipation any longer.  I hobbled toward the hall intent on dragging him on my back to the living room if I had to.  I suppose I could just pretend to collapse in the hallway.  Tray would definitely come running if I did that.  He finally walked out of the bathroom and stared at me in wonder.
“What are you up to?” he asked and then looked at me suspiciously.
“I told you already.  You’re missing my new traditional Christmas dance…” I replied and limped back toward the living room, being careful to avoid his gifts.
“Did you hurt your….” Tray prepared to ask me about my foot when he walked into the living room.
He looked like he was going into shock at first and then, his eyes lit up.  I watched a huge smile spread across his face as he realized what I’d been up to.
“Oh no way Ember…how’d you do this…what is all this??” Tray asked as he looked around at my very messy wrapping jobs.  “Wow kiddo you…well, you shouldn’t have…this is all…I don’t know what to say…”
“You don’t have to say anything just open them, already!  I’ve been up all night long and then, you took a year in the bathroom washing your hands.  So please don’t keep me waiting anymore – I can’t stand the suspense…” I told him, excitedly.
He ripped open gift after gift and thanked me every time.  I would have to get a job every Christmas because I have never felt so good in my whole life.  All the craziness, stress and drama of the past few months were miles away – even my inner fire seemed to enjoy my happiness.  It felt like nothing more than a gentle summer breeze warming me from the inside.
My brother placed the tools inside the compartments and drawers of the tool box.  He handed me my gift next.  It was wrapped with precision.  The bow was shimmery silver like the mist that surrounded me that day.  I didn’t want to open it because the wrapping paper was so beautiful.  He wouldn’t relent and forced me to open it regardless of my desire.  I removed the giftwrap carefully, so I wouldn’t tear the paper.  Nestled inside the box was the most gorgeous amethyst pendant necklace I had ever seen.  It also had three flawless ¼ carat diamonds surrounding it and a loop for adding charms.
A small gift tag on the inside read – “To my little girl – my sun light – my shining star – my beam of life – forever Tray”.  I didn’t try to fight back my tears.  I had never been given such a precious gift.  I knew I would treasure it forever as I sat there speechless.  Later, I would place the box, giftwrap and tag in my keepsake hat box.
“Oh wait, I almost forgot to give these to you…” he said and handed me three more small gift boxes.
Inside each one was a charm – a star, a sun and a moon.  He helped me put them on the loop and then, he fastened the necklace around my neck.
I plan to never take it off…

Chapter Fifty One

My Boo-bear seemed to enjoy the boxes his presents came in more than the actual gifts.  He would open a toy, pull it out and say ‘Heaven’s house’.  His stack teetered and fell over repeatedly, as he walked up the mountain side.  He refused to let anyone help him carry Heaven’s houses.  We all followed him up the steep incline.  Celeste was positively beaming.  This was the first Christmas that Boo had ever spoken or opened his gifts.
Once we reached the creek, Boo placed each ‘house’ along the bank.  It looked just like a small city of boxes.  He placed his duck inside one building at a time and would tell him where he was.  The rubber duck had a house on the moon, the sun, the big river and one in the ‘really old forest’.  Boo also gave Heaven a fire house, an army house and he even made him his very own Sunridge.  We watched him play in fascination as he placed toys cars and trucks in the garage for the duck to fix.
After an hour we finally managed to convince Boo-bear to leave the creek.  He held my hand as we hiked back down.  Celeste and Willow had made enough food to feed fifty people.  After the meal, the men offered to wash the dishes.  They disappeared into the kitchen and when they emerged it looked immaculate.
Well, I’m sure Tray figured out a clever way to avoid washing any dishes, so I quietly thanked Rave for washing them – he only winked at me and didn’t say a word.
They walked out to the garage once the kitchen was back in order.  Tray wanted to show his boss the tools I had given him for Christmas.  I had watched my brother carry the gigantic toolbox, with all the tools inside it, to our car this morning.  It flipped me out as I witnessed it because I knew how heavy they were.  My brother had lifted them like they weighed no more than a throw pillow.
Although it was only 7:45, I was already exhausted.  I tried to hide my yawns, but Tray noticed them.  He told them we needed to get home.  As we headed toward the door, we were saying “goodbye” and thanking each other.  I paid close attention to Willow and Tray’s exchange.  She hugged my brother and he whispered something to her, but it didn’t turn into anything else even though they were standing near some mistletoe.  They are obviously going to need my assistance…
“We saw Eli Weston at the mall.  He helped us load your gifts in the car.  I think that he likes Willow,” I said tentatively and waited to gage his reply.
“He walked you both to the car, huh?” he asked, suspiciously.
“No, he waited at the entrance of Sears for us to drive around.  He seemed really interested in Willow when I introduced them…”
“So, he loaded the stuff into the car…”
“Well, he kind of helped the salesman load it by telling him how to do it, but that’s beside the point.  He asked us both to go to dinner, so he could find out more about her…” I prompted him further.
“What’d you tell him?” Tray replied with another question – how annoying!
“We had to decline his offer that night because we promised you that we’d go straight home – no pit stops – no detours.  You should recognize the language because that’s a quote from you.  I was forced to give him a rain check because he wants to get better acquainted with her…”
My brother still infuriatingly refused to even slightly hint if he was jealous or worried.
“I love my gifts, Little Girl,” he told me.
Then, he tried to reach over and rub my head.  I managed to avoid it by sticking my head out of my opened window.  Tray immediately swerved into the middle of the road, so a tree wouldn’t decapitate me.
“Get your head back in here or I’ll stop and tickle you into submission!” he threatened.
Although I complied, the interior heated up like an oven in less than two minutes.  I watched him casually reach down and turn on the A/C.  He didn’t ask me anything about the crazy scorching heat and I didn’t offer him anything about it either.
I obsessed the rest of the ride home and tried to decide how to slyly bring back up the topic of his relationship with Willow.  I couldn’t figure out a way to do that without alerting him to my intentions.  It would sound like overkill if I said anything else about it tonight.  So I would just have to wait until tomorrow – a.k.a. an epically-gimonsterous-Ember-eternity – before I made another attempt to pry the information out of him.
All I wanted to do after my shower was go to bed.  My brother had other plans.  He called me into the kitchen.  I looked lovingly at my bed before I finally walked down the hall to see what he wanted.
“Whatcha need?” I asked while rubbing my tired eyes.
“A glass of water would be nice…I need a glass of water,” Tray stated casually and I looked at him like he had lost his mind.
“What??”
“Please…”
Tray was sitting at the kitchen table, doing nothing.  He also knew how exhausted I was, so his request was outlandish.  He wants me to get him a glass of water although he’s sitting less than three feet from the sink???
“I’ll cooperate with your insane nonsense just this once.  Fair warning though, I’m only gonna comply without protest because I’m half crazed from being so sleepy,” I added in a joking manner and walked over to the sink.
I grabbed a glass from the dish drainer and turned on the faucet.
“No, I want my glass,” Tray stated, sheepishly.
Maybe he and Rave had been smoking some kind of Vaydem lunacy ‘herbs’ today out in that garage?
I turned around and quickly surveyed my brother’s eyes to see if I could find any evidence of ‘herb usage’, but his eyes were perfectly clear.  They didn’t appear to be bloodshot or glassy.  Finally giving in to his insanity, I opened the cabinet to retrieve Tray’s special glass.  That’s when I saw another gift to me from my brother.  I also saw Krista’s gift and her grandmother’s gift that I had forgotten to open this morning.
“Tray!” I exclaimed.
He just smiled and tried to look innocent.
I opened his present first, because he asked me to.  It turned out to be an iPod.  Krista and Elizabeth had each purchased iTunes cards for me so I could start my music library.  I hugged my brother and squealed ‘thank you’ in his ear.  Then, I called Krista and her grandmother so I could tell them how much I loved my gifts and thank them.
Then, I thought of something disheartening.  I don’t have a way to download any music tonight.  We don’t own a computer and I wouldn’t know how to do it anyway.  I tried to hide my disappointment.  But, I should have realized that my brother would have planned for this contingency.  He turned on the iPod and it had three dozen songs on it.
“Krista said she’d put whatever you want on it…just make her a list…”
I hugged my brother again before I turned on the music and put the ear buds in my ears.  The music played all night long…

Chapter Fifty Two

I went to Ember’s room to check on her again.  The soft light of her alarm clock cast an eerie, red glow across her sleeping face.  I walked quietly over to the chair beside her bed, sat down and just stared at her.
Ember looked content – that was a rare occurrence, here lately.  I knew she loved all of her gifts, but the iPod made her especially happy.  As I traced the outlines of her face, I decided that I need to buy a good quality, easy to use camera.  That way I can take pictures and wouldn’t have to trace the outlines of her face.
Even as I thought it, I knew it would never work.  Even if I had a hundred pictures of her, I would trace her features and commit them to memory.  That’s our ritual and it won’t likely change.  We’ve also spent hours searching each other’s eyes – trying to see something beyond our spirits.  It’s almost like the Creator will reveal a secret to us through our constant gazing.  I sit and just watch her sleep sometimes, because I’ve lost her before.  The memory of her being robbed of her soul still haunts me.
Ember’s life has been very chaotic, recently.  That means mine has been, too.  So a romantic relationship with Willow would be a complicated undertaking.  It was easy to pick up on Ember’s subtle, yet not so subtle hints on the drive home.  But, I will have to let her sweat this one out.  I don’t know how things are going to play out between Willow and I.
She still hasn’t mentioned a single word about my disappearing act with Ember or all my years of silence.  It hurt to think about the years I had spent without her for more reasons than I could count.  The simple facts were I didn’t have anything to give her back then and running with us would have been extremely dangerous.  I figured that she would be better off without me in her life.  It was unexplainable, but Willow and I had picked right back up where we left off.  It was like we had never been apart.  Even our ‘code language’ survived the prolonged absence.
The thought that Ember wants me to date someone seriously had kind of tripped me out.  I figured that she would be upset at the possibility of coming in second place or having to compete with someone else for my attention.  I had watched her with fascination, over the past few days as she’s tried everything to get me hooked up with Willow.  That’s when I knew my assumption had been entirely incorrect.
Ember’s soul must somehow understand that I’m her Guardian for life.  So she will always have this place reserved in my heart for her alone.  Until recently, I didn’t think I could love anyone else – not in the way they deserved to be loved at least.  Ember keeps me near the brink of insanity most days.  I’m usually focused on her and trying to keep her safe from herself.  Most girls that are looking for a relationship wouldn’t appreciate how overly protective I am when it comes to Ember.
It’s almost impossible to explain the many facets of our relationship to outsiders.  She’s my sister biologically, but she’s actually my child.  I’ve raised her from the moment she was placed in my arms.  My parents decided their responsibilities ended with Ember, the moment she first drew a breath.  My Grandma Edie had helped me take care of her while she was alive.  But even my grandma knew that Ember was my kid.  She also told me that biology doesn’t make anyone a “parent.”  So, the reality is, I’m Ember’s dad.
Those are not the easiest things to convey to a new girlfriend.  She would likely see me as nothing more than a ‘too-protective/overly involved’ big brother.  Plus, a new romance takes a tremendous amount of energy.  A new girlfriend would expect lots of attention from me, too.  I don’t always have that much to give.
In fact, there’s a chance that any girl I might date would start to view Ember as an intrusion in my life.  That’s not the case, at all.  We are gypsies, so family means everything.  I have never, and will never, see my little girl as a burden.  She’s a labor of love – an intense one usually, but a labor of love all the same.
It would also be very difficult – or even impossible – to explain the Spiritual Guardianship part to someone.  This part of our relationship is usually more profound than I’m capable of understanding most days.  Even if I somehow could miraculously explain to a girl about my Guardianship connection to Ember, I wasn’t sure I could convince her that I consider her my daughter.
But, Willow is different from every other female that has ever been in my life.  She’s known me since we were kids, she’s spiritually gifted herself and she understands all the connections I share with Ember.
My grandma’s words about Willow also echo hauntingly through my mind.
“She is not like any other girl, little boy…you’ll understand my meaning…someday…”
My profound and extensive connections to my child don’t need any explanations – at least, where Willow’s concerned they don’t.  So I’m left rethinking my position on certain things.  I’m starting to discover that I probably have enough room in my heart to let a few more people inside.
This was the first Christmas season we had ever spent with two families we had chosen and who have chosen us too.  I had felt the weight of Ember’s protection lift from my shoulders today.  That’s actually never occurred before.  My little girl is safe and I can rest at least for one more night.  Tomorrow however, would be another day filled with anxiety.  She’s my priority and will continue to be since she walks into trouble without a single thought about doing it.  I will protect her with every resource I have at my disposal too.  It seems like the Creator will put me to the test on a daily basis.
Her hat box full of memories was sitting on her dresser.  She had pulled it out to include her new items.  I had paid the girl at the counter to wrap the box in the best paper and with the shiniest silver bow she could find.  I wanted it to be special if Ember was going to carry it with her for the rest of her natural existence.  That necklace cost a few grand.  Ember loves the box and wrapping paper just as much as the gift inside.  Sometimes I simply didn’t understand that child – make that most of the time, I didn’t understand her at all.
I had torn through my gifts with wild abandon.  It was pure pleasure to watch her, watch me.  I had to admit that making her wait for my arrival to the living room was a little bit mean on my part, but it was worth it.  I needed the extra few minutes to check my facial expressions in the bathroom mirror.  It’s important when getting ready for a stage performance to have a quick ‘dress rehearsal’ before the curtain opens.
While it was true, I loved my gifts – it was also true that I had been watching Ember when she bought them.  So I needed to be convincing when I opened the boxes.  I must have been convincing too, judging by her excitement.
Willow and I had a long, long history up until I ran away with Ember.  This means, she knows me very well.  I highly doubted that she believed I would let them both wander around unprotected – especially in a crowded mall, of all places.  Still, Willow must have had her own ‘dress rehearsal’ because she ‘acted’ like she didn’t know I was there.
Of course, there was never any chance of that happening – ever…

Chapter Fifty Three

It was highly annoying, but I couldn’t get Tray to reveal whether he had more than friend-type feelings for Willow.  I had hinted and subtly questioned him for days – still nothing.  Although we spent every day over at Sunridge during our holiday break, I couldn’t get Willow to cooperate with my potential relationship investigation either.  The more I saw them interact, the more I wanted to see them together.  I just had no idea how to make that happen.
That’s not very shocking considering I have never been interested in dating any boy.  So I was clueless about relationships in general.  Krista however, was a relationship expert and had an ability to read people.  We had been quietly plotting our initial strategy because I needed her assistance.
I placed Matchmaker on my “Careers to Have Before I Die” list…
That particular profession was one I wanted to successfully check off, soon.  It was very difficult for my best friend to help me, because she still hadn’t met Willow yet.  When we stopped by Sunridge to pick her up for school on January 2nd, I was no closer to having an answer or meeting my career goal either.  I was extremely worried because Eli Weston could mess up my Tray-Willow-relationship plan.  I couldn’t do anything about that particular relationship wrecking problem though because I had already introduced him to Willow.
Curses!
Tray spent the ride to school explaining all the joys of taking Shop Class to Willow.  She obviously knew that my brother was going to use his gift of obliteration so they could take the same classes.  She threatened him with an unsharpened pencil if he even tried to register her for that ‘testosterone fueled’ course.  I wondered if his gift would work on her.  Their Shop Class joys vs. certain death with the first broken fingernail debate continued as she walked into the administrative offices with him.  She ended up with Creative Writing during his Shop Class.  I guess either his obliterations don’t work on her or Tray relented.
Sadly, my celebrity status hadn’t vanished.  So I spent most of the morning complimenting everyone’s new clothes, shoes and jewelry in between classroom changes.  When the lunch bell finally rang, I ran to the cafeteria.  I had been waiting all day for Krista to be able to scope out Tray and Willow.  I desperately needed her take on the situation.  We had spent the last few days plotting a scheme.  I would get them both talking and she would watch them closely for signs of romantic potential.
Somehow, I had managed to forget that everything in my life has been falling to pieces lately…
Willow and Tray were waiting for me outside the lunchroom, so we could walk in together.  My brother was still on high alert anytime I get near the cafeteria.  Everyone we walked by wanted to be introduced to Willow – well, except the dark clique.  I was relieved when I realized they wouldn’t be welcoming her, because she was walking with the hulk.  Willow was polite and smiled at everyone, but she looked overwhelmed by the prospect of remembering the several hundred names and faces.  Tray looked around cautiously, like he was ready to react if necessary.  I wondered as we worked our way across the lunchroom if my brother would ever relax again in this cafeteria.
Five minutes later, we finally reached our table.  Then, fate would strike a blow against my matchmaking career goal.  I stepped up to my chair and was surprised to see Eli Weston sitting beside Greg.  I didn’t know whether to throw up or run away screaming.
Now, I will never get Krista’s take on their relationship potential and Eli would likely cash in his ridiculous rain check too – double curses.
“Hi, Eli you remember my brother, Tray and Willow, right?” I asked and hoped I hid my disappointment well enough.
“Sure, hi again, please sit down,” Eli replied.
He motioned to the available chairs and stood up until Willow and I were seated.  I wanted to scratch his dark brown eyeballs out.  From the look Krista gave me, she would be happy to assist me with that task.
How dare he act like this is his table and we are his chosen guests…
I knew it was petty and juvenile to think such a silly thought.  It’s not like we owned these chairs or something.  I had just worked hard to get things back to at least a semblance of normal around our lunch table, and Eli Weston wasn’t even close to that.  If I had expected any assistance from any of my other friends besides Krista, I would be disappointed yet again.
All the unattached girls at the table were drooling over Eli like they were a pack of starving wolves and he was fresh meat.  I suppose the guys were worried about me having another meltdown because they talked to Eli like he had always been a part of our group.
Will anything ever go right??
Willow chatted with everyone in her quiet and fun loving way.  Eli asked her questions and she responded with more than one-word answers.  Tray had his arm draped across the back of her chair, but he didn’t touch her in anyway.  He just sat there eating his fries and being ridiculously perplexing to me.
I had this brief, but compelling urge to stand on the tabletop, beat my chest like an untamed gorilla and scream at the top of my lungs.  Maybe that would make Eli exit my world because that little scene couldn’t possibly be good for his next political campaign.   I quickly decided against doing it because knowing my luck, he would use it to earn a Golden Globe or whatever that newspaper award was.  The headline would read Ember, the Real Psychotic Deal…
I’m learning that bizarre headlines and outlandish stories make people do the craziest things.  The crowd tends to imitate the madness.  I started laughing out loud at the thought of the dark clique pounding on their chests and screaming at the top of their lungs.  I figured Cat Girl would most likely hiss and spit because acting like a gorilla would offend her super delicate nature or pop her over-inflated push-up bra.
I was laughing so hard at that loony thought that my other friends joined in my tiny mental breakdown – unaware.  They didn’t know what I found so incredibly funny, but my laughter was contagious.
Only one good thing happened during that entire lunch period.  Eli didn’t try to claim his rain check.  I had waited all morning long for Krista’s insight and we had spent hours detailing our plans.  Sadly, all I had received for my patience and time was handsome, popular, perfect Eli Weston drooling over Willow.  Well, I also had a head full of pure madness, but that doesn’t really count.
I suppose there’s always tomorrow…I thought to myself in disappointment.
I should have remembered that tomorrow never comes…

Chapter Fifty Four

Celeste decided that I might be able to control my spirit light more effectively if I learned how to channel it through dance rituals.  She asked Willow to teach me instead of doing it herself.  Her decision made me believe that Willow was correct in her assessment.  Rave must not want his wife to perform channel dances.
Starting with the basics, Willow would stream her spiritual aura to me as she danced to the music.  The object was to imitate her dance steps and use the rising power to gently return her essence.  Her essence looked like a purple ball floating above her head.  The first time we played our game of toss the spiritual essence, I accidently knocked her over on my return.  She laughed it off, but cautioned me to focus on lofting her aura back to her instead of pitching it like a baseball.
I was nervous about attempting it again.  Her essence must have sensed my anxiety because it stubbornly refused her direction to stream to me.
“Ember, are you doing that?” Willow asked as I watched her light purple aura fade back inside her body.
“I’m sorry, but I’m just too scared.  What if I can only fast pitch?  You could get hurt…” I replied.
“You can loft it gently – I promise.  You have an unbelievable amount of channeling power and it needs to be released in a controlled environment.  If you’d been using your powers throughout your life…no wait, I can’t say that.  I have no idea how powerful you’d be if you’d been using all your skills throughout your life.  I do know you’re capable of controlling all of them.  If you weren’t, you’d be long since dead and we wouldn’t be standing here talking…”
“I’m really worried about your safety.  I thought I tossed it back gently, but it rocketed back with this crazy burst of energy.  It knocked you off your feet.  You’re so small that it could’ve killed you!  I need to practice this Ay’sha dancing stuff on something that I don’t have the potential to bruise or make bleed, for heaven sakes…” 
“You can’t allow fear to command you or it commands the channel.  All strong emotions can make the spiritual stream vault outta your control.  It’s hard to pull it back, withdraw it or stop it when that happens,” Willow explained.
“Then, we need to delay these channel dance lessons to another day or maybe never because I’m frightened…”
I wasn’t about to risk hurting her trying to learn Ay’sha dances.  Refusing to continue, I crossed my arms and started shivering.
“Wait, let’s try something else.  Florida…” Willow shouted for my brother
He walked around the corner of the garage – grimy, but handsome.  Are you paying attention oh teacher of mine…
“Hey, what’s up?” Tray responded.
“Help us out for a minute, please?” she asked him.
“Sure – whatcha need?”
“I need you to go stand behind Ember…”
Tray did as she asked.  Then, Willow positioned me so my arms were stretched up toward the sky and asked my brother to put his arms underneath mine.  It looked like Tray was going to help me catch a giant ball.
“Now, when I turn the music back on, Ember you will move and Tray you will feel the essence channel through her.  I don’t know what it’ll feel like, but you will feel it…” Willow instructed.
“You’re not planning on frying us are you, Carolina?  Burnt is not a good look for any of us…” he joked.
How true, how true… the fire gently flames inside me…
“Don’t tempt me, Florida!  Ssoooo….Tray I need you to help her by moving in unison with her.  That means your arms need to remain underneath hers.  I’m gonna loft my aura through the dance again and Ember, you and Tray will return it gently.  We’re gonna do it a few times.  I need you to only focus on the toss, so close your eyes.  Your vision seems to distract you, so just feel the rhythm of the song and move.  Your brother’s gonna help with the toss, so don’t be scared…” she instructed.
Then, she turned the music back on and I closed my eyes.  I wasn’t afraid as long as Tray was standing behind me.  I knew if things fell to pieces he would toss me over his shoulder and run like a maniac.  There’s no way he would ever let me destroy Willow.
I lifted my spirit light while I danced, but I contained it inside myself.  I could feel Tray moving in perfect rhythm behind me.  His spirit flowed through me somehow and I felt like I was floating.  It was so surreal.  Together, Tray and I caught the first aura ball from Willow.  I desperately wanted to open my eyes so I could witness what was occurring.  Tray must have somehow sensed what I was preparing to do because he said, “Don’t open your eyes Little Girl – you need to trust me…”
Continuing to keep my eyes closed, I lifted her essence into the air and tossed it back to her.  It must have been okay because Tray whispered “beautiful landing…”
I felt Willow’s essence as she tossed it back to me.  It floated down into my arms gently – like the world’s biggest beach ball.  Tray lifted my outstretched arms and the ball went sailing up into the air again.  We continue to toss the cosmic beach ball back and forth with Willow.  It felt like Tray was mirroring my every move although I had no idea how he was doing it.  It was as if we were conjoined spirits instead of two different people.
“Keep your eyes closed, Ember and feel the rhythm as it flows through you.  Tray slowly back away, but stay within her reach…” Willow guided him.
She must have realized I would open my eyes if he went too far away.  Even though I felt like I had it under control, I didn’t trust myself.  I felt my brother’s spirit retreat from my soul, but I could still sense it nearby.
“Now, feel the power of the dance and use it to draw on your spirit light…” Willow instructed and I obeyed.
I moved in time with the music as I streamed my spirit light.  I willed it to form into a beach ball like Willow’s essence.  My spirit light obeyed my direction because I could feel it bouncing lightly in my outstretched arms.  It was waiting for my command.
“Give the light to the sky…” Willow requested.
I lofted my spirit light skyward and waited breathlessly for its return.  It landed softly in my arms.  Tossing it two more times, I was finally beginning to feel comfortable with the energy.  I relaxed my eyelids, but kept them shut so I wouldn’t get distracted.  Willow asked Tray to take a few more steps back, so I could move more freely.
Although I could sense his reserve, his essence retreated further away from mine.  Once I knew my brother was a safe distance away from me, I shredded the beach ball in my mind and commanded the light to fan out in a big ribbon.  I reached out and grabbed the end of it.  The music responded as I spun the spiritual essence ribbon around my body by gradually increasing its volume.  The song was playing at an unearthly level by my third spin.
The ribbon of light diffused the music as it tried to pass through the spaces in between.  I felt my spirit light expand and contract as I willed it.  Then, the song changed on the stereo and the light changed with the tempo.  It followed the beat of the music.  I increased the velocity of my dance to match the new song.
My spirit light wove its way around my body.  It felt like a dress made out of fine mist.  The music seemed to wrap around the inside of the light somehow.  My inner fire responded to their powerful union by releasing its energy into my ribbon of light.  I didn’t even have to look to know that the silver mist was shimmering through the ribbon.
The silver mist is a part of me…
I lifted my arms and outstretched them toward heaven.  I wanted to give the combined essences back to the Creator of all things.  I didn’t feel worthy to embrace the light and the silver mist.  The blended essences swirled into a spiraling tornado.  I was standing inside the epicenter of their power.  They spun around me in a frenzied celestial storm.  Waves of pure euphoria began to ripple upward…
The joining of the light and the mist – ordained – a reverent union of powers…
I felt weightless as I embraced their combined energy.
Although I had no idea that gravity had released its hold on me, it returned to me with a vengeance.  I came crashing down to earth.  I opened my eyes instantly in shock.  I watched in amazement as my spirit light and the silver mist spilled back inside my chest to find their resting places.  My internal fire flamed into a wicked hot blaze before it settled back down.
Willow had her mouth covered because she was stunned by what she had just witnessed.  She looked like a marble statue of beautiful Elvin artwork.  Tray fell backwards onto the dead, wintery grass and exhaled loudly.
I somehow managed to sit up, but I had no idea what to say.  The silver mist was a part of me and I was overwhelmed by emotion.  I thought it had been taken from me in November – I had been wrong…
“Wow, I think you need to practice your dance skills for more than just an hour each day like we planned…” Willow finally spoke – her words were suspended in time.
“I know you need to practice them for more than an hour a day, but you are not allowed to practice the dance without me by your side.  I don’t have a trampoline handy anywhere around here and I haven’t sprouted wings yet.  Oh my Creator please help me, I sure hope I don’t end up needing them…” Tray announced and covered his face with his hands in exasperation.
Willow later revealed what happened.  They had both witnessed my spirit light blend into the silver mist as I danced.  As they spun together into a tornado, the sky appeared to open up.  When I reached up toward the heavens a radiant light streaked down from the sky.  The celestial storm of their union turned into a tunnel.  She said it looked like the Creator sent a tornado to deliver me back to him because I started to ascend toward heaven inside the unreal storm.
By the time Tray could move again, he had to jump straight up in the air, lock onto my ankles and use all his strength in order to force me back down to earth.  They were both terrified that I was being called away forever by the ethereal light.  I had bruises around each ankle that provided evidence – I was truly floating away…

Chapter Fifty Five

I had no need to visit my locker since we had returned to school from the holiday break.  And, I wouldn’t have needed to visit it now either if it weren’t for my Chemistry textbook.  I needed to alleviate the fifty pound burden from my backpack.  I had read the whole thing, but my teacher would question me if I left it in the classroom one more time.
It shouldn’t matter where my textbook was since I had already handed in two weeks worth of homework, but she gave me a suspiciously familiar look as I prepared to leave class today.  So I grabbed the textbook and decided it could just hang out in my locker until the end of the semester.
My locker was on the opposite side of the school.  This meant I had a long walk ahead of me.  I was thinking about how much progress I had made with learning Ay’sha channels and dances.  Two teachers meant twice the progress.  It was amazing to consider that I had just started my lessons back in November.  I could control my spirit light as long as my mind didn’t wander.  I could even direct its flow with or without music playing provided my attention was fully focused on it.  I had also learned how to direct a few basic spiritual channels.  My favorite one involved surrounding Tray with a celestial energy that tickled him – called interminable laughter.
It was hilarious to watch my huge brother surrender to me in a tickle-submission for a change…
Tray still refuses to allow me to channel through a dance without him being directly behind me.  I cautiously felt like I could control my essences and my spirit light.  I hadn’t floated away since my first dancing experience, but it would take some time before my brother would trust that I wouldn’t exit the world via wingless flight.
The silver mist was definitely a part of me although I couldn’t blend it into my spirit light or channels.  The silver mist remained locked deep inside my soul near my internal fire.  I tried to stream it, but I simply couldn’t control it.  I could still shred my spirit light, turn it into a ribbon dress, spin it and even make it dance.  The silver mist refused to join it again.
We had researched through the Ay’sha lore and legends searching for some type of information about the silver mist, but there was no information on it.  Rave permitted me to search through any Vaydem texts that were translated into English for a possible clue.  I still couldn’t find any reference to it.  I was obsessed with discovering something though and that made me riddle everyone with questions.  They didn’t have any answers to give me, but I couldn’t seem to stop asking.  Maybe I figured that eventually I would ask the ‘right’ question and it would jog their memory.
Although they were all very patient with my unending quest for answers they couldn’t provide, Celeste finally offered me something.  I think she provided it more out of desperation than anything, but at that point I would take what I could get.  She stated that it might be a combination of some type of elemental powers and spiritual essences.  That seemed unlikely because Ay’sha skills are not element based.  I had pestered Celeste relentlessly and I really needed to give her a break.  After all, she had never seen it.
I decided to keep attempting to call the silver mist forward as I learned new skills and channels.  Maybe, if I could get it to display in front of her, she might be able to tell me what it is.
I highly doubted that Tray would ever allow me to solo the dance again until we figured out what the silver mist is.  That particular thought made me happy.  Since Willow is my dance instructor – they were getting daily exposure to each other outside of the classroom.  So my dance education had that added benefit.  They both remained infuriatingly perplexing to me because they never provided the slightest hint if they liked each other as more than friends.
So Krista and I spent countless hours formulating plan after plan.  It was obvious that I still desperately needed my best friend’s take on my brother and Willow’s relationship because I couldn’t figure it out.  The biggest challenge we faced – we couldn’t seem to get my brother and Willow together outside of school.  We were surrounded by a swarm of teenagers on campus and my best friend needed to observe them without interference.  It was annoying, but we couldn’t seem to get them together.
I couldn’t just invite Krista over to the Jansens’ house because that would be rude.  I didn’t live at Sunridge although sometimes it felt like I did.  Willow had never stepped foot inside our house.  But, that wasn’t from lack of invitations.  I’d pestered, pleaded and practically did everything except outright beg to get her to come over, but she wouldn’t cooperate with my plans.
It was almost like she and Tray were in sinister cahoots.  They would give me just a sliver of something that I thought I could run with, and then they would both cool off – usually by walking away in opposite directions.  This was ‘double up’ bad for someone as unskilled as I am while trying to give Cupid some much needed assistance.
Stupid Cupid – never around when a girl needs him…
Well, it’s unfair to totally blame Cupid’s failure in this instance because he had some competition to contend with.  Eli Weston had become a rather permanent fixture at our lunch table.  His evident interest in Willow prompted him to hang around and be obnoxiously present in my reality.  Poor me, poor Krista, we couldn’t explain our desire to boot him back to ‘perfect world’ unless we admitted to our other friends that we were trying to play matchmakers for Tray and Willow.  I’m not even sure that particular revelation would have made them banish Eli anyway.
The guys at our table had been ripped to shreds by my ‘crazy-rude-‘tude-lecture’ incident.  Jeff had even confided to me that he still wanted to date Krista, though his days as her love fool were fading fast.  I adored his term love fool – it made me smile and he said it three times in that whispered conversation.  Jeff promised to give everyone a chance before our posse socially annihilated them.  He also swore to confer with me before they attacked.  That would turn out to be a nasty double edged sword because I seriously doubted that the guys would go for my ‘banish-Eli-back-to-perfect-world’ plan just so I could get my brother the hook up.  I think they actually liked being around him too – kind of popularity by association or something.
This meant I was forced to accept my new ‘Eli infested’ reality because I couldn’t change it.  That didn’t mean I had to like it though.  I obsessively thought about how I could make ‘perfect Eli’ banish himself or at least shut up for a few minutes and give me a break.  Then, the Creator seemed bent on teaching me that I should only have nice, pure thoughts, because suddenly Eli would pop up everywhere I went.
I knew this was happening because Tray was my eternal shadow and Willow tended to follow him around.  Still, it felt like some kind of cosmic punishment for my evil thoughts.  No matter how hard I worked to please the Creator, I continued to think about giving Eli the boot from my existence.  Needless to say I spent most days repeatedly apologizing to the Maker.
I figured that Willow would stop shadowing Tray after a few days.  Although she always rode to school with us, she was extremely beautiful and already popular.  So when she continued to shadow my brother around at school, I had a glimmer of hope that maybe sparks were going to fly between them.  They remained totally (and irritatingly) unreadable to me.
I had to spin the combination three times before my locker finally gave in to my demands and unlocked.  My attention had been entirely focused on my thoughts.  I was still consumed inside my own world as I mindlessly yanked my Chemistry book out of my backpack.  When I finally looked inside my locker I promptly dropped my textbook on the ground in disbelief.
My stolen C.D.’s were stacked neatly behind my portable C.D. player.  I continued to stare at this impossible sight.  The player had a sticky note attached to the front cover with a big smiley face on it.  Some sweet thief had returned my stuff to me with a great big smile – huh????
I questioned all my friends about this loony turn of events because I couldn’t figure out how it happened, but everyone denied knowing anything about it.  So I had no idea who returned my player and discs to my locker.  At least that became my “obsession for the day” instead of Eli Weston.
The administrative staff was the only answer I could come up with although it seemed impossible.  Why would some administrator pull out only my C.D. player and discs from my backpack?  It didn’t make any sense at all.  Plus, they were supposed to confiscate it and punish me.  I eventually had to settle for that answer no matter how improbable.  The office personnel were the only ones besides Krista and Tray that had the combination to my locker.

Chapter Fifty Six

It took a solid month before Tray would back up an inch while I channeled through the dance.  I could still feel his spiritual essence pulling me back toward him like a colossal rubber band.  The silver mist stayed firmly encased inside my soul and didn’t display even once.  Regardless of this fact, my brother still wouldn’t relax.
I learned to manipulate the wind.  And, I had a feeling that I could lift myself off the ground by calling to it.  But, I didn’t dare to even try it because Tray would likely chain himself to me if I took flight again.
When I asked Willow about maybe, possibly testing my theory she looked panicked and said, “…there’s no way you can even attempt to do that right now!”
Unlike Tray though, she was willing to explain the reason for not permitting me to try it.
“I know you could probably control the flight through the channel.  But, the problem is the silver mist.  If you access it accidentally in free-flight, even for a few seconds, we might never see you again.  I’ve never seen anyone freak out the way Tray did when you got sucked up in that celestial hurricane of light.
“Your brother glowed with an unreal gold aura that I have never seen before in my life.  Then he crouched down and sprang straight up in the air like he had just achieved a boost from a rocket.  The aura that surrounded him looked like a hybrid lion/raven thing.  You were really high up in the sky before he finally managed to grab you.  I could’ve sworn he took flight for a few seconds because something lifted him higher once he was up in the air…” Willow said and then I saw her shiver.
“I won’t use the wind or anything else to fly around besides a plane until either you or Tray says it’s okay – you have my word.  But, I would like an answer to a question if you’d be so kind…” I stated slyly.
I had been waiting for this opening with her for a month now.  This was the only time I’d been alone with her since my first day of channel dance practice.  I tried to contain my excitement as I prepared to ask her ‘the’ question.
“Sure – oh, wait – I will answer only questions that pertain to you and your training.  Now, feel free to ask away,” she said and I could swear I saw a hint of mischief in her eyes.
Curses – foiled again…

Chapter Fifty Seven

I suppose I should feel guilty for the little gypsy misdirection Willow and I are playing on Ember, but I figure it’s harmless enough.  We’ve played practical jokes together all our lives.  My little girl doesn’t seem to realize that if she would just come right out and ask me, I would tell her the truth.
So, I’m letting her have her Ember-intrigues with Krista about mine and Willow’s ‘relationship’.  Her plotting and scheming has freed up a significant portion of my evenings from my former anxieties.  Seems she doesn’t get into quite so much trouble if her attention is fully focused on discovering my secret affairs.
I should have thought of this a long time ago – could’ve saved myself a few future gray hairs…
But, this particular Ember distraction plan never would have worked before right now.  It requires a girl from my past and about the only person who did know me back then was Willow.  So I would just have to enjoy it for as long as it lasted now and accept those future gray hairs as a badge of honor – I had survived my little girl, somehow.
I strained to hear what Krista and Ember were whispering about in her bedroom.  Greg had just left a few minutes ago and they were currently lying across Ember’s bed engrossed in creating a new strategy.  They were intent on somehow discovering our secret affair or whatever they thought Willow and I had together.  I could only hear an occasional word or two though.  I shook my head in wonder and smiled in amusement.  I was lying in my bed, fully clothed staring at my cell phone in my hand.
Willow sent me another text message.  We had been communicating like this the entire time she’s been back in my life because we didn’t want Ember to know about our chats.  We would keep the mystery going for as long as we could.  Her text surprisingly revealed that she definitely knew I had been following them around at the mall that day.  I have no idea why I was so stunned by her revelation though.  I have never been able to hide from her after my first initial ‘hide-n-scare-Willow’ prank.
She’s a great actress…I need to keep that in mind…
I sent her a message back and she didn’t readily reply.  I waited a few minutes and then, sent her another text in case the first one didn’t go through for some reason.  She still didn’t reply.  Texting is so cryptic and it’s difficult to interpret.  It turns out that the tone of someone’s voice is required to understand certain things.
My cell phone didn’t indicate that I had missed a text even after I smacked it a couple of times to ensure that it was working.  So I tiptoed to my doorway and listened carefully.  I heard Ember talking faintly in her bedroom.  Then, I broke down and called Willow because I couldn’t take her silence.
This must be a ‘girl thing’ with me…Creator help a fellow out…I’m in trouble…
“Hello, may I help you?” Willow answered the phone, coolly.
“I’ll apologize if it’ll make you feel better…” I offered without saying hello myself.
Might as well tuck my tail now because it’s a total inevitability…
She made me wait a small eternity in virtual silence.  I could hear her breathing on the other end of the phone, but I had to keep some of my male pride intact.  So I bit down hard on my lower lip to keep myself quiet and waited patiently.
“I’m just giving you grief for heaven sakes, Tray!  I knew you’d never let her outta your sight for a second.  You never have in her lifetime.  Creator forbid she ever wanna go on date at any point in her existence.  I pity the guy that’s gonna brave you on that little venture…” Willow sounded dramatic and giggled.
“She’s already promised to remain boy-less until after she’s graduated from high school.  I intend on persuading her to make it a good round age of oh, say twenty-nine or so before she even considers thinking about it…”
“You realize this plan of yours…” Willow started to respond to my comment, but I thought I heard footsteps.
“Hold on a sec…” I whispered urgently.
The knock on my bedroom door was so soft that I almost didn’t hear it.  I walked across the carpeted floor and peered into the hall.  Krista was standing outside my door.  She instantly motioned for me to be quiet.  My heart pounded rapidly in my chest as the panic started to consume me.
“Looks like rain and you’ve seen it plenty…later…” I stated to Willow and hung up the phone.
This was our code for little ears listening.  I would call her back as soon as I could – as long as I’m still breathing after Krista speaks to me…
“I have to talk to you tonight after she goes to sleep – it’s super, mega important…” was all Krista whispered and then tip-toed fast back to Ember’s bedroom right before she got busted.
I called Willow back immediately in an all-out state of panic…
“That was fast,” she declared.
“Yeah, I’m flipping out here and that doesn’t take much time around this house unfortunately.  Krista wants to talk to me after Ember goes to sleep about something mega important.  She didn’t gimme anymore details before she ran back to Ember’s room.  No way can this be good at all,” I declared and blew a breath up across my forehead.
“Maybe it’s part of their new ‘Tray-Willow-relationship-revealing’ strategy.  Krista flips you out for a few hours and then, Ember magically channels you into confessing while you’re having a mental breakdown…” Willow explained the loony turn of events with a snicker that eventually turned into a full-blown session of laughter.
I had to wait until she stopped to say anything else because she couldn’t hear me over her hysterics.
“I know ha-ha very magically funny…seriously Willow I’m freaked out beyond all freak outs here.  Krista’s never spoken to me alone.  And, things have been goin’ way too smoothly.  That’s gotta mean everything’s about to explode again – I just know it!” I exclaimed.
I hate it when someone says ‘Hey, I’ve got some super serious news, but it’ll have to wait for a few hours’.  Do they think that you’ll just shrug your shoulders, go about your business and not stress out completely??  I knew I would be a total raving mental case by the time she finally gets to tell me because Ember is usually a night-owl and it’s Krista that normally goes to sleep first.  I could feel a psychotic fracture headed my way.  I can’t possibly take hours of not knowing what she needs to talk to me about…
“You have to help me, Willow – I mean it!  I’m gonna freakin’ lose it if I have to wait all night to find out what Krista has to talk to me about.  I know she’ll fall asleep before Ember.  Then, Ember will decide she doesn’t wanna sleep at all tonight because that’s precisely my luck.  It’s not like I can just walk into her bedroom, with her being wide awake and tell her I’m gonna wake up her best friend because I wanna chat her up for a few minutes, privately!!!  Oh my…” I frantically stated.
I would’ve continued venting my panic for another few minutes, but suddenly I was so overwhelmed by everything I couldn’t seem to speak coherently.  Noise was still coming from my mouth, although it didn’t sound human.  I wasn’t sure what I was trying to say anymore, so I guess it shouldn’t matter, but still…
Can terror turn a guy into a vegetable???
“Shhh, calm down…I’ll help you…” she said in a soft, soothing voice that kind of grated on my frazzled nerves.
“How??” I demanded more sharply than I intended and then I heard the phone click in my ear.
Great job Tray…now she really is mad at you…
The home phone rang and Ember answered it.  My heart was threatening to pound out of my chest.
“It’s for me…” she announced loudly.
Krista peeked around the corner and motioned for me to come into Ember’s bedroom so we could talk.  I stood frozen in indecision because I couldn’t possibly explain what I was doing in my little girl’s bedroom while she’s noticeably absent.  Krista was already dressed in her flannel pajamas too and that would make it appear much worse if we happened to get busted.  Not to mention the fact that I wouldn’t feel comfortable being alone in a bedroom with a young girl I’m not related to.
“Gotta go out to the car and look for something for Willow.  I’ll be right back…” Ember shouted down the hallway before she walked outside.
I swear Willow, I’m going to lean you back and kiss you like you’ve never been kissed before…
I motioned for Krista to meet me in the hall – the very well lit and open to the public hallway.
“That was some kind of lucky, huh?” Krista stated quietly like she was relieved that we were finally alone.
“Spill it Krista, what’s wrong?” I whispered urgently.
“Wow, stress at your age can be a killer!  You need to chill from time to time.  Why are you always so panicked, anyway?” she asked and put her hand on her hip, dramatically.
I managed to somehow retrieve my anger – that was currently somewhere near my voice box.  I channeled an obliteration to make her respond without the usual teenaged-female-diva attitude.  Time was ticking…
“Ember’s 16th birthday is coming up and my grandmother wants to throw her a big surprise party at the community center by the lake.  I’ll take care of inviting everyone and my grandmother will take care of the food, drinks, music and building.  All you have to do is make sure your sister gets there.  Oh and not breathe a word about it to her of course,” Krista said excitedly with no sarcastic undercurrent.
I sighed in relief because it wasn’t anything epically tragic like I had originally thought.  But then, her words flooded through my brain.  I immediately sucked my breath right back inside my lungs – overwhelming fear tends to do that to me!  Everyone equals how many live bodies???
“Who’s coming to this party?” I asked quickly.
I channeled to her again because my questions needed answers.  I would need to have enough time to process the madness.
Then, I’ll need the rest of my natural existence to have my complete and total nervous breakdown…
“All our friends – my grandmother said that 75 would have to be the limit or else we’d have to move to another location.  I know how much Ember loves the lake though…” she announced.
Yep and the lake loves Ember right back!  It’ll be happy to provide you with a demonstration of its adoration too!
“Music, dancing, how many doors and windows to the outside…” I rapidly stated.
I didn’t know if I had enough time to speak the full questions.  So I used my obliteration skill to help her ‘fill-in-the-blanks’.
“Music – dancing – we’re gonna hire a D.J. with digital equipment.  Everyone will get to download a song or two.  It’s gonna be my gift to her.  I’ll make an “Ember’s 16th birthday file” on her iPod so she can listen to the music over and over.  That way she’ll always have them to remember the night by.
“There are six sets of French doors that all lead outside.  The building is round with floor to ceiling windows between the doors so everyone can easily see the lake.  I don’t know how many windows exactly because I’ve never counted them.  There’s no reason to do that – it’s February, so I assume the windows will stay closed.  The doors will be too, unless people are coming and going,” Krista informed me.
“We’ll talk about it more tomorrow,” I told her and felt every muscle in my neck tense up completely.
Between using my gift at such a crazy velocity and knowing I couldn’t protect Ember in a crowd of 75+ kids all housed inside a giant, human size fish bowl – I was a stroke just waiting to happen.  I watched Krista’s face as it twisted into a pout.  She was prepared to pester me for an immediate answer.
Fate would be on my side for a change because Ember came back inside before she had time to say anything else.  Krista rushed back into the bedroom and I just stood in the hallway, transfixed and thoroughly stunned from outright panic.
This was the ultimate catch-22.  I wanted Ember to have this memory – a 16th birthday party – this party.  I also had this ridiculous, but pressing need to live long enough to ensure she would make it through high school with me still breathing…
What on earth am I going to do???
Ember told Willow she found the missing item.  She said “You’re welcome” before she hung up.  She was mindlessly rubbing her cold hands together, but she noticed me anyway.
“Oh my sweet heavens Tray, are you alright?  You look sick?” Ember asked me worriedly.
Sick doesn’t even begin to describe it…

Chapter Fifty Eight

After assuring Ember for the hundredth time that I was feeling fine, she finally went to bed.  Krista was already asleep so she pulled out her book light.  My little girl could be up for hours because she just started reading a new novel.  I yanked on my jacket and stepped outside.   I needed the fresh air but, more importantly, I needed to call Willow back.  She could be my sounding board.
“Krista wants to do what??” Willow said, loudly.
“Her grandmother, Elizabeth wants to throw Ember a big birthday party…” was all I managed to say before she interrupted me again.
“Well, you have to agree to let them throw her a party because it’s her 16th birthday and that’s special.  No wait…you can’t let them throw her a party because it’ll be uncontrollable madness.  Just tell Krista it’s a nice gesture, but no thanks.  But how can you possibly say ‘no’ to her best friend and her best friend’s grandmother when they want to give Ember a surprise Sweet Sixteen party??  You can’t say ‘no’ if you think about it clearly, but no way can you agree to let them give her a party either…” Willow argued with herself for the next few minutes and I continued to check my pulse rate.
I laughed as I listened to her vocalize the same rationales I had been thinking over and over.  It was quite evident that we wouldn’t be able to arrive at a decision over the telephone.  So we decided to talk about it face to face in the morning.  We would likely have clearer heads after we rest.
My body refused to cooperate and give my mind any downtime.  I obsessed all night about what to do and how to answer Krista’s offer.  Still wide awake when the sun rose, I finally just made some coffee and watched the minutes tick by.
Willow’s right – I can’t say yes, but I can’t say no either…
The girls woke up and Krista gave me this ‘please, please, please’ look every time she had an opportunity of chance.
Holy heaven I’m begging for assistance.  This is going to be a long, long day…
Willow and I skipped our morning classes so we could sit and debate the pros and cons at a local coffee shop.  We were only seven minutes from the school, but I was a nervous wreck anyway.  I didn’t tell Ember that I wouldn’t be at school this morning for obvious reasons.  I also knew my little girl would wear me down with questions if I mentioned it without any explanation.  My skill doesn’t work on her and I didn’t want to outright lie.  So I had chickened out and said nothing – now, I would have to pay the price.  I kept checking my cell phone as if I could see her through it somehow.
“Put that phone away, Florida.  I’m sure she knows how to manually dial if her speed dial inexplicably fails,” Willow stated and put her hand over my phone.
“I’d say sorry, but I’ll probably look at it again in less than five minutes.  I wouldn’t want to risk you thinking that I’m insincere or something,” I stated, comically. 
“The party, Tray – we’re here to discuss it, remember?  Although I must admit I’m enjoying the freedom.  I’ve never had to sit in an actual school classroom before I moved here.  It kind of makes me feel trapped sometimes,” Willow informed me.
“Yeah, there are days when I keep Ember outta school just so we can drive around in circles.  It’s hard to leave our gypsy life behind…” I agreed.
“Okay, we’ve gotta focus…we’re getting as bad as Ember and that’s scary.  So – the party…” she reminded me.
“The party…” I affirmed and looked down at my cell phone longingly.
“We’re gonna run this like any other gypsy job we’ve done since we’re being pressed for time.  Aunt Celeste had a fairly good suggestion when I discussed this with her last night.  She said maybe we could persuade Krista and Elizabeth to have the party on the Vaydem Preserve.  They have a very large room located in the basement of their community center that’s attached to the Sacred Arboretum.  The guests would all be directed to park in a specific lot so they wouldn’t be able to see the Arboretum from the parking lot.  We’ll park in the restricted Vaydem lot in an entirely different location.
“This parking situation would be ideal because it serves two purposes.  The first is the fact that outsiders are strictly prohibited from entering the Sacred Arboretum.  The guest lot prevents anyone from seeing it, so they won’t know it’s there to begin with.  The guest parking lot provides direct access to the basement area.  The second purpose it would serve is that Ember wouldn’t accidentally see someone she recognizes and have the surprise ruined.
“The basement doesn’t have any doors or windows that lead directly outside.  So that eliminates the wind factor.  The wind seems to give her the most difficulties in relation to controlling her spirit light and channels, so it would rate priority on our scale.  By removing the wind from the equation it significantly lowers the risk that she’ll lose control.
“Uncle Rave already worked out a solution to the risk of wandering people.  He reserved the entire community building for the night of her birthday party.  Only guests will be allowed inside and all the adjacent rooms will be locked.  That way everyone will be contained in one space.  So that problem falls off the scale too.
“We’ll all be there to help chaperone Ember.  We’ll spend the entire night putting out fires before the building goes up in flames from her uncontrolled spirit light.  I’m just kidding!  Between all of us, we should be able to keep her alert and hopefully outta trouble.  I’ll work with her every day so maybe she’ll have better control of her spirit light while she dances.  I’ll need your help with that though because I’m gonna push her.  So I might need you to keep her firmly rooted on the ground…” she stated.
We discussed every possible scenario that we could imagine – all the horrible ones and good ones.  We’d all likely have to be admitted to a mental ward collectively afterwards, but how could I refuse?  I’m the one who wants Ember to have every normal childhood experience.  Sweet Sixteen is about as traditional as it gets…
“So, we’re gonna be body guards all night on the 15th?  Sounds great – well, at least it’s a plan,” I told her wearily.
“No Tray, we’re gonna be observers.  Ember’s gonna dance, have fun and eat cake.  We’ll only interfere if or when it becomes absolutely necessary.  This’ll be a birthday she’ll never forget,” Willow said wishfully.
“Now, can we please go back to school?” I asked.
Miraculously, I had somehow managed to avoid looking at my cell phone for the last thirty minutes.  Ember would be changing classes in less than nine minutes and I wanted to be back before the bell rang if possible.  I tried unsuccessfully to pry my phone away from Willow.
“No, not yet, we’ve covered a few challenges on our priority scale and went over various scenarios.  Now, we need to address the biggest priority challenge...” Willow announced and my head wrapped around what she just stated.
“None of those were the biggest priority challenge?” I asked a little too loudly and got a few puzzled or frustrated looks.
“We need to figure out what to do about this whole ‘jumping out and yelling surprise thing’ at her.  I’d hate to think of what kind of surprise Ember might give them in return if she gets scared enough by the crowd…” Willow voiced something I hadn’t given any thought to.
A surprise indeed…

Chapter Fifty Nine

I had actually forgotten about my upcoming birthday because I was so consumed by everything else.  I spent hours trying to secretly pry information out of my brother, begging my best friend to find time to help me formulate new strategies or endlessly training with Celeste and Willow that it slipped my mind.  When Tray mentioned that I needed to select which restaurant I wanted to go to, my stress level rose quickly.
“You think I’ll be able to maintain my spirit light at a restaurant with music and people?  I can only imagine what’ll happen if I lose control of it in public…” I offered and then, bit down on my lower lip to stop myself from rambling further.
I had managed to control my spirit light during my last few lessons, but I was still consumed by anxiety.  Every nice restaurant I have ever eaten at has music playing.  I had no clue if I would be able to maintain control in that type of setting.
“We’re going out to eat for your birthday just like we do every year on the same day.  You’ll be okay kiddo – no worries,” Tray said with his back to me, so I couldn’t see his facial expression.
I walked into the living room because I wanted to look him in the eyes.
“We could get take out instead…” I offered and watched him closely for any signs of impending trouble ahead.
“This kind of anxiety – coming from the same girl who ran through the mall on the day before Christmas Eve – please…” Tray reminded me.
My thoughts turned immediately to my internal incinerator.  It had almost burned me alive from the inside that same day I had been so brave.  My hand instantly grabbed my chest and I shivered from the memory.  I also had a very compelling, ulterior motive the day I went to the mall.  The motivation to buy my brother a super special gift had given me a tremendous amount of courage.  My own birthday wasn’t a big motivator – at least, not in my estimation.  I crossed my arms defiantly and prepared to debate the issue with him.
“No arguments so you can just uncross those arms.  You’ve got enough control of your spirit light.  I’ll be right beside you, behind you, stuck to you like we’re super glued together – wherever you need me to be.  We’re going and it’s gonna be fun,” Tray announced and then, gave me his best sideways smile.
I searched his face and realized he truly believed what he just told me.  If my brother had that much confidence in my ability to control my spirit light then it would be okay.  I returned his smile and hugged him.
“I’ll look through the phone book – gimme a minute,” I said, enthusiastically.
Searching through the listing, I tried to make a decision.  Tray always took me out to a special dinner the day before my birthday – it’s our tradition.  Then, suddenly I had a brilliant idea and a new motivator loomed on my imminent horizon.  I called Willow.
“Hey Ember, whatcha doing?” Willow asked.
“I’m calling to invite you out to dinner on Friday for my birthday,” I told her.
“Friday is your birthday?” she inquired, slightly surprised.
“No, it’s on Saturday, but Tray always takes me out on Valentine’s Day.  I guess he gets two birds for one toss – if you know what I mean…” I explain to her and then held my breath in anticipation.
She hesitated.  I could almost see her weighing the options in her mind.
“I’m…” was all I gave her time to say.
“You can’t say ‘no’ because going out to dinner with us is your birthday gift to me,” I said and shut up.
I wanted to pull my arm down in victory and shout “oh, yes” to the heavens above because no way could she refuse my invitation this time.
Tray was still reclining in his favorite chair and I couldn’t see his face.  I was certain that he could hear me.
“Well, alright then, sounds like fun…”
I had finally done it!
I wouldn’t be able to tell Krista anything about it until tomorrow because I couldn’t risk Tray inadvertently discovering my plot.  She and I will need to formulate a plan where he can’t potentially hear us.
My mind was racing in happy circles when something unsettling occurred to me.  I had been so focused on my sneaky plan to invite Willow that I had neglected to ask Tray if he minded or whether he thought we could afford it.  He didn’t say anything to me while I was talking to her on the phone.  Later, I asked him if it was okay to invite her and he said “sure”.  Although I was still concerned about it, I had to drop the subject.  I will never ask him anything else in reference to his money – ever again.
My sizable paycheck led me to broach the topic of how much money he makes, earlier in the week.  I never did discover that answer and ended up feeling very guilty for asking.
Tray managed to turn the whole thing around on me.  He thought I was suggesting that he needed him to make more money.  I told him that wasn’t the point of my inquiry at all.  Then, he asked me how much more money he needs to earn before we’re comfortable.  I apologized and walked away from that strange conversation shaking my head and feeling like I had somehow just gotten played.
The next day at school I managed to tell Krista bits and pieces of the news in between classes.  We had to contend with constant interruptions though because of my ridiculous popularity status.  I finally asked her to meet me in the library at lunch so we could formulate a plan of action.
“Oh, Ember I can’t because I have major lunch plans with Greg already.  Maybe tonight at your house – could we work it out then?” she asked me.
“Sure, but it’ll have to be around 7 or 8ish because I’ve got plans after school,” I said and tried to hide my disappointment.
Krista didn’t elaborate on what she was doing over lunch and I kept quiet.  The least she could do was tell me where she would be during lunch.  I was depressed because I had really hoped she would be more excited.  After all, I had finally gotten a ‘yes’ from Willow on an invitation.  Maybe I had hurt my best friend’s feelings by not inviting her too.
“Would you like to join us when we go out on Friday?” I asked her, tentatively.
“Sorry, I’m going out with Greg this Friday night – you know Valentine’s Day stuff.  Oh, we’ve gotta get together to celebrate.  How about Saturday on your real birthday?” she asked in a hushed tone.
I had sworn her to absolute secrecy about my birthday.  I have enough on my plate playing matchmaker, alone.  Tray and Willow obviously require my assistance and I apparently don’t have my relationship guru to assist me with that daunting task.
“Nope, I can’t do it then.  I’m going to where Tray works for cake and ice cream with his boss,” I tried to sound cheery, but I felt the pretense as it started to shatter – I will be crying soon.
“Sunday then, we’ll celebrate the day you graced us with your presence – it’s a date,” she said and ran to her next class without waiting on a reply.
“Sure, Sunday…” I told her although she couldn’t hear me by that point.
Feeling sorry for myself, I thought about my life and everything that was wrong with it.  I had been taking, what felt like, a million hours of training sessions with Celeste and Willow as I tried to learn to control my spirit light, dance rituals and channels.  On top of that, I had the added worry of my inner fire scorching my insides whenever I get upset, stressed out, frustrated…or sometimes for seemingly no reason.  Now, I’m left to my own inept devices while trying to play matchmaker.
My eyes filled with tears.
Then, Krista sent me a text to cancel our plans for tonight.  She had forgotten about something else she had to do.  She said she wouldn’t get home until late.  So I spent the rest of the week trying to find time slots to meet with her.  Willow and Celeste increased my practice times by yet another two hours.  They said I needed to ensure I would be fully in control of my gifts when we went out to dinner next Friday.  I could hardly argue the logic in their reasoning although I desperately needed to chat with Krista.
My best friend is the leading authority on relationships and the only source I have available to ask.  I have to get something from her or my diabolical scheme will fall apart before it even started.
Although it was odd, Krista continued to cancel on me.  We had been working on fixing up my brother and Willow for weeks now and suddenly, she wasn’t interested in staging the final scene with me??
She and Greg were all engrossed in whatever it was they were doing over recent lunch breaks.  I knew Krista wouldn’t be doing anything that could get her kicked out of school.  I kind of decided that they might be sitting in Greg’s car making out.  Normally, that thought would make me happy.  I would even offer to run interference with the vice principal if they needed me to.
Why does she pick NOW, of all times, to desert me??
In a more desperate moment, I considered pleading with Tray to let me catch a ride home with them.  That seemed like the only way I would get a chance to speak with Krista.  There would probably be a better chance of him allowing me to wrestle an alligator – especially since Greg got a ticket for failure to stop at a red light back in mid-January.
Even with Krista and Greg hidden somewhere doing their romantic thing, I was far from eating alone.  Tray, Willow, Eli and all our other friends were seated right where they always were.  I was lonely for Krista though, and my inner fire wasn’t happy with my depression in the least.  I had taken my temperature this morning and it read a balmy 101.3.  Ever since the first day I had experienced the internal fire, my temperature hadn’t dropped below 100.5.  I decided not to worry until it hit at least 103 degrees.
Think nice, cool thoughts…
It was unexplainable, but I couldn’t seem to shake the feeling of approaching shadows.  It felt like something big, dark and scary was approaching.  I briefly considered the idea that it might be a new spiritual essence or ability trying to emerge.  When I tried to stream it through the dance nothing happened.  I didn’t share it with anyone because I was worried they would increase my practice or flip out.  No matter what I did, I couldn’t seem to shake the dark feeling of impending doom.
Something’s going to happen on my 16th birthday…
This feeling was decidedly different from the shadows right before we needed to move away.  My internal fire was gently heating me for the moment.  But, I know precisely what it is capable of doing.  No matter how many shadows gather, leaving isn’t possible right now.
Ignoring the heartbreak, I tried to distract myself by paying attention to all the discussions going on around me.  I offered a few comments, but my heart wasn’t into it.
I miss my Krista…
Eli had made his conversational rounds, talking to everyone at the table.  But, he was currently engrossed in a whispered discussion with Willow.  It was infuriating to realize he’s using me and my friends as a means to attach himself to her.  If only there was some way to boot him back to his own world…
His quest to use me to get a date with her knows no limits.  Just last week, he intentionally stopped us in the hallway just so he could introduce us to every member of his student council.  Evidently, we didn’t “oooo” and “ahhh” sufficiently because he offered to pay our admission to watch him play a ballgame.
Although it was really rude, I declined for both of us, grabbed her arm and pulled her away.  I refused to stand by idly while he attempted to impress her.  I’ve got other major plans for her relationship future.  None of those include him in any way.
So I have spent most of my time dragging Willow away from him any chance I get.  I have inconspicuously helped her dodge Eli and managed to thwart his dating advances.  Maybe he will…
“You’ve been extremely quiet here lately.  Are you okay?” Eli commented to me, interrupting my thoughts. 
 “What…Ember…quiet??  Dude, that’s a first and knowing her it won’t last long,” Jeff stated, comically.
“You should be very worried too, because Tray will certainly tell you when I get too quiet I’m planning my next big conquest.  This one’s called ‘Jeff’s Wipe Out’,” I told him in a serious tone.
Then, I wadded up a napkin and hurled it intentionally over his head.  It narrowly missed Ally and landed in Tisha’s lap.
“I’m getting in on that action, girl…” Ally announced her side and the lunchtime Wipe Out was on.

Chapter Sixty

I’m beginning to despise Valentine’s Day…
Love was in the air and all around me.  I couldn’t seem to avoid it no matter how hard I tried.  Sappy love was on every bulletin board and stuck to all the windows throughout the entire school.  Hearts and pictures of Stupid Cupid taunted me in my failure to hook my brother up with Willow.  There must be some kind of way to force Stupid Cupid’s hand.  I just had to figure out a plan to assist him.  This Valentine’s Day mushy love fest was sickening.
I had less than zero interest in having a boyfriend, much to Tray’s amusement.  He would become downright arrogant if he discovered that he was partially responsible for my decision to hold off dating until I was too old to care about the game playing anymore.  I figured I would just wait until I could walk up to a man I was interested in and say ‘Hey, you’re handsome and what-not, let’s skip the nonsense, and go straight to the marriage/baby stuff’.
Hhhmmmm, maybe I’d enlighten my big brother about my new life plan and see how amused he was then…
My best friend was still noticeably absent from my life.  This was evidenced by who was walking me to class.  Eli had offered to keep me company and I took him up on it.  I had to do something to side track his interest in Willow – just until after Friday.  Then, fate or Stupid Cupid had to step up and take a turn because this ‘love match’ stuff is harder than I initially thought it would be.  I didn’t have a clue about how to make a guy lose interest in a girl, any more than I knew how to make a guy fall for one.  I’m destined to fail at this matchmaker career unless something gives.
“Earth to Ember…” Eli said and was waving his hand in front of my eyes to break my current reverie.
“I’m very sorry – I’m just kind of out of it today,” I admitted.
I quickly performed an internal/external check to make sure I wasn’t glowing like a light bulb or preparing to erupt like a volcano.
“So that dinner…” Eli was looking at me as if I should have an answer, but I had missed his question completely.
“I apologize, I was lost in thought,” I mumbled and blushed.
“Must have been some thought...I asked if you think I could cash in that rain check…” he started to say and the warning bell rang.
“I’ll check with Willow and get back with you.  Thanks for walking me to class,” I announced over my shoulder as I rushed down the hallway toward my classroom.
He made some kind of frustrated comment, but I managed to ignore it.  Eli wasn’t easily discouraged and he wasn’t used to being brushed aside either.  His impatience with my stall tactics was becoming evident.  It was obvious that he intended to take Willow out to dinner – with or without me.  So, I would keep my word to him.  I really would talk to Willow about Eli’s rain check.
You hear that Stupid Cupid – I need a little help here!

Chapter Sixty One

“I’m not sure how much more I can possibly take.  I just can’t keep doing this to her…” I admitted to Willow.
“It’ll be worth it in the end, trust me,” Willow replied.
“That’s the problem, I do trust you and that’s the ONLY reason I haven’t said anything.  I just can’t keep this deception going.  Didn’t you see how hurt she was today?”
I needed her to justify my decision to tell Ember what’s going on.  My little girl looked thoroughly dejected because she missed her best friend.  I couldn’t take witnessing the emotional pain she was going through.  Krista was spending every free minute at school working out details for the birthday party, but Ember didn’t have a clue.
“We should have worked this out at the coffee shop.  Here I thought our only problems surrounded Ember, but it seems I misjudged the situation.  The term ‘surprise’ means that you can’t let on – no matter what.  Florida, I know this is tough for you – there’s just two days left.
“I’m not gonna say I haven’t had the same thought because I have.  Ember confides in me and I know how upset she’s been over missing Krista.  I have to keep reminding myself how much fun she’ll have and what a great memory this’ll be.  Krista’s overwhelmed by the details of the party because I think she’s invited everyone at school!” Willow exclaimed.
“So that gives us all the more reason to tell Ember…” I proclaimed – there, I provided my own rationale.
“You’re not gonna tell her!  We’ll go to dinner tomorrow night and test her ability to command her spirit light around music and a crowd of people.  The next day is the birthday party.  See, it’s almost over already…”
“I should’ve made them tell her.  You know it’s not too late to make Elizabeth or Krista tell her themselves…”
Willow finally walked over to me, reached up and touched my cheek with the back of her hand.
“You’re not gonna do that, Tray.  She’ll understand why we had to fib and it’ll be a night she’ll never forget.  I’ll be right there with you and it’s gonna be okay,” Willow stated in a breathy whisper that made me shiver.
“You’re right – I’m not gonna tell Ember or make them tell her, either.  You have to stop touching me though and using your own brand of obliteration skills.  I can only handle so much here…” I told her, but hoped in a way that she would ignore my request.
“I’ve never had that skill, so it must be something else entirely about my touch that’s convincing you…” she teased and I knew she didn’t have that ability – but, like I said, I could only handle so much.
Although she can try and convince me anytime…

Chapter Sixty Two

Tray had been ‘keeping my feet to the fire’ or, rather my feet on the ground as I worked through the dance.  I was usually so exhausted from hours of practice that I could barely keep my eyes open on the way home each night.  That meant no opportunity to pester Tray for information.  We spent every single minute together when I wasn’t in school working through channel dances.  I still didn’t have a chance to find out any information because Willow was always with us.  Ah, life’s little curiosities…
Our time together had netted me something very useful though.  Tray had taught me a thing or two about how to run an effective con in order to pry information out of someone.  There’s a certain irony to the fact that this was his chosen lesson, but still…
He explained how to run it by saying, “You should always disguise your question by turning it into a statement.  In other words, don’t say ‘hey, where are you from?’ – say, ‘I’d like to know where you’re from’.  The other person feels almost obligated to answer.”
I noted this con for later use because I knew it wouldn’t work on either him or Willow.  So I formulated my own kind of gypsy con in order to find out about their relationship.  I decided that I would surprise Tray by just springing the question on him when he least expected me to ask it.  I would wait until after my cake and ice cream thing at the Jansens’ and then, I planned to pounce.  He would be expecting me to ask about it right after we got home from dinner tonight because we were technically going out with Willow.  However, he wouldn’t suspect anything at all tomorrow.
I pray that I can contain myself until then…
Valentine’s Day at any high school USA – GAG!  Krista had given me a total of only three hours in eight days.  That meant her input into any plan was virtually non-existent.  So it was my plan or no plan.  I decided that some gypsy skills must be inborn like my spirit light.  This meant my pounce and question plan was likely from my inner gypsy.  But, if that didn’t work out, I had resolved to pout openly if he refused to answer me.  Not much to either plan, but I was hoping simplicity would somehow win out over ingenuity.
Flower grams, candy grams and sticky sweet messages from secret admirers poured into every morning class.  They interrupted the teachers and distracted the students with this Cupid nonsense.  The student council used the proceeds as a fund raiser for some type of project.  I would know precisely what the money is used for if I read the school paper.  That task had long since been added to my list of ‘Things I Would Never Get Done Before I Died’ list.
I noticed between every class change that the dark clique girls compared the number of grams they had received and how many admirers they had.  Cat Girl had so many flowers that she was wearing them in her hair.  She paid me a passing glance as she walked by and then, smiled with that wicked, evil grin.  I didn’t drop my gaze, but she obviously wasn’t up for the volcanic stare down challenge today.  She dismissed me with a backwards wave of her hand.
Krista didn’t know much about the dark clique and neither did anyone else.  I didn’t even try to make up any Ember-intrigues about them because I would’ve ended up getting extremely frustrated.  Every time I casually mentioned one of the dark clique kids to Krista, she would say something like “I’m not sure who he is” or “She’s kind of new”.  She didn’t even know any of their names, for heaven sakes.  This was crazy.
I didn’t want to take a chance on my best friend getting caught asking a bunch of questions and being shoved into their limelight.  I still had no idea what the dark clique was up to that day outside the gym, but they had their sights set on Greg – well and me too, but that doesn’t count.  So I left the subject alone because I didn’t want the dark clique renewing their interest.
I would never survive wearing another outfit like that…
Then, I noticed what might be the key to solving my problem.  Eli was walking down the hallway in my direction with his arms full of flowers.  I had this absurd moment where I thought they all belonged to him.  It took a second before I remembered he was on the student council, so that means he’s delivering them.
Duh…I think my internal fire might be frying my brain…
“Hi Ember – Happy Valentine’s Day with my compliments – you look spectacular,” he declared and handed me two carnations.
“Thanks, same to you…” I stated moronically.
He looked in the direction of the dark clique chicks and I watched him wave hello to them.  They waved back and squealed simultaneously like Eli was some kind of celebrity and they just captured his attention.  Then, something brilliant occurred to me.  I could use the con my brother taught me to get Eli’s assistance.
“Oh, I know her name, it’s…” I said and paused.
I tried to look perplexed after I stated it – like her name was just on the tip of my tongue.
“Which one?” he asked curiously and then, he said ‘hello’ to two more girls in passing.
“The one standing next to the locker…” I offered, cryptically.
“Always stay on the general topic, but never give away your ultimate goal…” Tray’s words rang in my head.
“Ember, you’re gonna have to be more specific than “the one by the locker”.  You do realize that they’re all standing by the lockers, right?” Eli informed me and laughed.
“Give them each a flower – I’ll pay you for them at lunch.  Count them out while you hand them to each girl.  I’ll count along with you and I’ll tell you the number when you get back – now go!” I ordered.
He obeyed my command and offered one to each dark clique chick.  They all giggled and thanked him.  He must have made up some story about where they came from because I highly doubted those girls would be so ecstatic if they had known it was me doing the sending.
“Thanks, Eli-honey,” they said again, but in unison this time.
I was really grateful that I had skipped breakfast that morning or it would have returned with a vengeance – very unpretty.
“Number 4…” I said.
“Brylie Flynn,” he stated – so Cat Girl’s name is Brylie.
“Oh, she’s that freshman…” I offered and waited for him to correct me, but my gypsy luck changed course in the wrong direction right then.
“Well, if I didn’t know better Ember, I’d think you were fishing for a formal introduction.  I’m sure they would love to meet you.  How about I break the ice?” he questioned me slyly with a wink and a smile.
I am so busted...
“Sorry Eli, but I’m not interested.  You’ve seen my social circle for heaven sakes.  It’s large enough without adding more diva estrogen to the mix…” I stated and shut up before I dug myself in deeper.
I thought I saw a shadowy look tint his facial features for just a brief second.  Eli appeared to be furious about something.  The shadow faded almost instantly though.  I stood there in confusion and tried to decide what I had said to make him so angry.  But, I finally figured out that had simply misread his expression and the situation.  He smiled at me before offering me some unsolicited information.
I really stink at reading people…
“You want to know all of their names?” he dangled the carrot and I had to fight the overwhelming compulsion to yell “please, please, please”.
I tried to look disinterested in what he was offering as Eli waited for me to answer him.  Already revealing more than I intended to, I could not respond to him no matter how much I wanted to know their names.  I smiled sweetly and sort of turned my back to him to demonstrate my indifference.
“I’ll start at one,” he whispered in my ear.
My internal fire blazed into an inferno immediately and my skin was crawling.  Eli is way too close to my body.  Preparing to react, he must have sensed my discomfort.  He took a step back.  The flaming blaze retreated, but I was still struggling against the dire need to grab my chest in pain.  I don’t want Eli thinking about my body, much less looking at my chest.  Besides, he is still standing closer to me than I feel comfortable with.  Close enough to hear a whisper is way too close to my personal space – especially for a guy friend.
“Amanda Leesh, Catherine Bailey, Mykiah Endoll, Brylie Flynn, Lilly Almhurst, Brooklyn Sparks, Jadee Wheeler, Lindsey Hagen, Heather Aims, Elise Palter, Sunny Hurts and Amee Davine,” he rattled them off one by one.
I had determined, after hours of observation, that girls are kind of organic in their friendships.  This means our best gal pals are situated either to the immediate left or right of us when we stand around comparing notes – or in this case Valentine’s grams.
Eli helped me narrow down the field of potential suspects tremendously.  I figured that either Mykiah or Lilly was the other girl in the bathroom that day of the welcoming Greg prank.  It was unexplainable I didn’t want Eli to know what I was up to.  I knew it had been a mistake to ask him for one specific name, but I had corrected the error immediately.
“Wow, impressive – you must hang in their circles often,” I observed and hoped I still appeared disinterested as I waited for him to reply.
Infuriatingly, the Eli-information-well dried up on me.  He didn’t even respond to my observation.  I had no idea if I said the wrong thing to him or if he just had better things to do.
“No need to pay for the carnations – I’ve got ya’ covered, Sweets.  See ya’ at lunch, right?” he asked and started to walk away to deliver more flowers.
Only Tray “covers” me, perfect boy and I’m not your “Sweets”…
“The carnations cost…” I shouted after him.
“Free for you…” he replied with a smile over his shoulder.
If Eli thinks he can bribe me with free flowers to get a date with Willow, he is going to be disappointed.  I saw Logan and Ally in the hallway.
“Hey, do either of you know how much the carnations cost?” I asked.
“They’re two dollars…” Ally informed me.
“Thanks for the info – see you at lunch,” I said.
Eli’s comment about “covering” me grated on my nerves the rest of the morning.  Even after Tray paid Eli for all the flowers (including the two he had given to me with his compliments), I still felt unsettled.
I tried to shrug off the shadow that seemed to be crawling up my skin.  Eli’s whispered comment had made me very uncomfortable.  I have always hated to have anyone invade my personal space unless I invited them inside.  Given the fact that Eli is already a major annoyance in my Tray and Willow matchmaking world, I decided to spend the rest of the day in careful avoidance of him.  I had taken a huge risk asking him for Brylie’s name because he desperately wants to cash in that dinner rain check.
I managed to head him off the first few minutes of our lunch period by bringing up subjects that would keep the girls talking – i.e. hair styles, boyfriends, make-up.  Anytime Eli tried to get a word in edgewise, I would change to another girlie topic.  My female friends took the bait and kept the conversation rolling.
Eli will not get a chance to say ‘dinner’ or ‘rain check’ at this lunch table if I have anything to do with it.  I have worked too hard to get Tray and Willow to go out together.  Perfect boy didn’t have a chance to speak more than three lines.  Frustrated he announced he had to leave early to deliver more flowers.
He gave me a dark look before he exited.  Eli must have realized that I was onto his diabolic scheme.  But he is the president and has to set an example.  I thought I heard him make a comment about someone getting my attention.  I ignored him and then, interjected a weird, out of place comment into the current conversation.  My friends burst out laughing.
Too bad Eli, guess you are just going to have to wait until Monday to ask Willow out to dinner.  Hopefully, it will be way too late by then…
I spent the second half of my lunch period obsessing about dinner tonight and how to assist Stupid Cupid.  Since Eli will be consumed by student council activities for the rest of the day, I figured I would be home free.
It turns out that I misjudged Eli and his level of determination.  I definitely didn’t give him enough credit as a worthy adversary.  I should have known he would try something because I am his only ‘in’ with Willow.  I had successfully deflected and dodged his rain check offer for over a month now.  I suppose he’s tired of being placed on my back burner.  He was going to get my attention and force my hand on this rain check issue.  By the end of my next class period, he would prove himself a worthy challenger in the ‘gonna use Ember to get Willow so she’ll go out with me’ game.
There I sat, minding my own business and zoning out in my class after lunch.  Needing to clear my mind, I plan to fully execute my very first ‘inborn-gypsy-skills’ strategy on my stubborn brother tonight.  My thoughts were thoroughly occupied, so I wasn’t concentrating on the teacher’s lecture.
I did hear the Valentine’s mob squad when they walked into the classroom, but I defiantly ignored them.  Their constant arrivals and departures are beyond aggravating.  They shouldn’t be allowed to interrupt every class.  So, when I saw Casey Majors walk through the door, I put my head down on my desk in silent protest.  But, fate would choose that moment to swing her moody and very heavy hand in my direction.  The blow would also come at a time when I least expected it.  It seems that fate might actually be a gypsy!
“Excuse me, Ember are you awake?” I heard Casey’s voice and my face heated.
Maybe I should play dead??
I looked up tentatively and realized that she was standing right beside my desk and that all eyes in the classroom were on me.
Welcome back to Harttown Primary, Ember – we surely did miss you.
I swallowed hard as panic started to consume me.
“I’m awake,” I stated the obvious – go me!
“These are for you…”
I never knew four little words could herald such a massive amount of chaos!
Her arms were full of carnations and she placed them all on my desk.  I prayed that she just accidentally dropped them, but I could never get that lucky.  The madness didn’t end there either.  Three more student council members took their turns bent on burying me alive in flowers.
“They’re all from an admirer – Happy V. Day,” Casey informed me.
The council members exited the room, giggling.  I was the one and only person to get any flowers in the whole class.
Holy Creator help me!
Eli must believe I will be more inclined to get him a date with Willow by stunning me with over-action.  It won’t work…I can’t believe he would do something this outlandish.
Even though I didn’t want to admit it, I sort of have myself to blame for some of this insanity.  I did let him interview me for the school paper.  He probably assumes I’m one of those closet attention-hound type girls – the kind that emphatically denies hating the spotlight when they really mean the opposite.  And, I had coaxed information out of him about the names of the dark clique chicks.  So, that move probably confirmed the assumption for him.
No matter what he rightly or wrongly assumes, one thing is for sure.  Eli definitely now has my full and undivided attention.
He also has everyone else’s too.  The class was pointing and whispering.  They were shocked by this insane display that is currently my Valentine’s Day horror.  It appears as though I had lost a fight with a psychotic florist.  I shrugged in embarrassment and then, laid my head down in the stems.  Carnations spilled all around me and I had no clue what to do.
I prayed that the Creator would make me invisible, somehow.  My desk, along with my body, stayed stubbornly visible inside my personal nightmare – Cupid’s revenge.
The class continued to whisper about the over the top carnation nonsense even after the teacher resumed the lesson.  Krista tried to get my attention and I mouthed “help me” to her.  She responded by asking me “how??”
I could feel an impending meltdown on my immediate horizon, but then suddenly…
“Ember, would you mind taking your head out of the flowers, please?” my teacher asked me.
“Sorry,” I offered and tried to comply with his request, but I couldn’t actually see over the carnations.
“Why don’t you take your gifts and put them in your locker?  Here’s the hall pass…” my teacher stated, walked back to my desk and handed it to me.
I wanted to thank him as I tried to gather my stuff.  My luck however, would take yet another turn for the worse.  I couldn’t carry the astronomical amount of flowers no matter how I positioned them.  It was silly of me to think I could, because it took four people to carry them into the classroom.
The teacher sounded thoroughly frustrated by my request, but he finally agreed to let Krista assist me.
“Oh my heavens, what is this flower-overload all about??” she asked me when we were alone in the hallway.
Her voice sounded muffled from the greenery.
“It’s Eli’s gimonsterously obnoxious chess move on the ‘get to Willow through Ember’ game board.  I’ve been avoiding his rain check inquiries and he apparently doesn’t like being dismissed.  He’s determined to get me to surrender her to his ridiculous dinner scheme and prove he has plenty of money to throw around too.  You’d know all about this if you could manage more than seven minutes between classes to chat with me,” I responded, angrily and with more bitter hurt than I had wanted her to know about.
What did I say before – I should have been prepared for the pain.
“I’m so sorry, Ember.  I’ve been neglecting you haven’t I?  How about I come over tomorrow night and spend the rest of the weekend with you – just us.  No boyfriend on my part and no crazy Eli madness on yours.  I promise I’ll be there – whatever time you want me to come,” Krista offered.
I felt a tear spill down my cheek, because I knew she would never break a promise to me.  At least, I wouldn’t have to worry about anyone witnessing my emotional breakdown in the hallway because I was hidden behind a mountain of carnations.  They would have to be at least 6 feet tall in order to see over them.  Tray is the only student that could actually do that.
Krista and I were struggling to pick up the straying carnations as we inched our way down the hall.  My locker was still miles away when the bell rang.  So, we had to stop and wait on the masses to get to their next class.  Students lined the hallway and gawked at the carnation spectacle.
I moved Florist to the bottom of my ‘Careers to Have Before I Die’ list…
“Oh my sweet heavens, what’s this carnation tower all about Ember??  Did you hijack a flower truck?” Willow asked me and sounded surprised.
Although I could easily recognize her voice, I couldn’t see any part of her around the carnations.  She took some flowers from both mine and Krista’s pile.  But, we were still up to our noses in greenery.
At that point, I had a split second decision to make.  If I tell Willow the truth, it might wreck things tonight with Tray.  But, I don’t want her to think this is someone’s idea of a love token meant for me…and I definitely don’t want Tray to think that either.
“Greg gave all these to Krista – can you believe it??” I blurted out the lie so fast that Krista didn’t have time to react.
“What??  There has to be well over $500 worth of carnations in our hands.  Krista, I think this is getting too serious between you two,” Willow stated, worriedly.
I offered my best friend an apologetic expression.  I hope I didn’t just ruin our friendship…
“This is just his warped idea of a crazy and beautiful joke, Willow.  Don’t worry – we’re not planning on running away together anytime soon…” Krista replied and I wanted to shout halleluiahs to the heavens above.
My best friend managed to smooth out my pathetic lie and cover my back, simultaneously.  I love my Krista!
“His parents must be loaded if he can afford that kind of joke…” Willow stated.
We ended up having to stuff carnations in all three of our lockers.  Then, my best friend and I had two minutes left to work out a plan of containment.
“I’ll keep Willow super busy during the next class change.  I won’t give anyone a chance to speak to her…” Krista whispered.
“Okay…thanks…I’ll keep her occupied while we walk from our last class to the car,” I replied.
“I’ll just take the flowers home with me and we’ll figure out what to do with them this weekend.  I promise I will come over tomorrow night.  Happy Birthday…a little early.  Gotta go…” she stated and hugged me before she ran to her next class.
I was doomed to worry myself senseless for the rest of the day.  A class full of kids knew who those flowers were for.  There’s always a price to pay for telling a lie – even a little white one where no one gets hurt and keeps a big brother from having a stroke.
So, I resolved to tell Willow the truth before Monday about the carnations.  I can’t take this kind of pressure anymore.  Tray will just have to sort out his own love life because I vow to never get involved in it, again.
Well, after I get him hooked up with Willow, then I will never get involved in his love life again.
Ducking slightly and looking skyward, I waited for the lightning to strike me.
I discovered an interesting and terrible fact about myself as I walked into my last class of the day.  I am, bar-none, the world’s worst liar.
That’s bad news for my inborn-gypsy-skill- set that I need to rely on this weekend…
It seemed like the entire school was whispering about Ember’s ‘flipped-out-secret-admirer-flower-power’ play.  The pressure was crushing me.  So, I sent Tray a text message to come pick me up early.  I also added that I wanted to get a head start on tonight because I couldn’t contain my excitement anymore.  I didn’t want him to think something was wrong.
I told my teacher I was feeling bad and that was the most accurate way to describe it.  She knew exactly what was wrong with me because she said “take this note, call your parents and don’t forget your flowers”.
The text message I sent to Willow demanded that she meet me right that instant because we’re leaving.  She came running down the hallway in my direction like I was on fire.  Happily, I wasn’t on fire, for the moment.  Ironically though, that was the only thing that I had going in my favor.
“Are you okay, Sweetie??” she asked, breathlessly.
“I’m just too excited to stay until the end of class,” I announced, praying that I sounded convincing.
“You’re skilled at scaring the living beejeezus outta me.  Oh wait, you did make it clear to Tray that you’re fine, right??” she asked me in a panic as she pulled out her cell phone to call him.
“Yes, of course,” I replied and handed her my phone so she could read the text message for herself.
She sighed in relief.  I talked a blue streak while we waited for Tray and crossed my fingers.  We sat outside, away from any entrance to reduce the risk of someone passing by and making conversation.  Willow didn’t mention anything else to me about the carnations.  Miraculously, it appears she didn’t discover the truth behind the mountain of flowers.
I ran to our car when I saw Tray drive into the parking lot.  Opening the door and leaping into the back, I managed to startle my brother.  I usually sit up front and I don’t normally hide in the floorboard, either.  They looked at me like I had lost my mind.
“What’s this about?” Willow asked when she sat down in the passenger seat.
Recovering slightly from my panic, I emerged from the floorboard.
“I just need to stretch out for a few minutes.  It’s kind of been a long day…”
“You sure you’re alright, my baby?” Willow asked and I could feel Tray tense up.
“Yes, perfectly fine.  I just wished we’d skipped school today altogether,” I said and they both gasped.
Tray glanced skyward to make sure it wasn’t falling because I typically never want to skip school.
“You shoulda told me, Little Girl.  We’d be on a road trip, right now…” Tray replied and relaxed a little.
It turns out that perpetual anxiety is draining.  I wrestled against my drooping eyelids because I want to watch them for signs of any possible romantic affection.  My total exhaustion would win out over my curiosity for a change.  Before I knew it, we were parking at Sunridge.
My disappointment over missing the ride was compounded by the fact that I didn’t want to practice.  I have a few hundred things to think about and plan before dinner tonight.  I can’t afford the interruption.  I whined and complained so much that Celeste finally relented.  She said I could take a break today since I appear to desperately need it.  This probably would have been the end of it, but somehow Tray and Willow managed to make Celeste change her mind.  Since my whining/pouting scheme didn’t work, I changed tactics and decided to plead for mercy through rationalization.
“I’ll get plenty of real world practice in tonight.  Please, please, please with sugar on top – I just wanna take a break for today.  I’m entirely ready to do this tonight, I promise,” I begged and hoped it would be the truth.
Tray and Willow both tried to convince me, but I continued to argue the point.  My brother must have finally realized that we would be debating this until time for dinner.  So, he asked me to take a walk with him and I reluctantly agreed.  My thoughts raced around in circles as we started to hike.
“Something’s on your mind…” he stated once he had me walking.
Oh no you don’t…that con won’t work on me…not today, of all days…
“There’s always something on my mind, Tray.  Which ‘something’ is the ‘something’ that you’re interested in hearing about?” I responded with an edge of diva-girl attitude and a curious glance.
“I’d like you to tell me precisely why you don’t want to practice today – minus the attitude, if possible…” he said in an irritated tone to match mine.
He waited patiently for me to say something.
Curses, he knows me too well, I can’t stand the suspense.
“I’ll, at least, listen to your proposition,” I blurted out, fully aware that I had just been played.
“I’ll give you an hour to do whatever you wanna do – if you’ll give me practice from then until we leave to go home and get ready…” he offered.
But, I wanted and needed more than an hour.  I told Krista I would call her.  She promised to help me formulate a ‘Tray-Willow-Valentine’s-Day-romance’ plan in, what could be considered, an emergency cram-session over the telephone.  Plus, I need to get her take on how much damage control will be required with the Eli-carnation fiasco on Monday.  Both of those things combined will take way more than an hour.  So, I shook my head to decline.
“No takers, huh?  Let’s see if I can sweeten the deal for you.  If you give me what I want this afternoon, I’ll give you the entire day off tomorrow.  No practice unless you just want to for some reason.  You can have your whole birthday off.  I’ll also take you wherever you wanna go…”
“Well…” I hedged, trying to decide if we could plan everything in an hour.
“And, I’ll tell you anything you want to know, tomorrow night…” Tray trumped me, yet again.
“Let me get this straight.  I can have an hour now and all day tomorrow to do whatever I wanna do.  Plus, you’ll tell me precisely what I want to know about anything I ask…” I repeated his offer incredulously.
“Yes, Little Girl – I’ll tell you exactly what you want to know…”
“Tell me, now…”
“I take it that we have a deal…”
“Deal!” I exclaimed.
“You’re part, first.  My end of the bargain comes tomorrow night,” Tray stated.
I hugged him and told him how much I love him.  Then, I ran all the way back to Sunridge because Krista will be getting out of school any minute.  I rushed into Willow’s bedroom, closed the door and called my best friend.  I was wiggling around in anticipation because my hour just got freed up for gossiping.
No scheming required…

Chapter Sixty Three

Sitting across the street from the restaurant I had chosen for my birthday, Tray and Willow were panicked, but trying valiantly to hide it from me.  The wind was blowing at 20 mph and the music was playing on the outside speakers too.  They were both trying to casually offer ideas about how to walk through the parking lot without losing control of my spirit light.  I repeatedly suggested postponing this celebration until Sunday.  No winds are expected that day.  They are both intent on taking me out tonight, period.  I hope this is a good sign about their desire to be together.
We sat in the car worrying over the small details until two minutes before our reservation time.  I finally managed to interrupt them.
“Since you’re obviously not going to listen to me about postponing, then you need to make a decision.  We can either sit in this flippin’ car all night long worrying about how I should walk, focus, what I should do if I lose it, or we can just bite the bullet and go inside,” I told them resolutely, although I was scared senseless.
“She’s right, Tray.  We’re making nothing into something.  She’s as ready as she’ll ever be…” Willow stated to him.
He opened Willow’s car door first and then, he opened mine for me.  The wind pressed against my body like it was intent on keeping me seated in the car.  I inhaled as I felt my spirit light respond to the wind by lifting.  I managed to contain its energy before it spilled out.  I smiled at them as we walked toward the building.  We probably look like three paranoid schizophrenics.
Once the door closed though, my spirit light blended into my raging inner fire.  They both seemed to quiet down.   Maybe, I am going to be okay, after all.
Our table is usually reserved for six people.  I’m sure we received more than one annoyed glance from the other people crowded around the hostess station.  The restaurant has a two hour waiting list.  My normally polite brother only cares about us making it through this evening without becoming headline news.  So, he tipped the hostess a small fortune and he used an obliteration to get us the most private seats in the restaurant.
Now, if we can just relax enough to eat…
After a few passing breezes and intentionally swirling the light around inside my body with the beat of the music, I thought we just might make it through this sucker.  I smiled to signal that I am currently in control as the waiter handed us our menus and took our drink orders.
“I think I should persuade them to turn off the freakin’ music…” Tray stated and looked around, nervously.
“People will notice.  So, you’d have to channel an obliteration to the entire building.  That’s not my idea of fun at my birthday dinner – bloody noses, crushing, mind blowing pain, hospital visits…etcetera,” I replied humorously, attempting to relieve his anxiety.
“Are you doing alright, my baby Ember?  Are you cool?” Willow asked, quietly.
“I’m fine, I promise,” I stated.
I had already selected my meal, but continued to hold the menu inconspicuously.  I wanted to watch them interact, hoping to see a sign of the future.
Then, the most beautifully haunting song started to play over the speakers.  My inner fire and my spirit light responded.  The flame gently flickered and blended into my spirit light.  Their union feels heavenly…it makes me shiver.  The inner fire and my spirit light combined forces in time with the beat of the song.  My eyes closed as I felt the warm ripples of their union flow from my soul.
Their powers combined and I no longer needed to struggle.  They would remain hidden, safely contained inside me.  I can relax – just enjoy the waves of bliss.  I didn’t dare open my eyes.  I was afraid my vision would distract me from this heavenly reality.
My mind was filled with wonder.  My spirit light and inner fire flowed through me like a tidal wave.  Their journey made me feel all tingly, somehow more alive than I have ever been before.
“Are you sick, Sweetie??” Willow asked and she sounded so far away.
But, I couldn’t answer her.  I’m being held captive by the wonderful sensations.  The only response I could have managed was a whimper.  So, I wordlessly shook my head and held up a finger to indicate that I need a minute.  Sitting at the world’s highest peak in the contentment department, I was well beyond fine.  I never wanted it to end.  A smile crossed my lips as I lost myself in the pleasure.
Essence…flame…light…
They seemed to dance in time with the music.  I had no control over them, but I didn’t need to.  Waves of euphoria rippled through my body as I surrendered to their paradise.  Then, the song ended.  Whatever held me thoroughly spellbound, released its euphoric hold.
By the time I opened my eyes, both Tray and Willow were looking at me like they were going to lose it.  I coughed to make sure I was back from my mind blowing, pleasure fueled mini-vacation before I spoke.
“I would ask what you’re both staring at, but I’m not about to waste my long awaited bargaining chip on something that trivial.  I’m perfectly, wonderfully fine.  Let’s eat, because I’m starving now,” I told them.
They continued to nervously stare at me.  After a few minutes they realized I was telling the truth and they relaxed too.
Dinner was fantastic and the waiter brought out a birthday cake with one candle.  Tray, Willow and I were as close to stress-free as possible.  Much to my disappointment, they didn’t hold hands, say anything remotely romantic or even share a fleeting look of love.
Cupid needs to learn how to shoot straight because this is getting ridiculous…
Needing to get my mind off of Cupid’s incompetence, I thought about the plans I had made for my personal, secretive birthday adventure.  After Tray falls asleep tonight, I am going to give myself a birthday gift.  I would go outside, listen to my iPod and play in the wind.  I wanted to release my spirit and fly again.  This might be the only chance I would have for a while to do it too.
I still felt a sense of something big on the horizon.  It’s going to happen on my 16th birthday.  This feeling might turn out to be some new spiritual power emerging.  If that happened tomorrow, then I would be off on another three month long odyssey while I learned to control ‘it.’  So, an attempted spirit flight adventure tonight was in order.  After all, it might be a missed opportunity and my brother never wanted me to miss out on anything.
There, my creative-Emberism is now complete…
Willow interrupted my diabolical scheming and rationalizations so she could give me her birthday gift.  It was an entire outfit – one of those tight, trendy numbers that reminded me of the model.  Tray exchanged a horrified look with her.  It was quite clear that I wouldn’t be wearing this outfit anywhere outside of our house, anytime soon.
“I absolutely love it!  Thank you!” I stated as I yanked the items out of the box to get a better look at them.
The rich purple and black colored shirt plunged to a semi-dangerous level.  The mini-skirt was a little bit longer than the one I had on the day of my dark clique downfall.  Willow had included hoop earrings, bracelets and shoes.  I have zero talent for matching outfits and accessories.  This outfit would look great on me.
Now, if only my modest side would allow me to wear it – oh and, my brother too…
The box also included a bottle of salon quality, purple nail polish.  I sincerely hoped Willow was going to paint my nails because I knew it would be a messy, frustrating and ultimately ugly result if it were left up to me to accomplish it alone.  My fingernails have never been painted in my life.
Tray narrowed his eyes and then, stared Willow down.  She met his stare and raised him by a wily smile.  There they sat, locked inside an immortal battle of wills.  I watched the drama unfold in anticipation.
This is turning into the best night – EVER.
“I thought we’d agreed and put this matter to rest already…” Tray didn’t break his gaze, but took the first verbal strike.
“We didn’t agree to anything.  You voiced your opinion, loudly…it was duly noted and then dismissed…” she replied – strike two goes to Willow.
“Carolina, we had a truce on this matter.  You’ve crossed our line – now, the gloves are off and the games begin…” Tray countered her strike.
They have a line??
“Bring it on, Florida – I’m not scared one little bit…” 
She blew him an invisible kiss through the air.
“Shall we take this matter outside to discuss it?” Tray asked with so much charm I was ready to call a truce with him.
I felt his obliteration channel that suggested she wanted to go outside.  Willow instantly grabbed her chair with both hands.  Suddenly, the struggle ensued on whether she could keep herself seated in that chair against his gift.  I was thoroughly fascinated by the scene.
“You see, mere mortal – you forget, I won’t go down without a fight.  If you’re prepared to wage this battle against me then, you’ll need to bring more than just your obliteration skill.  What else have you got to bring to this battle??” Willow challenged him and I thought that she might win.
No way would my brother fight her…at least, I didn’t think he would.
“So you’re ready for more.  I would never disappoint you…” Tray offered and then, prepared to launch another strike of his own.
He had no intention of giving in.  Willow’s knuckles were white from gripping so hard.  Suddenly, I saw her hands release the edge and she started to stand up.  She wasn’t prepared to surrender either.  I watched her wrap her ankles around the leg of the chair.  Somehow she forced herself to sit back down and grabbed the table for extra staying power.  I thought about going over and sitting in her lap – wonder if my brother would withdraw his obliteration if I did that?
Before I could make a move to assist Willow in the battle, the waiter walked up with our check in his hand.  But, they weren’t ready to end their challenge quite yet.
“Not now, come back in thirty minutes…” Tray requested and then, he used his obliteration skill to make the waiter go away.
Just how long is this challenge going to continue??
“Now, where were we?” Tray asked, smooth as silk.
“We’re up to the point where you surrender to my will, Florida…” Willow answered sweetly, but with true conviction as she struggled to stay seated.
“This is not the match to call me on, Carolina…” Tray countered.
They continued the battle for forty five more minutes.  Interestingly, they switched from speaking plain English to their own coded language.  I was riveted and tried to learn it as fast as I could.  First, I was sure Willow would win and then, Tray would get the upper hand.  I knew I needed to intervene when I finally realized that neither one was willing to give up or give in on this very revealing birthday outfit issue.  I could’ve and would’ve sat right there all night long, but I had a flight adventure scheduled and it was getting close to 9:00 p.m.
“Excuse me Tray and Willow – would it be possible to call an “Ember’s birthday truce” for a few minutes?  There’s a mile long line, so the door is being held open.  Plus, the restaurant just turned up the music again…” I announced.
The restaurant had obviously overbooked and the people in line were holding the doors ajar while they waited.  Between the noisy wind and complaining customers, they were forced to turn the music up.
“Oh my heaven help us, she’s right…I call a truce, now release me!” Willow ordered and Tray obeyed.
They both turned to look at me worriedly, and I shook my head at them in complete amazement.
“That was a total BLAST!  By the way, the truce is off on the drive home.  I honestly have no idea what language you’re speaking, but I’m trying to learn it as fast as I can though,” I admitted, enthusiastically.
“I’ll teach it to you, Sweetie…” Willow announced.
“Oh, no flippin’ way are you gonna teach her our language, Willow.  Two against one is playing dirty,” Tray announced.
Then, I realized he was serious.  This is a language all their own and one he doesn’t want me to know.
Oops, it’s too late for that…
“You have the advantage in this little situation.  You have your gift and you used it on me or don’t you remember?” she responded in an irritated tone.
Then, she rubbed the indentions in her palms like they were aching badly.  They probably didn’t hurt, but I loved her strategy.  Tray glanced at her hands and looked very guilty.
“How successful has my gift been against you, exactly?  You’re still sitting right here – not standing in the wind storm, right?  By the way, I never woulda let you get all the way outside because it’s too cold.  I just used it to make a point.”
“We’ll continue this, later.  We called a truce for the moment.  Aren’t you forgetting something, Tray?” she asked demurely as she changed tactics mid-stream – you’re the freakin’ stuff, Willow.
Her ploy seems to work quite well – you’re in trouble now, dear brother of mine…
The waiter returned with the receipt and change.  He wished me a happy birthday and his smile lingered a second too long for my comfort level.  My inner fire reacted to my discomfort.  It blazed into life and reminded me that it was still burning in that empty space.  I slid my chair back, quickly and prepared to make a run for the door – away from his intrusive gaze.
“Wait a sec, here, Little Girl – happy birthday…” Tray stated and then, handed me my gift.
I opened the box and found a new charm for my necklace.  It was a spiraled silver hurricane with one diamond and one amethyst nestled at the top corners.  I closed the box before I could read the card because I didn’t want to start crying right then and there – like I did at Christmas.
Willow would have no part of that plan though.
“We called a truce in your honor, Ember.  I pledged first that means I get the wish – it’s the rule.  Read your card and then, we’ll leave…” Willow said.
I suppose I could’ve said I was struggling because of the wind, but that wouldn’t be the truth.  I needed to save my ‘creative-Emberism’ for my adventure tonight, so I gave in.  Willow put the charm on my necklace as I opened my brother’s birthday card to me.  It read – “The crazy silver hurricane light can’t have you – step away from the light!”
I fell out of my chair because I was laughing so hard.
Would I have the strength to walk away from it, though?  That’s the real question…

Chapter Sixty Four

Willow was going back to our house, because we were going to finish this once and for all.  We have argued about that outfit for days now, without a resolution.  I’m not about to let my sixteen year old little girl walk around in it – not in front of half the school.  I had been a teenage boy at one time.  Just the thought of them looking at her wearing it flipped my stomach over.
I had sincerely hoped that Willow had been joking about giving it to her.  I had even tried to strike a deal with her, and say she could give it to Ember after the party tomorrow.
She knew that I would trash that sucker so fast both their heads would spin, if she had only waited until then…
Since she had given it to Ember tonight, she would feel obligated to wear it.  What’s even more infuriating is that my little girl wants to wear it.
Willow had been evasive on the revealing birthday outfit topic.  I should have known that she would never give in so fast.  She knows me so well that it was beginning to drive me to a new level of frustration.  There she sat in the backseat, trying to look all doe-eyed and innocent.
We’ll just see who would be victorious…
Even as I resolved to have my way in this, I was terrified that I would be surrendering to her before it was all said and done.  I fully realized that if she won this particular battle what it would mean.  Ember would be wearing THAT outfit tomorrow, in front of all those boys!
Maybe Willow’s evil plan included my eminent demise??
She seems bent on my domination, if not, my complete destruction as of late.  So here I have two girls – both strong minded, at that – working against my every decision.  Willow also has the nerve to say I’m the one fighting dirty, when they have this crazy hold over me – no way!  My Ay’sha skills are my only viable defense at this point, because tomorrow might likely be my ultimate downfall.
I can’t bring myself to use a full obliteration against Willow though.  She at least deserves to think she might have a fighting chance to defy it…
Ember had a good time watching the battle of wills.  So now I had a whole new worry to contend with.  If my little girl broke mine and Willow’s ‘code speak,’ she would learn more than I wanted her to know before I wanted her to know it.  I have sheltered Ember her entire life and I detest the thought of that outfit clinging to her body.
I felt the sweat trickle down the side of my face.  I couldn’t decide if it was from suppressing half of my ability for so long or if Ember has turned into a human heater somehow.  The warmth seemed to radiate from her, but I thought maybe it was just my imagination.  I turned up the cool air though and neither of them seemed to mind.
My little girl gave me a tentative look when we pulled into our driveway with Willow still in the car.  But, she didn’t ask me anything about it.  Ember just leaned over and hugged me, thanked me and told me she loved me.  Running through the wind toward the house, I saw no sign of her spirit light.  I want to hold onto her innocence somehow, but I knew it was a losing battle from the start.  She’s like a sponge.  The more she learns, the more mature she becomes.  I had been happy to have Willow’s help, because Ember certainly keeps me busy enough.  This outfit was the one thing that stood between our normally united-front.
Willow continued to sit in the backseat with her arms crossed, defiantly.  She had that very same look the first day I met her.
Wow, she looks beautiful when she’s all stubborn like that...
“Are you gonna use your full ability now?!  I need to know if you’re gonna make me cluck like a chicken.  I’ll give you my camera phone and show you what button to push, because I’d love to see the video…” she said and then, offered me her cell.
“Chicken clucking is my last resort – come up here with me, please…” I requested.
I reached into the back seat and held out my hand to assist her.  She complied with my request and then, she turned to face me.  I didn’t know if she was ready to argue about the outfit again or if she just wanted to surrender to my will and make up with me.  Somehow I figured it was the first one, but a guy can dream, right?
It turns out that her mind was elsewhere though – typical, huh?
Leave it to a female to throw a guy off his game…
“What’s your take on Ember tonight?  That scene or trance – heaven help me, I don’t even know what to call it?” Willow asked quizzically.
Then, I remembered the incident.  Ember had sat motionless and refused to speak at all.  She grabbed her chair tightly and held on for dear life like Willow did later as she struggled against my skill.  My little girl radiated with an unearthly heat while it was happening.  I was also terrified that she was going to float away again.  Fortunately, gravity held her in place.  When Ember finally ‘returned’ to us, her pupils were fixed and dilated.  They were bloodshot too like she had gotten drunk from some invisible source.  She even slurred her words slightly once she eventually spoke.
I couldn’t believe that in my testosterone fueled quest to win this battle of wills against Willow that I had forgotten about that insane incident.  Alarm immediately overwhelmed me.  I had this urgent need to run inside and shout a demand to know exactly what had happened at that restaurant tonight.  I grabbed the handle of my door to open it.
“She won’t tell you…” Willow announced quietly.
It was like she knew that I was going to go storming into the house and try to force Ember to tell me what happened.
“You don’t know that,” I protested.
“You know it – just like I know it – she’s holding it back.  I don’t think it’s intentional at all.  I think she honestly doesn’t know what it is and therefore, doesn’t want us to panic – like one of us has a tendency to do from time to time…”
“If she’ll tell us what’s happening then, we can help her…” I replied – pleading with her when I should be inside pleading with my little girl.
“Can we?  I’m not trying to freak you out any more than necessary, but we’ve been in touch with everyone.  No one has any clue about where she’s getting her gifts from and so, we have no one to teach us.  You realize we’re usually winging it – you, me and Aunt Celeste, that’s what we’re doing.  Even you’ve started to demonstrate abilities that aren’t recorded in our stories or handed down.
“Your parents haven’t been seen…” Willow tried to continue, but I interrupted her.
“I have no intention of seeing them and I don’t want anyone searching for them either – got it?” I replied, angrily.
Willow looked at me with a very soft expression and then, she reached up to stroke my cheek.
“They won’t be of any help, anyway – you know it...” I told her quietly as my anger slipped beneath the surface under her touch.
“On a happier note, Ember did remarkably well tonight…” Willow offered something positive in an effort to sway my mood in the other direction.
“Yes, I’m very amazed.  We managed to all stay ground level and – minus that one, whatever it was – it was perfectly normal,” I remarked in a sarcastic tone because I was flipped out by what she just told me.
“I’m going to go in and talk to her.  She’ll be more likely to confide in me on this one, sorry,” Willow stated emotionally.
“You’re right…” I admitted and wished I could change it somehow.
How can I fix ‘it’ if I don’t know what ‘it’ is?
“Tray, you’re gonna have to allow her the chance to experiment with all of her powers.  I know you’re terrified and I am too.  Aunt Celeste is right though, she has to learn to control them or they can takeover.  We both know what happens if that occurs.  I love my baby Ember so much…”
“I do let her experiment Willow, but you need to understand something.  I need her to experiment when I can handle it.  I know that’s too slow for both of you, but you have to admit, I’m giving a little here – a little there.  You think I’m invincible and I wish you were right.  I’m not.  I can’t just let her go off on some insane tangent of some sort and lose her soul again…”
“What do you mean ‘again’?” Willow asked me with fear in her eyes.
“I’ll tell you all about the day we ran away from home and I’ll tell you about the incident at school in November.  They both scared me into a new level of awareness.  I don’t understand either of them, but I saw Ember robbed of her soul.  It took days after we ran away before she even spoke a single word.  I thought I had lost her forever…
“After I tell you about both of those incidents then, you can help me decide how much to permit her to do and when to make her stop.  You’ll understand what I’m talking about and why I’m so incredibly cautious about every move she makes.
“But you don’t have all the facts right now because I haven’t been able to talk with you alone.  Our ‘code language’ doesn’t have sufficient words to talk about all this stuff around her either.  Besides, she’s probably broken the code already.  Some things I need to be able to keep from her until I know what to do about them first.  She’s so much like me, and you’re so much like me…I feel like I’m arguing with myself most of the time,” I admitted this vulnerability to her.
“I think she’s planning something tonight.  It’s nothing she’s told me just a look I ‘recognize’ from another life…” Willow said and smiled knowingly.
“Holy Creator help us, what chaos should I prepare for now?” I asked and crossed my fingers that she would be able to tell me.
“I don’t know yet, but I’m gonna try to find out,” Willow offered and then, reached for the door handle.
“Be careful, Carolina – she’s tricky like someone I know from another life…” I told her.
“I’m going inside – you coming?” she asked and I told her I’d just wait out here.
I wanted to give them a chance to talk alone, girl-to-girl and I needed to pray.
“Wish me luck…”
“I’ll go you one better.  I’ll pray for your survival.”

Chapter Sixty Five

Sneaking peeks out the window to see if they were arguing or kissing, I couldn’t see anything – curses…
I wanted to try to fly again tonight.  If they stayed out in the car to debate endlessly about my birthday outfit, I would never get the chance to try it.  But, if they were passionately making out then, I would happily reschedule my flight plans.  I highly suspected that they weren’t kissing though.  I didn’t want them to argue, but I didn’t know how to make them stop.
What difference does it make about what outfit I wear tomorrow anyway?  I don’t think Boo is going to care much…
I had virtually cracked Tray and Willow’s ‘code language’ by the time we left the restaurant.  That would have been good news for me, but I think they both knew that I understood it.  So, I kind of figured they would never use it in front of me again and that was thoroughly disappointing.
The shirt that Willow had given me displayed my every curve and it made me blush.  So, I pulled the bust line up higher and that made me feel a little more comfortable.  Then, I tried on the rest of the outfit.  I walked over to the full-length mirror and turned in a circle.
I didn’t recognize myself in this outfit as I touched my reflection in the mirror.  My fingers touched my image – it was really me.  I looked so much older than just sixteen.  Tray will never allow me to wear this outfit anywhere beyond our front door, even if it was just to the Jansens’ and back.  I can only imagine how fast this outfit is going to get miraculously ‘lost’ or be involved in some unfortunate, fiery accident.
I wonder when I developed all these curves…
I clicked on my iPod.  At least, Krista somehow found the time to download my music.  She had even included songs that weren’t on the list I had given to her.  It was interesting how well she knew me because I loved them all.
“Hey, Sweetie – wow, that outfit looks fabulous on you…” Willow said from the threshold of my doorway.
“Come on in,” I offered as I turned off the iPod and then patted my bed for her to sit down with me.
“I know it’s late and you’re probably exhausted, huh?”
“Nah, I’m gonna read or something…” I offered and would have to read at least a page to keep with my truth telling trend.
“And the ‘something’…” Willow stated.
Of course, she would be onto me…
“I’d rather not say what the ‘something’ is, if it’s all the same,” I countered and crossed my fingers.
“Listen – really listen – your brother and I made up that language of our own by hearing the subtleties.  Can you hear them too?  Do you know how to hear our language, Ember?” Willow asked.
“I understand the language – well, most of it…” I admitted.
“Will you listen?” she inquired softly.
“Sure…”
“Mysterious - life first.  We channel backwards never – once released – returned spent – anew.  Black coins tossed into unseen fountains – falling ever downward.  Muse – the musician – inspiration unsuspecting – melody of the song.  The flames have almost risen – future lost perspective – hold strong and secure all those things you cherish,” Willow used ‘their’ language and I felt tears fill my eyes.
She said my life is just beginning and I’m part of a great unknown.  Once I give my spirit light away, it’s retrieved and changed.  It can turn into something bad if I’m careless.  I’m young and Tray is my Guardian.  It’s my brother’s job to ensure that my decisions are sound.  I’m almost a woman and my future is in question because they don’t know how to teach me.  So I should allow him to guide my decisions for the time being.  He’s strong, will keep me safe and he loves me.
“Tell me Ember – could you hear me – what did I say?” Willow questioned me.
“I need to talk to Tray.  Will you go get him please?” I asked her through tears and she nodded.
My brother walked into my bedroom a minute later and I told him to just hold me for a little while.  He and Willow both sat down on my bed and they held me in an embrace – I needed this.  I have never been so scared in my whole life.  I was considering hiding in this bedroom forever.  I suppose I had assumed that someone out there – somewhere – would be able to tell me who and what I am, eventually.  Now I’m terrified that I’m all alone in the world.  Suddenly, the need to fly didn’t seem so important anymore.
“I was going to give myself a birthday adventure.  I wanted to see if I could release my spirit again and fly.  I need to find that dead tree because I feel drawn to it like a huge magnet.  It’s inexplicable, but I can’t seem to shake this feeling that I need to do this tonight, because something big and scary might happen tomorrow.
“I’d rather know now if I can do it instead of waiting until everything falls to pieces.  It’ll be too late if I wait until tomorrow and something happens.  I can’t tell you what ‘that something’ is because it’s like this veiled premonition of some sort.  It’s just beyond my reach,” I finally stated and felt immediately relieved.
Neither one of them flipped over the edge.  They both just rubbed my back in a comforting gesture.  I moved away slightly, so I could see their faces.  We looked each other in the eyes and I knew right then that I would never be alone.  I had my Tray and my Willow, always.
“Give me a few minutes to think about letting you take that flight, okay?” Tray replied.
Willow and I were thoroughly stunned.  We stared at him – looking for signs of the body snatchers that had undoubtedly captured him.  He is actually going to consider letting me try to release my spirit and fly around??
Oh my heavens, they had better bring my brother back – right after I return from my flight…
Willow eventually turned her attention back to me as my brother paced the bedroom floor, deep in consideration.
“Would you please share with us what happened tonight at the restaurant?  You’ll notice I didn’t pose it as a statement, but a question.  This implies that you can choose whether to respond or not,” Willow told me and took a chance that I would be willing to tell them.
Tray didn’t stop pacing, but I knew he was listening closely.
“I can’t explain it in words…” I admitted this fact, reluctantly.
I didn’t want what happened in the restaurant to play any role in Tray’s decision to let me fly.  Neither of their faces clouded over with panic, so I hoped that was a good sign.
“Can you at least try to explain it somehow?” Willow requested.
“It’s kind of like being inside the most perfect and heavenly storm ever…” I said and then, got silent because that didn’t measure up to the actual feeling.
“Please go on, Sweetie…” she encouraged me.
“It’s sort of like my spirit light draws ‘something special’ into it.  Then, the light and the ‘special something’ mingle into another thing that’s more vibrant.  I feel more alive somehow…” I stated and it still sounded hollow, but that was the best I could do.
“Do you still control your spirit light when this combining occurs?” Willow inquired and I noticed that she chose her words just as carefully as I chose mine.
“No, but I don’t want to and don’t need to.  The combination of the two – well, they just sort of care for themselves…”
It sounded like I was using my own cryptic language, but that was the only way to describe the confounding situation.
My brother immediately stopped making laps around the room as he looked directly at me.  I watched his facial features morph into what I thought might be a cross between anger and outright terror.  I didn’t know what I had said, but something was sending off warning bells – this was not good.
“You’re saying something like the combining is self-centered!  As in, it’s just looking out only for itself and own self-interest??” Willow asked when she realized Tray was misinterpreting my words.
He thought I meant that the combined elements are hurting me in some way.
“No, that’s not what I’m saying at all!  It’s like they are a ‘part’ of me and ‘apart’ from me at the same time.  They join together in this heavenly union of sorts that feels wonderful.  I desperately want them to stay that way, but they won’t.  They do what they want to do and combine only when they feel like it,” I tried again.
Tray’s face returned to normal and I realized with surprise that Willow had somehow known what my brother was hearing.  She had redirected me so I could explain myself and calm him down too.
Sorry Willow, but you can never go back home again…I’m keeping you.
“Ember, when did you first notice this combining – if you can remember that is…” her question faded quickly.
“That day back in November, outside of the gym…” Tray answered for me with a thoughtful look in his eyes and tried unsuccessfully to mask his hurt.
I remembered every last vivid detail about that day.  A tidal wave of memories flooded through me – heavenly euphoria then agonizing pain.  I had frightened my brother to the point of near insanity and I had lost a part of my soul in that breezeway.  If I suddenly had the power to turn back the hands of time, I knew deep down I wouldn’t change a single thing about that cold, November afternoon.  This knowledge however, was a knife that cut both ways.
“So the combining happened at school.  Did it occur during a winter storm or what was…” Willow prepared to continue until Tray interrupted her.
“Has their combination ever frightened you in any way because you looked terrified outta your mind that day at school – sort of like the way you looked tonight,” Tray asked suddenly and his question weighted me to the ground.
“No, never…” I responded with conviction.
“Actually, now that I consider it, I think it’s like a type of internal warning system for me.  It seems to make me aware of my surroundings, alerts me if something’s wrong and makes me more cautious…” I stated in total shock and gasped.
“Okay, so this new combining or whatever it is sounds like something that you want to occur because it feels good.  It might be something you need for your survival.  Both of those are very excellent things…” Willow announced happily and then, clapped her hands together.
Finally, something good comes out of the chaos…
I heard my brother sigh loudly in relief.  Then, he made his decision.
“Little Girl, we don’t always have to be taught.  Some lessons we have to just discover on our own.  It’s time for you to fly…” Tray looked me straight in the eye.  “So let’s just go try this sucker…”
“You really mean it, Tray??”
“You can try, but you have to swear to me that you won’t be gone very long or go very far…”
I shouted ‘I promise’ over my shoulder as I ran to the bathroom.  I needed to change out of my new outfit and into something more suitable for the weather.  My body would be standing outside while my spirit flew around.  I wasn’t about to risk trying to reunite my spirit with my body through any windows – or walls for that matter.  I dressed in five, very warm layers of clothes.
Tray and Willow were already outside and had been waiting for me when I burst through the door.  They each had a look of genuine concern although they tried to hide them behind nervous smiles.  I vowed silently that I wouldn’t give them any reason to worry about me.  I would just release my spirit, fly around where they could see me and then, return to my body.  Once they understood that I could come and go without any difficulty, I would ask permission to please try to find my tree.
I nodded in their direction and smiled.  Tray nodded once in return and then crossed his arms.  I knew how hard this was for him to watch because he had no control over it.  I turned on the song had been playing on my stereo the last time my spirit released and took flight.
The rush of the wind started to draw on my spirit light.  I inhaled deeply and felt my soul slowly rising.  I held my breath in anticipation as I waited for something to happen and then…nothing.
Oh no way is this happening…
The volume of my iPod was low, so I turned it up, hoping that was the problem.  I tried again and could feel my spirit as it desperately tried to comply with my wishes.  It would almost release and then, like an annoying liquid hot, rubber band, my inner fire would blaze into an inferno.  It would literally yank my spirit right back inside of me.  I fought against the internal fire for control of my spirit, so I could set it free.  It refused to give into my demands.  I called on my spirit light and it swirled around my body.  It was under my complete command.  No matter how hard I struggled against the inner fire though, it refused to allow my spirit to be released.
And everything had been going so well…
In my complete frustration, I did the only thing I could think to do in this situation.  I shook my fist in the air, threw a crazy fit and stomped around in anger.  I know it must have been a spectacle to see because both Tray and Willow covered their mouths and unsuccessfully tried to hide their laughter.  After twenty more minutes, I finally had to surrender and walked back inside in defeat.  My face was red from being wind-blown and I was exhausted from all my useless efforts.
“I know you’re disappointed honey, but the night’s not a total loss.  You controlled your spirit light in a wind storm while listening to your iPod on full volume.  It was spectacular how you spun the lights all together.  It looked like a cool disco ball with the silver light pulsating through it…” she announced, excitedly.
I sure wished I could have shared in her enthusiasm, but I still had this heavy feeling about what tomorrow would bring.  My internal fire won the challenge.  So I might not get another chance to fly for months.
“Yeah, I made a pretty light show.  I think I’ll just shower and go to bed.  Oh yeah, I wasn’t gonna read anything tonight – sorry for the little deception,” I said and sounded thoroughly disappointed.
Willow hugged me and rocked me back and forth.  We sat that way for a long, long time.  Sometimes, I just needed Willow.  She was my brother’s only link to anything happy from his childhood.  I desperately wanted her to stay with us forever, but I knew she longed to be liberated from this place.
Sadly, Tray and I wanted to be free as well.  We had never been confined to any place.  I was stuck here in Western North Carolina though, burning ablaze on the inside, missing a part of my soul somewhere and wishing to be free.  We had been living in this house longer than we had ever been anywhere that I could remember.  I realized then that my desire to fly tonight was more about my need for freedom.
I wanted the three of us to hit the road and travel anytime we felt the cool breeze blow.  I finally understood, while Willow was holding me close, that my gypsy blood wasn’t going to stand much more stasis without something…
But, I didn’t know what that something was, so I made my birthday wish early…Creator, just send me a sign…
One has to be very careful about asking the Maker for a sign.  They might end up with a billboard dropped right into the middle of their life in response…

Chapter Sixty Six

An internal inventory revealed nothing dark or sinister lurking inside or outside of me.  I finally built up the courage to open my eyes.  The morning of my 16th birthday, and everything appears normal.  I’m still the same me I was yesterday.  I had been really worried that a new dark essence or skill would mysteriously take over my body and transform me into something scary – like a dark clique chick.
My spirit light twirled around inside me happily and the inner fire was very warm and soothing.  I’m getting used to my internal heat.  It’s amazing how resilient a body can be.
The kitchen was a whirlwind of activity.  Tray and Willow were preparing a super special “birthday breakfast” or rather – they were messing around in the kitchen, pretending to do something that might pass for cooking on some unknown planet.  I wasn’t sure if anyone could eat eggs that had been scraped off the counter without getting sick, but I guess we would find out today.
Their orbits collided as Tray and Willow both wanted to prepare the same thing or both needed the same bowl or the same physical space.  Their code language was still alive and they were using it as they bumped into each other.  I interpreted what they were saying and laughed at their inside jokes.  She completed a piece of my brother – one that I never knew existed until she came into our lives.
“Tray, can I ask something that’s NOT my one “exactly what I want to know” something?” I managed to squeeze in a question in plain English.
“Sure Sixteen, the sky’s the limit today on questions – what do you wanna know?” Tray stated with a smile and continued to scramble something in the frying pan.
Willow had spent the night with us, but Tray slept on the couch.  BAH!  I promised to wait until tonight for that question though.
“Is there any chance that my ‘silver light-mist thingie’ belongs to you?  Are you channeling it to me?” I inquired curiously.
“Ummm, nope, I’ve never glowed silver to my knowledge…” Tray replied and laughed while shaking his head.
“What suddenly makes you think that the silver misty light might belong to Tray?” Willow asked.
“Well, I felt my spirit struggling to break free from my body last night, but it was like the silver light locked my feet to the ground.  My spirit would start to release and then, I would feel this colossal rubber band snap my spirit right back into my body.  When he channels a dance with me, his aura feels kinda like a rubber band too, so I just thought maybe….” I inquired and wrinkled my nose, perplexed. 
“I wouldn’t try to hold you to the ground after I gave you my permission to do something.  So you know for sure, that’s not my silver mist-light that you’re fighting with,” Tray informed me.
That was true – why won’t the silver mist let me release my spirit?
“Umm, I think we’re gonna be dining out for breakfast on your birthday, Sweetie…” Willow informed me.
“It’s edible…” Tray countered and surveyed the wreckage in the frying pan.
When Willow challenged him to take the first bite though, Tray politely declined.  Needless to say, IHOP was delicious.
When we returned home, Willow had to polish my finger nails twice because I messed them up the first time.  I impatiently waited an Ember-eternity (a.k.a. one minute) for them to dry.  Then, I promptly ran my left hand across the nail surfaces of my right hand.  The purple polish ended up all over my hands.  Thinking I could fix it with a new coat somehow, I tried to reapply it by myself.  This little plan turned out to be a gimonsterous mistake though.  I ended up having to wash my hands and my arms with polish remover.  Willow draped a folded bed sheet around my legs and tucked the ends underneath the couch cushions tightly before she would even begin to paint my toenails.
I moved Manicurist to the bottom of my ‘Careers to Have Before I Die’ list…
After the ‘crazy-purple-handed-Ember-incident’ was fully under control, Willow threaded some small, ornamental beads through strands of my hair.  I picked up a handful from the ceramic bowl and studied them, carefully.  They were all black and were hand-painted with tiny purple symbols.  I noticed a theme as I separated them, discovering six distinct patterns.  I tried to decipher their meaning, but couldn’t.
“Do these six bead symbols mean anything?” I asked Willow, inquisitively.
“Wow I can’t believe you noticed that!  They’re gypsy runic symbols…” she responded and shook her head in wonder.
“What does each symbol stand for?”
“That one means protection…clarity…will…courage…calm…containment…” she explained as I showed them to her one by one.
“I sure could’ve used these beads a long time ago…”
Tray had been noticeably absent for most of the day, working on the station wagon or doing other stuff outside.  I think he wanted to give me a chance to spend some quality girl time with Willow.  Krista and I were always so busy with our gossip, ‘Ember-intrigues’ or one of our schemes that we had never taken the time to play ‘dress up’ – although ironically, about half of her wardrobe was currently residing in my closet.
My one misadventure into the world of makeup and high fashion back in November had left me running away fast and screaming in terror.  Also, my complete disinterest in boys had me wondering if I had driven away any remaining female wiles, permanently.  Well, I had also been raised by my very male brother.  Therefore, my fashion skills and knowledge of girlie things were severely limited.  I was really enjoying Willow’s walk-me-through of the girl world.
We were talking a blue streak about everything imaginable.  Then at one point, I actually giggled.  It startled me when that happened.  For fifteen years I had managed to avoid the dreaded ‘giggly-girl-thing,’ but I hit age sixteen and I break my flawless record.  Oh well, all records have to end sometime, I suppose…
After she finished threading beads through my hair, Willow stenciled me two, beautifully scrolled, free-hand henna tattoos all the way around each ankle.  I noticed she used the same runic symbols throughout the design.  I certainly wasn’t going to complain though.  I had felt this strange sense of calm all day.  That feeling of serenity should have made me relax, but instead it did the opposite.  I was very nervous about what sunset might bring.
Oh sweet Creator, when did I get so jaded??
“Um, Willow, have you forgotten who I live with and takes care of me?  You put beads in my hair, polished my nails, stenciled tattoos around my ankles and now, you wanna do my makeup too??  I’d like to wear the gorgeous birthday outfit you paid for before it ends up ‘accidentally’ shredded and burned as a ritual sacrifice to my innocence…” I inquired as she started pulling out her cosmetic bag.
“HHHhhmmmm,” she offered, evasively.
“I find it better to sorta pick my battles with Tray carefully,” I confided.
“I believe in picking my battles with him as well.  I just pick all of them in the same day.  It saves me from having to decide which ones to choose throughout the week.  Also, I have a tendency to believe in asking for his forgiveness instead of his permission on a few select things.  But, the rules state that you are not allowed to use THAT rule until you’re at least twenty years old – wait, better make that thirty in your case…” Willow declared and started laughing, hysterically.
So, it seems the war over ‘Ember’s-really-revealing-potential-birthday-outfit’ hadn’t been resolved between my brother and Willow before they went to bed.  This unresolved issue could partially be attributed to my rather lengthy, but totally useless, attempts to release my spirit the previous night.  I had selected the birthday outfit battle as my one argument because I wanted Tray to allow me to at least wear it to the Jansens’.  I planned to keep my mouth shut because he is probably going to have a heart attack when he sees me and I don’t want to add to his suffering.
Willow said she wasn’t worried about winning this particular argument with Tray.  However, she was extremely light handed with the makeup.
I inspected myself in the full length mirror and I couldn’t believe my own eyes.  I thought it looked great last night, but with my hair curled, nails polished and my makeup on I looked way more stunning.  I had morphed into a woman between last night and today.
My brother’s never going to let me out of his sight again – my exit from our house is kind of questionable as well…
His eyes were the size of saucers when he walked inside and saw me.  Then, his look immediately clouded over and their battle resumed.  Unlike the semi-good natured bantering from last night, this argument had real potential to turn into an all out war between them.  My anxiety turned into outright fear.  The internal fire responded by blazing wickedly hot.
They would raise their voices to each other.  Then, they would then lower them, only to start shouting once again.
“She will not wear that outfit out of this house – period – I forbid it!” Tray shouted.
Wow, I sometimes hate it when I’m right…
“I’m the one that picked it out.  I say it’s perfectly appropriate and acceptable.  Are you questioning my taste??” Willow replied, heatedly.
“I told you last night, I’m not giving in on this issue, Carolina!  I guess you should’ve listened to me…”
“And I told you I wouldn’t give in either, so what’s your point, Florida?  I have to listen to your bellowed orders, but you don’t have to listen to anything I say??”
“This discussion is over…”
“No way – you can’t just stop in the middle.  I counter your stupid declaration and say it hasn’t even started yet…” she shot back.
“I’ve gone as far as I’m willing to go with this…you tattooed her, for heaven sakes!” Tray exclaimed and he grabbed my leg as proof.
“I have her best interests in mind just as much as you do – maybe even more so tonight.  You’re being stubborn and unreasonable – it’s called pig-headed.”
“Oh, I regret making you that promise…” Tray stated.
“I’m not about to let you wiggle out of it either.  You gave me your word last night – no more use of obliteration during any discussion on this matter…” Willow reminded him, smugly.
I couldn’t take it, anymore and ran into my bedroom.  I was a panic-attack just waiting to happen.  I would have stuck my head under my pillow to hide, but I had been given the “don’t you dare mess up your hair and makeup speech” twenty million times by now.  I desperately needed to do something to avoid my current reality before I had a total meltdown.
We’re just going out to the Jansens’ house on the Vaydem Preserve for cake and ice cream, but I knew Tray better than anyone.  He didn’t even want me walking around our own house in this outfit with all the shades, closed – much less wearing it anywhere outside where someone might see me in it.
Neither one of them would give an inch.  Tray and Willow continued to angrily disagree and I continued to be incinerated on the inside.  I decided to hide out in my closet about that time because I couldn’t cover my head with a pillow.  Then suddenly, I had a brilliant idea…
“Tray, I’d think by now you’d trust my judgment,” I heard Willow declare as I walked down the hallway toward the living room/battle arena.
“And I’d think by now you’d know me so much better than you do.  Did you think I’d allow Ember to wear something that revealing out of this house?” Tray exclaimed and sounded hurt.
“I do know you…extremely well in fact…I want you to trust me!”
“I do trust you!  It’s every guy that’s not currently blind, on this freakin’ planet that I don’t trust…”
“If you trust me then, you’ll let her wear it,” she lowered her voice.
“I’ve trusted you about everything so far and you know precisely what I mean when I say that.  So, I’ve already proven…”
I entered the living room during the heated battle and cleared my throat, loudly.
They both stopped arguing and stood there speechless for a minute.  Then, they laughed and hugged each other.  The battle was over – winner – Ember.
I had searched through all of Krista’s clothes until I found what I was looking for.  I was wearing her black leggings that had rhinestones down the sides and lace around the bottom.  They didn’t hide the tattoos, but I didn’t want them to be hidden.  I found the matching black tank top that had a very modest neckline.  The outfit looked like it had been made to match.  The leggings were tight enough to allow me to wear them under the mini-skirt, but covered enough skin to get Tray’s blood pressure back into the normal range.
Willow rode up front to the Jansens’ house.  Their argument had left me thoroughly exhausted.  So I leaned against the backdoor and closed my eyes.  They had resumed talking in their native language even though they both knew that I could understand what they were saying.  I think they chose it as their peace offering.  This particular peace offering helped me remain optimistic about the answer to my question.
I almost fell into the floorboard from shock when I heard Tray tell Willow that he was getting ready to give in.  My brother would never say that to her if it wasn’t true.
I felt something wonderful happening, but I refused to open my eyes.  I would wait until later and be surprised…

Chapter Sixty Seven

Celeste said I looked amazing when I walked into their house.  I thanked her as she hugged me tight.
“Ember is the moon,” Boo announced as he ran into the den to greet me.
“No buddy the moon lives in the sky,” I replied.
Rave and Celeste had this super monster-sized birthday cake made for me.  I asked them what army they planned to feed and they laughed.  It had seven different layers.  Each one was a different flavor.  I challenged my brother to eat a piece from each one and he did it.  He looked ill after he took the last bite, but he said it was worth its weight in entertainment value.  We had cheered him on like he was competing for the cake eating gold medal.
After we cleaned up the dishes, Boo led me over to the couch and made me cover my eyes.  Then he placed two beautifully wrapped birthday gifts on my lap.  I opened the smallest one first because Rave told me it was a special gift from my Boo-bear.  Inside the box I discovered a new charm for my necklace.  It was shaped like a rubber duck and appeared to have some type of shiny blue sand inside of it.  The sand looked just like the stuff that was in the vial, hanging from Heaven’s shoelace leash.
“That’s an essence charm made by one of the finest Vaydem craftsmen on the Preserve.  The charm itself is made from the rare savayic crystal and it’s filled with a small portion of Boo’s water essence.  He wants you to have a piece of his spirit wherever you go…” Rave explained and I was suddenly, fighting back tears.
“Thank you my Boo-bear.  I really love it and I love you too…” I told him and we hugged each other for a few minutes.
I added the charm to my necklace.  Willow looked thoroughly panicked when she saw the tears fill my eyes.  She had spent all day getting me ready.  It even took her three attempts before she finally managed to get one coat of mascara on my eyelashes.
Seems mascara is super tricky and it tickles my eyelids…
I opened the other gift and discovered a dress inside it.  It took my breath away because it was so beautiful.  The sheer black dress was made of a shimmering material that was sort of see-through.  It had purple ribbons woven and sewn around the inside with the same Ay’sha runic symbols embroidered on them.  The dress was made of a soft, unfamiliar material.  Sleek, black ribbons surrounded the dress on the outside.  I prepared to turn it inside out so I could check out those purple ribbons.
“No Ember, this is a special Vaydem ceremonial vestment and shouldn’t be turned inside out for any reason.  The purple ribbons must stay against your body.  In honor of your birthday tonight, we are going to open a spiritual ring of power.  The vestment will be called on to assist you with the channel…” Celeste explained.  “Now, please hand it to me because it’s customary for the eldest female to dress the primary channeler.”
Celeste slipped it over my head.  The ceremonial vestment fit perfectly over my other outfit because they were obviously designed to be worn together.  I saw Willow exchange an “I told you so” look with Tray.  He offered her his best sideways smile as an apology of sorts.
“Ember, we’re going to be opening a Sacred Vaydem channeling circle.  It’s been set up outside and the ground has been prepared already.  You will stand tonight in the Apex position located at the top of the ring.  I will stand to the left, in a position called Symmetry.  Willow will stand to the right, in a position called Balance…” Celeste explained as we walked outside.
A huge unlit bonfire was placed in the center of what appeared to be a large circle that had been burnt into the ground.  The bonfire wood is coated in an oily substance.  Celeste positioned me and I waited for further instructions.  I had never channeled anything through Vaydem powers before.  So, this was both scary and thrilling.
Tray was the last one to be positioned.  He stood directly behind me.  Celeste didn’t say he was standing in a position, so it must just be precautionary.  They didn’t want me to float away at night.
Rave turned up the beautiful and haunting music.  It must be Vaydem in origin because I have never heard anything like it before.  Next he picked up a big, unlit torch and said something in his sacred language.  I was enthralled as I watched him use the torch to draw a circle in the air.  He stated one more line and I felt him channel the essence of fire.  He tossed the torch skyward.  The fire streaked behind it, as if giving chase.  The torch ignited, lofted a little higher and then, started falling in the direction of the oily stack of wood.
Unbridled fear swept through my system and took complete control of me for an instant.  I was prepared to shout, “Wait, what am I supposed to do??  I’m gonna end up killin’ us all!”  I couldn’t force a single word from my mouth though.  Terror consumed me as I realized that Boo was standing right beside Rave – way too close to me – way too close to the impending blazing inferno that would be burning in the middle of the ring.
The torch had already been thrown.  It was fully consumed and I didn’t have time to jump up and catch it anyway.  I was scared senseless as I watched the burning torch land in the stack of wood.  The flames instantly roared into life with a vengeance.
I swiftly shoved my mammoth terror back down inside myself.  I could NOT lose control or we could all die right here and now.  Without thinking I cried out to the flames through sheer force of my will because my voice still refused my orders.  My mind insanely yelled – “RETREAT!  DIE OUT!”
The command thundered through my brain and I felt my resulting channel as it rocketed into the center of the fire.  I watched in awe as the flames started to lower on my command – in complete defiance of the laws of physics.  The blazing inferno continued to respond to my demands as I repeated my orders.  The fire continued to die down until nothing was left behind, but smoke and ashes.
I was overcome by emotion and was prepared to throw the most righteous, holy fit known to human existence.  They had scared half the life out of me.  I wanted to yell like a raving psychotic.  I opened my mouth to shout something.  I didn’t know if my voice would respond, but right then I would settle for anything.
Have they all lost their minds????
“Trust in the circle Ember…” Celeste stated softly before I could get my voice to cooperate with me.
“But…” was all my voice finally allowed before it was silenced again by something unseen.
What’s going on??
“Trust in us…” Willow gently requested.
I watched Rave relight the fire with the sacred channel.  The flames climbed high and skyward once again.  A powerful, unseen source seemed to flow through me.  My spirit light blended into it.  Responding to the celestial power, it started to illuminate with a blinding internal light.  My inner fire wrapped around them and fed into the rising light.
My mind became calm, lucid, aware…everything was quiet inside my spirit…
The union of the three powers desperately wanted to exit my body and become one with the burning flames.  So, I prepared to release them to join the fire.  I felt my spirit light press against the delicate fabric of the Vaydem vestment, but it refused to let the union pass.  The combination spilled into the ribbon.  It felt like water being funneled through a straw.  The blended combination was being contained inside the purple ribbon against my skin.
I felt the warmth of my spirit light encircle me as the flames of the bonfire burned hotter…brighter…higher.  The growing flames cried out to the spiritual union, but the power couldn’t be released.  The union still urgently needed to join the flames.  They responded to the call of the sacred bonfire by changing course in search of another exit.
They flowed upward against gravity, but they couldn’t find a passage.  The combined powers spilled downward toward the earth.  They couldn’t pass beyond my tattoos.  Then, my spirit light and my inner fire split away from the unknown source.  My spirit light flowed through one arm and the inner fire flowed through the other.  The unknown power retraced the path of the ribbon.  They tried in vain to expend their energies through my arms, legs and anywhere throughout my body.  Nothing could be released.  The flames still called out to them, demanding to be one force, united.
The unknown source seemed to dispel inside me.  My inner fire settled back inside its resting place near my heart.  My spirit light wasn’t quite as cooperative.  It continued to ricochet through my body, intent on joining the flames.
“Call the light back into your spirit Ember – command it to return to its resting place…” Celeste ordered.
I allowed the light to spin around inside my body.  Its energy had not been spent though and it refused to rest yet.
“Command the light to gently fade into the shadows…” Willow ordered.
The light reluctantly began to dissipate into the dark recesses of my body.  I started to shiver as my spirit light tried to settle back inside me.  My internal fire responded to my suddenly icy spirit.  It heated me as it channeled through the power of the light.  It felt like a miniature implosion and then, my inner fire absorbed the remains of my spirit light.  My body finally returned to normal and I stood transfixed in wonder.
What just happened??
I turned around so I could see Tray.  My brother hadn’t said a word during the entire event or moved a single inch.  He looked both elated and violently ill although I didn’t think that was even possible.  I had no idea what to say to everyone.  I was perplexed.
“You stood in the Apex of the Vaydem sacred channeling ring and held all the power inside your body.  That was the most amazing thing I’ve ever witnessed in my life!” Willow exclaimed to me.
“I’ve never seen anyone with the ability to do what you just did.  That was incredible to watch…” Rave declared.
“Yes!  Ember withstood and contained all the power of her spirit light and she channeled the power that surrounded the ring at that same time.  That’s a total surprise, wouldn’t you agree Tray??” Celeste asked and then looked directly at my brother.
Tray still looked stunned like me.  He didn’t respond to her in any way.
“Have you all lost it??  I coulda killed every last one of us…” I screamed more out of unspent stress than anger.
“How?” Willow asked me curiously.
I thought I might just fall over the edge into madness.
“Well, let’s just study on this, for a second!  The fire coulda torched us to ashes if I couldn’t command it.  My uncontrolled channeling coulda fried our brains.  I suppose the explosion between my spirit light and the crazy colossal bonfire might’ve taken us out if it had escaped.  Or I could’ve had a heart attack – any of those things – all of those things – just take your pick of one or use them all.  That was insane…” I shouted like a total lunatic.
My brother was finally animated again.  He pulled me back against him as I fell to pieces.  It took more than thirty minutes before I finally managed to convince my heart that it could safely dislodge itself from my throat.  I continued to shake all over even after my heart settled down.  The terrible ‘what-ifs’ raged through my awareness and threatened to knock me over the edge again.
Celeste eventually explained that my ability to stand in the Apex position of the Vaydem spiritual power ring had to be tested.  She also stated that this particular test can only be performed during the rising moon on my birthday.  She couldn’t apologize for scaring me though.  My ability to control my spirit light even when I’m terrified or surprised is critical to my education.  I couldn’t argue the logic behind her words, but I was still flipped out completely.
At least now I knew what my dark premonition was about…

Chapter Sixty Eight

“You do realize that the only way Ember could’ve killed us was by having a heart attack.  None of us would’ve survived that…” Willow offered to me while I stood inside the dark garage fluctuating between total relief and an all-consuming panic attack.
“A little warning about that chaos that just occurred out there would’ve been mighty nice.  You could’ve said something like, ‘Hey Tray, the agenda’s all planned out.  We’re gonna rob you of a few months of your life – just so you know…” I replied, thinly.
“No, I couldn’t do that.  We needed to test your abilities just as much as Ember’s.  We can’t explain it, but we believe you suddenly have a more predominant will to kill for her now.  That’s a very powerful force to contain,” Willow informed me.
“How is it I can feel so comforted and consumed by madness at the same time??  I didn’t think that was even possible…”
Willow stood silently and allowed me to have a minute or two in order to get control of myself.  I crouched down like a baseball catcher and tried to just breathe deeply.  It took fifteen minutes, but I finally had myself back in check by the time I stood up.
“I would say I’m sorry, but …” Willow stated and left the rest unspoken.
“You’re right.  I know it had to be done…” I replied when I realized they were correct in their assessment.
I did have a will to kill for Ember and although it was unexplainable, it was also a fact I couldn’t ignore…
“You both lived through it.  She also did a fantastic job of controlling her abilities even though she was scared outta her mind.  Do you at least feel a little bit more hopeful about us making it through this thing tonight?”
“Yeah, I do.  I will say however that the ring of terror out there was a ridiculous way to help me feel a little bit better…” I stated, sarcastically.
“Well, you’re extremely complicated and very stubborn.  We couldn’t think of another way…”
“You could’ve at least told me about the Vaydem vestment.  You know the one that fully COVERS her body…”
“Now comon’ Florida, where’s the fun in that??” she impishly replied.
“So tell me about the dress…”
“Not until you say, “‘Oh Willow, you are my beautiful queen and I am your lowly, humble man servant…’”
“You realize that’s playing dirty…”
“Say it,” she commanded and batted her gorgeous blue eyes at me for effect.
“I have so many things to tell you, but I’m fairly certain that’s not one of the things I had in mind to say…”
“If you wanna know about the Vaydem ceremonial dress then, you have to at least admit that I was right…”
“You don’t have to bribe me on that one.  You were right and I was a foolish jerk.  You knew you were gonna win the argument with me – didn’t you?”
“Yes, I did know that I would win, but that’s not the point…”
“It’s mine though.  I need to know exactly how you KNEW you were gonna win that outfit argument with me.  I didn’t even know you were gonna win it.”
“I’ll never reveal my female secrets to you.  I also think you’re crazy to believe I ever would.  You’ve been away from our gypsy lifestyle too long, haven’t you?”
“It’s been a long time since our days of playing hide and seek at the carnival together, but it hasn’t been that long.  I’d just hoped that maybe you’d be willin’ to take pity on me for stealing a good ten years of my life tonight.”
“Okay, okay you win – I’ll tell you…”
“So, how’d you know you’d win the ‘totally-over-the-top-revealing-outfit’ argument with me??”
“I’ll tell you about the dress…” she stated and then giggled.
“I knew that was just way too easy…”
“Aunt Celeste made the vestment herself.  She started creating it right after you called me in a panic and told me what Krista had requested.  We kind of had this sneaky suspicion that you’d eventually agree to the party.
“I’m the one that hand-stitched the runic symbols on the purple ritual ribbon that’s on the inside of the dress.  I also hand-painted the runic symbols on the beads for her hair.  I made what felt like two thousand tiny beads, but somehow she still discovered that there were only six actual patterns.  She did that in less than five minutes too.  She’s scary sometimes…”
“She’s scary – you and Celeste practically give me a flippin’ stroke and SHE’S the scary one?!” I exclaimed.
Willow only smiled in reply.
I’m never going to catch her if she stays so many steps ahead…
“The runes have the powers of clarity, protection, calm, will, courage and the most important one, containment.  By opening the Vaydem ring of power with Ember standing at the Apex, her spirit light channeled through the ritual ribbon and charged the runic powers.  Uncle Rave coated the bonfire with an essential oil that was designed to ‘cry out’ to Ember’s spirit light.
“When her spirit light couldn’t release itself into the flames through its usual avenue, it tried to escape another way.  The beads in her hair and around her wrists stopped it from exiting her body.  The tattoos around her ankles do the same thing.  Once we were certain the containment ritual ribbon was working, we instructed Ember on how to channel the light back inside.  Then, she made it fade on our direction.”
“She channeled that powerful spirit light and absorbed it back inside her body…” I stated and then, looked at her in surprise.
That sounds dangerous…
“This was a pre-test in a very controlled setting.  You can calm down because she was never in any real danger.  You were standing in the Uphold position of the spiritual ring.  By the way, that is the ONLY position that can remove the channeler’s vestment!” Willow exclaimed and looked slightly offended.
“I didn’t know I could touch her.  The whole time I felt like I was frozen to the ground by some kind of electrical force.  It held me in one place.  I couldn’t move in any direction…”
“Ember didn’t need your assistance or you would’ve been as free as a bird in an instant.  The stance of your spiritual position forced you to hold your ground so to speak.”
“I felt an odd kind of energy surround me the instant the ring started to channel.  Then, I couldn’t move and I couldn’t speak either.  Let’s see how well you’d do if you were standin’ in my position.  You were able to move and talk the whole time – remember???”
“I’m not one bit sorry for that.  You were specifically selected for the Uphold position of the circle.  The actual power of that position is PROTECTION.  It’s the ONLY position that can sustain and live through the energy ripple from the channeler.  You would’ve known what to do if you sensed Ember was in any trouble – I promise you.  That odd energy you felt is a Vaydem ceremonial tether.  This tether provides a direct link to her channeling power at all times while the dress is being worn.  You can absorb her energy and assist her with controlling her powers.  Once the dress is removed though that particular tether will be destroyed…”
“I sure hope that ceremonial dress is wash and wear because if that’s the case, she’s never gonna take it off…”
“Her powers can only be contained within the runes for so long before they become uncontrollable.  They’ll destroy her from the inside.  You can absorb only a small fraction through the tether.  The primary channels are still being contained within the ritual ribbon – that means they are gonna be locked inside her body.  The runes can withstand the channels for eight hours at most.  The party will be over in about four.  We’re intentionally manipulating her spirit light, powers and essence channels for you.
“Ember’s Vaydem ceremonial vestment is Aunt Celeste and Uncle Rave’s gift to YOU on her birthday.  They want you to make it through this situation alive because they really care about you.  All the runes took days to prepare.  The containment ribbon will wipe Ember out physically.  The vestment can’t be used to control her powers whenever you panic from the slightest little thing.  We do this because we know her spirit light and powers can withstand temporary containment for her overall protection and your sanity,” Willow explained, seriously.
“I kinda figured there’d be a catch with that part of it – not wash and wear, got it…” I said in a joking manner.
The humor was being used to mask my sudden struggle with my own overwhelming emotions.
They planned and then, created this vestment as a gift for me…
I wasn’t used to being able to rely on anyone other than myself – it felt so good…
“She’ll need to release the built up powers immediately after her party.  That’s the reason Aunt Celeste is currently setting up a similar circle in a secluded outside area of the Vaydem sacred grounds.  It will be positioned on the North West ritual land near the community building we’re gonna be in.  That way, we won’t have to burn a central bonfire or spend three days in ceremonial cleansing like we did for the one here.  The rites have already been permanently consecrated on that ground.”
“I didn’t realize everything that went into plannin’ this gift for me.  So how many more secrets have you got up your other sleeve?” I asked as I battled my emotional tidal wave.
“Of course you didn’t realize any of it – I’m the world’s best con artist.  I also told you, I’m not gonna share any of my female secrets with a guy who won’t readily admit to being my lifelong servant.”
She added that to lighten the mood, but I still felt guilty all the same.  The silence grew into a gargantuan trench between us.
When the power ring was first opened, I felt a tether between me and Ember.  I could hear what she was thinking.  I heard her shouts of terror when she thought we were all going to get burned alive.  That unknown tether was the only reason I had managed to remain as calm as I did once the Vaydem spiritual ring released me.  But, I would never be willing to admit that to Willow.
Eventually, she resumed telling me about the vestment because I couldn’t seem to find my voice.  Guilt has a way of doing that to me.
“The black ribbons contain a resist weave that’s like a spiritual suit of armor.  Since Ember will be prohibited from channeling out because of the runes, we have to prevent any ‘outside energy’ from channeling in to her.”
“Well, the suit of armor part doesn’t work very well.  This new tether still reaches through them.  In fact, I can still hear what she’s thinking…” I informed her.
“I said outside energy – as in all those unknown people who will be swarming around her tonight.  Nothing can get through to her unless she’s experienced it before.  As an added bonus, I have conditionally included something in the vestment for you,” she enticed me.
“What is it??” I questioned with anticipation and sounded like a kid waiting to open my first gift on Christmas.
“The purple ribbon that has to stay against her skin is called a cunning ribbon.  I created it and hand threaded it through the vestment so it forms into loops around her.  The ribbon has to be touching her skin.  Oh and the ends have to be touching as well, in order for it to work.
The cunning ribbon creates a tether between the two of you.  So, you can hear her thoughts.  It also gives you an ability to channel through it and will amplify whatever you offer.  All you have to do is direct it to the cunning ribbon.
The only channels that will be streamed tonight are yours, since she’s wearing a separate containment ribbon.  So, this gives you additional control over the situation…”
I swear by all that’s in me Willow I’m going to kiss you, passionately!!
I could hear Ember’s thoughts, direct my channels through that cunning ribbon and get my obliterations amplified!  I’ll be in full control because she’ll be safe inside a spiritual suit of armor.  I could be in charge of what people around her see…hear…feel…think…or for some – fear…
The possibilities were endlessly mind blowing…
“Okay, now that I let you have your fleeting instant of total world domination – Tray style – you need to hear me out…”
I wanted her to say something like, “Certainly Tray, I give you complete dominion over this entire party.  We will all bow to your every command”.  What she did say was…
“Your little girl will feel exactly what you’re doing, when you do it.  This is a two way street.  When you use obliterations or channel through the cunning ribbon, she will hear your commands and sense what you’re streaming.  So, unless you want her to have a total meltdown on you or throw a “gimonsterous” fit – I expect your word that you’ll respect her wishes first and foremost.  We’re only observers unless necessity demands we do otherwise.  That’s the condition of MY gift to you on Ember’s 16th birthday – take it or leave it…”
“There’s always gonna be a catch with you – isn’t there??”
“Give me your word or I’ll pull the plug – or rather, the cunning ribbon out of the dress in this particular case.”
“I give you my word of honor, Willow my Queen, Ember’s wishes will be honored first and foremost…” I stated respectfully and bowed to her.
I would likely be bowing to her forever from this moment on…might as well get comfortable in the position.
“Your word is accepted – you may now have the privilege of escorting your Queen to the party…”
“You know, you thought of absolutely everything…” I said in amazement.
“I don’t know why you seem so surprised.  It kind of hurts my feelings – like you’ve forgotten ‘me’ somehow…”
“I’m just still reeling from this whole night.  I’ve been doing this for so long, all by myself.  I could never forget you.  I swear that on my life, but it seems that I have forgotten how to trust…”
“Tray, you’re not the only one that has to learn to trust again – ya’ know…”
“I know and I’m sorry for that.  I never meant to desert you, especially the way I did it.  I’ll try my best to not repeat that mistake and vanish on you again.  I still need to tell you those stories because I promised to share them with you.  We’ll talk all night, tonight – that is, if we make it through this impending doom on our collective horizon.  I need to tell you so many things…”
“I noticed your selective ‘wording’ because I’m a con artist just like you – remember?  You didn’t promise to ‘not ever vanish on me again’ – you just promised to ‘try your best’.  I gotta say that’s not very encouraging…” Willow stated and I could see the emotions behind her stormy eyes.
“It’s something…unexplainable…whatever it is makes me believe that I can’t offer you that promise right now because I couldn’t keep it.  I’m really sorry.  I can promise that I will come back for you the moment that I’m able.  Will that promise do for now?” I asked her and prayed it would be enough.
I just couldn’t seem to shake the feeling of approaching darkness – something huge is waiting, shrouded in the shadows.  This unknown evil was coming at me in my immediate future.  The threat felt real and it might just take me away from Willow again.  I would never make her a promise I knew I couldn’t keep.
Willow hedged and looked very close to tears.
“Let’s deal…” I stated and would sweeten the offer.
She turned her head sideways to let me know she was listening intently, but she didn’t say a word.
“I promise to return to you as soon as humanly possible if it turns out that I gotta leave for whatever reason AND I swear to never use my obliteration ability on you ever again, no matter what…do we have a bargain?” I presented her with my deal.
I put all my cards on the table.  They were the best I could offer for now.
“Deal…” she replied.
I smiled at her and probably would have sighed in relief too, but she was looking at me so intently.  I held my breath and waited.
“You’re not alone with Ember anymore…” Willow stated softly.
I looked at her and tried to convey with my eyes that I did know that.  I just couldn’t seem to say the words out loud.
I thought I might just jinx myself if I did…
“You won’t have to run.  You have us now and we’re here for you both…” she offered when I didn’t say anything.
It was wholly unexplainable, but somehow it still felt like a promise that I would end up having to break if I made it.
And breaking a promise to Willow…would kill a part of me...
The silence grew again…
I looked at my watch a few minutes later and it read doom-o’clock…
We turned off the lights in the garage and prepared to go inside, get Ember and meet our collective fate.
“So what will you tell her when she asks you “the question” tonight?” Willow asked me as we walked back into the house.
“You’re not the only one who can keep a secret you know…” I said playfully, as I smiled and winked at her.
She’s gonna hear…the absolute truth…

Chapter Sixty Nine

I never want to take off this ceremonial vestment…
Although I knew the need was completely psychotic (not to mention impractical), I still never wanted to remove it from my body.  Hugging the vestment to me, I tried to concentrate and figure out where this unrealistic need originated from.  Thirty minutes later, I was still no closer to understanding the reason.
Practically speaking, wearing it forever would be an impossible thing to occur.  First, ritual vestments are meant for ceremonies, not for every day wear.  Second, it would need to be cleaned.  Third, I would need a shower and vestments can’t get wet.  Sadly though, not even those logical thoughts changed my mind – I need to leave this vestment on my body, indefinitely.
It was unexplainable, but I feel so secure while I’m wearing it.  Even though I’m no longer standing in the Apex and the spiritual ring is closed, I still feel protected.
So, while I was lying in the Jansens’ den alone, I started to formulate a weird (and totally insane) plan to permanently affix this vestment to my body.  Thoughts of super glue and surgical attachment swirled through my mind.  I had to dismiss them because eventually glue breaks down and anything surgically attached could be removed.  Then, I had a brilliant plan.  Maybe I could somehow lift my inner fire, super-heat the vestment material and then, fuse it to my skin?
I was on a ludicrous quest – a psychotic’s mission.  I was a girl obsessed to never take off my birthday outfit through heated fusion.  Hope a straitjacket will fit over it because I’m headed to a padded room, for sure…
The way I figured, it would be easier to fuse the heated fabric to my skin than to attempt to explain my crazy need to leave this vestment on my body.  After all, my cleanliness obsession is legendary.  I still had no plan for how to clean it, how to control my inner fire to melt it or take a shower without ruining it when Tray and Willow came back inside.
He looked relieved.  When he walked away from the power ring, he had been deathly pale and appeared to be scared senseless.  Tray didn’t speak or even look at me, either.  Those things had made me extremely anxious.  Then, Willow followed him, so my mind was freed up to obsess about how to permanently affix my Vaydem ceremonial vestment to my body.
“Are you ready to go out to eat, Little Girl?” Tray asked.
I looked at him like he was nuts because we already did that last night.  I started to protest, but Willow would prevent me.
“Uncle Rave made us reservations and already paid for a meal at an exclusive restaurant on the Vaydem Preserve.  It’s a special surprise for your birthday…” Willow explained and I ran outside to find Rave so I could thank him.
I hugged him and he whispered something to me in Vaydem.
I wish I understood that language…I wonder if he’ll teach me someday…
“Let me get my coat on and then, we’ll go,” Willow stated when I walked back inside.
I felt overwhelmed by emotion, but I knew I couldn’t wear my vestment around any food.  Although I was almost ready to have a panic attack, I prepared to take it off until Willow reminded me of something critical.  She also saved the day – I’ll have to thank her later…
“No, stop!  There’s only one person that can remove the ceremonial vestment from you…” Willow reminded me.
“You’re right…Celeste has to do it, but she’s not here.  I’m sure she doesn’t want me to wear the vestment to eat in.  I could spill something on it,” I stated and had to fight the crushing urge to sigh in relief.
Celeste wouldn’t be back until after 11:00 pm and the restaurant would be closed by then.  So Willow called her to find out what we should do.
“We’re gonna meet her at the Arboretum on our way to the restaurant.  She’ll be in the downstairs area near the educational classrooms.  The women’s league is hosting a charity event inside the sacred forest…”
“I know, Celeste told me all about the event last week.  I’m so sorry, I should’ve thought about the vestment before she left.  It would’ve saved everyone a bunch of trouble…” I stated and tried to sound normal.
I held onto the dress even tighter like someone was going to rip it off of my body any second.  Since I couldn’t find a way to wear it permanently, I would have to settle for discovering a way to wear it until my birthday was over.  That would at least give me a few more hours to enjoy the feelings of warmth and safety.
“It’s no trouble at all, Sweetie.  It’s on the way, for heaven sakes.  Aunt Celeste said it won’t take more than a few minutes at most…”
“I’m worried about wearing it outside because getting in and out of the car can be a very dirty experience – especially with me.  I don’t think this beautiful vestment could be washed or even dry-cleaned.  So if I mess it up by getting dirty or grimy while I got in and out of the car then I’d be in big trouble.  Not to mention, that getting the dress filthy would disappoint Celeste and Rave since I could never wear it again.  You know me and how I am and how I can be in reference to…” I declared frantically.
I would have likely continued on my urgent rant, but my brother interrupted me.
So much for not alerting everyone to my ‘crazy-Vaydem-ceremonial-dress-wearing-it-forever-obsession’…
“Comon’ Little Girl – you can wear my gigantic coat until we get there.  It’ll protect the vestment from getting dirty,” Tray offered and put it around my shoulders.
Curses…
I couldn’t think of anything else to say on such short notice that wouldn’t get me locked up in a nicely padded room for a good long time.  So I accepted my brother’s coat and we waited on Willow to go get something out of her bedroom.
“Ready?” Willow asked when she returned.
“Sure,” I said in a high pitched voice.
I gave my Boo-bear a hug and kiss.  Then, I told him that I loved him.  I thanked him again for giving me a piece of his spirit to keep with me forever.  I would need it too.  Maybe Boo-bear’s lucky charm would keep me from falling to pieces when Celeste takes it off of my body.
Boo must have sensed something was wrong because he lifted his aura and wrapped it around me.  By the time Tray, Willow and I left Sunridge, I was feeling a little better.  My Boo-bear waved at me from the window and I waved back at him as I held his duck charm between my fingers.
It was inexplicable, but no matter how hard I had tried I could never quite convince Boo that I wasn’t the moon…
My inner fire had approved of my wearing the ceremonial dress.  This was evidenced by the gently warmed ribbons that surrounded my body.  That gentle heat quickly turned into what felt like a possessed electric blanket inside Tray’s coat!  I yanked it off the instant we were in the car.  Regretting my birthday outfit peace offering to Tray and Willow, I was wearing too many layers now – being scorched, internally.
The vestment dress was very sheer.  So if I yanked off my leggings my bare skin would be exposed.  The thought was enticing, but I didn’t want to argue with Tray or risk them engaging in another heated debate.  No more heated anything…
I will just have to figure out a way to deal with my internal incinerator.  At least, no one turned on the heat in the car.  Then, suddenly I noticed trickles of sweat pouring down my brother’s face.
“Oh my heavens Tray, you’re sweating!” I exclaimed in fear.
“I do that from time to time, Little Girl,” he offered and then, shut up too quickly.
I was already an emotional wreck over taking the vestment off so soon.  Now, he’s anxious about something too.  Alarm flooded through me and I felt my own temperature rise in response to my fear.  My internal fire blazed with a wicked intensity.
Something has to be wrong – I just know it…
“But why are you sweating??” I asked hurriedly because he said the sky’s the limit on questions today.
“Because I’m nervous…”
“Oh my goodness, what’s there to be nervous about???”
“It’s your 16th birthday Ember – that’s enough to make me tense…”
“We should just go home right this minute.  Maybe we can reschedule our reservations.  You’re nervous enough to be sweating.  Is there something you’re not telling me??  Are you gonna be okay???”
“Be more specific with your questions, please…” Tray requested as I watched more beads of sweat form and spill.
Red flags went waving all around me.  He is being intentionally evasive.  That can only mean something’s wrong – very, very wrong.  I felt my spirit light and the inner fire react to my sudden panic.  They blended together and turned into a nuclear level furnace.  I tried to bring myself down a few notches, so I wouldn’t fry my body from the inside.  I knew it was a useless effort though.  No way could I possibly chill out with my brother sweating bullets in front of my eyes…
“I want to know the reason you look like you’re gonna puke, pass out, flip over the edge or jump outta your skin??  Do you have a fever?  What’s going on with you?  Something’s gotta be wrong here…”
“He’s fine, Sweetie and he’s not sick with a fever.  I shouldn’t have challenged him the few thousand times I did today because he hates being defeated that many times.  He’s just on edge.  Plus, your Vaydem power circle experience this afternoon freaked him out,” Willow replied for him.
“Well, that crazy Vaydem fire ring of death thing freaked me out too.  That was actually kind of mean to do to a girl on her birthday.  It could’ve been bad…” I wondered aloud and then, immediately regretted it – my brother would be very worried now.
“Everything turned out just fine – that’s the important thing.  We’re so proud of you.  That was completely awesome, what you did – right Tray?”
“We’re very proud of you Ember, but I’ll admit it flipped me out – almost made me violently sick, in fact…” Tray said and crossed a look with Willow.
“I love you both and I’m sorry I yelled…” I explained still hugging my dress obsessively.
“No apologies on your birthday – it’s the rule.  Why don’t you listen to your iPod and stop worrying so much.  Between the two of you, I’m ready to have a nervous breakdown.  Listen up Florida and Carolina Blue – everything is fine and it’s gonna stay that way tonight…” Willow announced.
I complied with her request.  I turned on my iPod, closed my eyes and felt the light dance with the heat.  They gently pressed against the fabric of the vestment.
It would seem my life is destined to be one big apology…

Chapter Seventy

“That kid is a flippin’ human torch!  I’m worried that she’s gonna explode.  Could it be the containment in the dress?” I whispered urgently to Willow after Ember was finally distracted by her music.
Fortunately, Ember could only hear my obliterations when I channeled them although I could hear her thoughts through the cunning ribbon.  I certainly didn’t want my little girl to know how freaked out I was.
“No, it’s internal.  She’s been ‘running warm’ for days now or haven’t you noticed?” Willow whispered back.
“I thought it was just me losing my mind to the madness…” I replied, incredulously.
“It’s not just your imagination, but Ember’s not ready to discuss it with us yet.  Oh my holy heaven help me, how could I forget about her secret internal fire??  I guess I got so focused on soothing you and helping you get through this thing tonight that I forgot!  She’s keeping the inner fire to herself for now…she’s entitled to do that!  We’ve gotta remove the cunning ribbon right now.  We’re violating her privacy…”
“No way is that happening, Willow!  The cunning ribbon is gonna stay right where it is until this night is over…”
“She’s gonna flip out, and she’ll never trust me again!  Is that what you want, Tray??” Willow tried hard to control the volume of her voice because it had climbed steadily as her anxiety increased.
My little girl didn’t seem to notice her outburst thankfully.  She was still thinking of the music lyrics in her head and worrying about being forced to take off the vestment in a few minutes.
“Calm down.  I’d planned to use my obliteration skills ‘free hand’ like I’ve done my entire life until I explain the ribbons and how they work.”
“No way are you gonna wait until we’re inside to tell her about them!  You either explain them to her the instant we park or I’ll yank that sucker off so fast your head won’t stop spinning until sometime next week…”
“Okay, I’ll tell her when we get there…” 
“Do you promise not to use it until you explain to her specifically what it does??” she interrupted me.
“Well, I’ll have to demonstrate so she can understand.  Then, I swear to you on my word that I won’t use the cunning ribbon for anything without her say so…”
“You also have to tell her I’m the one that placed it there.  I want Ember to trust in me and always know I have her best interests at heart…” she stated firmly and I watched her hands start shaking from the realization of what she thought might have happened.
“I wish you could just trust me, Willow…” I whispered to her.
“I do trust you…”
“Then, you need to hear me – I plan for every single contingency with Ember.  That was the first thing I considered.  Well, after my world domination scheme failed, that was the next thing I worked on.  No one’s trust will ever be betrayed between us.  I’ve got your back just like always.  That is not gonna change tonight or ever…”
I saw her struggle with the truth and wished longingly that Willow would someday just have that faith in me.

Chapter Seventy One

The Vaydem Arboretum is enormous!  When we drove into the parking lot I looked at it in shock and amazement.  I saw a forest growing just beyond the glass – complete with 5-story tall trees.  The well-lit, sheltered forest looked like a fairy tale encased inside of a snowglobe.  I knew a charity event was taking place in it tonight, but I was going to beg someone to bring me back tomorrow for a better look.  I desperately wanted to check out that snowglobe forest.
I felt so drawn to be inside its walls…surrounded by my very own woods…
Tray had turned on the air conditioner, so it was the perfect temperature inside the car.  We parked and suddenly, I remembered why we came here.  My anxiety level increased in response, but I couldn’t do anything to keep this from happening.  Then, my psychotic need renewed.  Holding the fabric against my skin, I looked around in a panic.
I formulated a quick plan because I couldn’t tolerate the thought of taking off this vestment right now.  I decided to throw a huge fit about something loony.  Then, I would tell them that Celeste couldn’t possibly see me in this insane state.  I would demand to go back to Sunridge and that would buy me some more time to wear it.  Just when I prepared to start screaming like a maniac, it was like Tray suddenly read my mind somehow.
“We have to go in, Little Girl.  We drove here to see Celeste and she’s seen you at your worst before, so that isn’t gonna fly.  Comon’ let’s go inside to meet her…”
I was stunned, but then I decided I was just reading too much into what my brother had just said.  I decided to switch tactics anyway…
“Do you think she’ll let me wear the vestment for a while longer?  I don’t wanna take it off for some reason.  I’m even willing to hold off on dinner.  Rave said we have an open reservation…” I begged and my inner fire warmed the ribbons.
I’ll even let you spoon feed me…
“I won’t have to spoon feed you.  I’m sure she’ll let you keep wearing it…” Tray stated as he turned off the car’s engine.
I started to immediately feel guilty.  Then suddenly, I realized what he just said…
No way could I have heard that right!
“Yes, you heard me correctly and there’s no need to feel guilty.  Let’s just go inside, find Celeste and tell her that you wanna wear it for a while longer.  You know that she’ll get scared if we just ‘no-show.’  Once we talk to her, then we’ll do anything you want to do.  We can even stay until all the people leave.  That way you can go inside the Arboretum snowglobe and check it out.”
Holy Creator – heaven help me!  Tray can read my mind!!!!!
I felt dizzy from his new found skill set and promptly started to turn psychotic – if he could read my thoughts all the time…
“I can’t read your thoughts all the time – chill out right now…” Tray ordered me.
He turned around in his seat and looked at me intently.  I tried to clear my thoughts and make my mind go blank, but that’s much easier said than done.
“It’s impossible to stop all forms of thought, Little Girl and you don’t have to…so just calm down…”
“I…I…don’t know what’s happening…”
“I’m getting ready to explain it to you if you’ll concentrate on my words and not on your racing thoughts.  It’ll be much easier to understand that way…”
I inhaled and waited for the other shoe to drop.  A gentle breeze could have knocked me over…
“Your vestment has a ribbon woven through it called cunning.  It allows me to channel my obliteration skill through it in order to protect you – kinda like when you were channeling to command the flames tonight.  Willow incorporated the cunning ribbon into the vestment because she felt like you might need my assistance with navigating through the unfamiliar channel and other stuff.  Can you feel what I’m channeling through the ribbon right now?”
Yes!
“You need to use your voice – Willow can’t hear your thoughts too.”
Sorry…
“Yes.”
“I was standing in the Uphold position of the Vaydem spiritual circle.  My position permanently binds this cunning ribbon between you and me.  It only works while you wear the ribbon around you and the ends are touching.
“I need you to hear me Ember.  I will respect your private thoughts and will ignore them to the best of my ability.  I’ve been reading your thoughts on the ride over, so I could prove that your internal world will always belong to you.  I demonstrated how the cunning ribbon works only on the thoughts that you would’ve voiced anyway.  I promise I will never speak one single thought you’ve had to anyone – ever.  I would never betray your trust…”
“I know that…”
“So you know how the cunning ribbon works, who placed it inside the vestment and now, you have a choice to make.  You can ask Celeste to remove it immediately or you can wear it for a while longer.  If you wanna keep wearing it though, I need you to give me permission to channel through it, use my obliteration skill and read your thoughts until the vestment is removed.”
“I trust you, completely…”
“I just never thought I’d have to share my mind with you…good luck with that little venture, brother dear…I can’t figure me out, so I know you won’t either…”
“I need your verbal permission, Little Girl.  Willow needs to hear it for her own peace of mind…”
“You have my permission to use all your gifts and read my mind until I choose to take the vestment off.  However Tray, I feel it’s only fair to warn you from the beginning – that might end up being never.  So you’ll be the one that has to deal with being stuck inside my mind…” I stated with authority because it was the truth.
“I feel totally safe…I mean it…I might never take it off…”
“Trust me Ember, you’ll take it off, but I wish you didn’t have to…”
I hugged Willow and thanked her for the cunning ribbon.  No wonder I felt so safe, my brother had helped me control the fire around the ring.  His aura was literally wrapped around me, courtesy of Willow’s ribbon.
Feeling so safe, I started to worry that my brother might end up being locked inside ‘psychotic-Ember-world’ forever.  I had to bite down on my lower lip to keep from crying.  He deserves to have a life of his own.  That’s what I’ve always felt guilty about.  Suddenly, here I am struggling with holding him as my life-time mental hostage because I feel more secure than I’ve ever felt.  I shoved that thought aside fast, feeling like I was going to lose it.
Tray was walking behind me and he squeezed my shoulders.  This was our sign that everything was going to be fine.
As I relaxed slightly, I started to test his ability to ignore what I was thinking about.  I thought of all kinds of strange, bizarre and brotherly terrifying things – like dating a burly twenty something year old guy with facial tattoos.  My brother didn’t flinch or say anything, passing with flying colors.  I didn’t envy his journey through the commotion that frequently consumes my mind though.
It occurred to me that he knows about my inner fire and hadn’t said a single word about it.  I don’t know why that surprises me because I don’t even know what it is.  I wish I could read his thoughts too.  Then, I would know all about Willow and I would force him to think about how much money he makes.  It’s been driving me crazy.
“Where did all the money go?”
I looked inside the classrooms along the corridor and watched the moonlight follow us through the narrow windows.  I wished my Boo-bear had been right.  I would love to be the moon.  It seemed so serene floating around in the sky, without a care in the world.
My longing to be gypsy-free renewed.  I wanted Tray to take us somewhere because my heart sometimes screamed to hit the road on a new adventure.  I wanted to see an ocean and confirm the fact that he really has eyes colored like sea.  I would miss Willow, Boo, Krista, Celeste, Rave…so many people – oh my heavens that would be the world’s shortest trip…
If my ridiculous spirit would have just cooperated and released, I could’ve flown last night.  My wanderlust would have surely disappeared.  I thought about the way I felt when I flew through the forest, imagining everything I had seen along my path.  I wanted Tray to see and feel it with me…
While we waited in a classroom for Celeste to join us, I took off Tray’s coat and spun around in the vestment.  I still wished I could remove my leggings though – I’m scorching hot in here!  Tray quickly shot me a disapproving look.
“Hey, you promised…”
Celeste rushed inside and apologized for the delay.  She looked curiously at my brother when he announced loudly that it was my exclusive choice about whether to leave on the vestment or take it off.
“This is meant for you, Tray – how rude, it’s her gift and she might want me to take it off!  What on earth’s going on with you tonight?!  Have you totally lost it???”
He gave me the most innocent look he could muster and shrugged his shoulders.
“Bah, I’ve driven you over the brink.  You’ve never been rude a day in your life to a lady…”
“Ah, okay – Ember, would you like me to remove the vestment now or not?” Celeste asked tentatively and looked terrified, for some unknown reason.
“Let me apologize for my bossy brother.  Seems I’ve driven him to a new form of rude-hysteria or something.  You can remove the vestment…”
Three sets of wide-eyes stared back, unreadable to me.
“Maybe I’ll have her put the dress on you…”
Tray burst into laughter!
“What he was trying to say was that I’d appreciate the opportunity to wear it a little longer.  I understand though if it’s only for ceremonies and won’t get upset if you need me to take it off…”
I heard the words come out and they sounded sincere enough.  My inner fire flamed wickedly hot though – knowing they were a lie.  I desperately wanted to keep the vestment on.  My hand went instinctively to the heat and I held my breath to await my fate.
“It’s your birthday gift, honey – wear it with my blessings…”
I hugged Celeste and thanked her again.  I would have offered to not eat in it, but I was hungry all of a sudden.
“Would you mind if I just peeked inside the Arboretum?  I promise I won’t disturb anyone…” I pressed my luck.
“One tiny peek won’t hurt a thing…”
“Thanks!” I exclaimed.
I couldn’t wait to see it – I was so excited.
“You must remember always that the Vaydem Arboretum is hallowed ground because it holds all the elements inside something as fragile as glass – earth, wind, fire and water.  Once you step inside the forest, you are required to have only pure thoughts.  Also, you have to remove your shoes because you have on rubber soles,” Celeste informed me.
I started to take off my shoes.
“Not down here, Sweetie there’s a resting place for them outside each entrance.  Follow me…” Celeste said and led me toward my destiny.
We walked down the darkest corridor I could ever remember being in – not even the school basement was so dimly lit.  Tray put his arms around me, kind of like the way he did when he helped me channel the dance.  He held my arms locked tightly against my chest.  I didn’t think it was possible to feel any more secure, but somehow he managed to do it.
“I am also burning, scorching hot, but you’d better not move away from me for any reason…”
The darkness felt strange and alive somehow – I found myself shivering although I didn’t know why…
“Oh, I forgot something.  You kids go on without me.  Once you open those double doors in front of you, then it will give us all some light,” Celeste stated.
I wanted Tray to run down that darkened hall and open those doors immediately.  My spirit light responded to my urgent request by trying to lift, but it was still trapped inside the ribbons of my dress.
Although I knew my brother had heard my thoughts perfectly, he seemed to slow down.  Huh?!  So I started pulling him along and it was like he fought me every step of the way.  I need to be in the light – I can’t tolerate this darkness.  Just before I pushed that door open though, Tray pulled me against his body so tightly that I almost lost my breath.
“Surprise!!!!” everyone shouted at one time!
I immediately felt my spirit light spin wildly out of control.  It hit the containment ribbon of the dress like a liquid bullet fired from a shotgun.
The light perceived eminent danger in every direction imaginable…
The dress recoiled like a snake as the containment ribbon held its ground.  My spirit light vaulted frantically towards the sky.  My head swam in frenzied circles and I saw sparks fly mentally, as it shot like a freight train through my brain.  It was prevented passage though, and the light dove and rocketed straight down through my torso in response.  It needed a path of escape!  I had this mind numbing sensation as I thought how this cycle might continue forever.  My knees buckled for a flash of a second, but Tray held me firmly.
The turbulent light would have continued its crazed-filled journey, but as it passed through the inner fire, I started to regain a tiny bit of control.  The fire seemed to super heat the light and forced it to slow down.
I felt Tray channel something through me and I was thoroughly amazed that he could even function.  He was experiencing this madness right along with me.  I sensed if I couldn’t get this under control that he was going to rip the vestment off of my body.  Then, mass devastation would definitely ensue because I couldn’t control the release.
“NO DON’T DO IT!  I’LL GET IT UNDER CONTROL!!  GIMME A MINUTE, PLEASE TRAY!!” I shouted in my head.
I called to my internal fire to help me, although I had never been able to command it before.  My inner fire seemed to obey the frantic request and pursued the spirit light.  They combined into one.  I willed them to return to their resting places.  They each fought desperately for control and churned furiously.  I called out to my spirit light…RETREAT…die down…now fade…
The light spun around inside the inner fire like water going down a drain.  With one final flicker, my spirit light faded back into its resting place.  The crowd had no clue how dangerously close they were to disaster.  They continued to applaud and shout my name – making a huge commotion.  For a micro-second I wanted to rip the vestment away myself, vault my spirit light right into the middle of their ridiculously loud chaos and force them into total submission.
“I could do it too – that’ll shut them up for sure!!!!”
Tray had a death grip on me.  So when he burst out laughing, I could barely breathe.
“I need air…”
He didn’t release his hold, but he did ease up some.  I inhaled audibly and I looked around at the massive crowd of people…
“Creator, just take me now…”
“I’d rather you stay with me, please…” Tray whispered and continued to laugh.
“Shut it or I’ll throw us both to this pack of hungry jackals…”

Chapter Seventy Two

I would have to say that moment would clearly stand out as the wildest head rush of my life.  It also rates as the closest I’ve ever come to killing over 150 people without blinking an eye.  The crowd had been given strict instructions not to yell anything, so I was caught completely off guard!
Willow had been so right.  I felt Ember’s spirit light spiral out of her control, and my first instincts were white hot rage and immediate attack.  I thought I was prepared for this moment.  I would’ve sworn after the crazy ‘burn-my-little- girl-alive’ test that this would be a piece of cake.  I realized belatedly that these kids were mainly strangers.  As bloodlust clouded my vision, I was bent on massive crowd annihilation.
Out of the ocean of people, I somehow knew precisely where Ember’s friends were, and where our chosen family was standing in relation to our direct proximity.  I also knew beyond all doubt that those few people would be safe from my homicidal wrath.  That was thoroughly unexplainable though, given my all-consuming insanity.
It should have terrified me to know that I could destroy every single person – except those few – and never give it a second’s worth of thought or worry.  I was out of control and I knew it would be a bloodbath.  I channeled something directly to my little girl, but I had no idea what it was.  All I knew was that it didn’t filter through the cunning ribbon because that’s not where I directed it.
Ember’s thoughts and spirit light raced through our bodies, simultaneously.  My rage was fueled by her struggle to regain control.  I was at the point of no return.
She yelled for me to not remove the vestment.  If there ever was a time I wanted to deny her, it was right that second.  I held her closer to me and felt her inner fire rise up as it gave chase to her chaotic spirit light.
I readied myself and prepared to strike with lethal precision.  Before I could react though, I felt Willow channel something through me.  Her channel was amplified by Ember’s power struggle somehow.  My mind raced through what seemed like a thousand memories, in less than one minute.
Grandma Edie…Willow…Ember…Ember…Ember…
Somehow I channeled Willow’s power through the cunning ribbon, and surrounded my little girl with her aura.  I could even hear Willow’s voice ripple straight through me.  It filtered directly into Ember although technically that’s not possible.
“Retreat the light…calm your spirit…now fade the light…” she commanded.
My vision went from bloody red and homicidal, to a weak haze of pink, but I was still on guard.  It took a few seconds before my vision finally returned to somewhere near normal.  Ember regained control with Willow’s assistance.  Then, my little girl is in danger alert lowered back down into the yellow range.
I laughed hysterically when Ember considered frying the crowd.  After what we had just experienced, I wondered if she could read my mind too.  I shudder to think what the headlines would have read the next day if Ember and Willow hadn’t managed to get me back under control.  Bloodbath Birthday Bash – Tray Pateman Style…
Ember refused to allow me to release my hold on her, even after she got her spirit light and terror in check.  She knew I could easily channel obliterations through her cunning ribbon, but this scene had frightened her to a new level.  I was stuck to her back through her bidding.  After she greeted thirty or so people in a haunted voice that wasn’t her own, I realized we might stay locked in this embrace all night.  I’m sure we were a sight to behold too.  People probably thought we fell into a vat of super glue together.
We made our way over to Ember’s table with seating cards labeled in Elizabeth’s finest handwriting.  My little girl still refused to let me release my hold.  Her own normal voice echoed inside my head from her thoughts.  It was her physical voice that alarmed me to the core of my being.  I had never heard that voice come out of her mouth.  It almost sounded like she was possessed by a demon.
It was going to look very ridiculous if she ended up sitting on my lap all night, but that’s where she wanted to be.  The truth is I couldn’t let her go either.  She was the only thing keeping me halfway sane right then.  So I held onto her like both our lives depended on it, and in a way they kind of did.  I resolved to stay just like this all night long, or until I could channel enough obliterations to make everyone leave.
As always, Willow had other plans in mind…I’m helpless to defy her wishes too it would seem…
“You can release her now, Tray.  Both ribbons are working perfectly.  I can feel your “back away from Ember” and your “don’t touch her” persuasions.  I absolutely demand that you retract your “wasn’t the party great – it’s over now” obliteration, because six people are already headed out the door!”
“Ember won’t let me release her.  She’s terrified and in shock.  I can’t let go of her until she’s ready…”

Chapter Seventy Three

All that was left of me after their surprise was my worthless, frightened remains.  Somehow my legs were still functioning as my excited best friend led me through the crazy mass of loud people.  I was scared senseless.  I felt almost numb from the terror.  Well, I could still feel my inner fire, but the rest of me was useless.  The flames burned low and gentle, as if to reassure me that I was going to be alright.
But, I am miles away from being okay…
My internal fire refused to give into my hysteria though.  It wrapped its way around the outer containment ribbon.  It felt like a heated massage along its pathway.
Although it did help calm me down a little, I knew I would go over the edge again if Tray even adjusted his pose in the slightest.  I felt his every obliteration and didn’t protest once.  If he had convinced this massive crowd that we had all gotten drunk and now we’re all under house arrest for the next fifty years, I would have smiled and happily agreed.  Then, I would have gratefully chained myself into my own bedroom – never to be seen again…
This gigantic out of control mob scene was worthy of any Hollywood party gone way over the top.  The only things missing were red carpets and flashing cameras in my face.
“Oh my holy Creator help me, I will lose it for sure if that happens!  Destroy all cameras with extreme prejudice…”
I was filled with renewed dread and a sense of dire apprehension when I considered camera flashes.  This has got to be the day I’m supposed to return to my Maker – I feel quite sure.  The resulting panic seemed to control most of my brain functions.
“Got your video cameras folks??  If you think the lunchroom meltdown was a scene to witness, wait and see what I’m gonna do in here…”
Then, I heard Willow’s voice speaking to me from some great, uncharted expanse…
“Ember, you’re fine.”
“No, I’m not,” I said the words, but the voice that issued them didn’t belong to me at all.
I smiled and waved at someone else – so this is what a total mental meltdown feels like…
“I’m so sorry my Tray – I know this is my first nervous breakdown, but how many of these have I given you over the years??  I swear to let you command my every movement from this moment on…just make this all disappear for me…please…”
It turns out that even in my all-consuming insanity I was talking and responding appropriately to everyone.  But, I had no idea I was accomplishing that particular feat.  I didn’t recognize my own voice, although no one else seemed to notice that it wasn’t me they were chatting with.  I couldn’t count the voices or the faces anymore.  My mind refused to remain here…I need…to…escape…
“Can you hear me?” Tray was speaking to me.
I couldn’t answer him anymore, with either my voice or my thoughts.  I was drifting away…away from me…into that dark, quiet space that I had been locked inside of one time before…I started fading in and out…I welcomed it…
“Do NOT go there, Ember!  I need you to hear me now…” he demanded and was probably shouting it hysterically, but I barely heard his voice as a whisper.
I…am…so…far…away…
“I can and will make this all disappear for you, but not until you come back from the darkness.  You will come back to me, right this instant,” my brother ordered me to return to reality.
My mind desperately reached for Tray as his assurance finally registered with me.  He’s right here with me, and he will make this all go away.  The awareness surrounded the shadows and suddenly, my spirit light seemed to yank me back from the abyss.
“You’re safe…I’m right here with you…I’m not gonna let you go.  I love you and you’re staying here with me,” Tray urgently whispered to me.
Eventually, his words forced most of the darkness to retreat.  He was still firmly latched onto my back and his arms were securely around my waist.  I knew he could sense how close I had just come to hiding inside my thoughts.  The crowd had no clue still that I was teetering on the brink.  My brother was sufficiently frightened and decided to intervene before the shadows stole me away again.
“Everyone wants to dance…”
His obliteration swirled around the cunning ribbon and the warmth of my inner fire instantly looped around it, in the opposite direction.  Tray’s persuasion radiated from the ribbon like a massive tidal wave.  I watched in awed amazement, as my inner fire seemed to amplify my brother’s obliteration.  It felt like the boost had the power of the Creator feeding it.  My brother’s words and the incredible spiritual power behind it resulted in a shocking stream of electric blue and silver mist.  I reached out to touch the resulting combination as it poured from the cunning ribbon.  The mixture wrapped around my hand like it was holding it.
The crowd immediately dispersed, because of Tray’s obliteration.  They all danced unaware of me and the streaming mist of my salvation.  My brother removed the obliteration to Willow obviously, since she never left our side to dance.  Once the crowd was far enough away, I heard him whisper and ask Willow if she had just channeled that incredible power boost.
“No way – I don’t have that kind of spiritual power.  I felt it though…” Willow replied and then fell silent.
They couldn’t figure out what was going on or how that boost just happened.  I didn’t have any explanation for it either.  But, my mind was still perched close to the edge of hysteria.
The blue and silver stream of combined mist caressed my outstretched hand.  I tried to force my racing thoughts to slow down as I allowed them both to soothe me.  Even after a few minutes however, I was still shaking uncontrollably.  I had no earthly idea how I was going to make it through this mammoth ordeal.  My mind felt like a worthless puddle from my crushing anxiety, and my overwhelming concern for my brother’s welfare.
The silver mist seemed to respond to my mental frenzy and it separated from the blue essence stream.  It shimmered and mesmerized me as it gently wrapped around my arm.  It worked its way up and then, it eventually surrounded my body.  The crowd continued to dance, unaware…
From seemingly out of nowhere, my Boo-bear appeared.  I had no idea how long he had been standing in front of me before I noticed him.  He reached his small hand out, so he could hold mine.  The silver mist wrapped around his hand.  It obviously wanted to include him in our embrace.
“Ember is the moon…” he stated clearly as his light blue aura streamed from his fingertips.
“Yes, my little honey…for tonight, at least…Ember is going to be the moon…” I finally found my true voice again and agreed with his assessment.
“Make a wish…watch it happen…” Boo offered softly and prepared to give me what I asked for.
I searched his eyes and I could see his spirit.  It held untold secrets.  Maybe one day he’ll share them with me…
My turbulent thoughts settled down, revealing my heart’s desire.  I knew precisely what I wanted my birthday wish to be and I also knew that it would be granted.
“Just for this one night…I wanna be free…” I wished aloud and felt something divine start to happen.
“While your party’s going on you have no worries, fears and anxieties…you’re carefree and happy…” Tray offered the obliteration.
I felt his channel flow through me like a warm spring shower.  The silver mist and the electric blue essence twisted in opposing directions again around the cunning ribbon.  Then, Boo-bear outstretched his palms and his light blue aura blended into the others.  My mind was instantly liberated as my brother’s offered obliteration consumed my thoughts.
“The moon wanders free…” Boo’s little voice commanded.
Then, as quickly as he appeared, he vanished.  I whispered “thank you” in my mind and I knew he could hear it.  I closed my eyes and felt something wonderful and amazing.  It was something I had never felt before.  I had no boundaries, no limits and no worries at all…
I spent my 16th birthday party without a single care in the world.  I danced with everyone who wanted to dance with me and I listened to their real life stories.  I ate more food in that one night than I think I had eaten all week.  My laughter echoed through the room, and the memory of it would remain with me forever.  Not one scary, dark, unhappy or depressing thought touched my awareness the entire night.
I knew eventually my enchanted reverie would unravel, because everything in life has limits.  The beautiful channel was a gift of love from my brother, Boo-bear and the silver mist.  I was happy, completely free and I would enjoy every last second of it.  The channeled obliteration convinced my mind, soul and body that for those few heavenly hours, I was living in a world without boundaries or concerns.  It was an amazing dream combined into my reality – an elaborate illusion.
The way I figure it, most great memories are one part truth and one part what we wish for…and if they’re not…they should be…
The room was filled with so many people that it reminded me of a small country.  I worked my way through the masses, in search of Krista.  I couldn’t decide whether I would thank her or smack her for this gimonsterous party.  It took some major investigative work, but I finally managed to discover where my best friend was hiding.
“You realize you’re dead meat come Monday.  So you need to plan for that inevitability…” I told Krista and tried to keep a straight face while I threatened her.
“Don’t blame me for this!  I refuse to swing from the gallows alone on this one.  My grandmother was the culprit who wanted to throw it.  What was I supposed to do, refuse her??  I’ve gotta live in that house and she’s extraordinarily persuasive.  If I’m gonna face the death sentence on Monday then she’s walking with me…” Krista offered and tried equally hard to maintain a serious facial expression.
It didn’t take very long before we were both laughing at the irony.  She knew my threats were nothing more than hot air – an attempted ‘Ember-con-job’.  We both realized she was only half joking about her grandmother.  Although Elizabeth was very tiny she was also extremely tenacious.  This party was her suggestion and that meant it was going to happen regardless.
It took some seriously major planning.  They had both outdone themselves.  I truly felt like my heart would burst from the generosity of this gesture.  I love my best friend and Elizabeth so much – I wonder how I’ll ever repay them?
“I want you to know that you’re on my sacred ‘trust list.’  You’ve been on it for a long time, but I’ve never shared that fact with you,” I told her truthfully.
“Wow, you keep actual lists and I made the cut??  I demand to see all the other lists so I can shoot for a ‘two-list-Ember-record’…”
“That’s the only list I keep that you wanna have your name added to…” I humorously stated.
She and I both started crying once we stopped laughing.  It seemed silly when I thought about it.  When a girl is twirling around inside a beautiful fairy tale though, it’s perfectly okay to cry – as long as it’s from happiness at least.
Tray shadowed me everywhere I went.  He used obliterations to ensure that no one could get too close to me.  Even enclosed inside my lovely fairy tale, I still didn’t want to be touched by strangers.  Later I would understand that my brother had been worried that the illusion might shatter if someone infringed on my personal space.
It’s interesting to realize that just last night I wanted to run away from this area.  I wanted to be liberated from my stasis.  Turns out that this freedom is exactly what I wanted, and it’s all I needed too.  My spirit light and my inner fire filled me.  They happily combined inside – perfectly content to remain united.
The minutes ticked away into the night.  I knew I would have to take the vestment off, regardless of my desire.  The pressure underneath the fragile material was already tremendous.  My body felt electrified from the build-up.  The surging energy was already threatening to overwhelm the containment ribbon.  I wanted to hold on to my heavenly channeled obliteration for as long as possible.  Once the vestment was off, the illusion would disappear.  So I would struggle against the ‘internal-spiritual-power-tsunami’ until I couldn’t tolerate it anymore.
My inner fire seems to be consuming a portion of the built up power…
I didn’t actually want my enchanted reverie to last forever.  Without the hard times and the challenges, I wouldn’t believe this night was total paradise.  I wouldn’t trade this memory for anything.  My lovely birthday fairy tale was the finest gift I had received in my life.
Krista’s gift came in a close second though.  She told me about how everyone picked out two songs and added them to the playlist.  The crowd was so big that not everyone’s would get played tonight.  My best friend was going to download them into my iPod, so I would have them forever.  Her gift reminded me of something I had been meaning to tell her.
“By the way, I wanted to thank you for taking care of my musical downloads.  I also wanted to compliment you on your taste in music.  All those extra songs you put on my iPod are spectacular…” I announced.
“You’re welcome, but I have no idea what extra songs you’re talking about.  I only loaded what you requested…” she replied and looked confused.
Tray had been keeping my iPod in his pocket.  I powered it up and searched through my library to show her.  I couldn’t find any of those extra songs though.  I finally shrugged my shoulders and said we would look for them later.  Krista narrowed her gaze and turned her head sideways.  I’m not the type to wait until later.  Tonight was different – anything puzzling could wait until tomorrow.  I don’t get to live inside a fairy tale every day.
The basement ceiling was covered in strands of black lights so anything white looked like it was glowing purple.  A disco ball over the dance floor cast a million tiny beams over the people dancing.  Elizabeth had the party catered and she even hired a DJ – interestingly, his pony tail was almost longer than mine although his very evident bald spot made that seem impossible.
“Elizabeth, I’m so grateful for everything.  I’ll spend the next forty years of my life paying the two of you back,” I gushed.
“I want you to look at my Krista out on the dance floor.  She’s all dressed up, having fun and really living.  As far as I’m concerned, I still owe you.  I’ve had many adventures in my years – and quite a few that can’t be shared at the risk of my being arrested.  You know my Krista though, and that’s something no one else has ever been able to accomplish.  Not even that little boy she’s taken with knows her like you do…” Elizabeth looked at Greg and gave him a sideways glance.
“I’ve never had a friend like Krista – I’m the fortunate one.”

Chapter Seventy Four

Even the world’s most addicted junkie would’ve tossed aside their habit after an experience like the one I had while attached to Ember that night – nothing else would ever compare.  I felt drunk and heavenly from her heady power surges.
In a few instances, I have no idea what I channeled to Ember.  The best I can figure is they were a rebound effect from the tidal wave crashing through my body.  Those out of control, unknown channels to her would likely get me a gimonsterous lecture from Celeste later.  Something indescribably powerful was assisting me anytime I channeled obliterations.  My gift would work on the entire crowd, unless I directed it to a specific person.
When the chaos ensued earlier, Ember’s psychic shout stopped me just in the nick of time.  I was going to rip her outer vestment off and the consequences would have been disastrous.  I had no way to describe the way her spirit light felt as it rocketed through my body.
Poor Ember, she’s always trying to define the unexplainable…there are no words to describe her incredible power…
I had felt my little girl’s spirit light channel out before that night.  I could feel it every time I assist her with Vaydem dances.  In those previous instances though, her spirit light had just surrounded me gently.  I only experienced it like a tickle or low vibration.
But, my opinion might be slightly altered somewhat by the fact that I have enough strength to knock this five story building to the ground if I could get in about ten good punches…
Her channeling her spirit light ‘to surround me’ is definitely nothing compared to her channeling its power ‘through me.’  It felt like an epic thrill ride.  It frightened me when I realized that I wanted to beg her to take me on that ride again right after this journey ended.  Well, only the ‘channeling-through-me-thrill-ride-part’ – definitely NOT the ‘scaring-half-the-life-out-of-us’ part.
After her mental meltdown, I never thought I would have the strength in me to ever release my hold on her again.  I came extremely close to running away from this town, and hiding out for a while.  My mind was shouting for me to take her away.  In the end however, we simply stayed at the party.  I also withdrew my ‘the party’s over, so get out now’ obliteration that I channeled to at least a dozen people.  The outcome would have been decidedly different if Willow hadn’t kept defiantly holding her ground.  She refused to allow me to end this madness through my skill, or by running away with my little girl.  She insisted that everything was going to be perfectly fine.  I find her look of defiance tremendously exasperating and very alluring.
I swear, I think she’s determined to steal any remaining sense I have…
“Aren’t you glad now that you didn’t grab Ember and go runnin’ off through the night??  See what she woulda missed out on…” Willow stated quietly as I channeled obliterations and watched Ember have the time of her life.
“To be perfectly honest, I find I’m much happier about the fact that everyone in here’s still flippin’ breathing air.  That permanent dirt nap loomed way too close for my comfort – if you know what I mean,” I replied and winked.
“Well, I suppose there’s that too…” Willow said whimsically and started spinning around me in circles.
“Yeah, there certainly is that…” I replied in a dreamlike state.
I was being hypnotized as I watched her dance.  I lost my concentration for a second and I almost channeled something I didn’t want to in Ember’s general direction.  So I tried with everything inside me to focus on anything other than Willow and her mesmerizing movements.  My only defense was to talk about something – anything…
“We need to figure out why on earth everyone yelled ‘surprise’ after we told them not to?  We made it clear on the invitations…” I stated.
“We’ll figure everything out after the party’s over…” she whispered as I closed my eyes.
This helped me break her hypnotic Ay’sha spell and I hoped it might somewhat alleviate my headache.  I rubbed my temples, but not even that helped in the slightest.  By the time I opened my eyes, Willow had stopped dancing.
“Is your head hurting?  Are you feeling sick from channeling so many obliterations?” she asked with genuine concern.
“It’s not my skill I’m worried about right now…not with the way you’ve been dancing around me, at least…” I tried to deflect her question and hoped she would drop the subject.
No chance of that happening though because I was trying to con a con artist in her case…
“That’s not what I asked you, Tray.  I want you to answer my questions – are you feeling sick and is your head hurting?”
“Some…” I replied because I had no choice.
Lying wasn’t an option – I would never intentionally deceive her.  It’s impossible to be gypsy creative with her either, she knows all the tricks.  Plus, she demanded answers and I’m helpless to deny her.  So, I reluctantly admitted the truth and watched as that horrible look of worry clouded her facial features.
“Why don’t I go get Ember, and we’ll all step outside to get some fresh air?”
“She’s having so much fun – I think I can handle a few more songs…” I said and must have believed what I was saying.
“No way – she needs a break from this mass chaos too.  So it’s not just for you.  We’ll take a breather outside for thirty minutes…”
“There’s no way we’re taking a break for thirty whole minutes.  That’s way too long to keep her away from the party…”
“Okay, how long then?” she questioned me and waited to hear the terms of my gypsy deal.
“Five minutes, at most…” I offered.
“Twenty eight…”
“You’re not giving me very much to work with here, Willow,” I replied, humorously.
“Let’s see – we’ve been inside for over two hours without a minute’s break.  That’s too long and we need to think about her welfare.  So we’re gonna take a twenty minute break, because Ember urgently needs to inhale some outside air.  She won’t go anywhere without you, so you’re risking her health by prolonging it…”
“I’m destined to always lose with you, right?”
“That’s the fate of my humble man servant – I’m afraid…” Willow joked and tried to hide the fact she was speaking the truth.
Willow walked over and told Ember she needed to take a break.  It hurt me severely to take her away from the party.  The heat my little girl was generating through my system though made me believe that Willow was right.  Several people offered to walk outside with Ember, but then they suddenly had a change of heart – go figure?
I inhaled the frigid outside air, but it wasn’t cooling me down fast enough.  So I took my shirt off too.  The icy wind brushed against my sweaty skin and it barely registered.  I now entirely understood why Ember was standing in the creek water barefooted, after the last snowfall.  Boy, I’m so freakin’ sorry I made her get out of the creek that day.  I felt like I could boil the entire Antarctic Ocean from a quick, three second skinny dip.
How does she stand this constant inferno that burns inside of her??
I continued to channel Ember’s illusion obliteration as I sat down on the bench outside.  I had no way of knowing if it would re-channel if I stopped to take a break.  But, it was much easier to channel an obliteration to only one person.  My throbbing head quieted down to a subtle roar and I sighed in relief.
My little girl ran across the parking lot like she had never been outside before in her whole life.  She had her arms outstretched and made a mad dash toward the edge of the forest – almost out of my visual range.  I instantly jumped up, ready to pursue her.
“Stop Ember – stay where we can see you at all times…” Willow yelled and motioned for her to come back to us.
She turned back around, smiled at us and then, started turning cartwheels.  The cunning ribbon would work no matter how far my little girl wandered.  I couldn’t allow her to run out of my sight though.  This usually occurs because I’m paranoid.  Tonight however, my channeled obliteration makes her feel like she’s invincible.  That places her in danger.  I also had to consider the fact that she might not stop running until she reaches that ocean she wants to see so badly.
“Thanks,” I said to Willow.
“You’re most welcome,” she replied, and then looked me up and down.  “That certainly is an interesting look for February in the mountains…especially with two inches of snow and ice on the ground…”
“Ember’s currently torching me from the inside through the cunning ribbon link.  So, I only have a couple of choices.  It’s either standing outside half naked, or throwing myself on the melting ice sculpture inside.”
“I’d love to see you do that…” she conveyed and my eyes widened in surprise. “Don’t worry – I won’t require that particular feat from you until a later date…”
“That statue would be a steaming puddle in less than ten seconds if I did toss myself on it.  I hope you realize that…” I replied, comically.
“Any idea as to why your obliteration skill worked on her tonight?” she asked me, curiously.
“Not a single clue.  She doesn’t have any idea either, but she’s having a great time because of it.  It sort of makes me wish my skill would work on her all the time.  Well, if my obliterations worked on her, then there’s no telling where we’d be or what would be happening…” I said and fell silent.
It was odd to consider all the things that led us to this moment.  I couldn’t think about them right now though.  There were too many factors and ‘what if’s’ to add into the equation.  I primarily stopped talking about it however, because I was scared of what I might accidentally say to her.  Ember’s thoughts are forcing my emotions to surface due to the cunning ribbon.  I couldn’t imagine not finding Willow again and I didn’t want to even think about that.  If my skill worked on my sister, I didn’t know if we would be standing here, together.
Somehow she understood that I couldn’t continue down the path of this particular conversation.  She’d always been able to read me like a book.  So, I wasn’t stunned when she changed the subject in order to help relieve the pressure I was suddenly placing myself under.
“I’d like to figure out what’s helping to amplify your skill so much.  It’s generating a tremendous amount of spiritual power…” Willow wondered out loud.
“It might be something coming from inside of Ember…”
“Do you sense any danger coming from it?  If it has the power to boost your obliterations to a crowd that size, I can’t imagine what it’s capable of doing on its own…”
“Actually, her assessment of it was right.  I feel ‘it’ warning her and drawing her away from things I normally would too.  But, I still don’t trust whatever ‘it’ is – that’s just a given.  I understand what you’re worried about in reference to it…” I told her.
Most dark spiritual essences burn red hot and deep inside.  Ember hasn’t had a dark thought all night, but my ribbon link to her only permitted me access to what she’s thinking about right now.  My obliteration removed any bad thoughts.  Regardless of my channeled gift, I didn’t think a dark essence could hide among her thoughts for hours without surfacing – at least, I hoped it couldn’t.  I had promised to respect Ember’s privacy.  That meant I couldn’t just start questioning her in order to fish around inside her mind.  So I would ask Willow to question her in a few days once things have sort of settled back down.
We discussed possible sources of her internal furnace.  The warmth it generated was indescribable.  Willow and I eventually agreed that it wasn’t anything evil, because something wicked wouldn’t warn her to stay away from danger.  That was the only relief I would have for the moment as Ember’s fire assaulted me, internally.
“She’s certainly content enough, regardless of the burning torch inside,” Willow observed her dance around in the cold, dead grass.
“Ember seems to thrive on its heat or something.  But, I feel like I’m the sacrificial virgin that’s just been thrown down to the volcano gods...”
Willow exploded with laughter.
And, she thinks I’m kidding!

Chapter Seventy Five

After three and a half hours of dancing, I could feel my spirit light pressing against the vestment, hard.  It was demanding to be released.  The spiritual power had been building steadily all night long.  My inner fire was still burning at a moderate intensity, although it was helping to absorb some of the pent up energy.  I knew it would likely become super-heated, because of the overload from containing my spirit light.  I wanted to extend this night as long as I possibly could, but the inner rising storm was threatening to erupt.
I was also worried about my brother.  After careful observation, he appeared to be fine.  I didn’t know how that was possible – even with assistance from the cunning ribbon.  He must be in pain because this crowd is probably twice the size of the one from the cafeteria that day.  So, how he was channeling his skill to this incredibly large number of people was a mystery to me.  I also knew that he was getting the other half of my firestorm because of the cunning ribbon – rained on by the sun god.
Tray cleared a large space around me on the dance floor.  This evening was quickly coming to an end.  In an effort to enjoy the last few songs, I was dancing alone under the disco ball.  The mirrored lights spun crazily beneath my feet.  I watched them and then, I started to feel slightly dizzy.
The containment ribbon that surrounded my body felt like a huge strip of molten lava as the internal fire continued to flow through it.  The flames helped the ribbon absorb the power of my spirit light.  Regardless of its assistance, I knew I would have to release this spiritual power soon or implode.
Then, the music suddenly changed in mid-song.  It slowed down to a beautiful, haunting melody – one I had never heard.  My spirit light responded to the beat by withdrawing back into my inner fire.  They combined into their heavenly union.  The heat rapidly lowered as the music filtered through my body.  My temperature plunged and renewed me somehow.
I need…to channel…
I need…so many things…
I feel…so wonderful…
Then, Eli walked up to the edge of my invisible Tray-made wall while I was centered inside my growing reverie.  I looked at him through half-closed eyes, as I felt the amazing sensations flow through me.  Staring at me awkwardly, he edged a little closer.  His face was clouded with nervousness as he spoke something to me.
“Hi, birthday girl…” Eli stated, or at least I think that’s what he said.
I couldn’t seem to respond to his greeting, because my voice wasn’t currently under my command.  I needed to somehow acknowledge that I heard him.  So I tried to nod my head in an effort to say ‘hello’ back.  I don’t think I actually did anything at all though.  For the time being, my lovely dream was holding me captive.  The best I could do was smile in his direction.
“Ahhh I’m so nice and cool…”
“Are you having fun?  I was worried because I thought all these people might freak you out.  I know you told me how private you are…” he stated tentatively and waited for me to respond with more than just a facial expression.
Shivering from euphoria…
I am the song…
I am the melody…
Heat…please…fill me…
“It’s… great… time…” I finally slurred something that might have passed as words, but I couldn’t form a sentence if my life depended on it.
The heat immediately responded to my unspoken request.  It started to rise softly and it made me feel all tingly.  I tried to focus on the person talking to me, but my eyes refused to cooperate with that idea.
“I’ve been trying to talk to you for days now…”
“UUmmm…hmmmm,” was all I managed to say in my total dream like state of amazing wonder.
I blinked my eyes in an attempt to focus on Eli somehow.  The heavenly heat would have no part of that instruction.  I finally gave in to the overwhelming urge to close my eyes and enjoy what was happening inside of me.  I hoped Eli knew that I was at least trying to listen.  I couldn’t do anything more than surrender to the euphoric heat and stand upright.
Too much pent up power…
“Ember, can we please reschedule our dinner?” he asked and I wanted to say ‘Dinner, what on earth is dinner?’
“Monday…Willow…see….” I whispered into the expansive divide that was being forged between my two realities.
The beautiful warmth cascaded through my body, and it consumed every inch of my being.  My soul is filled to capacity.
More…please…more…
The heat responded once again to my command.  It split into two separate streams and began to twist around me in opposing directions, simultaneously.  It crisscrossed through Tray’s obliteration and Boo bear’s essence.  The radiant inner heat left a trail of celestial shooting stars in its wake – visible only inside my mind.
Ember is the moon…
“She doesn’t necessarily have to come along…” his reply somehow seemed to stretch out across the vast chasm…his words were trying to reach me from a great unknowable distance.
I was being hypnotized by the heat…
My spirit light helped the warmth draw me inside myself…it wanted me to lose myself inside the euphoria.
Far, far away…aahhhhh…
“M’day, ‘k?” is what I think I said, but the sounds were all mushy.
I spun around and begged the heat to climb up…up…up…
“I was hoping to be able to take you out on a date alone.  I was thinking that your parents wouldn’t require you to have Willow as your chaperone, anymore…”
His words filtered into my awareness slowly…one insane syllable after the next…
“Now that you’re sixteen years old…” Eli finished explaining.
My dreamscape quickly started to unravel as comprehension of what was happening washed through me at a cellular level.  I was startled from Eli’s request.  The realization slammed into my awareness.  Suddenly, I was hurled back into reality, and the mental landing felt so…violent…
The result of being forced back into the real world without any warning was crushing.  My turbulent emotions charged through my consciousness.  The beautiful generated dreamscape that I was living inside instantly started to crumble.  I felt helpless despair as I watched it crack and splinter before my eyes.
Oh please don’t leave me…nooooo…
I involuntarily convulsed as I tried desperately to hold onto that reality.  Nothing I would do would keep it intact though.  I watched it shatter…completely powerless to stop it…
“OH…PLEASE…NO…COME…BACK…” my thoughts started shouting as the sorrow flooded into my soul.
My internal fire responded to my agony and blazed through my body as if my distress was gasoline.  Even my spirit light retreated into the empty place where the fire usually resides.  Then, my mind careened over the edge into emotional devastation…
My heart seemed to transform into a black…nothingness.  It shattered into a billion brilliant stars…each one…a tiny drop…of overwhelming sadness…
The fire raged and would not be denied.  It was violated by the interruption.
Then everything inside me suddenly went up in flames…

Chapter Seventy Six

I knew Eli had a ‘thing’ for my little girl from the moment he met her.  Unfortunately I had forgotten that fact in my co-joined reverie with Ember.  It was a miracle that I channeled the ‘stand back’ obliteration to him, given the status of my thought process, right then.  I realize if I had been able to maintain my focus that what occurred in the ensuing moments might have been avoided completely.  In my defense though, I was blinded by Ember’s euphoric mind vision.
I’ve always dreaded this day, but I knew it was coming whether I wanted it to or not – the day some guy braves me enough to ask my little girl out on a date.  I even tried to mentally prepare myself for it – like there’s some way to do that, but still…
I had repeatedly practiced by saying, “Sorry there buddy boy, but Ember’s joining a convent tomorrow and I don’t think you’re up for that kind of competition…”
Nothing that I had rehearsed entered my mind though.
Sadly, Willow and I had just discussed this matter yesterday.  We both believed that Eli would work up his courage to ask Ember out soon.  We never considered that he would do it right here – in front of her friends, no less.
It takes unbelievable bravery to ask a girl out under the best circumstances.  But to ask her while all of her gal pals stare on in gooey eyed wonder, beats anything I have ever witnessed.  I would have given him his props on this move too – if, it were someone else’s little girl he was asking out on a date, and I wasn’t currently raging, mental…
Eli’s words trickled through my thoughts first and were immediately followed by Ember’s overwhelming despair.  Suddenly my little girl went from out of this world pleasure to entirely grief stricken in less than a minute.  She desperately tried to hold onto the fracturing dreamscape in her mind.  Anguish clouded her every thought.  It riddled my heart with what felt like tiny stab wounds.  I was yanked violently from her dream state, right along with her.
Willow watched in astonishment.  She would remain speechless as I reacted without warning to Ember’s internal screams.  I was sitting beside Willow, the picture of calm contentment one second, and the next turned into a violent cobra’s strike.
I reacted without thinking…
Oh, please, please no – was all I heard her mind wail, and that’s all it took for me to respond with deadly force.
Her body stood immobile – a marble statue from shock.  Her thoughts poured into me though, like raging waters from a broken floodgate.  Her anguish rose up from the depths and consumed her.  It swept like a tidal wave through my awareness, and my vision was instantly bloody red.  I turned homicidal…
The scene played out like one of those cartoons on afternoon television.  It defied all the laws of natural physics.  It reminded me of the coyote that’s always chasing that bird around until he runs off the edge of a cliff…better not look down, Eli.
Willow told me later that she had tried to grab me and channel something useful, but she didn’t know what was happening.  I was oh, so glad she didn’t get the chance to touch me though.  I had turned predator and Eli Weston was my prey.
Ember’s spirit light seemed to bow before the internal blaze in complete surrender.  Her internal incinerator raged with the destructive force of a firestorm against her ensuing heartbreak.
Thankfully, Willow’s cunning ribbon never broke from the pressure, because I swear that is the one and only reason Eli lived to breathe another day.  I sprang to my feet and my ‘stand back’ obliteration dropped for just a few, but critical seconds.  Eli approached Ember with an outstretched hand.  He intended to ask her to dance, because another love song started to play through the speakers.  In my internal furious rampage, I perceived his action as a dangerous threat against her.
His back was to me.  So I grabbed the first thing I could get my hands on in order to stop him from touching her.  I jerked Eli up by his shirt right before he made physical contact with her hand.  I lifted him up over my head by only his shirt – it looked crazy.
Normally, fabric can’t withstand this type of punishment.  On any other day, this action would have simply ripped his shirt right off his back.  In this case however, the shirt didn’t have enough time to tear.  His buttons ricocheted off the ceiling before spraying down on the onlookers.  It looked like shiny round rocks raining down from heaven.  I prepared to sling Eli Weston with every ounce of strength I had.
That would have resulted in an Eli-shaped cartoon outline…
“NO – TRAY – NO…” Ember shouted to me in her mind.
She was still filled with sorrow and I couldn’t seem to stop the tidal wave of insanity that currently consumed me!  My body refused my mind’s direction.  I felt my strength as it seemed to build to a newfound ungodly force.  Ember’s inner fire blazed through me, hot and furious.  It was prepared to assist me with tossing Eli Weston into the next county over!  I lowered my arm slightly to get more distance from my throw…
“CALM DOWN…I CAN’T STOP THE FEELINGS, BUT THEY’LL PASS… I PROMISE!  CHANNEL AN OBLITERATION TO THE CROWD…PLEASE, DO IT NOW…” Ember thought to me, urgently.
I channeled my obliteration again before anyone could react with more than a quick gasp.  The heat sizzled through my channel.  It burst from the cunning ribbon.  I watched in wide eyed amazement as the burst looked like a wind storm sweeping through the crowd.
Unsure of what to do next, I still held Eli suspended above my head.  I was panting from the surging heat and from unspent rage.  Willow walked over to me and lightly stroked my flexed arm.  Then, she channeled and her calming aura surrounded me as I lowered Eli back to the floor – a good distance away from Ember, but still in front of her.
“Well, just let me know where you’d like to go on our date.  Well, we’ll go if it’s okay with you, that is, Tray?” Eli asked tentatively and looked extremely confused.
His button-less shirt was open, exposing his chest.  I fought back a hysterical bout of laughter because he looked so ridiculous.  The crowd looked on at the now unseen spectacle and stared at both Eli and Ember with hopeful, doe-eyed looks of budding teenage romance.
Not with my little girl, buddy…
“Use your skill on him, nicely,” Ember thought.
I channeled and Eli walked away from her convinced that he didn’t even get a chance to ask Ember out yet.
He’s thinking ‘Monday’…I’m thinking ‘fat flipping chance Button Boy’…
Ember’s heart then swayed from astonishment back to distress.  Her emotions flooded through me like another angry tidal wave.  Her spirit light reasserted its position and its spiritual power doubled in force as it rapidly descended, downward.  It needed a way to escape.  It struck against the tattoo containments around her ankles.  I caught her just before her legs gave way.  The light rocketed back through her system and desperately searched for a way to be released.  It couldn’t be contained any longer…
Ember’s going to implode if I don’t do something!
I lifted her up as gently as I could and bolted toward the north hallway in all out panic mode.  Willow followed my mad dash and knew immediately what was wrong.  She yelled “turn left” from behind me.  We were headed to the channeling circle that had been prepared outside so Ember could release the incredible energy from inside her body.
She went limp in my arms and the door exploded off its hinges as I rushed into the room where Celeste was waiting with Boo.  I slammed through the next door that led outside.  Then, I ran to the awaiting channeling ring and stood there like a moron.  I couldn’t remember what I was supposed to do.
Celeste ran around the edge of the circle.  She shouted for me to tear off the vestment and place her on the ground.  In one swift motion, I ripped the thin dress from Ember’s body and tossed it aside.  They somehow managed to open the power circle, although we weren’t currently in our ring positions.
“Put her down now…” Celeste screamed the command to me.
“Tray, she has to be in the Apex…” Willow shouted.
My mind registered the demand, but I couldn’t seem to obey it.  My little girl was unconscious.  I wasn’t about to just toss her body on the ground inside the Apex or anywhere else for that matter.  Her spirit light careened around inside of me – trying unsuccessfully to escape through my body.  I saw a thousand explosions behind my eyes, because it couldn’t find any way to break away from me.  I was blinded.  I refused to drop my little girl, so I stepped forward into the Apex position with her.
“NO!  Only Ember can stand in the Apex…” someone shouted.
The Apex recoiled violently from my intrusive presence.  It felt like I just ran into a cinder block wall.  I used one fist and punched forward through the invisible barrier, but it stayed firmly in place.  Then, Ember’s spirit light zigzagged through my body and into my fist.  I pounded the barrier between us and the Apex and it finally surrendered to the force of her spirit light.
My vision returned the instant her spirit light had flowed into my arm.  Next, I quickly turned Ember around so she would be facing outward.  I prepared to walk us inside the spinning vortex where she would normally stand alone.  I crushed her body against my chest and held on for dear life.  Right before I stepped inside the epicenter, I grabbed the bracelets from her arms.  The storm appeared to reach for them in righteous fury.  The bracelets went wildly sailing through the air.
Once we were standing inside the Apex, Ember woke up terrified from the mind blowing chaos.  She shouted, “Take the light!”  Every spectacular color of the rainbow rocketed toward the sky.  The energy began to channel upward seemingly on a journey to knock the moon out of its orbit.  The moon swelled with the arrival of the powerful rainbow.
It seemed to demand more and more of the spiritual energy.  The celestial body was bent on trying to rip it from her body as if she wasn’t giving the power away fast enough to suit it.  I felt my feet start to drag across the ground as though they had been lassoed by a moon beam.
I defiantly dug my heels into the earth and fought against the celestial tugging.  I held onto Ember as tightly as I dared.  I didn’t want to crush her to death.  Even with all my extra strength, I couldn’t stem the overwhelming tide.  We were both drawn into the center of the circle and I said a quick prayer.  If we had still been at Sunridge we would have been torched by the bonfire because we landed in the middle.
Ember’s spirit light was channeling through my arms because they were locked firmly around her chest.  The light pushed against my embrace with the velocity of a torrential hurricane.  The moon was trying to force me to surrender my little girl.  The celestial body in the heavens wanted to steal her away…
My back was pressed against the surface of the earth through some unseen source.  I held her in a bear hug, but suddenly her right arm broke free.  It was being yanked upward.  Extra energy exploded from her finger tips even though the volcano continued to channel through her chest and my arms.
The moon responded with a demand for more raw energy and we were both being pulled toward the sky in reply to its command.  I felt my back inching off the ground as the heavy hand of gravity seemed to give up its fight.
“Give the light to the earth Ember!” Willow shouted through the massive pandemonium of the war between the moon and her spirit light.
Ember immediately complied and turned her palm downward toward the ground.  The energy appeared to rebound from the earth’s surface.  It pushed her hand skyward once again.  It was total bedlam as she struggled against the surging release of power.  The moon and earth’s gravity were playing a game of celestial tug-o-war – insane-space-flight-style…
“Earth – take the Light!” Ember shouted the order hysterically, but the earth refused to obey her command.
I felt my back starting to inch off of the ground.  The moon was going to take us both.  I locked my legs around her waist and used every ounce of strength in them to hold on to her body.  Releasing my bear hug out of necessity, I gripped her forearms.  I pushed against the force of her spirit light as it struggled to send her hands toward the sky.  Her palms finally started to inch downward as I used all of my remaining strength to push them toward the ground.  The instant her fingers touched the earth, we were snapped back down by what felt like a giant chain – pulled tight.  Then, we were bolted firmly to the surface as gravity won the battle.
Ember’s spirit light rocketed through the dirt like lightning and struck the edge of the channeling circle.  The circle refused to give the light free passage.  It lit ablaze in a brilliant ring of pure blue fire.  The light seemed to channel endlessly – releasing its power through her chest to the moon and through the palms of her hands to the earth.  The incredible and unreal fire grew hotter and blazed higher as the minutes ticked into infinity.
Gradually, the celestial power started to expend itself and the moon finally seemed to be satisfied.  Her spirit light faded into what looked like a shimmering moonbeam and then, disappeared like vapor into the dark night.  The raging blue inferno on the ground defied all logic and retreated into the earth instantly.  It left only a charred, thin line where the firewall had blazed just a few seconds ago – not even smoke was left behind…
I watched all of this in absolute amazement.  Willow and Celeste fell to their knees in obvious exhaustion and awe.  They both appeared unharmed.  I felt the weight of Ember’s body fully relax against my chest.  I exhaled in relief and it made my head swim a little.  It felt like I had been holding my breath the entire time.
We continued to lie on the ground together although I did ease up on my grip.  I couldn’t bring myself to actually let her go.  My little girl didn’t move a muscle and, after a while, I thought she might have fallen asleep.
“Ya’ know Tray I never thought we’d end up as a gimonsterous pot of gold at the end of the rainbow…” Ember pondered out loud while she was still lying on my chest.
I burst out laughing, hysterically.
“Florida, you realize that makes you the biggest leprechaun in history!” Willow exclaimed and her comment made us all breathless with laughter.

Chapter Seventy Seven

I must have drifted off to sleep at some point because when lucidity returned I discovered I was lying on a couch just inside the Vaydem Sacred Arboretum.  The protected forest was colossal – I couldn’t even see the other side.  I heard birds singing in the trees that towered above my head.  The air brushed against my exposed skin.  It felt like the world’s most refreshing breeze.  I wanted to inhale deeply, but I lacked the strength to accomplish that.
Physically and emotionally, I have never been so exhausted.  I closed my eyes and felt the fabric of the couch against my skin.  I wasn’t sure if I would ever be able to move again.
Except for one twenty minute break, I had danced all night.  Then, I had climbed to the height of my zenith, only to be ripped apart and tossed straight into a tortured pit of despair.  I started to feel the devastating sadness overtake my thoughts again as it rocketed through the darkness in my mind.  I forced my eyes back open and tried to keep the agony at bay.
The beauty of the forest rivaled the blackness of the heartache.  I pushed myself upright and my feet touched the ground.  I felt a low, frustrated vibration channel through my soles.  I was barefoot, but somehow I remembered what Celeste had told me about being inside the walls of the Arboretum.  It is hallowed ground and demands purity of my thoughts.
My crushing grief soaked my mind in sadness.  I didn’t have any way to make it stop because it was still so fresh and raw.  So I prepared to lie back down until…
“Ember…”
I thought I heard my name being whispered on the wind.  It sounded just like the voice from my forest flight when we first moved into our house.  I listened closely and heard the wind call my name again.  The voice seemed to be coming from the Preparation Room just a few feet away from where I was currently lying.  Curiosity fueled me as I desperately wanted to find the source of the voice.
Although I was very weak, I finally managed to stand up on the couch.  I couldn’t touch the earth inside the inner forest again because my thoughts were still dark from sorrow.  So I jumped toward the threshold of the sacred archway and crash landed on the etched tiled floor in the Preparation Room.  At least, I didn’t land on consecrated, sacred ground with my black thoughts.
I performed a quick mental inventory of my body and everything seemed to be intact.  Then, I looked around at the inside of the Vaydem Preparation Room and tried to see the source of the voice.  No one was in sight…I’m alone…
“Ember…”
Alcoves around the perimeter led into different ritual chambers.  Each archway had a sign posted above it, written in what appeared to be real gold.  Most were written in Vaydem script that meant I couldn’t interpret them.  I decided that I was going to learn the language if Rave would be willing to teach me.  It was maddening to see all those signs and not be able to read them.  Then I noticed that the biggest room had two signs posted above the entrance.  One was in Vaydem, but the other one was written in English – woo-hoo…
It read:  Ritual Chamber of Fire and Ice.  Two placards were posted above the archway.  They were bigger, more impressive than the others.
Perhaps they provide some kind of warning or maybe they held instructions on how to warp to another dimension…
I urgently needed to check out those signs.  They were too small to read from my vantage point on the floor.  My strength was almost non-existent, so I almost decided to give up.  Then I heard that familiar whisper again.  It called to me from inside the Fire and Ice Chamber.  Gathering some strength from some unseen source, I managed to slowly slide my body in that direction.
A few torturous minutes later, I was close enough to read the sign.  The placard read:  Let those who cross this sacred threshold bear witness to the holy union of fire and ice.  Bestow upon them a wise transcendence as their souls become forever enjoined with the power of Teira’shavalan – this hallowed earth.
I read the words over and over.  They seemed to echo hauntingly through my mind.  Then I looked inside the huge alcove.  Exquisite Vaydem vestments were hanging inside the ritual chamber.  The chamber was divided in the middle by a strip of tiles with etched characters on them.  One side of the chamber was electric blue and the other side was flaming red.  The fire and ice vestments matched the color of the walls and were made of a fine silk.  Both vestments had strings of pearls sewn onto them in unique patterns.  No two vestments were identical.
My spirit seemed to plead with me to enter that ritual chamber.  I desperately wanted to put on one of the vestments and walk through the sacred Vaydem forest – Teira’shavalan.  I had sadly expended every last ounce of my energy just sliding across the floor to read the sign.  I couldn’t even stand upright or touch the ground inside the inner forest regardless.  A tear slid down my nose and dripped onto the floor as I finally allowed the sorrow to consume me.  I felt myself drifting back off to sleep.  I didn’t have anything left to give anyway.
I was completely finished for the night…
But the night wasn’t finished with me…

Chapter Seventy Eight

Willow and I eventually found Krista at the DJ stand.  Ember’s best friend was completely frustrated by the time we managed to locate her.  The DJ wasn’t anywhere in sight and Krista was frantically slinging playlists and CD’s all over the table his computer was set up on.
“Where does he keep his flippin’ iPod cord?  I’ve gotta find it because he’ll lose some of Ember’s songs if I let him try to download them.  I promised her I would do it myself and it’s my gift anyway.  The DJ stepped outside hours ago to smoke or something.  He’s likely never comin’ back.  I’ve just gotta…” she shouted in exasperation and would have continued her rant, but I interrupted her.
“Don’t worry the songs will be there…” I stated to her and then, channeled the obliteration so she would calm down.
I needed her focused on me and not on the computer equipment right now.
“Krista did you tell everyone to ignore our instructions and yell surprise at Ember?” Willow questioned her in a serious tone.
“No, you gave me the sealed invitations with your instructions printed on the back in those huge bold letters.  After I handed them out, I got worried because I didn’t know if everyone would turn them over and read them.  It’s not like teenagers pay much attention to anything – much less the back of something.  Well, I got super nervous when I thought about that.
“So I took the guest list and personally spoke to everyone on it – one by one.  I made sure they all knew to read and follow the rules precisely.  That’s where I’ve been and what I’ve been doing every lunch hour for the past few weeks.  Ember thought I was ignoring her so I could make out with Greg in his car, but I had to make sure everyone read the back of the invitation…” Krista emphatically stated.
The plan was for only Krista to say ‘surprise’ and not too loudly.  The crowd was supposed to wait until Krista announced ‘she’s here’ and they would just clap – nothing else.  We figured this would give Ember enough time to register what was happening and process it a little before she had to react.  Kind of like a gentle ‘surprise’ if that’s even possible…
Then the crowd was instructed to make a wide path, so Ember could walk by without being touched.  They were supposed to keep their voices down until the music started too.  The entire scene was mass chaos from the moment we stepped inside and the bedlam didn’t stop until I channeled the obliteration.
Willow and I exchanged a look of total confusion.  We had no clue how it all fell apart like that.  Krista noticed our exchange and decided to provide us with even more proof.
“I promise that I personally spoke with everyone on the list you gave me Tray.  I made them swear to read and follow the instructions to the letter on the backside of the invitation.  I even made them sign the list as proof that I spoke to them and they understood what they were required to do.  I know how Ember is – she’s my best friend – I would never flip her out intentionally.  The crowd tonight – well, they even freaked me out, and I’m perfectly fine with loud noises and massive chaos…” she replied and shook her head in confusion.
“It’s okay Krista.  It’s not your fault.  We just need to figure out what happened…” Willow offered calmly.
“Hopefully you’ll share the knowledge with me when you do discover it.  See that stupid gimonsterous gift mountain over there?” she asked and pointed to the table that had massive piles of boxes that were spilling onto the floor.
We both nodded.
“Ember has declared my indentured servitude until every ‘thank you card’ is written.  We’ll probably be graduating from college before we get finished from the looks of it.  So much for having a life between then and now.  My poor boyfriend’s never gonna see me again unless he wants to sit and write thank you notes beside me.  There’s definitely NOTHING romantic about that little proposition no matter how creative I am…”
Willow snickered, but somehow managed to suppress the outright laughter.
“So you didn’t change our approved instructions or alter them in any way at all?” I inquired one more time not knowing what I was hoping to discover.
Krista retrieved the guest list and then, handed it to me.  It had everyone’s signature beside their name as proof that they were aware of the stipulations.  A huge statement at the top of the list read “I swear to read the instructions on the back and follow them exactly upon penalty of social annihilation if I fail to do so…”
I rubbed my throbbing head and Willow rubbed my back.  The signatures provided indisputable proof and not a single one was missing from the list.  We had no explanation for why everyone created such a tremendous commotion.  My mind went reeling when I realized that fact…
Krista kept repeating herself out of anxiety.  I finally stopped her run-on sentence and channeled an obliteration to her.  I convinced her that she wants to go home tonight.  My head was pounding relentlessly and I just couldn’t take anymore teenage female drama this weekend.
“See you on Monday.  Oh and tell Ember I said ‘Happy Birthday and that I love her…’” Krista stated and left the party to go home.
“Oh no, what about the music…I don’t know anything about this stuff…” Willow reminded me of what Krista had been doing.
“I’ve got it all taken care of, so don’t worry.  I plan for every contingency…” I offered to her and then we both waited by the equipment for the DJ to reappear.
“The photographer you hired was excellent.  I didn’t see her once, but I know she snapped a few hundred pictures.  I didn’t think you could take pictures in this type of lighting without using some sort of flash or something?” Willow pondered aloud.
“That’s precisely why I hired a professional.  Oh, don’t let me forget to return everyone’s confiscated cameras on Monday after I erase the pictures.  What do they teach those kids at our school, freakin’ Martian??  They don’t even know how to read English and follow simple instructions!” I exclaimed.
I had collected at least sixty cameras although the instruction specifically stated no cameras or video equipment of any kind allowed.
The DJ eventually returned from wherever he had been hiding.  I stood up and shook his hand when he approached us.
“I was wondering something.  How much does all your equipment sell for, brand new?” I questioned the DJ.
It seems he read a whole lot more into the few words I had spoken.  He wanted to tell me all about the technical details that went along with every single expense.  Then, he started to outline precisely how the system worked and I got highly frustrated.  So I channeled yet another obliteration although my head greatly protested this rash decision.  He stopped talking and answered my question.
“You need to try and refrain from using your skill for a while – please, for me…” Willow whispered into my ear.
She wanted me to stop channeling and I did too, but I couldn’t stand there all night and listen to mindless technical data about DJ equipment.  I didn’t want to deconstruct the thing – just buy it from him.
I purchased the system and then, handed him an additional five hundred dollars.  He would never see any of it again and I had no idea how many songs he had downloaded in it.  Now, there would be no chance of losing a single song and they could be put on her iPod next week.
The DJ walked away happy and so did the photographer.  I gave her a very generous tip for her trouble because she had another job contracted tomorrow afternoon.  She would have to go out and purchase new equipment in the morning.
I realized belatedly that Willow was standing beside me shocked and speechless.  She had watched me hand over thousands of dollars.  I could almost see her brain trying frantically to process what she had just witnessed.  In less than fifteen minutes, I had purchased a professional quality camera with infrared lights that I didn’t know how to operate.  I also bought the entire DJ system with the dance floor and lights included – not that I had any use for that additional stuff but I would just deal with it all later.
I would have used my gift on Willow so she wouldn’t be quite so astounded, but I had given her my word to never use obliteration on her again.  I would just have to let her stand and stare in stunned silence until I could explain it all.
Because after all, a promise is a promise…

Chapter Seventy Nine

I had been drifting lightly – somewhere between sleep and sorrow.
I commanded my eyes to open again, but they refused to comply with my demand anymore.  I could feel the tiles pressing against my back.  A gentle breeze brushed across my exposed feet and ankles.  My hands were resting on my chest.  My fingers traced the outline of small pearls that were slick and round.  Somehow, I must have managed to put on a vestment…
YAY!  Um wait, how’d I do that??  When did I do that??
Before I could answer either of those questions, my current exhaustive dilemma crossed my mind.  Even with the vestment on my body, I couldn’t do anything other than lie here immobile.  I wishfully considered how much I wanted to walk through the sacred Vaydem forest.  The gentle breeze called out to me and I desperately needed to answer it.
“Just a few steps – surely I can manage a few steps…” I whispered to the trees, but my body wouldn’t obey.
I had experienced the awesome energy of the Vaydem containment vestment at my party.  The vestment I was wearing now felt incredible and twice as powerful.  I desperately wanted to feel the gift it granted.  Somehow I knew that I couldn’t experience it unless I stepped inside the sacred forest.  I was too tired to stand up, much less walk.  The new vestment seemed to cry out to me.  It wanted me to experience the awesome transformation it offered.  The urge was nearly irresistible to become enjoined with the sacred forest…  I simply had nothing left to give – no strength left inside me to honor the request.
I don’t even remember putting the vestment on…
The tears spilled down both my cheeks this time.  Sorrow on top of anguish washed through me.
Destined for grief…
Then I felt a strong gust of wind as it blew across my outstretched body.  Hauntingly celestial music rippled through me as it was being carried by the wind.  The music seemed to flow from the energy of the Arboretum.  The sacred forest sang back in response.  It echoed through my wandering mind, but it was still so far away.
“Come to me…” I whispered inside my mind.
I lacked all strength, but nothing was stopping me from calling the forest to come to me.  The captivating music responded to my unspoken pleas and washed over my body like a gentle incoming tide.
“Please take me…”
Suddenly, I was being bathed inside a musical celebration between what felt like two powerful spiritual forces.  My body was lighter than the air around me, but my eyes still refused to open.  I tried to focus on the song’s melody because I wanted to remember it, always.  The notes swirled through me as they rocked me back and forth – in time with their beat.
My inner essences were stilled by the movement…almost like they were quieted in reverence to the song…
Then, gravity’s hold seemed to release my body from captivity.  I no longer felt the hard, cold floor against my back.  I was freely floating in suspended animation by what I thought might be a million tiny bubbles.  I was being warmed and cooled at the same time.  My mind drifted with the bubbles.
“I want to roll over…”
The bubbles responded as if they heard my thoughts.  I felt them pop and renew as they carefully turned my body over.  My head was lying on its side like I was sleeping on a pillow made only of air.  I had become almost weightless as my body reclined delicately against the bubbles.  I felt their mild sway.
The heavenly music continued to whisper to me on the wind as I felt the bubbles lifting me higher and higher into the air.
I was floating on a tranquil sea…
I could feel a bubble start to rise.  I could see the shadow of its outline as it brushed by my closed eyelids.  It continued to drift until I felt it tickle the tip of my nose.  I waited for it to pop so I could inhale its essence, but it refused to fracture.
Using a sliver of newfound strength, I turned my face toward the ground.  I immersed it into the wispy bubble pillow and prepared to deeply inhale.  They quickly moved away from my nose.  They wouldn’t permit me to breathe them in.
“I need to inhale your essence…”
“Please, please no…” a voice replied in a whisper and I heard a desperate longing in the reply.
I felt my emotions start to rise and fall – so happy and yet so sad as well.  I prepared to plead my case again.  My eyes suddenly decided to distract me.  They opened wide right before I could issue another plea to the bubbles. I could see my new reality.
What I thought were bubbles turned out to be thousands of celestial butterflies.  They fluttered all around me leaving behind a trail of twinkling stars.  Their delicate wings brushed against my face and they tickled as they passed by.  I realized in absolute wonder that it was their wings that had given me flight.
I was floating high above the treetops in the Arboretum.
It was so breathtaking…
I could see the winding creek bed and the flowers still in full bloom.  It might have been snowy February outside, but inside this sacred forest my heart knew it was always springtime.  I wanted to stretch my arms down and touch the tops of the trees.  The butterflies had another idea in mind.
They rolled me back over so I could feel the light of the shimmering moon against my face.  My eyes widened in surprise as the moon appeared to be blazing with a new bluish glow.  I could see the glass ceiling less than an inch away from my floating body.  I looked at my reflection in the glass and was thoroughly stunned by what I saw.  My body shimmered and glittered under the moonbeams.  I was surrounded by the silver mist!
It was pure rapture…
“Please, I want to breathe in your essence like I did the last time…”
I begged the silver mist to let me inhale its essence as the butterflies brushed gently across my face.
“One and only one…a gift…”
A single butterfly fluttered and then, I watched it diffuse into mist.  I felt a small ripple of euphoria as it flowed through my body.  The silver mist unlocked a wonderful memory and freed it from its prison inside my mind.  I experienced the memory as if it only happened moments ago.  I felt the same emotions and they swept over me like a small child’s blanket.
I was crying again, but this time it was from happiness – my grief was gone.
The song began to slowly fade away and I started to float back down toward the ground.  The butterflies still fluttered around me wildly as my body landed softly on the earthen floor of the sacred Vaydem forest.
“How do I repay this gift?”
“You already have…” the silver mist whispered and then disappeared.
The butterflies had renewed me somehow and I even had enough strength to get to my knees.  I wanted to will the silver mist to come back.  I somehow knew that its silence would be the only answer I would receive.  I didn’t feel any grief this time when the mist left and that was thoroughly perplexing.
My heart suddenly understood that it would never leave me…
I was bowing before a massive oak tree and the creek was visible from my kneeling position.  I saw Boo playing by the edge of the water.
“Boo-bear…” I whispered as loudly as I could.
“Ember is the moon…” he replied, but didn’t turn around.
“Yes, I am the moon…”
I suddenly felt locked to the earth.  I was so weary.
I didn’t think it was possible to be so full and empty all at the same time.
I prepared to close my eyes because they felt so heavy.  If anyone happened to walk by me they would probably think that I was praying.  Just as my lids were falling, I noticed something shiny on the ground.  I reached out and picked it up.  It was a delicate crystal butterfly charm with a small silver heart attached to it.  The heart was inscribed with just two small words.
You’re free…

Chapter Eighty

I grabbed Willow by the arm just as she walked underneath the archway to the Vaydem Arboretum.  She gasped in shock, because she didn’t notice me sitting there.  I gestured for her to be quiet.  Then, I pointed toward the high ceiling so she could see why I wanted her to keep the noise down.  Willow immediately covered her mouth in surprise.
I had been sitting on the couch watching Ember float up toward the ceiling, probably lost inside some new fantastic dreamscape.  The music seemed to float right along with her.  It reminded me of something wonderful although I couldn’t quite figure out exactly what that ‘something’ was.
“How long has she been suspended like that?” Willow whispered the words so softly that they were barely audible as she sat down beside me.
“For about eighteen minutes now…” I whispered in reply after looking at my watch.
“Wow, Florida, I’m proud of you.  Usually you’d be screamin’ for a mile high ladder or yelling for her to get down off the ceiling…”
“You’d usually be right, but tonight it’s just different.  I’ve intruded into her mind enough.  I just want her to have this – well, whatever it is.  Besides, Celeste told me that glass is two feet thick.  So unless Ember turns into liquid lava and melts the glass, I figured she’s probably safe enough…”
“Do you plan to explain your sudden decision to change careers on me??  After all, a humble man-servant should inform his queen before he goes rushing off to become a DJ/photographer,” Willow told me.
“I’ll inform you of anything you’d like to know – all you have to do is ask.”
We sat silently and listened to the music.  It seemed to rise and fall with the breeze inside the Arboretum walls.  Although it did frighten me when I first entered the sacred forest and saw her floating around near the ceiling, something stopped me from reacting like I usually would.
When Ember’s fantasy fractured at the party because of Button-Boy, it shook me up.  I felt her anguish and that made me experience double the pain.  I felt both mine and hers.  I don’t know what dream she is currently residing inside, but I couldn’t take it away from her.  The risk of handing her that emotional devastation again was too great.  I was still reeling just from the memory of it.
I hoped Willow would never ask me to define those moments, because I wouldn’t know where to begin.  I have never been accused of being a poet or a romantic guy, but even the most gifted poet would be rendered speechless by most of it.
We watched Ember start to descend and I suddenly got nervous.  I didn’t want her grief to return, but it’s not like she could float around forever.  She landed softly and I held my breath.  I was waiting to see if she would fall apart.  She was so exhausted though that she only remained awake for a couple of minutes.
I walked over to my sleeping little girl and picked her up off the ground.  I could see fresh tear tracks when I looked down at her.
My heart fractured slightly…

Chapter Eighty One

I woke up in my own bed and was overwhelmed by panic for a second.  Reflexively I reached for my necklace.  The small butterfly charm with the heart attached to it was already hanging from it.  I exhaled in relief.  My brother must have put it on my necklace for me.
“Hey kiddo, whatcha doing awake?” Tray asked me as he stood at the threshold of my doorway.
“I was thinking…”
“Should I duck now or later?”
“I’d throw a pillow at you, but honestly I don’t have enough strength to take one out from underneath my head.  So, fair warning, I’m issuing you a rain check…” I offered comically.
“‘Pillow-tossing-revenge-rain-check’, duly noted and tossed quickly – into file 13,” he replied and I could hear the smile behind the words.
“Don’t think I’ve forgotten about my question I’m gonna ask…”
“And don’t think I’ve forgotten about the fact that your birthday was technically over two hours ago…”
I wrinkled my forehead in frustration.  I didn’t realize it was so late.  I was still blissful and elated though.  So I had no idea when I would be retrieving my head down from the clouds.
“Here…” Tray stated as he walked into my bedroom and handed me another giftwrapped box.
“You’ve already given me my birthday gift and I adore it, by the way,” I explained.
“Please, open it or do I need to do it for you??  I wouldn’t want you to mess up those perfectly painted fingernails…” he stated jokingly.
“Ha-ha,” I replied sarcastically as I thought about my purple mess from earlier.
I untied the ribbon and then, ripped the paper away from the box.  I opened it and found four loose note cards resting on top of another box.  The index cards read:  Education – House – Car – IN THAT ORDER!
I stared at my brother, totally confused.
“You gotta open it Little Girl, if you want to understand what the cards mean…”
I opened the box and I found a checkbook inside.  I pulled it out, looked at the register and then, felt my heart skip a beat from being so stunned.  The check register read $216,016.16!  I got lightheaded and grabbed his leg to steady my suddenly shaking body.
It’s lucky that I was lying down when I looked at it…
“I had to remove a few thousand in order to arrive at that particular figure,” Tray stated and I looked at him speechless from the shock.
When my brother realized I couldn’t speak, he took the checkbook out of my hands and laid it on my nightstand.
“I’ve been saving since we’ve been on our own.  I intend to give you the best education money can buy…”
“How?” I managed to squeak out the word and felt like I was having an out of body experience again.
“I’m sure I explained this already.  You take care of the household stuff and I take of care our finances…”
I had a million questions swimming around my head all at one time.  I frantically wished that I still had on the cunning ribbon.  That way Tray would realize what a monster he had just created inside my mind.  I was his exhausted creation now though – those questions would simply have to wait.  I had barely enough energy for one more question, so I used every ounce of my reserve to ask it.
“What about you and Willow?”
“Oh Willow, I’m in love with her,” Tray stated matter-of-factly and made my mind go swirling again with the force of a tornado.
At least, it spun up some extra energy with it…
“Does she know?”
“Yes, she’s always known…”
“Does she love you?”
“That’s not mine to answer – you’ll have to pose that one to her…”
I started drifting again – against my will.  I felt like I was losing a battle against some crazy drug induced trance.
“Stay – please – lay down beside me…” I muttered softly as I felt Tray getting ready to leave my bedroom.
“Sure, Little Girl, anything you want…” my brother stretched out on top of the covers beside me.
“I want…” I asked and then drifted as I searched my mind for what I wanted.
“Yes?”
“To hear my story…tell me my story…” I requested – I had found what I wanted.
“What story is that?”
“My story – the one you made up for me.  You know the one…” I requested as I floated around inside my mind.
“Ember, I’ll feel a little silly telling you that story now…” Tray stated and he suddenly sounded all twisted up with deep emotions.
“Please, you said anything…” I reminded him and asked to put my hand over his heart.
I felt him shiver like he was trying to suppress something.
I wanted to hear him tell me my story…
My inner fire gently warmed my body as it waited for Tray to begin…

Chapter Eighty Two

The Little Fairy Princess Safe Inside her Rainbow Bubble
Once upon a time there was a little fairy princess named Ember.
And she lived in a big kingdom where she could run free and play all day.
But one day a very mean dragon saw little Princess Ember playing.
And the mean dragon decided he wanted to take her far, far away.
But Princess Ember never got scared and of course she was never afraid.
Because she could always call her rainbow bubble just by one word – that you must say!
What do you say, Ember?
“Tray”
Princess Ember knows how to blow a kiss into the air and call to her valiant knight Tray.
And she waits safely inside her beautiful rainbow bubble until the mean dragon goes away…

Chapter Eighty Three

When did she remember that story??
It surfaced long buried pain.  Even though she was squarely inside a twilight sleep state, Ember remembered every single detail of what she was supposed to do – like the way she would always ask to put her hand over my heart before I started to tell her the story.  She had covered her mouth with her hand when I spoke the words “far, far away.”  She had even said my name out loud when I asked ‘what do you say’ and she blew a kiss in the air just like she did when she was little.  I was an emotional train wreck by the end of the story, but I managed to keep myself together until I could sneak away.
I stepped out into the hallway and just sat outside of Ember’s bedroom.  I needed to get my emotional picture back in order.  While I was piecing myself back together, something interesting occurred.  She started talking in her sleep.  Although she had been doing that since we arrived in North Carolina (and simultaneously scaring the life outta me), this nighttime chat was different.
The previous incidents involved garbled words, screams of terror and her shouting “no” in her sleep.  This particular occurrence sounded like a true discussion.  So, I listened quietly as she conversed with someone in her dreams.
“No…I understand…the butterflies…but why…too young…oh please…I won’t ask…sorry…don’t go…I need…but I want…I loved it…”
It was like eavesdropping on an important phone call – both frustrating and intriguing.  After a few minutes, she settled down.  I waited in the silence to hear if the conversation would resume, but it never did.  She was sleeping, soundly when I peeked around the corner.
I took a non-alcoholic beer with me when I stepped outside.  Then, I leaned across the porch railing and looked out into the night.  My dad had always told me that drinking alcohol was for suckers.  “Suckers” eventually wind up dead before their time or in jail.  That was one piece of advice I had taken to heart.  Well, I also had firsthand experience witnessing the resulting intoxicant-induced-havoc – that helped to solidify my decision.
It was after 4:00 a.m. when Willow stepped out onto the porch to join me.  Neither of us seemed to notice the fact that it was freezing cold outside.  She leaned across the railing beside me and touched my shoulder blade.
We stood there together for a long time as we listened to the wind whistle through the trees.  The world filled in the silence.  I was spent (just like I knew I would be), but my mind refused to stop racing.  Between being linked to Ember’s thoughts, the out-of-control crowd, the endless obliterations, the Button Boy incident, trying to figure out what went so wrong at the beginning of the party and finally, telling the Rainbow Bubble story, my mind was consumed.  Sleep would be out of the question.
“That was such a sweet story you made up for her…” Willow referred to Ember’s fairy tale and broke the silence.
“Yeah, Ember would ask me to tell it to her over and over – morning, noon and night.  I created it right after Grandma Edie died.  My dad would force me to leave her alone with my mom and run jobs.  It was the only thing I could think of to make her feel safe while I was gone.  I was old enough to know that those were just words, but it kind of helped me too somehow.  It was, at least – something…” I offered and then, fell silent again.
“We can put off our talk until later.  I’m sure you’re ready to drop.  Being linked to her through the cunning ribbon should have been almost as draining on you as it was on her.”
“I have a lot of experience workin’ on nothing, but adrenaline and a ten minute power nap.  I gotta keep up with the two of you, somehow.”
“Still, you should try and get some sleep…”
“Tell that to my racing thoughts.  Besides, I need to explain why I left without saying anything.  We’ve been involved in so much craziness over the past few weeks that we haven’t had any chance to just talk.  But Ember’s asleep for a change and I want to explain while we have the opportunity to be alone.  I really don’t wanna wait another night unless you’re too exhausted.”
“I’m not sleepy and you’re right about our limited opportunities to be alone…”
Willow walked back inside long enough to grab a blanket.  She wrapped it around her body and sat Indian-style on the railing.  She settled in and got comfortable while I talked.  I recounted the day I arrived home from school, how I turned into a human statue in the driveway and what the house looked like when I finally managed to regain control of my body.  Then, I told her about how I had found Ember, crouched in the corner and how she appeared to be robbed of her soul.
Willow allowed me to tell the story without saying anything.  She only gasped when I told her about the $175,000.00 that I discovered burning in the living room that afternoon.  I explained to her how the money had been on fire one minute and perfectly fine the next.
“I’ve been saving half of my salary, too.  We’ve moved repeatedly over the years and that part takes additional cash.  The rest goes into a saving’s account at a bank.  It has Ember’s name on it, too.  I had to plan for the contingency that something might happen to me.  The money’s for her future security.  I don’t want her to ever have to struggle financially or, Creator forbid, be forced to con her way through life…” I offered, thinking about my childhood and how my parents made their living.
“I can’t believe you managed to get Ember and the money away from Striker.  Your mother…well, she’s a different story.  It wouldn’t have taken much to get away from her, but your father…” Willow thought aloud.
“I didn’t see either one of them the afternoon we ran away.  I didn’t search through the house or anything to look for them either.  I just grabbed the cash, some clothes and Ember.  I kind of thought maybe they were killed by whatever happened inside the house.
“Then, you told me about seeing Striker a few years back, so I have no idea where they were.  I’m sort of shocked that my dad hasn’t ripped the earth apart to locate us.”
“I’m sure once they came home and discovered the wreckage they might have thought…” she started to say before she realized a horrible fact.  “They left an eight year old child home alone???  Did they leave her alone all the time????”
I didn’t say anything because I didn’t have to.  She started sobbing.  I reached over to pull her into my arms.
My mom and dad were never parents to us.  My grandma had made up for their lack.  When she passed away, everything fell apart – fast.  My mom was addicted to drugs and alcohol my whole life.  So, it’s not surprising she would forget simple things like feeding and caring for Ember.  She made other plans through the day that didn’t include a baby – that wasn’t shocking, either.
My dad was engrossed with my gypsy skills training.  So, when my grandma died, I would frequently lose my focus, worried about Ember.  Striker demanded my full attention.  His rage was directed at me, first.  Once we arrived home, he would turn his wrath to my mom.  He would order her to straighten up and care for Ember or else.  I never discovered what his “or else” was in reference to my mom because he never did anything to her in my presence.  I figured it must have been something since he was frightening – even on his sweetest days.
Regardless of his promised consequences though, my dad’s threats obviously had no effect against the drugs and alcohol that consumed my mother.  So I took over all parenting duties in regards to my little girl after Grandma Edie passed away.  I would make sure Ember had food, drinks, books and toys in her room and within her reach at all times.  I taught her how to tell time when she was just two.  I would leave my watch on my dresser.  That way she would know how much longer she had to wait until I returned.  I also made up that fairy tale for her to make her feel safe.
Striker demanded that I comply with his wishes or he would be forced to ‘do something permanent with’ Ember.  He offered me those two choices the day after my grandma died.  He wouldn’t offer anything else.  One way or the other, I was going to produce results for my dad.
He might have issued empty threats to my mom constantly, but he had never threatened me without coming through on it.  So my life went right back to my gypsy education.  I was never permitted to stay home during the day with Ember.  I would either go with him and run con jobs or he would send me to school if he was working through the preliminary details before the actual performance.  He tried to tell me that I was a distraction during that phase and that’s why I had to go to school.  But I knew my dad was terrified that I would bolt with Ember if he ever gave me the slightest chance.
And he was right…
“Hey, it’s okay…she’s fine.  I’ve taken care of her and even managed to keep her safe from discovery all these years.  That’s precisely why I bought the camera and all that photography equipment.  I can’t be too cautious, you know…” I reminded Willow, softly in hopes that she would stop crying.
“So what’s your excuse for purchasing the DJ’s equipment?” Willow replied humorously – her tears are finally subsiding…
“My excuse for that transaction is actually quite logical.  Krista might have been right.  That guy’s head would’ve suddenly been detached from his neck, involuntarily if he’d lost a single song.  Oh and there was also the potential to get bored into a coma from his rambling and extensive sound system world speak…”
“Yeah, there was certainly that potential…” she replied and I could almost feel her smile against my chest.
“You know, my dad would just love to find out that his training has been put to such excellent use.  He spent hours drilling deception into my head…” I started to say before Willow interrupted me.
“You’re not deceiving anyone!  You’re doing what’s necessary to protect Ember.  Your dad – no, that worthless snake, made me swear that I’d tell him immediately if I heard from you.  He sounded so sincere and even worried sick.  I’m gonna slap the living beejeezus outta him if I ever see him again!” Willow exclaimed and I looked at her in surprise because she wasn’t usually the righteous indignation type.
I found it totally hot though…
“How about let’s all avoid Striker Pateman for the time being?  At least until Ember can fry him on command with her spirit light and then, we’ll see…” I offered jokingly.
“I demand a chance to slap the beejeezus outta him before she cooks him like an egg…promise me!”
“What’s up with both of the women in my life making me promise them everything?  Someday I’m gonna make you two promise me something in return and then, you’ll both be sorry – I assure you…”
Willow laughed and shook her head.
“I still need to tell you about what happened back in November if you’re still awake enough to listen…”
“I’m not sleepy just furious and ready to have that snake in the grass get what he deserves…”
I recounted the scene outside of the school gymnasium detail by detail from my own perspective.  Then, I shared what Ember had told me about it.  I told Willow about the way she had been dressed and how she had been robbed of her soul by the time I arrived.  I recounted everything, except the part where I had punched into the cinderblock wall in frustration and almost knocked down the gym.  I didn’t want to worry her because I knew she would flip out every time I get angry in the future.  That happens often here lately, so she’ll be on edge constantly…
Willow asked me a few questions, but I couldn’t answer them.  Ember was the only one who might be able to.  After my joined mental experience with my little girl throughout the evening, I’m not sure the words even exist for her to try and explain what happened.
“We’ve gotta figure out what went wrong tonight…” I suddenly remembered and tried to change the subject.
“I’m gonna talk to Ember when she wakes up because she might be able to shed some light on who might’ve been behind it.  You have to promise you won’t ‘go sketch’ on them or I’ll just have to deal with the situation, myself,” Willow informed me and started laughing.
“Yet, another promise – Creator can you help a guy out here please??”
I had made the unfortunate mistake of telling Willow about my ‘Eli-slinging-cartoon-outline-analogy’ that consumed my thoughts while he was suspended over my head.  She had cleverly made up the term ‘go sketch’ because of her resulting mental image of his body shape outline on the wall if I had tossed him through it like I wanted to do.
My dad never taught me anything about females.  So I didn’t learn that I should always speak cautiously to the women I love.  It appears I’ll have to teach myself or I might die trying to figure it out…

Chapter Eighty Four

When I woke up, my head was laying on Willow’s lap.  She was carefully removing the beads from my hair, one by one.
“You’ve got some serious patience my Willow.  If the bead removal process had been left up to me, I would’ve been looking for the closest pair of scissors…” I muttered and still felt sleepy.
“That wouldn’t be advisable – not a pretty look for you…” Willow replied and continued to remove beads.
“I want to know…”
“I already ‘know’ what you want to know Ember.  Mind if I ask why ‘knowing it’ is so important to you though…”
“It’s super important because I want Tray to be happy and have some kind of shot at having a normal existence because he’s never had that…I didn’t realize how lonely it’s been for him until you came back into his life…you know…I stink at reading people…I thought Eli was asking you out that night at the mall…I’ve wasted hours of irretrievable time distracting him from inviting you to dinner again until I could figure out if there was something more between you and my brother…so is there something more…” I asked in one huge run-on sentence.
My mind was wandering from topic to topic, but it was beyond my control.
“You’ve been trying to get Eli to avoid me!  Sweetie, I’ve gotta give you some female education fast before Eli hurts himself.  That boy’s done everything BUT pay any consideration to me or anyone else, other than you since the moment I met him at Sears…” she replied and then laughed so hard she had to stop removing beads because she was tugging at my hair.
“I repeat Willow – I stink at reading people…even now that I know he likes me, I still can’t think of any signs or subtle clues I missed…hmmm…” I told her as my mind drifted around inside the knowledge of my obvious flaw.
“I shudder to think about how much longer he would’ve struggled uselessly to get your undivided attention if you truly believe his approach has been subtle up to this point.  It’s been about as understated as fireworks on the Fourth of July and skywriting.  I wonder why Krista didn’t pick up on it.”
“Probably because I told her Eli wanted you and she was working in cahoots with me.  Oh my goodness, my social inadequacies and mental limitations are starting to rub off on her.  Please, we’ve got to warn her!” I exclaimed and felt an immediate urgency to call her.
I was only partially joking because Krista was my eyes and ears.  If she lost her ability to see something like Eli wanting to date ME – what else had she missed??
“You’re not socially inadequate.  You’re just innocent and you’ve been sheltered by your brother every second of your life.  Krista is extraordinarily perceptive as a general rule.  So let’s chalk up her inability to see it as her either being focused on what you asked her to do for you or her ‘resident status inside Greg-world’ or her party planning…”
“I sure hope you’re right…” 
My thoughts started to drift again.  But Willow needed to remove the beads from the other side of my head.  So she had to gently reposition it.
“Don’t think I’ve forgotten my question…” I told her when I returned from my mental wandering.
“You might forget some things from time to time, but your questions rarely make the cut…”
“So I wanna know what you and Tray have together…or you can tell me it’s none of my business.”
“What, and risk yours and Krista’s blundering attempts to foil another guy’s imagined interest in me??  I wouldn’t want you to waste any more time, groping around in the dark trying to discover the truth.  I’ll talk about this with you, but I have conditions,” Willow said and waited for my reply.
“Anything…”
“I’ll tell you, but then it stays between us.  No sharing with Tray or Krista – it’s ours alone.  I’ll only answer those things that I feel you should know right now.  Deal?”
“MMhhmmm…”
“No Ember, you have to repeat the deal so I know you understand it or we can always wait until later…”
“I agree to keep what we say between just us – minus if Tray’s runnin’ around inside my mind, but that doesn’t count.  Plus, you’ll only answer questions that you feel are my business…”
“I didn’t say ‘your business’ – I said ‘things you should know right now’.  You’re still young and some things need to wait until you’re more mature to be discovered.  That’s what I meant…”
“Why does everyone think I’m too young?  Tray doesn’t think I’m young…I pay our bills…” I stated as my mind took off down yet another rabbit hole.
“Who else thinks you’re too young?” Willow inquired, curiously.
“I’ll answer if you give me the same deal I’m giving you.  Between us and only what I believe you’re mature enough to hear…” I countered and snickered.
“Deal – stays between us and you’ll tell me what you’re ready to tell me,” she vowed.
It wasn’t exactly what I had said, but it was close enough.
“I don’t know if it’s ‘a who’ or ‘a what’ – whatever ‘it’ is or might be – it thinks I’m too young for something.  It annoys me greatly because I don’t feel young or immature.  It seems as though I’m destined to remain a naïve child in the thoughts and minds of everyone and everything around me…”
“What’s this ‘something’ you’re too young for?”
“Your guesses are as good as mine.  It’s like when you wake up from a vivid, realistic dream and the details are fuzzy around the edges.  As soon as your eyes pop open though, the dream disappears – kind of like that…”
“Well, I don’t think you’re naïve or a child – that’s not what I meant.  Lemme clarify what I stated.  I didn’t mean to imply that I felt you were too young to understand – you’re not.  I believe in honesty and keeping promises.  So I will be honest with you until the point that I would be breaking a promise to Tray by telling you.  I would never betray him or you for that matter,” Willow informed me.
“I know you wouldn’t…”
“Tray and I have been in love for a long time – probably since we were kids.  You don’t think about those things when you’re sneaking around a fairground after closing, trying to find some buried treasure with your best friend.  We’d spend every minute together when we were both in the same location.  Since we usually had other people listening in, we learned to talk in our own language.  We also created a code system, so we could leave messages for each other to find after we’d skipped on to the next town.
“The first time I ever saw you, I thought Tray had brought me a baby doll as a gift.  I demanded that he ‘hand me my baby right this instant’ and he did it.  You looked at me with your mother’s hauntingly gorgeous eyes.  I didn’t realize how important that gesture was until the next day.  Various people asked to hold you and he flatly refused.  I was the only person he ever allowed to even touch you.  He carried you around like you were a part of him.  You realize that I never saw you take a single step until you walked into Aunt Celeste’s house…” Willow told me and started laughing at the irony.
I waited for her to finish her moment of hilarity and didn’t interrupt her.  I wanted her to keep talking and I was scared my mind would roam to another topic if I opened my mouth.
“Ember, I love your brother with all my heart and that fact will never change…” Willow offered after she stopped laughing.
“So marry each other and live happily ever after...I need your female assistance, obviously and Tray listens to you…” I interrupted her.
I had managed to work their whole future out in my mind.  So I blurted out my plan because I didn’t want to risk forgetting.  I smiled in satisfaction – Ember, you are the stuff…
“Slow down, Sweetie!  Your brother is complicated and committed relationships are even more challenging.  He has to do things in his own time and he has very valid reasons for doing them just that way.  I’m content to have found you both again and be back inside his world.  Sometimes we forget that the times in between – what we desire and when we get what we desire – hold many happy moments and treasured memories.  Enjoy all your moments Ember because once you get what you want, those times are gone forever.”
“I’ve never thought about that…I can’t imagine how many panic attacks Tray went through in order to allow Krista and Elizabeth to give me that party…would you promise me something please…”
“Depends…what promise would you like me to give you…”
“The next time Krista plans anything remotely close to surprising me – tell me about it!  I’d like to grow old with my brother at my side and it appears my best friend is challenging the fates to take him away via a stroke…”
“I can keep that promise to you, but your party certainly was a blast.  The whole ‘half naked little girl’s coming out party outfit’ was priceless.  Tray fared much better than I thought he would with the whole chaotic event.  He and I even wrote out the invitations and had them printed to make sure his list of party rules was included.  Oh yeah, that reminds me, would anyone want to play a practical joke on you or Krista?”
“Maybe…you know how catty girls can be sometimes…why do you ask?”
“Well, the crowd yelled “surprise” tonight and continued to make a noisy commotion.  It was shocking to us because we didn’t plan on that as a contingency.  The rules were very specific and we expected the crowd to react differently.  So Tray and I just thought maybe you’d have some idea about who might have been behind it…” Willow requested and waited quietly for my reply.
“I’d rather not name any names…” I answered and thought about how Tray lifted Eli over his head in anger.
“They’d be perfectly safe – promise.  We’re only curious and I swear your brother won’t say or do anything to anyone.  You’d just be offering an educated guess at this juncture anyway, right?” Willow inquired as if she had just read my mind.
“Yes, nothing definite.  In fact, if Tray’s promised not to say or do anything this might end up working to my advantage in our next inevitable debate.  See, we stayed involved in this ‘semi-argument’ because I told him I wanted to skip my freshman year of high school.  He refused to give into me no matter how many logical reasons I gave him.
“He said he wants me to have a childhood and experience everything possible while I had a chance.  I hate the hazing ritual thing that he believes is some rite of passage.  So I stayed locked in a losing argument with him this entire school year.  Maybe next time I request something he’ll just listen to me and I can win one for a change…” I explained to Willow and she gave me the most unknowable look I have ever witnessed.
She didn’t reply with anything more than shaking her head.  Once I figured out that was the only answer I would be getting, I told Willow all about Brylie Flynn, a.k.a. ‘cat-girl’ and our crazy stare down challenge.  Then, I provided her with an account of Brylie’s conversation with the other dark clique chick in the girl’s restroom that day back in November.  I explained how the dark clique girls were considering doing something themselves to welcome me because the guys refused to do it.
Willow asked me how I had arrived at the term dark clique for their particular group.  So I explained to her about the boys wearing black constantly and how it matched their hearts.  I didn’t get a chance to tell her about the spaghetti prank because we were interrupted.  Tray was in the living room and started to make a monster fuss over something.  We both ran down the hallway to see what on earth was wrong.
“Stupid, freakin’ piece of worthless junk…” Tray shouted and had a death grip on a computer monitor.
My brother was smacking it at first.  Then, he started shaking it like he was intent on mixing the contents inside.
“Stop – put it down,” Willow yelled and Tray complied.
“What is all this??” I asked as I looked around at the computer and photography equipment that was suddenly a part of our world.
“I swear I’m ready to sling this ridiculous thing into next week.  I will NEVER switch careers – and I mean NEVER!  I’d be willing to take a forty five year old, rusted engine and make it purr like a Corvette before I’d ever consider doing anything with a computer other than turning it into a toolbox,” he shouted, insanely.
Willow and I struggled against bursting into laughter.  I managed to turn the computer on for my brother – after I plugged it into the wall, that is.
I discovered that he had over three hundred pictures taken at my party.  I shouted “whoopee” loud enough to make poor Willow jump in fear.  I wouldn’t have to rely on my faulty – and in this case, pleasure driven intoxicated mind to remember the night.
Tray walked over to his recliner, content because he didn’t have to fight with the computer anymore.  Willow took over and loaded the pictures for me.
I watched the slideshow of all the party guests and everyone looked like they were having a great time.  The pictures that were snapped of me were unbelievable.  I looked illuminated in most of them and in pure rapture in all of them.  The pictures continued to slide across the screen while Willow and I discussed them.
Then, one picture popped up and I gasped in astonishment.  Garrett and Emily were smiling and dancing together at my party.  The slideshow progressed before I could be sure it was them though.  Suddenly, it was my turn to slam my hand against the side of the computer monitor as I tried to make it go backwards.
“Ember, you stop too please…we use the buttons – not smacks to make the computer do what we want it to do…” Willow exclaimed and used the mouse to retrieve the picture I wanted to see again.
“Oh my heavens, that is Garrett and Emily!  How did they know about my birthday party??”
Tray was on his feet and standing beside me before I even saw him leave the recliner.  He looked carefully at the still picture on the computer screen.
“Are you sure it’s them, Ember??” he asked, urgently.
“Yes – I’m sure, that’s Garrett Austel and Emily something or other…I forget her last name …from our school in Chicago…I wasn’t nearly as close to her, so it’s no big shock that I don’t remember it…” I stated and Tray looked at me like I was pulling his leg.
“You’re 100% positive it’s them???” my brother asked me again.
“Hold on…” I replied because I had a way to prove what I was saying to him.
I ran into my bedroom and they both followed me.  I retrieved my hatbox from underneath my bed and searched through the contents until I found their picture together.
“See!” I exclaimed and handed my brother the photograph.
“Yes, you’re right…” Tray agreed and exchanged some sort of weird look with Willow.

Chapter Eighty Five

“I’ve gotta go back to Chicago…” I announced in my most panic filled voice as I tossed clothes into a suitcase.
“Whoa, slow down Tray!  What exactly are you planning on doing with Ember while you go rushing off to Chicago??  You don’t even know if there’s anything wrong.  Krista might have found out that Garrett and Emily were her friends from your previous school and simply invited them to come to her party,” Willow responded, being a voice of reason.
“She can stay with you at Sunridge.  She can’t go to school until I get back.  I’m losing it here,” I replied urgently and continued to toss items into the suitcase.
And, Willow was unpacking my stuff while I wasn’t looking…
“Listen to me…you can’t go off and leave her here alone.  She will freak out if you try to abduct her and force her to go to Illinois of all places.  She’ll ask what’s wrong and are you truly prepared to answer all of her questions?  You might be scaring her for no reason and then, you’ll feel guilty.  Let’s make a deal…”
“What deal?  There’s no deal that I can see…” I stated and looked at her in frustrated defiance.
I stopped packing and turned around to face her.  The only reason I was willing to listen to her was because my mind was made up already.  Well except the whole ‘leave Ember here without me, unprotected’ thing.  I hadn’t quite figured out that one yet…
“I’ll fly to Chicago, tonight and I’ll even make a special cunning ribbon to use.  I can go to your old school during lunch time tomorrow and wait for them outside of the cafeteria.  I’ll let you know when I see them and then, you can channel to them through the cunning ribbon.  It’ll almost be like you’re there in person.  I’ll stay linked while I’m chatting with them and can get the answers for us.
“I don’t have time to create a permanent cunning ribbon like the one I made for Ember – those take at least three days to craft.  The one I can make will only work for about forty five minutes.  So, we’ll need to decide precisely which obliterations you should use and what questions need to be asked.  This part is very important.  You may not listen to my personal thoughts while the ribbon is in use – period.  Do we have a deal?”
“I don’t want you to go alone, so no freakin’ way is that gonna happen!”
“You can’t come with me for reasons we’ve already discussed.  Hey, I know, go ask Ember if she’d like to fly away for two whole days and vacation with you in snowy Chicago.  Let’s see what she has to say about it.  Oh and don’t forget to tell her you’re not gonna provide her any reason for the trip at all and you won’t answer a single question about it either.  She’s very attached to this place and she’s not known for being mute or passive.  You’d have the tantrum of the century on your hands from her, but be my guest and go find out for yourself.”
“You’re not going alone – period…”
“Mind explaining yourself before I start to think you’re attemptin’ to order me around Traywick Shane Pateman??  I’d hate to be engaged in an argument with you over a misunderstanding…”
“Willow, I took her away from that school because of a very bad guy who suddenly developed way too much interest in her.  I didn’t use my gift on him or anyone.  I just went home, packed us and we moved here, to a more rural location.  A place where I thought she’d be safe from him.  I won’t risk sending you into a situation where I can’t personally protect you – especially when it comes to this guy!”
“Okay, calm down.  We can fix this together, but I need more facts than just a ‘very bad guy’.  You make him sound like the son of Satan.  I’m sure he’s not that bad.  I’ve spent my life conning and running scams – in case you’ve forgotten.  I’ve met loads of bad men and I can typically, handle myself in any given situation.  I certainly feel like I can handle just finding her high school friends, letting you channel an obliteration to ask them a few questions and then going back to the airport.”
“He’s almost worse than the son of Satan.  He is Armond Salvitore, the gang leader for the Blood Legion Family.  I’m sure you’ve heard of them…”
“Oh my heavens, what kind of interest did he have in Ember??  She’d never join a gang – no way!  She’d be more likely to eat a live snake or something.  They have some ‘jump on board/slit your own throat kind of in/out ritual’ thing.  There is no way your little girl did anything to encourage his attention.  You said she hardly spoke to anyone, so I know she wouldn’t go chattin’ up some stupid gang leader.  How on earth did she end up on his radar??  What did he want to do with her, anyway???” Willow continued her tirade for another several sentences before she finally had to stop and take a breath.
“Armond called Ember his newest ‘lovely promised mommy.’  That’s all I heard and I didn’t bother to use my obliteration skill on him because I knew she’d never attend another urban, inner-city school.  No gangs of any kind are here in the rural mountains of North Carolina…” I started to explain.
“Well, that is if you don’t count the dark clique…” Willow offered, cryptically and I looked at her perplexed.
“What exactly is the “dark clique”?  That doesn’t sound like much of a gang…”
“She selected that name for the rather large group of kids that hang around the front of the lunchroom.  You know the ones – the obnoxious boys and the equally insufferable girls that sit together during every lunch session.  I guess they could be considered a gang of sorts.  I’ve never heard anyone other than Ember refer to them that way…”
“How’d she come up with a name for them like the dark clique?”
“She said it’s because the boys all wear various shades of black every day.”
“Are you SURE you understood her, correctly?  I haven’t seen any group of boys dressed in black – well, except a few Goth kids, but there are only seven of those that I’ve counted and three of them are girls.  I’ve made everyone at that school my business.  There’s not some pack of “black dressed demon boys” invading the campus unless they’re ghosts or something…”
“She’s quite certain.  The boys at the front tables appear to be dressed in black every day – at least to her they do.  She accurately sees the girls because she says they all wear trendy clothes.
“Actually, the girls at those tables wear designer clothes, shoes and accessories.  I’ve never known Ember to be fashion conscious, but she does know trendy when she sees it.  By the way, those are all name brand items – not one ‘knock-off’ in the bunch.  Some of their shoes retail in the thousands.  I just figured they were into shoplifting as a group…” Willow stated.
I called Krista and used my skill on her.  She confirmed everything Willow said about the dark clique.  She even stated that only Ember sees the guys as being dressed in black – not the girls.  No one else in the school considers them a gang.  She also stated that she had never personally seen them do anything worse than start a fire in a trash can at a football game one time.  According to Krista, they have a reputation for being entitled kids and were usually mean to anyone not inside their circle.  Otherwise she didn’t know any of them or even their names.  Strangely, I have never tried to discover any of their names either.
“So now we’ve got two leads to follow – the Chicago BLF’s and our local, unknown dark clique chapter…” I offered and pondered over our options.
“This might turn out to be a girl hazing thing because the dark clique boys refused to ‘welcome’ Ember because of you.  The guys didn’t do anything to Greg that day, either.  I highly suspect that they chickened out because of the ‘Krista knows Ember and Ember’s brother Tray is big and scary’ factor.
“Although I’ve never been a boy, I kind of figure they’d have to save face somehow in front of the girls.  Maybe this party invitation switch was a maneuver designed to make Ember run away from being so freaked out.  After all, it’s no big secret how protective she is over her private life.”
“I hear what you’re saying, but something still feels wrong about all of this,” I told her and couldn’t quite figure out why it was bugging me so badly.
“There’s only one way to find out about the Armond/Blood Legion Family connection and that’s in Chicago.  You can observe the dark clique, but if it turns out to be the girls behind this prank then you can’t do much about it.  Well, at least not directly you can’t because I promised Ember.  You’re welcome to your do your personal best to Salvatore.  The world needs the additional air as far as I’m concerned…” Willow gave her permission to obliterate Armond and not just in a persuasion kind of way.
I had no doubt I would be supplying that extra air should the leader of the Blood Legion Family still have his sights set on my little girl...

Chapter Eighty Six

When Willow told me she was going out of town overnight I got very worried.  I felt my heart sink because I thought she might never come back once she leaves.  We’re gypsies and I knew that she was feeling trapped in North Carolina.  I couldn’t leave until I found the missing piece of me.  I debated whether to tell Willow that she just couldn’t leave me because I needed her to help find a fractured part of my spirit.  If I told her about it, then I would have to try and explain something unexplainable.
“When will you be back?” I asked nervously.
I was following her around like a puppy as she was packing for her trip.  Carefully noting the items she packed, I noticed she only took enough for an overnight trip.  Still, I was terrified I might never see her again.
“For the hundredth time Sweetie, I will be back in town by tomorrow evening.  I promise.  I’ll even be back in school on Tuesday.  You can ride with Tray to the airport tomorrow when he comes to pick me up.  Then, you can grill me with a thousand questions about the plane ride.”
“Ember is the moon!” Boo declared as he rushed inside Willow’s room and took me by the hand.
“Not today my little Boo-bear honey, Ember is the flippin’ nervous wreck,” I told him.
“There is nothing at all to be nervous about Sweetie.  I’ll be coming right back – I promise…” Willow remarked as she closed her suitcase.
“What about tomorrow and Eli and that whole ‘take-me-out-to-dinner-and-meet-my-doom’ fiasco that’s gonna be just waiting on me when I walk into that school??  I have no clue what to do or say or even how to be or not be.  You’re gonna leave me here to contend with that impending disaster after Eli’s already injured himself trying to get my attention.  I need you to run interference because I’m not ready to face him down yet.  Besides, you haven’t given me any female education about anything and I’m sure that I’ll fall to pieces without some kind of support or education from you.
“You’ll also feel mighty bad if Tray squashes him like a pancake because you went on a vacation somewhere and didn’t prevent that from happening.  He almost threw him through a wall or the ceiling and I couldn’t seem to do anything about it because I was tripped out from what he asked me.  Tomorrow he’s gonna ask me the same thing, only different because everyone will be standing right there or maybe they’ll be sitting, but either way they’ll definitely be watching and…” I exclaimed and would have continued to ramble until she missed her plane, but she stopped me.
She took me by the other hand and told me to calm down, immediately.  Then all three of us walked out to the garage where Tray was talking to Rave and Celeste.
“You’re gonna promise your little girl, that you’ll channel an obliteration to Eli so he won’t ask her anything until I return!  I don’t want her worrying herself sick about it.  I can’t leave until I know you’ll keep yourself in check, as well.  So it’s a promise you’re gonna make to both of us…right now…” Willow demanded, loudly.
She had caught them all off-guard because they weren’t expecting us to just suddenly appear.  They stood there for a few seconds speechless.
“Ember is the moon…” Boo said again and tugged on my hand as a show of support.
We all stared at my brother and waited for him to make a decision.
“I’ll promise to use an obliteration on Eli, but conditionally…”
“Name your condition…” Willow stated.
“That I can channel it to him for one full week…” Tray offered his condition and then, waited for her to decide.
“You can’t avoid this forever, Tray.  So, I’m gonna counter you.  You can use your skill and channel that obliteration for one week to him.  But then, he’s off limits when it comes to asking Ember out.  No pestering, pleading or figuring out a way to charm her into letting you either.  She’s gonna have to figure this mess out just like the rest of her human kind because, in case you haven’t noticed, she’s gorgeous.  I also don’t expect he’s the last boy that’s gonna brave your insane, big brother wrath and ask her to go on a date.  She has her whole life ahead of her, for goodness sakes…”
“Eli would be the last boy to ask her out if she’d let me have my way about it…” Tray thought aloud and I bit down on my lower lip.
I remembered the promise to do his bidding – he really loves me…
“That’s my counter – take it or, well just take it.  It’s the best you’re gonna get on this particular issue…” Willow said with her arms crossed.
“Deal, then – what choice do I have?” Tray replied.
“Now, it’s settled.  Are you satisfied, Ember?” Willow asked.
“I still wish you wouldn’t go…”
“Are you satisfied??  You won’t have to deal with this date issue until a week from Monday.  I’ll be home for the rest of this week.  You can panic and rant all you want and I’ll listen.  I have to do this, though.  It’s super, mega important and I have to do it right away…”
I finally agreed and told her I was satisfied because it’s not like I could hold her hostage.  We drove her to the airport and watched her fly off into the sunset.  Tray and I decided to go home and call it a night although it was only 7:30.  He had left the box with the check book and register beside my bed.
“Here…” I offered and tossed him the box when he walked by my room.
“This one’s yours,” Tray informed me and placed it right back on the nightstand.
“You’re gonna trust me to run around with that amount of money!”
“It was never about trusting you with it.  You’ve been paying our bills and doing the household budget since you were nine.  I’ve been preparing, but it’s all been for you and your future.  I think it’s time for you to start deciding on what colleges you’re interested in attending so we can work on the finances together.”
“Will you be attending with me?”
“After you graduate high school my school days end, officially.  You’ll still be living with me until you graduate college and probably until you’re old and gray and wished you’d listened to Willow…”
“I actually plan on living with you forever, regardless of whether I date or whatever – just so you know.  I also realize that Willow believes I’m not interested in boys because she thinks I’m afraid you’ll annihilate them.  But honestly, I don’t think of Eli – or any guy – in a dating kind of way.  I wouldn’t necessarily mind going out to dinner and a movie with him, but then, everyone would get the wrong idea – including him.  I simply can’t add anymore drama into my already cluttered mind.  You probably know that better than anyone…”
“I know you can’t.  I honestly don’t even know how you’re maintaining now…”
“I feel like I should wanna date…and the Creator knows that’s all my friends ever talk about.  But, my friends aren’t living my crazy, psychotic life.  Eli is handsome, intelligent, popular, and a nice guy for the most part.  He’s everything a girl should ever dream about wanting.  All I really want is for things to go back to the way they were before I ever met him.  I don’t wanna hurt him, but how do I avoid it when there’s no other way around saying ‘no thanks’ with the entire world watching us?”
“It’s a difficult choice and I wish I had the answer.  On the brighter side, you won’t have to worry about me crushing him into the earth…”
“Tray…” I said and then, hit him with my pillow.
“Seriously, you’re gonna have to face some things all on your own.  I made Willow a promise and she’s right this time.  You need to decide what you wanna do about Eli.  You also need to realize that getting hurt is part of living in this world – no one gets a free pass, not even you…”
“You’re right…” I replied.
“Let’s get some sleep – it’s been a very long weekend,” Tray said wearily.
“I have no idea how you survived my 16th birthday, but thanks and I love you for everything.”
“I don’t know how I lived through it either so don’t ask.  You’re very welcome.  I love you too, my little girl.  Now, go to sleep so I can too…please.”

Chapter Eighty Seven

Willow’s flight landed right on time the following evening.  Ember held onto her like she had been gone twenty years instead of just one night.  She looked at me with worried concern as she hugged her in return.  Then, her facial expression switched and she smiled sweetly the instant my little girl released her hold.
Something’s very wrong…
The ride home from the airport only took about forty minutes, but that was the longest car ride I have ever experienced.  Ember talked non-stop about school and how everyone was still talking about the party.  She even shared every last detail of her lunch time conversation with all her friends.
I was stressed out and petrified because Willow obviously couldn’t tell me what the problem was.  So I drove slightly over the speed limit and wished that we had already made up a new code language.  Our first one had taken years to create and master though.  I would just have to wait until Willow and I were alone to find out.  Ember didn’t seem to notice when I turned in the direction of our house.  I had planned to take Willow home tonight as usual, but our house was closer than Sunridge.  I desperately needed to know what she had discovered.
Although I was extremely reluctant to let her make the trip to Chicago in my place, we didn’t have a choice.  Willow did agree to let me hire a limousine and driver (6’8”, 320 lbs. well-armed body guard named Sam – my pick) to take her to the school and bring her back to the airport.
She had called me on her cell phone when she arrived at the school.  I told her how to locate the cafeteria.  I had also provided her with several dozen warnings about how to spot BLF tattoos and clothing before she left North Carolina.
Although she kept me on the phone the entire time she walked across that campus, I was still a nervous wreck.  I couldn’t protect her from so far away – not without her wearing the cunning ribbon and the ends touching.  It took some serious convincing, but she finally tied the ribbon around her ankle.  I was relieved because I could channel to make her invisible if necessary.  But, she stopped talking to me the instant I could hear her thoughts and sang a song in her head.  I didn’t try to interrupt her because I respected her privacy and knew she would alert me if I needed to channel an obliteration.
Recognizing them from the photograph, she had easily found Garrett and Emily sitting together.  Willow introduced herself as Ember’s sister.  They exchanged pleasantries and then I channeled a few obliterations.  I needed them to open up and not feel nervous about talking to Willow.  They saw her at the birthday party, but we didn’t have time to waste on too much nonsense.  I wanted the information then I wanted Willow out of that environment pronto.
Garrett and Emily had said they each received an invitation in the mail.  They claimed that they read and followed the instructions on the back to the letter.  They had to save their money for three weeks so they could drive to North Carolina together.  They missed Ember and were excited to see her again.  Reporting that they had a wonderful time, they added that they were disappointed to only be able to speak with her sister for a few minutes due to the large crowd.
Ember didn’t remember talking to them at all.  That’s not surprising though since she was zoned out from my birthday obliteration.
Willow left the cunning ribbon in place until she was safely inside the limousine on her way to the airport.  She had only been wearing it for twenty five minutes, so it had some time left on it.  Its use was finished and she removed it the second Sam closed her car door.  The link was severed permanently.
She did call me again from her cell phone.  We spoke until she reached the airport.  Then, her battery must have died because we were suddenly disconnected.  Everything seemed perfectly fine up until that point, so I decided not to worry about it.  Sam had been paid generously to walk Willow all the way to her plane.  I even purchased a ticket for him so they wouldn’t stop him at the gate.  I also knew Willow made it safely on the plane because I called the airport in Chicago and persuaded the agent to walk on board right before it departed to check on her.
Skipping all my classes, I had investigated the dark clique all day.  The only thing I managed to discover was the girls had been talking about doing something to Ember.  As far as I could tell no action had taken place.  It was impossible to use my skill on any of the dark clique girls since they were always in groups of eight or more.  The guys stayed grouped together as well.  Although I didn’t find out anything important, nothing about them struck me as being particularly dangerous.  But, I had only started my investigation today.  So, that was just a gypsy guess.  Willow would assist me when she returned and then we would both continue our inquiry.
Since my investigation turned up nothing of interest yet and I thought Willow’s investigation had turned up nothing as well, I hadn’t been concerned about anything.  I realized belatedly that my initial assessment had been misguided.  Something was definitely wrong on the Chicago end of things.  I had no way to judge how bad it was or what needed to be done to fix it until I spoke to Willow.
I helplessly watched as her facial features clouded over from worry while Ember looked away to sunny smiles when my little girl was looking at her.  By the time we arrived home and Ember rushed inside to call Krista, I was beside myself with alarm.
“What went wrong???” I practically yelled the question, but Willow understood it was from stress and not directly aimed at her.
“Here, just look at this…” Willow said and handed me Emily’s invitation to Ember’s birthday party.
The envelope had our local postmark on it.  The handwriting on it looked like it belonged to Willow.  I pulled the party invitation out and expected a snake to bite me or something.  It only had the same standard details we had printed about the location, time and date.  I looked at her curiously.  Then, she motioned for me to turn it over.  I felt absolute horror flood through me when I read the rules on the backside of the invitation.
They read: Shout surprise when she arrives and keep making noise – it’s a celebration.  Price of admission is one gift for the birthday girl.  Pat her on the back or give her a hug – she loves to be touched anytime she parties.  Cameras and other video equipment are allowed and even encouraged…
Outright anger washed over me and colored my vision red as I read each rule.  They were all opposite from what we had written down and approved.  I ran into the house and told Ember I had something important to do.  I told her to lock the doors and I would be right back.  Willow ran out after me and somehow managed to jump into the car right before I spun out of the driveway.
Then, I spun out of control…
“Tray, you need to bring it down a notch or two.  Let’s go get the extra invitations that are still at Krista’s house and look at those.  Then, we’ll go to the print shop where they were made and ask the printer to see the originals…” she told me the plan and then, continued to talk to me in a soothing voice.
Willow explained that Emily went home and found her invitation.  She was kind enough to drive it to the airport to show it to her.  It looked just like Willow’s handwriting on the envelope, but she didn’t address it.  The best she could come up with was that an excellent forger wrote it and mailed it to them, for some unknown reason.
Willow said she didn’t call me from the airplane because she wanted to be with me when I saw it.  I suppose she realized that I would go totally ballistic and she was right about that.  I could feel the rage inside me.  It felt like a monster rising from the pit of Hades.  I was blindly furious.
I’m gonna get to the bottom of this and then, someone’s gonna pay…
We arrived at Elizabeth’s house and Krista handed over the extra, sealed invitations to Ember’s party.  They all had the same instructions Emily’s invitation had on the back.  I started shaking from pure fury, so I asked Willow to drive to the print shop where she and I had the invitations printed.  I channeled an obliteration to the owner and he pulled up the original draft.  The rules were listed precisely as Willow and I had written them.  The printer reminded me again that I personally inspected them and signed off that they were correct when we picked them up.  He also refreshed my raging, fractured memory about the fact that we stuffed them and sealed them closed, in his shop, before we left.  That was all true.  So this situation is impossible and insane.
Somehow the invitations got switched.  Who would’ve even been able to pull something like that off???
“The dark clique kids appear to have the money to do it, but it’s very unlikely that one pack would pull a gimonsterous stunt like that without telling all the others…” I stated and my mind raced around uselessly trying to find some kind of answer.
“The BLF have the money, know-how and ability to switch the invitations.  It’s highly probable that they have a forger with the skill to mimic my handwriting since a forging skill is lucrative.  We both know that’s an ability a gang would look for in a member because of the monetary rewards.  After all, my sister-in-law was brought into my family with just her ‘signature artwork’ skill alone.
“So the BLF meet the criteria to pull the con job, but the question then becomes what would motivate them to run it at all?  If the BLF managed to fish around and finally locate Ember, why would they bother with switching the wording on the invitations or sending her friends down here to spy on her?  It stands to reason that they would just snatch her and take her back to Chicago…” Willow offered.
“None of this makes any sense…” I shouted in all out panic-mode.
My heart was beating so fast I thought my head was going to explode.  I also felt like I was being consumed by some type of darkness.  Willow must have sensed how close I was to losing it because she stopped talking.
“Pull over!” I finally demanded because I couldn’t seem to get my rage under control just sitting in the passenger seat.
She let me out of the car and I told her that I would meet her at home.  I waited until Willow was out of sight before I took some action to regain command of my furious anger.  I punched the ground repeatedly until I was kneeling inside a crater worthy of twenty sticks of erupted dynamite.  I desperately wanted to continue releasing my frustrations but then, I remembered I had left my little girl home alone.  I quickly called Willow and she assured me everything was fine.  Ember already has dinner prepared.
I ran directly home and stayed on the phone with Willow until I arrived.  I didn’t bother to look at my watch, so I had no clue how long I had been running.  I knew for a fact that I was thirteen miles from home when Willow dropped me off.  The darkness still lingered even after pounding the earth and running for miles.  I somehow managed to keep a gypsy neutral facial expression in front of them.
Willow carried the conversation through dinner.  She was the one who finally talked me down from that vengeful ledge.  By the time Ember finally went to bed, I was almost back from the brink, but still in a state of panic.
I feel the shadows starting to gather…
I urgently wanted to plead with Ember to let me move us somewhere – anywhere, and forget about whatever it is that’s holding her here.  Then, I remembered her thoughts – I knew I couldn’t take her away from this place.
I’ll just have to figure out some way to keep her safe.  I fully intend to use whatever means are necessary…

Chapter Eighty Eight

“I wanna get Tray something super special for his birthday in April and I’m gonna need your help to perpetrate it,” I secretly asked Willow for her assistance.
“Perpetrate makes it sound like something criminal Ember.  What exactly do you need from me, and how much jail time could I get for doing it?” Willow inquired seriously and closely looked at me.
She thinks I’m asking her to do something criminal…and she’s willing to think about it??
“His birthday’s April 10th so we have some time to do this.  I need you to distract him and keep him from looking too closely at our finances.  That’s all – see no jail time involved.”
“Sounds more like you’re trying to gift me to your brother.  Is this your sneaky way of putting a huge bow on my head and pinning a gift tag to my body?  I’ve explained all this to you already Sweetie – in his time…”
“No, it’s not that – I promise.  I’m going to get him something big for his birthday this year since I know we have the money.  Technically, he said it was mine to use so that’s my justification.  I want to make up for the birthday heart attack my best friend almost gave him – also known as Ember’s sweet sixteen surprise party.”
“You’re not planning a surprise party for him – are you??  He’d really hate that…” she replied loudly with a look of total horror on her face.
“Of course not…I still haven’t finished opening my eighteen million gifts…much less, writing the thank you notes for them.  I wouldn’t wish that nonsense on my worst enemy…”
“So what’s this big surprise that is NOT a party of any kind and doesn’t involve inviting anyone over to your house that day?”
“I’m gonna buy him a new truck for his birthday.  I need someone’s help picking it out though because I didn’t realize how many trucks there are to choose from,” I announced and watched her facial expression turn from relief to astonishment.
“You’re gonna buy him a new truck??”
“Yes, brand new, custom built, all the stuff that guys talk about their trucks doing – it’s gonna do all that and have everything extra added to it or into it that Walter of Nature’s Winding Path Autos can come up with…”
She sat there staring at me in shock and didn’t say a single word.
“I’m getting it with or without your help – just so you know…”
“I’ve not…I’m just…Ember how…this will…”
“Tray said the money was for me and my future.  He is a gimonsterous part of my future because I plan to never leave his side.  I want to invest in something that’s just his.  Nothing that has memories attached to it and certainly not in a vehicle that he has to work on, almost daily, in order to keep it running.  I need to do this for him, Willow…
“He allowed me to fly on my birthday.  Even though I didn’t actually achieve that flight, the point is he would’ve let me.  This is his freedom – a 4x4 so he can go everywhere I wander.  I’m not gonna change my mind no matter what anyone says – period.  Unless you distract him with your charms, he’ll notice when I take the money out.  I’ll admit what I did as soon as his birthday present is revealed – I promise…” I told her.
“Sweetie – I just don’t know what to say to you…” Willow replied as she hugged me and then, agreed to help me perpetrate my brother’s birthday whammy.
I promised that I wouldn’t invite anyone over to the house on his birthday.  I also told Willow that he could show his truck off to anyone he wanted to or he could just look at it and keep on driving our station wagon.  It would be his choice.
Willow agreed to drive the truck to our house the night before his birthday.  That way, it would be a complete surprise when he discovers it that morning.
My brother had moved our money to a secured Vaydem bank when he knew we were going to be here for a while.  Rave introduced me to the manager and all the tellers.  That way I didn’t need an ID in order to withdraw the money.
I pulled money out a little at a time, so my brother wouldn’t discover my diabolical scheme.  Willow continued to distract him anytime he wasn’t working or practicing the dance with me.  She was very skilled at keeping his attention.  They always seemed to be deep in conversation about important things, so I hoped that meant they were getting closer.
Willow had started staying at our house through the week ever since she returned from her urgent family business trip.  Her spending so much time with my brother and sleeping over were both promising signs for their relationship future.
Willow and I were standing in the kitchen cooking dinner together.  She was effectively dodging my subtle attempts to discover if they had been kissing each other earlier that afternoon.  I had walked out on the porch and they had practically jumped away from each other.  They both stopped talking and looked so guilty.
“So, how’d things go with Eli today?  Did he ever ‘pop the question’ so to speak…” she joked and tried to change the subject.
She looked around to make sure Tray wasn’t within earshot before she asked me – he’d find no humor in that little remark.
“He’s hinting strongly, but I’ve somehow managed to deflect it.  I wish he’d keep things the way they are.  But, he’s obviously not into hints.  I don’t think my luck’s gonna last much longer.  Krista’s reported that he’s building up his courage and is gonna ask me soon.  She got so mad when I told her about Eli’s intentions because she hadn’t seen it before.  Then, she called Greg a ‘terrible and frequent distraction’ and I think her remark wounded his pride a little.  I wished she would’ve at least waited until we were alone to say something like that…”
My brother walked inside before I could tell Willow anything else about the Eli situation.  I’d formulated what seemed like a perfect gypsy plan in regards to this impending-dating-doom situation.  I intended to execute my scheme in the morning in fact.  I decided to just take the bull by the horns and corner HIM tomorrow before he had a chance to corner me.
Let’s just see how Eli likes being in the hot seat for a change…

Chapter Eighty Nine

Twenty minutes before my first period class, I audaciously waltzed into the school’s newspaper office.  I decided I needed to do this before I had a chance to chicken out.  By some strange fortune Eli was the only staff person in the room when I arrived.  He looked surprised, but very happy to see me.
“Hi Ember – wow you look great today…” Eli offered with a smile.
Why was he always and forever so infuriatingly complimentary??
“Thanks and you do too…” I replied and gave him a sideways smile in return.
“You ready to reveal all in your next news piece?”
What did he mean by “all”??
The comment struck a nerve, but I didn’t have time to explore it further.  I pushed it aside quickly because I was currently on a gypsy-mission.
“I just wanted to make sure you’ve been hearing me clearly, because you know everyone, who’s anyone.  I’m not ready to date – at all…I’m still too young.  I’ve been sheltered my entire life, as you know since you did that article on me.  I’ve heard these crazy rumors that most guys around the school assume I’m of dating age now, just because I turned sixteen.  I really wouldn’t want to disappoint them if they chose to ask me out on a date, but I’d have to say “no.”  I’m sure you understand where I’m coming from.
“I was hoping that you might help me spread the word because you are the most popular guy I’m friends with.  I’d really appreciate it…” I stated and held my breath while I waited for him to respond.
“Sure, I’ll be glad to spread the word for you.  I wouldn’t want all those guys trying to ask you out on dates.  Leave everything up to me…I’ve got you covered…”
“You’re the best Eli – thanks…”
“Woo-hoo, VICTORY!  I have just successfully run my very first con job and without anyone’s help at all…Ember girl, you are the flippin’ STUFF…” I applauded myself, mentally.
Ah but what a hollow gypsy victory it would turn out to be…
The ‘Ember’s-first-and-worst-really-stinking-bad-gypsy-con-job’ netted me the results I had planned for.  Eli seemed to respect my decision.  He must have told everyone in the whole school that he and I weren’t going to be dating anytime soon.  So word got around faster than my spirit light can arc above my head.
I left Eli’s office that morning and walked down the center of the hallway.  I was feeling all kinda smug and gypsy powerful for about fifteen minutes.  Then, life rushed back in and knocked me down with a vengeance.  It was like I had ticked off some lesser, but very influential demi-god and he was bent on watching me fall to ruins for his personal entertainment.  My downfall from ‘gypsy power’, as it were, would be provided by the hands of the unattached high school male population.
I just thought my insta-fame was bad…I hadn’t seen anything yet…
My first period yoga class is exclusively for girls.  The journey between the newspaper office and that particular classroom spans less than five minutes, walking.  Somehow though, five different boys managed to intercept me on the way to change into work out clothing.  Two other guys caught me between the locker room and my yoga class – three doors down and less than one minute away.
I had no idea who any of these boys were, but this fact just seemed to give them extra courage to talk to me.  Three of them asked me to go out on a date directly.  I told them “Sorry, but I’m too young right now”.  Strangely, they didn’t appear discouraged by my declaration.  In fact, two of them said, “How about next weekend, then?”
I was thoroughly perplexed, because honestly, how much maturity does a girl gain in a few days??  The other four boys asked me to eat lunch with them today, so they could ‘talk to me about something’.  I nervously, although politely, declined their offers too with various excuses that sounded ridiculous to me.  In my defense though, I didn’t think that I would be in need of plausible excuses to not eat lunch with some random boys I didn’t even know.
So I spent the entire forty minutes of class thoughtfully considering this new, strange dating dilemma situation.  I had no idea why the boys wouldn’t take ‘no’ for an answer – especially when I had given them a reason of some kind.  None of them seemed to understand that I had actually declined their offers though.  They all said, “We’ll talk more at lunch”, even though I stated clearly that I already have lunch plans.
At first blush, this situation was slightly confusing and perhaps a tiny bit comical.  In my estimation, it was awkwardly manageable.  After the third boy asked me to have lunch with him, the humor factor had all, but vanished and the manageability decreased by a considerable margin.  I thought maybe those seven boys would get word to the others that I’m going to say ‘no’ to them as well, so they shouldn’t bother.
Guy number eight obviously doesn’t have text capability or something.  He was headed in my direction and loudly, called my name.  I bolted for the girl’s locker room and thought, like a naïve babe left to wander in the woods alone, that surely I would be safe inside those walls.  Instead, I got cornered the instant I stepped out of the shower.  Only two towels separated my body from a bunch of girls that were intent on hooking me up with their best male friends.
Unlike the boys who spoke to me one-by-one, the girls didn’t have the patience for that.  I counted seven girls all talking to me, simultaneously.  I was thoroughly overwhelmed, but they kept right on talking over each other.  They continued to get louder in an effort to try and drown the others out.  I attempted to tell them that I’m only capable of hearing one person at a time, but I couldn’t get a word in edgewise.  So I grabbed my backpack and rushed into the closest dressing room to escape their madness.
I kicked myself mentally for not keeping my cell phone with me, instead of leaving it in my locker.  Phones were expressly forbidden because most of them had cameras.  I had seen at least three cell phones get confiscated in the last month, and I didn’t want to risk losing mine.  So I always followed the rule.
As luck would have it, Krista wasn’t in school today.  None of my other friends took this class.  That meant I didn’t have anyone to help rescue me from this unfolding chaos.  I was breathless like I had been running a marathon.  I was overwhelmed and felt a panic attack coming on fast.  So, I inhaled and exhaled slowly as I worked to calm myself down.
Did those girls think I would stand half-naked all morning and consider their various offers??  That’s insane…
My spirit light vaulted turbulently inside me.  My internal fire lifted and tried to help me contain it.  For the moment at least, I maintained control and the light was securely locked inside my body.  I felt nauseated though.  I didn’t know whether my sudden illness was brought on from my raging internal storm, or because the jackals were standing just beyond the thin dressing room curtain.
I decided it must be the female jackals and their impending ‘Ember feeding frenzy’ that had me feeling sick and panicked.  They seemed more than prepared to pounce the second I showed my face again.  I fought against the nausea and urgently tried to breathe through it.
Another terrible thought occurred to me before I could chill out at all.  Any girl could just peer around the curtain in order to chat.  Not all girls are as modest as I am, and some have no problem at all standing around talking to each other nude.  I forgot about the raging inner storm and immediately, jerked on every piece of clothing I had.  I didn’t even bother to dry off.
My hair was still dripping wet.  My back and chest were getting thoroughly soaked as a result, but I didn’t care.  I slid down in the corner of my dressing room prison and tried to think of some useful strategy to get out of this scene.  I made up my mind to stay put and say nothing else until the bell sounded.  With any luck, they would figure out they needed to go about their business, because second period starts soon.
But, luck wasn’t destined to be on my side…
I would quickly discover that a pack of girls on a mission has more tenacity than Tray does about anything, EVER.  I could see handprints as they pressed against my dressing room curtain.  Then, I heard someone ask ‘Hey, are you okay in there Ember?’
At that point, I decided to loudly get this situation under command.  After all, I had gotten everyone’s attention in the lunchroom that day.  Well, that’s what I planned to do before everything fell to pieces.
My spirit light somehow managed to break free of the inner fire’s containment.  Much to my horror, I started to illuminate and my voice committed mutiny as a result.  I couldn’t seem to respond to any of the girls’ concerns.  Someone is going to push the curtain aside any minute.  Then, mass destruction…
Why didn’t I get an invisibility essence of some sort along with my inner fire???
I saw at least ten sets of feet underneath the curtain.  They were discussing whether they should check on me or go get the teacher.  No matter how hard I tried, I couldn’t reply verbally.  My spirit light was threatening to shake me apart – I need to release this power.  I also fought against the resulting nausea of trying to contain the energy inside.  My body was immobile from fear.  This situation would soon turn catastrophic, but I was currently helpless to stop it from happening.
As the overwhelming fear consumed me, I briefly considered escaping inside the shadows of my mind, like I had done on the day Tray and I ran away.  It would definitely halt the rising of my spirit light.  However, I would also end up locked inside myself for an unknown amount of time if I did that.
I have to fight my way back from the shadows…
A straitjacket would be issued since my ‘mental escape’ would most likely be discovered by the yoga teacher.  I had also terrified Tray senseless, the last time I selected that option.  It took weeks before I was able to return to him.  That was the only choice I could think of though, in my all out state of panic.
Then, an idea emerged from the chaos.  I had no clue if it would work, but I was willing to try anything.
Although I knew my pony tail holder would be destroyed, I ripped it open anyway.  It held a piece of the cunning ribbon from my birthday vestment inside it.  I had actually distributed all, but one of the pieces to my pony tail holders because I wear my hair up every day.  And, I wanted to keep that safe memory close to me at all times.
I retrieved the piece of hidden cunning ribbon and quickly tied it around my right ankle.
“Tray, I’m surrounded and I need you, now!” I shouted for him in my thoughts and kept repeating the command.
Sadly, I didn’t give any consideration to certain, obvious facts.  The first, I was stuck inside the girl’s locker room and calling my very male brother to come to my rescue.  Secondly, in my state of complete panic, I had forgotten what the cunning ribbon was capable of doing.  Tray’s obliteration radiated from the ribbon and filtered into the madness just beyond the curtain.
“Ember’s not here anymore – gotta wait until lunch to talk to her…” my brother’s voice announced.
The girls finally started to leave the locker room and believed that I was no longer here.  I yanked off the cunning ribbon and stuffed it in my pocket.  I waited until I was alone before I ran out of the dressing room – still illuminating rapidly.  I noticed the time as I rushed toward the exit.  We still had eight minutes before the bell rang.  The hallway was empty when I saw Tray and Willow running toward me.
“What on earth happened in there??” Tray bellowed and I ducked, reflexively.
“Tray, lower your tone please.  Ember Sweetie, are you okay?” Willow asked gently.
My spirit light tried to fully illuminate and my internal fire reacted violently to the scare.  Miraculously, I kept my spirit light from bursting out of me completely.  It would have destroyed the school.  The result of my containment would be overwhelming sickness as they both rushed through my body like an electrical current.  Suddenly, the nausea I had been fighting rose with a vengeance.  I turned around and made a mad dash back into the girl’s locker room.  I managed to make it over to a sink before I lost the battle.
Willow followed me inside.  She pulled out several paper towels, wet them with cold water and put them across the back of my neck.  She kept whispering that everything would be okay when the sickness overtook my body.  I would shake uncontrollably as the internal fire and my spirit light twisted around in between the heaves.
“I wanna go home,” I whined weakly and Willow led me back outside to Tray.
By the time we got in the car to go home, my spirit light and the internal fire had settled back into a comfortable position.  I was so drained between the stress, containment and the sickness though, that I slept through the entire ride.  I couldn’t seem to keep my eyes open, so Tray carried me to my bed.  I listened through the hazy drifting as my brother and Willow spoke in their language.  I didn’t have enough energy to interpret much, but I did understand that he planned to go back to school to find out what had happened.
“Tray…” I said softly and fought against my exhaustion.
“Yes, Little Girl?” he replied from the threshold of my door.
“Please, don’t leave me.  I’ll explain when I wake up, but I want you both to stay here.  Promise me…” I requested as the misty darkness swept me away.
I was asleep before I heard their promises.

Chapter Ninety

Willow and I had been working together late every night, trying to figure out who switched the party invitation instructions.  They had almost inadvertently caused a bloodbath as a result.  We suspected that it might have something to do with the dark clique kids.  Then, we quickly discovered that any type of investigation into their possible involvement would be easier said than done.
It turns out that the dark clique was a closed-rank society – just like gypsies.  It would be nearly impossible to break their ranks without the use of my obliteration skill.  The problem with using my Ay’sha ability lies squarely within its flaw.  Without that unknown supercharged boost that occasionally assists me through the cunning ribbon, I would risk another mind implosion similar to the last time.  I hadn’t learned how to expand my skill on command and it’s not like Ember wears a cunning ribbon as every day wear regardless.
I have no control of the supercharged boost.  That meant even if I could find a plausible excuse to ask my little girl to wear the ribbon AND a reason to channel something to the dark clique at school, I would still be risking frying my own brain.  Even with the assistance of the cunning ribbon, I couldn’t channel my Ay’sha skill to that many people without repercussions.  I had no idea if the super-mega power boost would assist me and I wouldn’t know until I tried to channel.
Without that boost another mind melt would definitely occur.  The dark clique always stays in the protection of their pack.  They even take classes as a group although that seemed impossible.  Somehow they had managed to manipulate their school schedules because every class they attended had no less than seven DC kids in it.  In between classes and during all lunch sessions, they had increased their pack numbers to between 15-20 members.  This dramatic increase in their numbers seemed to occur in response to our investigation.  It was a fact that was evident and extremely annoying.
Willow and I even staked out the restrooms between classes just to try and catch one of the dark clique members alone.  Those stake outs had been wasted effort because not one single ‘DC’ kid ever strayed away from the rest.  My father taught me to never wander away from his side – especially when we were working or laying low after a job.  “The lost child gets rightfully slaughtered…” is what he drummed into my head, repeatedly.
It’s no wonder I freak out every time Ember wanders out of my sight…
Although we hadn’t ruled out the Blood Legion Family and their possible involvement, the dark clique seemed the more likely culprits.  We had helplessly watched them pull in tight and virtually shutdown.  It appeared that they were going to stay that way for quite some time.
Gypsies are very patient.  They can wait to enjoy the spoils of the conquest if that’s what’s needed in order to avoid detection.  I had seen my dad wait an entire year before he fenced an antique pocket watch for the cash.  That was considered a relatively short amount of time by gypsy standards.  I had been saving all these years.  I hadn’t spent a single dime on anything other than necessities or stuff I wanted Ember to have.  Willow has more patience than I do.
We both obtained this particular trait from our fathers.  So I knew that patience can be taught to a group when the right incentives are provided.  Someone had schooled these kids about the art of staying grouped together for protection.  It was quite possible that same person taught them how to ‘shut it’ and not talk about their DC con jobs.  If that were the case then, they might not brag about this ‘Ember’s 16th birthday invitation exploit’ for some time to come – should they remain true to gypsy thinking, that is.
Willow and I had originally pegged them as a bunch of immature, moronic teenagers that couldn’t possibly keep their mouths shut when it came to pulling off something this monumental.  What we found during our investigation though is a mirror image of ourselves and our heritage staring right back at us.  That means our original assumptions were tremendously flawed to say the least.
‘Being gypsy’ is all about the flow of easy marks and the ability to hold onto the rewards until they can be safely enjoyed.  It is not, nor will it ever be, an issue of arrogance.  Pride leads directly to bragging, and bragging is well known as the fastest route to getting cold busted.  My father’s number one lesson in my life – the price of arrogance and boasting is death by various means.  He explained that most people who are currently incarcerated are – precisely where they are – because they don’t live by the unbreakable gypsy creed.  This creed is simple to remember.  Only share your cons with ‘those you own’.
‘Those you own’ are in-blood family members and spouses – period.  Blood relatives and spouses must be brought in-blood by whatever actions the Dom requires to prove their loyalty.  Unlike mafia families, even blood relatives have to be brought in-blood through gypsy custom.  Just like their spouses, they have to prove their unwavering loyalty to the family by actions that are ordered by the head of the family.
Sadly, the dark clique appears to live by the gypsy credo.  Even their youngest members had been schooled and versed.  They must have to be brought ‘in-blood’ or ‘in-something’ because some of the kids were clearly on the outside of the primary pack, wanting in.
What we did manage to discover was precious little although we spent weeks investigating them.  The dark clique has two dominant males and three dominant females.  In our gypsy culture, these males are known as Doms and the females are called Donnies.  The Doms can be the leaders of the whole family, individual houses or the separate packs.  Willow and I decided that the two males must be the Doms over two separate packs because all the others appeared to defer to them in one way or another.  In this case, they aren’t old enough to preside over a full household or the entire family – at least they’re not in our gypsy culture.
Nothing occurs within the packs that the Doms don’t know about and they must approve all the actions of their members.  The Donnies would have to get their Doms endorsement before moving forward with any plans.
So, if the dark clique stayed true to gypsy culture then the two Doms would know precisely who did what to Ember and why they chose to do it.  I’m all for harmless school pranks because those are rites of passage.  Our private lives and fixing printed party invitations to terrify my little girl wasn’t considered a prank by any stretch of the imagination.  Even though the dark clique would have no idea about the deadly potential their stunt might have resulted in, they crossed a line by their interference.  That’s a particular line that should never be crossed with anyone.  However, this was especially true when it comes to my little girl.  The article in the school paper made it clear to everyone that her privacy needed to be respected.
The Doms would have to approve the packs’ decision to fix those party invitations.  That makes being a dark clique Dom a very unenviable and short lived position.  That is if I manage to ever work my way through their labyrinth and discover that those kids were behind any of this.  I had only promised that I wouldn’t do or say anything to any of the DC girls that might be involved.
Always be careful how those deals are worded…I sure am…
Sometime during the course of our investigation, I made a realization about myself.  It seemed I had somehow turned into a dangerous adversary when it came to Ember’s protection.  Unlike in the animal world, a human predator only destroys the weakest links as a means to an end, and not for survival.  In this particular case, it was to get inside the inner circle and overcome the leaders.
I wasn’t sure precisely when I had tipped over the edge into this predatory darkness though, but that is exactly where I find myself.  I used to run with Ember to keep her safe – now I hunt and stalk enemies.  I have become a shadow dweller.  This knowledge both scares and thrills me.
Ember can’t leave this area or even this school.  Maybe it’s the fact that we have to remain here that’s allowing the darkness to invade me.  The reason doesn’t matter though.  I will protect her with all the weapons at my personal disposal – those include violence and destruction if necessary along with running and hiding too.  It wasn’t a matter of arrogance and pride either.  I had been running and hiding for years with her.  I also knew without a doubt that I would do it again if and when she gives me the option.
So, when Ember’s ‘all points panic-bulletin and five alarm fire distress call’ came thundering through my head that morning, I went from unconscious to ferocious rage at the speed of sound.  I immediately jumped up from my desk and bolted from the classroom without a single obliteration.  My body was being torched from Ember’s internal fire.  It seemed to be blazing hotter than the core of the sun.  I realized about halfway through my crazed mad-dash that I couldn’t personally barge right into the girl’s locker room to get to my little girl.
Willow had rushed out of our Lit class behind me.  She must have figured out what was happening because she reminded me how the cunning ribbon works as we ran down the hall.  I sent the obliteration through the open channel.  I had no clue how many people I had just channeled to, but the resulting instantaneous migraine made me think it was tremendous.  The pain was almost overwhelming even with the boost from the cunning ribbon.
We had no idea what was wrong, but we just knew she was in trouble.  I jumped down an entire flight of stairs in the urgent need to get to her.  Willow somehow managed to keep up with me.  We arrived at the locker room door a few minutes before the bell sounded.  Ember ran out into the hallway with her hair drenched.  She didn’t say anything before she rushed right back inside.  Willow ran in behind her and I was stuck out in the hallway alone.
So I waited for what felt like a short infinity before they both walked back out into the hall with me.  I had already made up my mind to get Ember out of there as fast as I could, but I planned to return to campus.  I needed to stalk some prey.
My little girl would stop me from making that trip.  I really wanted to defy her wishes, but I stayed at home just like she requested.  That turned out to be an excellent thing because when she told us what happened I fell over laughing.  No hunting and stalking required – just enough hilarity to make me realize that I would never have to worry about Ember being able to run a con on me.
She stinks at it…

Chapter Ninety One

When I finally woke up from my reverie, I took an hour long shower.  Then, I changed into clean clothes before I found Willow and Tray sitting outside together.  They were engrossed in a deep conversation.  They immediately stopped talking when I opened the door to join them on the front porch.  Although I sincerely wished they were discussing going on an actual date this weekend, sadly I knew their whispered conversation was about me and my crazy life.
“Haven’t you both noticed that it’s cold out here – it’s called winter for a reason…” I joked as I closed the door behind me.
Then, I noticed that my brother was wearing summer shorts and nothing else.  I had fried him again by linking us together through the cunning ribbon.  He was obviously still feeling the heat.  Willow was fully clothed and had a blanket wrapped around her body.  She even had on a hat.  Her cheeks were rosy from the chilly wind.
I apologized to Tray for roasting him without any warning and then, I explained what I had done.  Although they tried to stop, they helplessly burst out laughing.
It seems that I had made a few critical errors in judgment in regards to my diabolical plan.  The first and, likely the most important factor to consider before perpetrating any con job – know thy target better than thyself.
I would learn this little piece of wisdom from Tray and Willow after they laughed so hard they almost wet themselves.  I’ve never been a teenage male.  Therefore, I didn’t plan for certain well known factors.  It seems guys are at the mercy of their hormones, every guy wants what they can’t have and guys adore any and all challenges.  The most remarkable factor I didn’t account for was one specific to me alone.  I found out belatedly that ‘Ember’s curves are the freakin’ deal breaker, anyway’ factor from my brother.
The second error directly relates to the first, and that is – never run a con unless you’ve been educated by the best.  In my case, that should have been Tray and Willow.  Seems there’s this unspoken, but well-known rule among con artists.  Those who are good plan long and hard, but those who are great are educated and plan smart.
My brother had taught me exactly one con.  I suppose looking back on it though I thought my gypsy blood would see me through.  I had sorta decided that I could suddenly develop the gift of the gypsy like I did my spirit light and internal fire.  Then, I would simply dazzle the world with my inborn gypsy ability to pull off the best con job in history, the first time I attempted it – no education required…
There was never any chance of that happening at all…
This brought me to my third error in judgment on that fateful day.  It also kind of related to the first one – always follow the lead of your mark.
All con jobs require people skills.  So, I was in trouble before I even spoke a single word.  To say I lack that particular skill would be the world’s largest understatement, because I positively and without a question – STINK AT READING PEOPLE.
Following the lead means reading the mark’s reaction to what was offered, and then responding to the situation accordingly.  Tray and Willow both agree that unless reading people is a natural gift, that I would need months of gypsy education before I could even assist them on a job.  Even then, I most likely couldn’t say anything.  The most I could do successfully was hand them stuff or pretend to be mute, for heaven sakes.  They were both still laughing when they informed me of this, so they might have been joking.
But somehow I don’t think that’s the case…
After my education was concluded, something unexpected happened.  Willow had a change of heart.  She told Tray that he should use his obliteration skill to help me with this crazy dating dilemma I had managed to unwittingly get myself involved in.
“You’re letting Tray out of his promise?  Oh my Creator help me, did I do that bad??” I asked, stunned.
Although I realize that I had majorly messed up my first con, I did prevent Eli from asking me out in front of the entire school.  I didn’t know whether to feel relieved or insulted by Willow’s offer.
“You didn’t do ‘bad’ per se – you did achieve your objective.  Eli is a known factor to us.  He’s been your friend for a while now.  All these other people are unknowns to us.  That makes them unsafe until they can either become known factors or they lose interest in you.  Frankly Sweetie, it will take months for them to lose interest on their own because every time you say ‘no’ they are hearing ‘maybe later.’  You just found out the hard way that gypsy cons can easily backfire.  This one turned into a ‘gasoline tossed onto a burning fire’ situation.
“Unfortunately, it would take us both months to teach you the gypsy skills necessary to pull off this particular job to get it back under control.  We simply don’t have that luxury unless you’re willing to leave and start over somewhere else,” Willow explained.
“I can’t leave here, but Tray can’t possibly use his obliteration skills on everyone all the time…” I stated the truth.
“I didn’t say he’d constantly interfere…” Willow said and sounded frustrated with my logic.
“I’m gonna assist you with my skill as necessary and only when the situation warrants my attention.  I do know the difference.  You have enough going on in your world right now.  It’s not time to take this challenge on too.  I’m asking your permission to use my obliteration ability from time to time.  I wanna remove this particular leviathan from the weight you seem to keep placing on your shoulders,” Tray interrupted Willow and offered to me.
“I suppose you’re both right.  I’m gonna have to agree because honestly, I have no idea how to fix this madness.  How is it that I’m so good at creating a stir?” I pondered aloud.
“Everyone’s gotta be good at something…” Willow said and snickered.
The ‘Ember’s-on-the-dating-market-because-she’s-not-Eli’s-girl-anymore’ uproar at school simmered to a low boil as soon as Tray started channeling to the guys, occasionally.  My brother did know the difference between when I needed him and when I could handle things myself.  He didn’t have to explain that though, because he has helped me deal with stuff my entire life.
I did feel really guilty about this particular situation.  Tray was always pulling me out of the frying pan just so I could jump right into the middle of the first fire I discover.  Even though he didn’t seem to mind rescuing me, I wanted him to have time to pursue a relationship with Willow.
That will never happen if they both spend all their time bailing me out of trouble, constantly.  They need time to focus on each other.

Chapter Ninety Two

Celeste moved most of my trainings to the Arboretum classrooms and grounds.  Willow, Celeste, Tray and Rave had collectively decided that most of my channels were getting too powerful to continue my practice sessions at Sunridge.  This was evidenced by the swelling of the moon that took place the night of my birthday.
The Vaydem sacred ritual grounds were surrounded by special runes.  These runes provide channeling containment for when the power reaches critical levels.  The runes absorb the additional energy and redirect it to whichever element can withstand the punishment.  These runes were vital on the night of my birthday party.  My spirit light had enough built up power from being contained inside me that night to destroy our entire county.  The Vaydem spiritual power ring at Sunridge couldn’t have withstood that extreme release of energy.  I would’ve literally destroyed Sunridge and everything around it if I’d tried to release the contained spirit light without the runes to help absorb it.
“Ember, can you separate the essences from your spirit light?” Celeste inquired during one of my practice sessions.
I was channeling through an Ay’sha dance that required a continual stream of my spirit light.  When she asked me the question I redirected the light stream, so it was fully arced above my head.
“What do you mean?” I asked curiously and looked upward.
“Do you see the colors that flow through the central light?  Well, those are remote essences and we can discover what they are capable of channeling once you learn to stream them separately.  They each hold an individual ability.  But, that ability can’t be accessed while they are being channeled together, as you’re doing now…”
“That’s crazy because I’ve never noticed how the colors thread through the light…” I offered her in absolute amazement.
“The colors were not actually visible when you first started to channel.  You can see them now because of the influence of the moon.  You exchanged energy with the moon the night of your birthday – it’s a divine union of sorts…” Celeste explained.
“Not many people of your Ay’sha culture can successfully perform that celestial exchange – especially with the full moon.  It seems you’re always full of surprises and questions for us Ember Skyy,” Rave announced as he walked into the Arboretum to join us.
“Yep, that’s me…a living, breathing challenge if ever I did see one…” I replied comically.
I tried to separate the essence from the light, but I couldn’t seem to do it.  It was like the harder I tried to force them apart the more determined they were to stay joined.  The essences seemed to flow with my emotional climate.  Once my frustration reached the stratosphere, the colors would immediately collapse back inside of my spirit light.  It was like the streams of essence were trying to hide from my internal temper tantrum.  Celeste and Rave both noticed the fact that I was perturbed and preparing to throw a fit.
“The essences can’t be forced into separating – especially, on this sacred ground…” Rave reminded me to be patient.
“My patience sadly knows a limit – especially when it comes to seeing what they can each do.  Now that I’ve seen them, I wanna channel them alone.  It would be different if I could read about them or study them, somehow.  I’ve never seen anything written on the essences that make up a spirit light.  They refuse to obey my command and separate so I can check them out.  It’s extremely irritating…” I stated.
“They’ll sing in parts when they’re ready.  This is something we can’t teach you.  Nothing’s been written about it, yet because your spirit light is very rare.  Your ability to channel in unison with the moon is highly uncommon as well.  We’re sorta writing history as we go along.  You’re unique to this world and to us…” Rave commented on my skills and abilities.
“So I’m a challenging mutant child – that should make for excellent future reading…”
“Ember, would you mind showing Rave which vestment you selected to wear right after your party was over.  Well, if you can remember which one you chose that is…” Celeste inquired.
I was excited because I did remember for a change.  That fact was amazing since I’d recently discovered that the Vaydem chambers held 333 separate and unique vestments.  The vestment I wore that night still called out to me – like it was mine through some divine declaration.
We walked into the “Ritual Chamber of Fire and Ice”.  I stroked the vestment that was made of blue silk with fiery red ribbons and the pearls that dangled from it.  My memory of the butterflies washed over me like a gentle spring rain.  I enjoyed another minute of my personal paradise before I handed the vestment to Rave.
“I’m positive that was the vestment I wore, but I still have no idea how I put it on my body.  I was so exhausted that I couldn’t even keep my eyes open…” I wondered out loud.
Rave and Celeste exchanged an unknowable look, but didn’t say anything else to me.  We walked back inside the sacred forest and I continued to practice.  The essences still refused to separate from my spirit light.  I spent at least an hour a day trying to stream them separately and no matter how hard I tried they stayed stubbornly linked together.
The weeks flew by as Willow distracted Tray so I could remove money from the bank account.  I chose a dark blue, fully loaded Chevy Avalanche with an incredible stereo system to buy.  But, that’s where my selections ended.  I don’t know anything about vehicles period.  Walter at Nature’s Winding Path made various suggestions, but all that netted him was a blank expression from me.  It was painfully obvious after several days and a few thousand indecisions later that I was over my head in regards to ordering a truck.
I finally had to ask Rave to assist me with all the other details because at the rate I was going I would still be stuck on the order form on my brother’s birthday.  Rave was pleased with my model choice.  He said the Chevy I had selected was big enough for Tray, but compact enough to fit in between the small spaces.  He didn’t elaborate on it, so I assumed he was referring to parking spaces.
Willow continued to subtly remind me that I shouldn’t invite anyone over on Tray’s birthday.  She didn’t need to worry about me slipping up in this instance though.  This insane boy-dating-issue was still overwhelming me.  My brother was forced to shadow me everywhere.  So I didn’t want to be social outside of school with anyone other than Krista and my family.  I certainly didn’t want him having to spend his birthday channeling obliterations to anyone.
I truly thought the floodgates I had accidently opened would have been slightly repaired by April.  After all, I had yanked them open back in February.  I had misjudged the situation as usual.  It seemed like more boys were interested in asking me out on a date now than when the situation first started.
Willow was so right about the boys hearing ‘maybe later’ from my emphatic ‘no thanks’ that I issued to them.  Tray had to use his skill more frequently.  This meant he would end up with a headache although he tried to tell me that he was perfectly fine.  I finally asked Willow and Tray if I could wear the cunning ribbon from time to time because it amplified my brother’s obliterations.  They both readily agreed.
I was very selective when I used it though, needing to keep my thoughts away from spoiling his birthday surprise.  My brother looked healthier when I used the ribbon and more relaxed too.  Although I had no idea how running around inside my chaotic mind helped him to chill out, I could visibly see him relax when I wore the cunning ribbon.
The week of Tray’s birthday surprise had finally arrived and I only had to wait two days until the big reveal.  I was already wiggling from excitement and could barely contain my enthusiasm.  Patience has become my enemy and it’s currently winning the battle.
Willow pulled me aside and told me to go to bed early.  She explained that my excitement kind of looks like anxiety.  So I could easily alert my brother to the fact that something was up because he could read me.  If he flipped out then I would have to tell him what’s up.  Then I’d be forced to reveal my surprise early after spending weeks on planning its creation.
I knew I was never going to make it through another full day without blowing the surprise.  Avoiding my brother’s scrutiny, I stayed in the shower for almost two hours.  The water was icy and although that was still comfortable for me, I couldn’t remain in the bathroom all night long.  Eventually someone else would have to use it.
Then suddenly, I had an inspired idea…
I made a few quiet phone calls before I stepped out onto the porch to say goodnight to them.  Since it was only 8:03 p.m. my brother looked at me like I had been abducted by some kind of alien.  I just smiled and shrugged in reply.  Then, I ran back inside the house before he could ask me anything else about it…

Chapter Ninety Three

“I’ll never understand that kid even though I do spend some time in her head on a daily basis…” I informed Willow as we sat outside on the porch.
“Ours is not to question – just to follow her around and keep her from tumbling into a pit on her endless quest for knowledge and trouble…” Willow offered jokingly.
“There’s an understatement if ever I’ve heard one!  You and Celeste can’t teach her fast enough.  Celeste uses the term ‘indescribable’ so often in reference to Ember’s channeling gifts that it flips me out…”
“Uncle Rave told me that you both might have a Vaydem bloodline as well,” Willow stated gently and then, waited to gage my reaction.
“He’s sort of brought that up to me in passing a few times.  Honestly, on my end of the spectrum it doesn’t seem likely.  If it turns out to be true, I’ll somehow manage to incorporate it.  I guess that would help explain some of Ember’s ‘indescribable’ channeling gifts.  I can’t imagine how much time Rave will have to spend teaching her all about the Vaydem lineage on top of everything else he does…” I replied.
“He’s been thoroughly engrossed in something going on at the Arboretum.  I think it’s some type of festival or ritual ceremony preparation.  But, I’m sure he’ll find the time to teach her because he realizes that she’ll try her hand at using her ‘inborn-Vaydem-skills’ if he doesn’t.  He’s rather fond of the Arboretum and wouldn’t want to see her flatten it like a pancake due to her misguided curiosity…” she told me and we doubled over laughing.
“I know Rave’s fairly certain we do have a Vaydem lineage, but he’s kind of been holding back instead of just coming out and saying it.  He’s discovered that I can only handle so much and is giving me time to process it.”
“Yeah, he’s very perceptive.  I guess the question comes down to – are you prepared to accept it yet?”
“I’ve been trying to avoid thinking about it, but it appears that the Creator has other plans in mind.  Every time I turn around the fact that we’re Vaydem too is getting shoved at me.
“Celeste told me a few days ago that Ember walked into a sacred chamber and then, put on some Vaydem elder’s vestment the night of her birthday.  That type of vestment normally would’ve repelled someone her age.  I told her I’d apologize to Rave the next time I saw him.  She said there wasn’t any need to do that because Ember’s ability to wear it is an honor given by the vestment – as in, it wouldn’t have allowed her to touch it, much less wear it without a ‘divine’ type of permission.
“That freaked me out, because suddenly my little girl can walk inside the Vaydem Sacred Fire and Ice Chamber and yank on an elder’s vestment.  So, I guess my days of ignoring our Vaydem bloodline are rapidly drawing to a close – regardless of what I’m currently prepared to handle…” I informed her and shook my head in exhaustion.
“Uncle Rave told me that she can effortlessly breach the wards and protection runes that surround the Arboretum.  I know for a fact that she can walk right through some very powerful repelling runes that surround the entire Preserve.  It’s strange, but I don’t think she realizes that she’s even doing it.  She’s always so involved inside her own internal world that she’s kinda oblivious to the fact that I have to ask Uncle Rave to drop the protections, so I can follow her when she wanders away.”
“I guess that kind of seals it, huh?  We definitely have a Vaydem bloodline.  I’ll figure out a way to manage this, but I’m not ready to share the revelation with Ember quite yet.  She’ll turn into a fountain of questions and Rave will have to be the one to answer them.  I don’t know what’s keeping him so busy, but you’re right about that ‘inborn-Vaydem-skills-test’ if he can’t teach her immediately.
“Also her internal furnace scorches her when she gets frustrated.  I’ve felt that internal blaze and even burning at a low roar it’s still a flippin’ incinerator…” I told Willow.
We both agreed that all new forms of information should flow very gradually in her direction.  That’s a pace well suited for my liking.  I needed to chat this over with Rave before I said anything to my little girl about our newly discovered heritage.  I wanted him to give me the details first and be able to plan for a time to teach her.
I started to shiver when I thought about how fast Ember could destroy the Arboretum with some unknown Vaydem ability…
“Willow, my queen, you ever gonna spill it about what’s got her so bouncy tonight?” I stated and used the word ‘bouncy’ because I couldn’t think of any other way to describe it.
“You must be kidding??  I’ll never break the female code for any price or any male servant either…”
“I should just duck and run before I get taken hostage by the two of you…”
“It’s way too late for that, honey.  Sorry, but you’re kind of stuck at this point…” Willow informed me and laughed.
“Did you discover anything new today about our local gang affiliates?” I asked her about the dark clique.
“Nothing – I never knew how frustrating our gypsy culture could be until I met these kids.  Every gypsy in the known universe would be considered a raving songbird compared to them…”
“Well, the DC girls are anything but silent, usually…” I thought out loud.
“Everything they talk about is useless to our investigation.  Trust me – I’ve listened to their conversations carefully.  They’re all about hair, makeup, fashion, boys and more boys.”
“Something will turn up eventually because we’re extremely patient – we stay the course…”
“Yes, as always – we stay our course…”
We sat up talking until 11:30 and then, we both went to bed.  I had given Willow her own bedroom in the house because she spends so much time with us during the week.  She occasionally spends some weekend nights at Sunridge too.  I didn’t want Ember to think we were sharing a bedroom in our house though, because we weren’t.
My little girl had seen Willow many nights before she went to sleep and she would still be here in the morning.  I had originally thought that my separate bedrooms idea would be enough to alleviate her curiosity about any possible physical relationship going on between me and Willow.  That assumption turned out to be wrong.  Ember questioned me about it out of the clear blue sky one day last weekend.
“Tray, do you and Willow sleep together?” she asked me.
“Have you ever seen us sleep together?” I countered her with a question because she had caught me off guard.
“You realize that you can just say it’s none of my business and I’ll leave it at that.  You don’t have to lead me in circles…” Ember offered me a way out.
I had two choices when she said that.  I could tell her it was none of her business because technically, it wasn’t.  She would leave the subject alone because she respected my privacy.  Or I could answer her question directly and use this rare opportunity to teach her an important life lesson.
“I love Willow, so that means – no, we’ve never slept together…” I revealed and waited for her to process what I had just said.
“I don’t get it?  I thought if the two of you are in love with each other that…” Ember started to say, but I interrupted her train of thought.
“Little Girl, physical love creates and takes a tremendous amount of commitment to another person.  Lots of people believe it’s sorta commonplace and that’s a real tragedy in my opinion.  The act of physical love shouldn’t ever be taken lightly.
“If I love Willow then, I wanna wait until I’m ready to offer her my full lifelong commitment.  So that means complete devotion of heart, soul and then, body – in that order.  Why would anyone want to just jump to the end??  No one can reverse time and once the act is complete there’s no going back.  The middle stuff is super important.  Those are memories she and I both deserve to have.  I would hate to think that all we had to look back on was the ending…” I explained it as best I could and hoped she understood.
“So, you rob yourself of something special and unique if you skip the middle stuff for the temporary pleasure of the last…” Ember pondered out loud.  “That’d be dumb…”
Yes, it would be…

Chapter Ninety Four

The next morning I awoke to absolute silence.  That’s never a good thing in relation to my little girl.  I ran outta my bedroom and into the hallway.  Ember’s bed was made and she was nowhere to be found!   I yelled for her, but the only reply I received was more silence.  I freaked out as the reality washed over me.  My little girl isn’t in the house…
Willow rushed out of her bedroom and looked thoroughly panicked too.  I immediately ran toward the kitchen, shouting for Ember.  But I noticed a note taped to the back door from her and it read:
Morning Tray,
I’m giving you an early birthday present – surprise!  Rave, Celeste and Boo picked me up at 5:00 am. We’re gonna stop by and get Krista because Elizabeth said she could skip school with me today.  Then, we’re all going to spend the day at Sunridge.  I promise to stay on the Jansens’ property all day long and I won’t get into any trouble!  I won’t have to go anywhere else because Krista and Boo-bear will be with me.  So I won’t have a chance to wander away.
I’m giving you an entire “Ember’s safe so I’m worry free” day to spend with Willow.  Please work on the middle stuff because I’m getting very impatient.  Have fun and do NOT think about me.  Rave and Celeste vow to watch my every movement.  Of course, that stinks for any potential gossip-fest with Krista but I’d do anything for you!
I love you,
Ember
I stood transfixed and marveled at the most perfect birthday gift I’d ever been given.  Ember had thought of everything.  I trusted Rave and Celeste to watch her closely.  Boo and Krista would occupy her time.  They would keep her out of trouble.
Willow smiled as she read the note over my shoulder.  We rushed around to get ready because we had to drive all the way into Georgia to find where I wanted to take her.
The carnival was still closed when we arrived because it was a school day.  So it wouldn’t officially open until 5:00.  That little detail didn’t stop Willow and I from walking around and enjoying the atmosphere though.  We talked about everything imaginable and even played a game of hide-n-seek.  She was ‘it’ first and it didn’t take long for her to find me.  Then, she hid from me and I spent thirty minutes searching for her.  I could never find her when we were kids and I couldn’t find her now either.  I finally gave up and shouted that I surrendered so she would come out of hiding.
We knew several of the carnies and spoke to them while they turned on the lights and the music.  Then, we rode all the rides and I won Willow an arm full of cheap prizes.  After we loaded her prizes in the car, she handed the attendant tickets to go through the funhouse.  She fell over laughing because I got stuck in several places.  It seems funhouses aren’t typically designed for guys my size.
Rave called me and said Ember was already asleep from her exhaustive day of fun with Krista and Boo.  He asked me if I wanted to just let her spend the night with them.
I was caught between conflicting emotions.  She wouldn’t want to wake up apart from me on my birthday.  I knew this because I felt the same way.  I also wanted to stay until the carnival closed with Willow.  So I finally told Rave that I would be over to pick her up at 3:00 am and I could just carry her to the car.  That way I could have both things I wanted.
We stayed until the lights were turned off and the carnies had left for the night.  Then, we played a real game of hide-n-seek just like we did when we were kids.  I still couldn’t find her even though I searched every last inch of the carnival and every hiding place known to mankind.  She refused to share where she had been hiding although I offered her a bribe.
Willow slept on the ride home.  We pulled into Sunridge at 2:44 am.  I slipped inside, carried my exhausted little girl out to the car and laid her down in the backseat.  Once I had them both settled into their beds when we arrived home, I unplugged everyone’s alarm clock.  I was going to spend my entire birthday doing what I wanted to do.  So that meant Willow, Ember and I were going to stay home all day – no boys drooling over my little girl, no obliterations and no cares in the world…
According to my watch I had only been asleep for an hour before Ember was shaking me in an effort to wake me up.
“Happy Birthday, Tray!” my little girl squealed when she realized the shaking thing wasn’t going to work.
I buried my head underneath my pillow and made some kind of noise although it couldn’t pass for any words in the English language.  This didn’t discourage Ember…who was determined to get my attention.
“Get up – get up!” she shook me even harder because I was still hidden with no plans to come out anytime soon.
“Thanks, now I need some sleep…just an hour or so…I’m begging you…we’ll talk when I get up…”
“But I need you to help me do something…it’ll just take a second…please…”
I sighed into my mattress as I realized this was going to be one of those battles that I just couldn’t win.  I was so exhausted that I could barely move.  If I went ahead and complied with her request maybe – just maybe – I would get to go back to bed and take a little nap.
“Whatcha need me to do, Little Girl?” I asked as I removed my head from its hiding place and yawned.
“I kinda think I did something to the car…”
Her words rocketed through my mind and I was instantly awake.  I jumped to my feet in an all-out panic.  Ember wasn’t supposed to be in the car without me or Willow, much less messing up the car without us being there…
My thoughts immediately raced to the idea that my little girl had tried to drive this morning because she believed it was an inborn ability.  Although I had given it a passing thought that she might consider driving the car, I never thought she would try it without giving me some kind of warning that she was interested in doing it.
I grabbed her by the shoulders to perform an inspection.  Once I discovered that EMBER was fine, I fired question after question at her.  I didn’t actually give her a chance to respond to any of them as I rushed down the hallway to go outside.  The car keys were gone from their hook and I became frantic.
“Ember, you have to LEARN to drive a car first!  Next, you get a permit so you can practice and then, you get a license – in that order.  You could kill yourself trying to drive around freakin’ clueless.  I thought we agreed that you’d get my permission BEFORE you decided to alleviate your own curiosity about something.  This kind of stunt could kill me too because I’d keel over if something happened to you…”
I was putting on my shoes while still in motion.  Charging through the house, I instructed her loudly about talking to me BEFORE she acted.  I realized that her endless curiosity would continue to get her into trouble.  No lecture was going to stop her.  But, I had to vent my anxieties or I would fall to ruins.
The lecture continued as I sternly told her that she is never allowed to go anywhere near the car without a licensed driver knowing it.  Then, I remembered that Greg has his.  I prepared to tell her that there are only four people in HER life that counted as licensed drivers.
By the time I rushed out onto the back porch I hadn’t taken a single breath and Ember hadn’t gotten a word in edgewise.  I expected to see the mangled remains of what used to be our station wagon.  What I thought I would find and what was actually there were two different things altogether.  My mind tried to wrap itself around my new reality…
I felt my knees buckle from relief and shock.  Fortunately I was standing near the handrail and I used it to steady myself.  It took a few seconds for me to realize that my eyes weren’t currently deceiving me.  I was staring at a brand new Chevy Avalanche 4x4 truck with a massive bow on top and ribbons hanging over the sides.  The windshield had a message written on it from Ember like a huge gift tag.
It read: Tray’s freedom!

Chapter Ninety Five

Once my brother realized the fact that I didn’t try to drive the car anywhere, he doubled over and started panting.  I thought he might actually pass out.  Rave, Celeste and Boo-bear had brought the truck over and they waited to see Tray’s reaction.
The original plan was for Willow to drive it over to our house.  That plan was cancelled because she spent ‘Tray’s-day-of-worry-freedom’ with him.  He would get really suspicious if she asked him to drop her off at Sunridge after the day they spent together.  I also didn’t want to ruin the magical love-filled relationship mood created by Stupid Cupid – well, I hoped that little winged sucker created that kind of mood because after all, I had just provided him with a tremendous amount of assistance.  That’s the very least he could do…
So I had to formulate a new truck delivery plan.  During my scheming, I somehow remembered my promise to Willow.  I vowed to not invite anyone over for Tray’s birthday.  This meant I had to figure out a ‘creative-Emberism’ to justify my decision.  We certainly had no reason to swing by Sunridge before school since Willow was at our house.  I would burst though if I had to wait until after school to surprise him.
I didn’t realize Willow had already planned to tell him she ‘forgot something’ at her aunt and uncle’s house.  She didn’t look too shocked by the fact that I had figured out a way to get the truck here without her assistance.  I pulled her aside because I didn’t want her to think I betrayed her.  So I quietly, but effectively, explained my rationales.
“I didn’t break my word to you at all, my Willow, and you need to know that.  Although I did promise that I wouldn’t invite anyone over to our house for my brother’s birthday, technically I didn’t invite Rave, Celeste and Boo-bear to come over this morning to celebrate the day.  They were just delivering his gift and moving the station wagon into our old barn for me.
“Now you might be thinking that I could’ve just asked Rave to come over alone because Tray could’ve dropped him off in his new truck.  But it’s not like I could ask Rave to leave the love of his life at home without him because that would be wrong for a whole bunch of reasons.  Since I couldn’t ask him to abandon Celeste to the winds of fate to deliver something for me, they had to bring my little Boo-bear too.  They couldn’t just leave him home all alone, now could they??
“So you can very well see that they were just delivering a gift, kind of like FedEx does and not invited over by me on Tray’s birthday at all.  I know I vowed that I wouldn’t give my brother a ‘surprise birthday party’ of any kind, but then Celeste suggested that we celebrate at Sunridge this afternoon.  That makes Tray’s party her idea and not mine.  Then, I had to help select a few things for it because I was there after all and Tray is my only brother.  But all I did is pick out the party stuff and tell her what kind of cake to order.  That could only be considered helpful on my part and not considered ‘planning a party…’
“Plus, it would be impolite to not allow Rave and Celeste the opportunity to celebrate Tray’s birthday with him.  Considering they were the FedEx drivers, they should have the chance to give him a party – sort of like their paycheck for gift package delivery.  Also since the whole ‘Celeste’s birthday party for Tray’ is gonna happen at Sunridge then, I kept my word because I didn’t invite them here and you know all about their unplanned party, so it’s not a surprise.  It also won’t be a surprise to him, either because I’m gonna tell him or you can.  Oh yeah, I didn’t tell Krista anything about the unplanned party, so she and Greg won’t be there unless Celeste invited them.
“Now, you understand that ‘in reality’ I didn’t truly invite anyone, anywhere for Tray’s birthday just like I promised…” I informed her in perfect ‘Ember-psychotic’ speak.
She stared at me in wide-eyed wonder during the entire explanation.  Willow hugged me because I think I ‘creatively rambled’ her into mutative submission.
I got the lecture from Tray about what the money was supposed to be used for, but I had already planned for this contingency.  I told him it was safer than the car and has some kind of super good safety rating thingie.  This was a justification my brother could relate to.  I wanted him to just relax and enjoy his new toy without panicking over the purchase.  He seemed satisfied with that justification although we both realized it was a large ‘creative-Emberism.’  The station wagon was perfectly safe too or else he wouldn’t drive us around in it.
Tray checked out every square inch of his new truck before he took us off-roading.  I’ve never seen him look quite so happy.  At 5:00 we went to Sunridge for my brother’s non-existent party.  After dinner, Rave and Celeste gave him their birthday gift.  Tray opened the box and found a heavy duty wench that mounts on the front of his truck.  He thanked them both for everything and gave Celeste a hug.  Willow had bought him a truck bed toolbox that had a security lock.  I held my breath and waited for him to finally kiss her, but I eventually had to inhale because it didn’t happen.  He hugged her and whispered ‘it’s perfect, I love it’ in her ear, but then he crouched down to check out his new gift.
Although they did exchange a look that I thought might convey the start of a deep relationship, I urgently needed them to kiss or say something to indicate it.  I really stink at reading people.  After ten minutes and no romantic actions, I decided that Stupid Cupid clearly needs more than one day and a little assistance.
Me and that little winged cherub sucker are gonna have words because I thought we had a deal…
I told Tray to take Willow on a ride because I needed to go to the Arboretum and practice.  I had a ‘word of prayer’ with Cupid as they drove off into the proverbial sunset.  Still not wanting to leave their destiny up to fate or chance, I struck another deal with that winged sucker.  I would give him some additional help because I need this to happen.  I planned to force Tray and Willow to be alone together daily.  Then, he needed to do his part and shoot them with an arrow.
The days flew by as Krista and I worked on our schemes to assist Stupid Cupid.  I spent hours at the Arboretum, studying with my best friend and any other excuse I could come up with so he could spend time alone with Willow.  I hoped my brother didn’t realize that the only times I needed the extra help with channeling or helping Krista were the times when he was off work.
I was getting very skilled at controlling my spirit light.  Even Boo-bear could safely play in the general vicinity while I streamed it.  I didn’t wander off while I was inside the sacred Arboretum because Celeste or Rave carefully watched me.  Krista had a knack for keeping me focused too.  This meant Tray felt comfortable enough to spend a few hours each day alone with Willow.  My Ay’sha dance lessons with her were always finished by the time Tray got off work.
Celeste has been teaching me how to focus my mind when the essences try to distract me.  They are so beautiful and can be hypnotic.  She explained how important it was not to channel any power if I’m not focused or if I’m overwhelmed by emotion.
My inner fire still burns at a very comfortable level, most days.  It only blazes into an intolerable furnace if I get frustrated or upset about something.  Now that I had gained more control of my spirit light and channels, that didn’t happen too often.
The resulting popularity of my ‘gypsy misadventure date avoidance fiasco’ remains a proverbial monkey on my back.  It seems like half the high school male population still approaches me about going on a date and their actions are ridiculously predictable.  They constantly flirt with me and act like total morons.  Tray still has to use his obliteration skill on a daily basis.
It was already the first week of May before I knew it.  Things in my life had finally calmed down for the most part.  Elizabeth and I started planning a Sweet Sixteen party for Krista in June.  It’s not a surprise so my best friend is providing her input.  We also had plenty of time for gossip sessions and scheming.
Tray adores his new truck.  I also know he’s in love with Willow and she loves him as well.  Plus they’re getting to go on dates and spend time alone together.  They are finally having their middle stuff.  My bargain with Stupid Cupid seems to be going along nicely too.
Everything was as close to perfect as anyone could expect…then…the unexpected…

Chapter Ninety Six

“Would you like to explain how you plan on playing tennis with that iPod attached to your hand?” my first period, gym teacher asked me sarcastically.
I blushed from embarrassment.  My morning routine had been disrupted and it had obviously rattled my mind.  I awkwardly stood, all red faced with my illegal contraband gripped in my hand for the whole world to witness.
“I’m sorry – may I please go put it away in my locker, Coach Pressman?” I inquired desperately and I knew exactly what would happen if she didn’t allow me to.
“Ember, you know the consequences.  Electronic devices are not allowed on campus period…” she stated, firmly.
I’m moving Criminal Mastermind to the bottom of my list of “Careers to Have Before I Die” list because I don’t have the skill set necessary to pull it off…
Sadly, I did know the drill because Greg just lost his DSI last week and received a day in detention as a result.  I waited for the coach to scrawl a note that explained my offense.  It would instruct the vice principal to throw the proverbial book at me.
My chaotic morning really threw me off balance.  Willow had stayed at Rave and Celeste’s house last night to watch my Boo-bear.  Rave had an annual sacred ritual ceremony that he was scheduled to lead and an all night planning session was required.  They didn’t want to take Boo with them because of the amount of people in attendance.  So they asked Willow to spend the night and babysit him.  They wouldn’t be back until late this afternoon at the earliest.
Tray and I had overslept this morning and then, had to rush around like two lunatics in order to get ready.  I was forced to dress in my gym suit because I knew I wouldn’t have time to change when I got to school.  So my school clothes were stuffed in my backpack instead of the other way around.  It would have to go in my regular locker because it was much closer than the one in the girl’s locker room.  Backpacks aren’t allowed on the tennis courts and there was no place to hide it.  That meant after gym class I would have to rush to my main locker in my gym shorts.  That was not an appealing prospect, but that was my only choice.
My brother was scheduled to open Sunridge for Rave.  He dropped me off at school in a hurry and he couldn’t stay with me like usual.  That meant he was filled with anxiety, but didn’t want me to know it.  By the time I jumped out of the truck at school, we were both on edge and rattled.
Coach Pressman handed me the note and then, pointed toward the office.  I decided to pop my ear buds in and listen to my music as I walked from the tennis courts to the high school stockades.  I figured I didn’t have anything to lose, so I might as well enjoy it while I can.
The song rang loudly in my ears as I turned up the volume to the highest setting.  I would blast the music in defiance of all that was wrong with my school’s decision to forbid iPods and MP3 players.  After all, high school should be all about the whole musical experience – shouldn’t it?
All those extra hours of practice had really paid off.  I could easily control my spirit light now even being outside in the breeze while listening to music.  Preparing for the approaching debate with the vice principal, I wasn’t paying much attention to my surroundings.
My focus stayed averted until I reached the place I had first encountered the silver mist in November.  For some strange reason, I stopped walking and held my breath.  I stood transfixed with my full attention riveted on the memory.  For one quick, but fateful moment I closed my eyes to relive the blissful event.  My mind wandered into the enchanting memory.
Then suddenly, I felt a painful stinging sensation on my neck like I had just been assaulted by a monster-sized mosquito.  I tried to reach up and squeeze the pain away, but strangely my hands were no longer under my control or command.  I opened my eyes and they were already hazy.
All I could do is watch in helpless horror as I felt myself being lifted from the ground.  Someone grabbed my iPod out of my hand hard enough to break it.  It sounded like a man’s voice curse as he threw both the player and my ear buds across the concrete.  They bounced into the bushes near the gym.  He tossed me into the back of the waiting van…
The cracked screen on my iPod was the last thing I remember seeing before the van door was slammed shut…
My mind shouted insanely for Tray…for the silver mist…for my spirit light…
My lips however, were still and silent…
The inner fire and my light slowly began to fade from my awareness…
Then…
Darkness falls…

Chapter Ninety Seven

An unsettling and shadowy thought flickered through my mind and I instantly shivered.  It felt like someone had just walked over my grave.  The dark thought faded away though and I tried my best to dismiss it.  Still, I seemed to feel something shrouded and possibly sinister close on my horizon.  Attempting to shake the feeling of impending doom, I glanced at my cell phone while I waited for the red light to turn.  I considered sending Ember a text message, but the light changed.  So I had to stop looking at my dormant cell phone, because crashing the Chevy wasn’t on the agenda for this morning.
I tried to just concentrate on driving to Sunridge, although I still felt the lingering darkness somewhere in the back part of my mind.  I couldn’t shake the bad feeling so I decided to go back to school and pick up Ember.  Before I made that U-turn I remembered why I left her in the first place.  A belligerent customer would be waiting for me.  So I rolled up the windows in my new truck and enjoyed the smell of the interior as I worked to rid myself of the shadowed thoughts.
I’m probably being paranoid over nothing…
It had already been a very strange morning, and it had been that way since I first opened my eyes.  Willow stays at our house during the week and she’s the one that cooks breakfast.  Although I realized she wasn’t there last night when I went to bed, somehow my mind forgot that fact this morning.  Even though my alarm went off at 6:30, I didn’t become aware of my surroundings until 7:18 when my little girl yelled for me to get up.
I had to drive like a ‘hyped-up-Nascar-driver’ just to get Ember to school on time.  She had two tardies in gym class this semester, and she refused to let me use my obliteration ability on her coach.  Unfortunately, I had promised her that I would only use my Ay’sha skill on the boys who still want to ask her out.  As my luck would have it, her coach is a female.  This meant I couldn’t even get gypsy creative about our deal either.
It’s understandable that Ember is worried about my health.  I’ve been channeling lots of obliterations in the past several weeks.  Although I tried to convince her that I was physically okay, her memory tells her otherwise.  She remembers that day in the cafeteria when I performed that mass obliteration to save her from that massive crowd.
If Rave hadn’t been available to rescue me, I’m not sure I would’ve survived it…
It was unexplainable, but I was physically fine even after channeling so much on a daily basis.  No matter how hard I tried, I couldn’t convince Ember of this fact.  I couldn’t actually give her a plausible reason for being able to do it without suffering any type of repercussions.  Something unknown seems to boost my obliterations, but I have no control over it or any explanation to give my little girl.
If I told Ember anything about that mysterious boost, she would riddle me with a thousand questions.  I wouldn’t have any answers to give her and then I’d be in big trouble.  I know my little girl and she would take off on some quest to discover what it was or she would become alarmed.  Neither of those scenarios would work out in my favor.  So I opted not to tell her anything about it.
We had arrived at school with only three minutes to spare before her gym class started.  Ember gave me a quick hug, said she loves me and jumped out of the truck.  She had rushed toward the building like the devil was chasing her.  I had watched her until she disappeared inside the door.
I had literally begged my little girl to come to Sunridge with me today and just skip school entirely.  She had stubbornly refused to even consider it though.  Her freshman year is almost over and I believe she wants to enjoy every minute she has left.  This was a surprising thought – and one that makes me smile, considerably.  She’s wasted countless hours trying to get me to use my obliteration skill to move her into a higher grade.  I had somehow managed to stand my ground for once.  Now, she was savoring the last days and I was sure that I had made the right decision.
I fully realize that if we had moved and switched schools again that I would have lost my resolve and given into her demand…but, she would never discover that little fact…
Glancing at my watch, I noticed the date.  We still have over a month left of this school year because of all the bad winter weather and having to make up the days.  I had already started to tentatively plan our summer vacation.
There was never a need to ask for time off from any of the other jobs I’ve held.  At the beginning of each summer, I would quit and we would travel until the new school year started.  I would just get a new job wherever we ended up.  So it felt strange to ‘formally’ request an extended vacation.  I explained to Rave that I have always taken Ember on ‘summer hunts’ since we’ve been on our own.  I wanted her to have wonderful childhood memories of those travels and adventures.  We are still gypsies, first and foremost.
Rave told me that he’s very proud of me, and everything I do for my little girl.  Then, he readily agreed to give me the time off with pay.  I told him ‘no way am I gonna let you pay me for ten weeks of freakin’ vacation!’  He wouldn’t take ‘no’ for an answer though.  If I didn’t know any better, I would truly believe that he’s a gypsy.  Otherwise, I never would have agreed to let him pay me for all that time off without being conned into it.  I had actually tried to bring up the subject a few times since, but it appears he’s already made up his mind.  No point in wasting good air trying to get him to change it.
As I turned into Sunridge, the same feeling of impending darkness inched its way back into my thoughts.  I needed to open the garage since I had already committed to doing it.  And, I wanted to start repaying Rave for his generosity.  So I tried to shove those thoughts of approaching danger away.  My suspicious nature still attempted to get the better of me regardless.  I have always hated to leave Ember anywhere alone, and today was no different.  It should’ve come as no surprise that I was on edge this morning.
Willow and Boo were both wide awake and dressed for the day when I stepped inside to greet them.  She handed me a cup of coffee and informed me that she was going to the creek with Boo.  I heard the concern in her voice before she took off after him.  So I added her and Boo to my laundry list of worries as I opened the garage.
The bizarre morning never improved.  The customer who was so all-fired insistent that I be here at 8:30 sharp so she could ‘inspect my work and then, pick up the car upon approval’ didn’t show up.  In fact she didn’t even call to say she’d be late.  I started working on a valve job while I waited for her to come storming in.
Something still feels wrong…
I couldn’t seem to concentrate as fleeting thoughts of darkness swirled through my mind.  I would jump at the slightest noise or movement.  Then, to top it all off, I managed to drop a critical bolt into the throttle body while my mind was focused on my anxieties.  It took me over two hours just to retrieve it.  That little bolt-retrieving adventure had me frustrated and ready to punch something.
Turns out that Willow had a good reason to be concerned about Boo.  He had somehow managed to escape from her watchful gaze – that’s no easy task to accomplish.  I was still struggling to get the bolt out of the throttle body when he rushed by me like a streak of lightning.  He ran into the back room and crawled underneath an old work bench to hide in the dark.
Willow was frantic by the time she managed to hike back down the mountain from the creek where they had been playing.  Boo had never run AWAY from the creek before this morning and that made his escape outlandish.  I motioned towards where the little guy was hiding so she would understand that he was safe.  She was breathless and nodded her head in acknowledgement.
I smiled at her although I was thoroughly frustrated with the entire morning.  It wasn’t her fault everything was going wrong and I was feeling uneasy.  I was actually happy that she was too winded to speak because there was an excellent chance any words I spoke would sound angry.  The risk of saying something I would regret was high.
In order to avoid a potentially lethal exchange with her, I motioned for her to go inside the house and chill out for a while.  She was still doubled over as she tried to catch her breath.  I figured Willow had probably run down the entire path from the creek.  That was no simple jog given the distance and steep terrain involved.
Once Willow caught her breath again, she finally agreed to go into the house.  That was only after she asked me a few dozen questions like how did I ‘manage to drop the bolt into the car thingie’, can’t I just ‘leave it where it is because there’s obviously room for it’ and why didn’t I just ‘take the whole thing apart to get the bolt out instead of fishing around for it’.  I was annoyed because I couldn’t really explain to her how a car engine works.  Somehow though, I did the impossible and answered all her questions without losing my temper.
Next time I’ll just tell her I’m working on the car ‘thingie’ and leave it at that!  I need to learn to ‘shut it’ while I’m ahead…
My mind continued to wander back to Ember although that wasn’t anything unusual.  I decided that things had been going so smoothly, for so long that this crazy upside-down morning was just getting the better of me.  I sent her a text message anyway and told her to send me one back as soon as possible.  That way I figured maybe I could stop worrying and get something useful accomplished.  The hours dragged on into a horrible eternity.  It was almost lunchtime though and I still hadn’t heard anything from her.
I waited exactly two minutes after the lunch bell rang at school before I freaked out.  I finally text messaged her best friend Krista and she responded immediately.  Her message read:  ISS b/c iPod.  No cell there.  Sry…
My face flushed from frustrated anger.  Although I realized this was irrational on my part, I couldn’t seem to help it.  I knew there was always the chance that Ember could end up in ISS because of her IPOD.  After all, she always had it with her.  I had solemnly promised Ember that I would only use my obliteration skill on the ninety or so ridiculous boys that still wanted to ask her out.  This iPod confiscation was an emergency of sorts and it didn’t concern Ember in an odd way.  I had loaded all her pictures from her birthday party into that device, so she could look at them whenever she wanted to.  I couldn’t allow some clueless school official to stumble across the pictures and decide to take a look through them.  Not only was that an invasion of her privacy, but there was always a chance that some of those pictures could end up on someone’s computer.  Just thinking about trying to use my obliteration skill on the entire World Wide Web audience makes me shiver.
I washed my hands and tried to regain my perspective.  I prepared to go back to school and not so nicely retrieve Ember’s iPod from the administrator that had confiscated it.  Then I would put it safely in my truck.  I would also ask that particular administrator a few leading questions and make sure nothing had been downloaded and/or shared.
I used the intercom system in the garage to talk to Willow.  After I explained what was going on at school, I told her I needed to go and do something to fix the situation.  She reminded me to be nice and I told her that’s just what I was thinking.  I just didn’t add the ‘not so’ in front of the ‘nicely’ part because I didn’t want her to worry.
The timing was perfect because Willow had Boo’s lunch ready.  He wasn’t allowed to be in the garage without supervision.  He also understood that we never bring food in here, much less eat in this environment.  I walked back into the room where he was currently hiding and crouched down, so I could look him in the eye.
“Comon big guy, it’s time to go eat…” I told him.
I held out my hand, but he didn’t reach for me.  I watched as Boo rocked back and forth nervously – oblivious to my existence.  Although that would have been considered normal a few months ago, his behavior was out of character now.  He would usually acknowledge me in some way even if he didn’t want to comply.
“Wanna take your lunch to the creek and share it with your buddy?  You and Heaven can have a picnic…” I offered and waited a minute, but he still didn’t pay any attention to me.
I finally realized that he looked scared to death.  I tried to figure out what had Boo so terrified.  Then, it hit me!  Rave and Celeste had never stayed out overnight without taking him too.  His morning routine had been all messed up just like everybody else’s and he was afraid.
Although I thought I understood his problem, I still needed him to come out from underneath the work bench.  Willow would be forced to sit in this dirty garage with him until I returned if I couldn’t convince him to leave somehow.  Then, I had a brilliant idea.  I would use my gypsy skills and switch tactics.
“Hey little buddy, Ember needs me to do something.  I need you to go inside with Willow because I have to go to school and take care of it for her…”
This statement finally grabbed his full and undivided attention.  I held out my hand to him, but then I realized something was very wrong.  He turned as pale as a ghost and stared at me with a haunted, wide-eyed look of absolute terror.
“Ember…shadow…fall…” was all Boo slowly stated and I was overwhelmed by a sense of unparalleled trepidation.
My world crumbled all around me in that instant…then it all fell apart…

Chapter Ninety Eight

I immediately jumped to my feet and ran faster than a rocket taking off from a launch pad.  I don’t even think my feet touched the ground as I rushed from the garage out to the parking lot.  The engine roared to life and the Chevy’s tires dug into the gravel.  They left two deep trenches as they desperately tried to do my bidding.  My thoughts were consumed with frantic terror.  I drove like an uncontrolled psychotic as I turned onto the highway and headed toward a dark, unknown destiny.
Ember…Ember…Ember…
Her name echoed through the shadowed recesses of my mind.  I floored the accelerator and pushed the truck to well over 90 miles per hour.  It was still gaining speed as I careened around a sharp mountain curve and swerved all over the roadway.  My cell phone rang and for one brief second I felt a little hope.
“What on earth happened??” Willow shouted in my ear.
My small sliver of hope shattered when I realized it wasn’t Ember on the other end of the phone.  Then, my mind responded to this revelation by producing an unearthly shrieking.
One I hadn’t heard in years…
“Boo said, ‘Ember…shadow…fall’ and I don’t exactly know what it means, but something inside me is screaming.  I can’t talk anymore!” I exclaimed and hung up the phone.
The insane wailing refused to stop as the memory of the day we left Big Whiskey Lane flooded through me.  I couldn’t hear myself think as panic overwhelmed me.  I tried to refocus and ignore the madness going on inside my head.  I urgently needed to cross the great divide that separated me from Ember.  I pressed the accelerator to the floor so hard that I heard something crack.
I have to get to my little girl right now…
I belatedly wished that I had taken the time to equip this truck with a nitrous oxide system because it seemed to be moving at the speed of a drunken snail.  I pounded hard on the steering wheel out of sheer frustration.  It warped from the first blow I issued to it, so I had to ‘fix’ it while simultaneously using it to steer the truck, traveling well beyond 100 miles per hour.
Turning into the school’s parking lot with my tires squealing, I didn’t bother to slow down.  The Chevy slid sideways against the curb in the front of the school near the gym.  It was still rocking violently from the sudden stop when I jumped out of it.  My attention was fully focused on running to the detention classroom.  I was sure that I looked like a dangerous lunatic as I ran down the hallway because I certainly felt like one.
Everyone gasped in complete surprise as I burst through the door into the small in-school suspension classroom.  I shouted “I’m not here…”  The obliteration felt like a thousand tiny daggers slicing through my brain.  I ignored the resulting pain because I didn’t care about it in the least.
All I care about is finding Ember…
I looked around, but I didn’t see my little girl anywhere.  The six detention students instantly returned to whatever they were doing before my chaotic entrance into their world.  The teacher had also resumed reading his newspaper as he stirred his lukewarm coffee.  I approached his desk and leaned down to whisper to him.
“Ember Pateman, has she been here today?” I questioned him.
He couldn’t actually see me anymore, so I had to channel another obliteration – an additional slicing dagger…
“No, Ember – sorry…” he replied casually.
Fighting the overwhelming urge to sling him across the classroom, I turned and ran back out into the hallway.  I was seething with unspent rage, but I couldn’t do anything about it right then.  My heart knew she wasn’t on school grounds anymore, although my mind refused to admit that truth.  I rushed to her locker, bent on finding something – anything – that might somehow lead me to her.  I ripped the lock off like it was made of silly putty, then I quickly opened it.
Her dusty Chemistry textbook was propped up against one side and her well stocked backpack was shoved inside the locker too.  I discovered her regular clothes for the day were still neatly folded up in her backpack.  I tried to shove the thoughts of madness away and think of something useful to do.  Then, I suddenly remembered that her iPod had been confiscated.  I looked in the side pocket where I knew she stored it and it was empty.
Maybe she’s still in the vice principal’s office…
I slammed the locker closed with enough force to vibrate the cinderblock wall behind it.  I blindly ran towards the school’s administrative area and thundered into the vice principal’s office.  I demanded to know where Ember Pateman was.  He stated emphatically that he hadn’t seen her all day and that she’s in class to his knowledge.  Then, I asked him about her iPod and he denied having it.
The entire conversation was spent with me channeling obliterations.  I couldn’t risk him calling the police because they would try to haul me away.  My obliterations cut and hacked away at my tormented brain, but I welcomed the pain.
It’s the only way I know I’m still alive…
I decided to retrace every single step Ember would have taken that morning after I dropped her off.  I rushed through the side entrance of the school and ran down the breezeway.  The door on my pickup was still wide open.  So I slammed it shut as I ran by the gym.  Then I continued to run up the hill to the tennis courts.
Coach Pressman was sitting on the bench watching the students’ practice tennis.  She was shouting instructions and rules when I arrived.  I persuaded her that I wasn’t there, but she could still hear my voice.
“What occurred between you and Ember this morning?” I asked in a quiet, sinister voice that didn’t sound like my own.
Although I channeled the obliteration with enough force to make my nose bleed, I no longer felt the resulting pain.  I was over a new edge of insanity - absolutely lethal.
“Ember brought her iPod with her to the tennis courts.  Electronic entertainment devices are prohibited on school grounds.  So I gave her a disciplinary action form and sent her to see the vice principal.  She’s currently in detention and will remain there for the rest of the day per school policy…” Coach Pressman stated softly while she stared blankly in front of her.
My blood boiled hotter than the center of a volcano situated near the core of the sun.  The heat wave violently assaulted my body.  My vision even clouded over with a red haze from the fury.  I knew with absolute certainty that I would rip through every last person in this school to find Ember.  I also knew without a doubt that those responsible for whatever had happened won’t live to explain their actions or apologize to her either.  I had never felt so dark and dangerous.  I swallowed hard and inhaled as I relished the feeling of the evil power rising.
I had to force myself to walk away from the gym teacher that had sent my little girl on a journey into the twisting netherworld of unknown evils.  Coach Pressman continued to remain entirely stationary.  It was as though she somehow knew if she made even the slightest twitch she would be gone forever…
My walk slowed to a stalking predator’s pace as I followed what would have been Ember’s final footsteps toward her “shadow fall”.  I surveyed every inch of the ground as I passed by it and sniffed the air like a starving coyote in search of a meal.  I needed to find a clue about what might have happened to her this morning.  The world spun around me in a wild, insane frenzy.  However, I was moving in slow motion because I couldn’t risk rushing around.  I might miss something.
The unearthly wailing is still assaulting my mind…letting me know, I’m prepared to take deadly action…
Then my red tinted vision barely caught a glimpse of something shiny and hidden near the bushes beside the gym...
I realized in terror that it was my little girl’s iPod.  The face of the player had been cracked, but it was definitely hers.  I recognized the ear buds Willow had designed for her with Ay’sha runic beads.  A smudge of what appeared to be blood was smeared across the screen.  The screaming inside my brain intensified.
Blood smeared on her iPod means…
I couldn’t even think it!  I was overwhelmed by homicidal psychosis.  I bent over and prepared to pick up the iPod from the bushes.  Then suddenly, I had another thought and ran back toward my truck.  I needed to retrieve my cell phone.
In my insanity, I had forgotten that her cell phone is equipped with the latest in GPS technology.  I could track Ember’s physical location just by touching the app on my own phone.  My cell phone was still in the console where I tossed it.  The GPS lit up and I realized she was still at school.  I could barely see the indicator because my vision was still colored bloody red.  I followed the signal and it led me right back to her locker.  Her cell phone was tucked inside the outer pocket of her backpack.  It still displayed my unread text message.  I wanted to shriek from the revelation as I stood immobile, but my mouth refused to cooperate with my mind.  The text message indicator flashed on her cell phone – a glaring reminder.  The hideous reality of this situation swept through my body in sickening waves of relentless horror.
Torture and total agony consumed my heart and soul.  Then suddenly, nothing was left in my world, but exposed pain.  My thoughts raced in psychotic circles and assaulted me with gruesome torment after torment.  Before the madness could overtake me though, I somehow remembered a vital piece of information that could end up being critical.  This might be my salvation…
The dark clique must be holding Ember in the basement!
I retrieved my flashlight from the Chevy before I returned to the school’s main hallway.  I stalked toward the staircase that led to the basement below and crept silently down each step until I reached the darkened landing.  The steel fire door appeared to be locked.  So I slammed through it with every ounce of force I had inside my body.  I yelled Ember’s name insanely into the darkness.  Although the flashlight was on, I still couldn’t see clearly.  I looked around the basement and tried to find any signs of life.
I was prepared to strike and destroy…
No one was downstairs in this basement – no one, at all.  This awareness shook me to the very core of my being.  If the dark clique didn’t bring her down here to play a prank then she was…where…vanished…
The shrieking became unbearable inside my head as the thought intruded into my mental picture without my permission…
I instantly locked my head in a vice grip between my palms as I felt the resulting blood trickle from my eyes.  I knew I wasn’t going to survive this…
No way to live without Ember…
No reason to breathe without her…
Tears of blood…
Ember…shadow…fall…
I had been tossed over the brink and into a world of total nothingness.  The basement was dark, and I knew that no one was down here with me.  The maddening chaos going on inside my head seemed to trick my eyes into seeing something hidden in the far, back corner.  I ran over to the illusion and it turned out to be an old metal table with three purple goblets.  I destroyed the goblets and then ripped the metal table to shreds.  I didn’t have a clue what to do next.
Through some miracle, the steel fire door had remained intact after my assault against it.  I tore it off its hinges in some psychotic need for physical retaliation.  Then, I threw it into the boiler room without breaking a sweat.  The door slammed, full force against the concrete wall and folded like an accordion.  It looked like the fire door had been made out of cardboard.  I desperately tried to contain the fury long enough to figure out something to do.
I need a plan.  I need a reason to continue to breathe for another minute.  Nothing came to mind though…
I need my little girl…where is my little girl...
The heat of my unreleased vengeance made my body temperature spike, so I ripped my outer shirt away.  Uncontrollable anger shook through me.  I fully understood if I saw any breathing human being they wouldn’t remain that way for much longer.  Although that knowledge didn’t freak me out like it should, I still had enough presence of mind to realize that wouldn’t be a good thing.
In an effort to expend some of the rage, I punched the cinderblock wall over and over again.  It looked like the tail end of destruction by the time I forced myself to stop.  The building would crumble though, if I continued to deliver it blows.  At least it helped the madness to subside a little.  A dark tide was still overwhelming my spirit even though I had released some of my wrath.  I crouched down and tried to regain…perspective…reason…
Something sinister had been awakened inside me though and I didn’t know how to make it go back to sleep.  The thoughts that flooded through my awareness were ominous.  Then, the darkness moved aside briefly, as a crazy idea popped into my head.  It was more than an urge, it was a dire compulsion.  Ember’s iPod – I need to go get her iPod…
In the very worst times of devastating grief and loss nothing anyone thinks or does, makes much sense at all…
The ridiculous impulse to go back outside and pick up her iPod became irresistible.  It was almost like some unseen source was using coercion – I had to follow it.  The all-consuming NEED to return to the place where my little girl had vanished from my world forced me to stand upright.  I couldn’t seem to stop myself.  My body suddenly had its own ideas about what was going to happen and where I was definitely going to go.
The only way I managed to keep myself from obeying that insane impulse was to grab a metal support beam and hold on tight.  I had already searched every square inch of that ground, and all that was left of her was the broken iPod I had given to her for Christmas.  I shouldn’t care about who sees it or picks it up – they’ll probably just toss it in the trash anyway.  I tried to convince myself as I struggled against following the impulse.
If I go back to that ‘place’ I’ll lose myself to the darkness…there’s no return from it…
It was an unexplainable obsession.  My grasp on the support beam renewed, as I fought the psychotic impulse to run back outside.  It was a place of consuming darkness – an evil void of life.  I couldn’t tolerate the thought of standing in the last place that Ember had been.  It would be an unbearable torture and the shadows would sweep me into total madness if I gave into this desire.
I couldn’t figure out how to keep the wicked darkness from taking control over me – especially if I stood in that void.  As the metal support beam bent close to the point of snapping, I finally realized that this was a losing battle.  I had no desire to live without Ember.  It was as simple as that.  I’m her parent, her Guardian, her protector – that’s my job, my reason to breathe.  So whatever was waiting outside could have me, because I was an empty shell of nothing, but pain.
The support beam looked like an upper case ‘C’ when I finally released it and surrendered to fate.  I walked back toward the black hole of my existence, for the second time that day.  Every step moved me closer to the rising darkness that would likely devour my soul.  Every inhalation of air was an awful reminder that my lungs were betraying me by functioning too.  I no longer had any command over my body though.
The final steps toward the darkness were marked by unparalleled agony.  It’s something that can only be understood by a few select people in this world.  It’s the devastation that’s felt when someone loses everything in their lives and the realization that they have somehow survived it.  No words can describe that space in time…it’s an experience I wouldn’t wish on anyone.
I closed my eyes because I didn’t care to see the world anymore.  Since I couldn’t get my lungs to cooperate with me, I willed my own heart to stop beating.  As usual though, fate would have another plan in store for me, entirely.
It never seems to care about my desires…
I felt compelled to stop walking after another thirty paces.  My eyes opened, although I didn’t want them to.  I was standing in front of the bush where her iPod had been laying earlier.  When I reached down to pick it up though, I would end up getting a shock.  It wasn’t there anymore!
A rock with a folded note underneath it had replaced Ember’s iPod on the ground.  I slowly reached down and tossed the rock aside as I picked up the paper.  The folded note had only my first name written on the outside.  I traced the outline of each letter.  I needed to prove to myself that what I was currently seeing wasn’t another illusion created by my mind.  The note I held in my hand was definitely real.  I unfolded it and read the two line cryptic message:  Old quarry @ 4 – alone.  Silence is golden, don’t you agree?
My hand started to shake as I read the message repeatedly.  I felt my eyes narrow into two sinister slits and my hazy red vision seemed to turn into a blazing fire.  The dangerous evil overtook me fully – just as I knew it would.
Yes, silence is golden, my friends…
Only after your screams…

Chapter Ninety Nine

Once I shoved the note in my pocket, I immediately drove to the quarry.  I wanted to get there before anyone else arrived if possible.  It was imperative that I have an opportunity to scope out the terrain in order to find the best vantage point.  Selecting my spot, I surveyed the area.  When I arrived it was 2:33 and I was alone.
The quarry had been abandoned years ago and my extensive search of the grounds turned up evidence of bonfires and old, rusted beer cans.  I assumed the local kids use this place to hang out and party.
The rock walls were riddled with various items of graffiti.  Those painted walls reminded me of modern art for the mentally deranged through my still red colored and insanely sharp vision.  My actual sight had morphed into something that resembled a sniper’s scope.  I would have marveled at my newly discovered ability if the vengeful shadows weren’t overwhelming my thoughts.
Something dark and depraved had taken up residence inside my soul.  Strangely though, I didn’t have any desire to remove it.  I was years away from being that scared little kid standing in the driveway, watching the celestial war between the dark and the light.  I was feeling almost inhuman as I performed my gypsy surveillance.  I had transformed into something predatory in nature.  I only lived to destroy whatever stood between me and my goal.
I felt the ripples of swelling darkness throughout my body…
Somewhere deep inside the shadows of my consumed thoughts I heard a tiny voice.  It tried to convince me that I should push back against the growing tide of malevolence.  Although it was far away, I still heard the warning clearly, but I couldn’t comply with it.  I was stuck firmly in-between living and dying.  So, the darkness was a welcomed thing…
I briefly considered punching and clawing my way right into the center of the earth’s core – I probably should release some of this wrath.  In order to do that, I would need a reason to free myself from this overwhelming need for vengeance.  I couldn’t think of a single one.  So the voice of reason that begged me to step back into the light was silenced as the darkness devoured it.  I crouched behind a large pine tree and felt the shadows close in around my heart, mind and soul.  The sands of time agonizingly spilled, grain by grain, as I waited for 4 pm to arrive and for my destiny to unfold.
Tray’s shadow falls…


-The End-
Ember Rising Light
###
The epic fantasy adventure continues now – discover the second thrilling novel in
Author C.K. Mullinax’s spellbinding
It Begins…the Series
Ember Shadow Fall (Book Two)
Continue the epic journey through the unknown darkness

Explore other exciting works by upcoming, bestselling fantasy author C.K. Mullinax at
doublefated.com


All the books and characters of It Begins…the Series are works of fiction.
Any resemblance to persons living or deceased is purely coincidental.


-Acknowledgements-

The author gratefully acknowledges the following people

You, the reader, for sharing in this fascinating adventure with me…

My Wonderful Content Editors
My sister Shannon, for being an excellent friend & sounding board...
My mom, Christina for being a constant encourager & teaching me about quiet bravery…
My mother-in-law Gail, for being the adventurous pioneer & teaching me about endurance…
My niece Jessica for being my technical advisor & a beautiful girl, both outside & inside…
My sister, Selina for helping me to envision all the possibilities before it became a reality…
My sister Tina for being a wonderful friend & talking characters with me…

My hero & husband, Jason for sharing your time so all my novels could come to life…
For being my best friend…
You mean the world to me…

My father-in-law Eddy for sharing your incredible mechanical knowledge…

Nathan and Azalyn for your outstanding modeling on the original book cover image…

Diana for your talented photography for the original cover image…



Within the deepest shadows hides an unfathomable evil
Veiled within the Pure Light lies epic & unimaginable power
A dark celestial war will befall us, one & all
It is our destiny…
Finally, you have arrived where It Begins…

~EMBER SERIES REMERGES FROM THE SHADOWS…REBORN~
The complete, professionally-edited, remastered, epic six novel 2nd Edition “Ember Series”
is proudly unveiled as

It Begins…the Series
“There’s no way to prepare for this…”

Ember Rising Light (Book One)
Ember Shadow Fall (Book Two)
Ember Celestial Tempest (Book Three)
Ember Dark Destiny (Book Four)
Ember Guardian Essence (Book Five)
Ember Dawning Infinity (Book Six)

The Ember Series 2ND Edition re-mastered, reborn and renamed
It Begins…the Series
The complete six novel epic fantasy adventure series is on sale now


Out of the deep & timeless darkness…rises the undisturbed hidden
The Fated, once unleashed…never returns to its gentle resting place

The first two exciting novels in C.K. Mullinax’s next epic fantasy adventure …the Double Fated Series
awaits your discovery

Will you dare to brave the dark unknown??

...the Double Fated Series
“Destiny gets what it wants…one way or another…”

Double Fated (Book One)
Fated Awakenings (Book Two)
On sale now!

Keep a close eye on the shrouded horizon…
Fated Generations (Book Three)
The third gripping installment in
…the Double Fated Series is soon to be revealed
