
Emerge
Book II
By
Cheryl Doucet-.Surette
Prophesied
A Spirit Within
Copyrighted 2013
Smashwords Edition
Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Table of contents


Chapter 1/Memories
Chapter 2/Awakenings
Chapter 3/The Daily grind
Chapter 4/Watchers
Chapter 5/Remembrance
Chapter 6/Encounters
Chapter 7/Convince me
Chapter 8/Drawn, like a moth to a flame
Chapter 9/Seek and ye shall find
Chapter 10/Transitions
Chapter 11/Decisions
Chapter 12/Truth or insanity, you choose...
Chapter 13/From whence this way come?
Chapter 14/Inside the pain...acceptance
Chapter 15/Responsibilities
Chapter 16/ The tides of change


“Everyone creates realities based on their own personal beliefs. These beliefs are so powerful that they can create [expansive or entrapping] realities over and over.~ Kuan Yin”

Of the singings of the angels, which it is impossible to describe
In the midst of the heavens I saw armed soldiers, serving the Lord, with tympana and organs, with incessant voice, with sweet voice, with sweet and incessant voice and various singing, which it is impossible to describe, and which astonishes every mind, so wonderful and marvellous is the singing of those angels, and I was delighted listening to it. Book of Enoch-17 
“For us to regard others as worthy, we have to begin by regarding ourselves as worthy


Author’s notes
It has been brought to my attention that my explanation of certain things in my books are perhaps a bit vague, to say the least. Such as the topic of the 'void', or 'Parallel' from which this series has originated. 
To my very first reviewer...I love, love, the honesty you have  shown me. Without it I would never have known, so I say thank you for the constructive criticism to Dana in Marionville, PA.  Because of this I have added footnotes at the end of each book describing it in further detail. I have since then completed many revisions to Book One Parallel, adding these footnotes to the latest edition on July 5, 2013. To any readers having downloaded previous versions please feel free to download the newest one, it is still free. 
Also I have felt a subtle shift in this book from the first one, and have let my own spirit guide me on my own journey in discovery. So I feel it only fair to say this series has grown from a previous youth category into a young to mature adult theme! On second thought, I would say, rated adult, at least my eldest daughter seems to thinks so! 
Happy reading and Thank You to all that have downloaded my e-books. sincerely  *CDS*


I dedicate this book to my beautiful niece, Jenna,
you are still like a daughter to me in my heart.
May your little angel, Mason watch down on us from heaven.


Prologue: Emerge

It had been a long time since it had awakened, the years passed quickly while it slept. The dust and cobwebs that were covering its arms were broken after it took a long needed stretch and looked around trying to get its bearings, its last memories of this place. All it remembered was the need to destroy…anything that involved spirit in its purest form, it helped heal it, gave it meaning.
It sniffed the air as if it could smell its prey; it was still weak just like the spirit was. But the stronger the angels grew, the stronger it would grow. It was patient, it had been imprisoned here in this dimension for a very long time. It had learned crucial things, patience and perseverance.  Circumstances had changed.  If it was now awake; it meant the spirits were also.
It lay back down and began remembering, when it had been imprisoned and how it wanted revenge. It had taken a long time to settle into a slumber, trying to forget, now it had to remember again, the hate, the anger, the power it once wielded, and would again. It wasn’t the only one condemned to this place, there were others? But it would be the first to awaken as it was the strongest. It had been given a name, what was the name?  It felt as if its senses were full of cobwebs too, mangled and muted. Dull it was, time would fix that, it felt excited? Yes excited, at the prospect of playing again, it loved to play with its prey.
Would the angels remember it? Or was its thinking dull like it was for them? They had fought before it couldn’t remember what had happened or who had put it here, it was one of them. It looked at its surroundings, bleak and dark, it seemed to be deeply underground,  it could see the stalactites hanging from the ceiling of the cave, it was also covered in ash it’s bottom half was fused into the stone, how had that happen, it mattered not, it would remember all soon enough.
It could see other creatures such as itself buried in the stone with pieces jutting out, there were many. As it grew stronger it would release them from their prison as soon as it was strong enough to free itself. It was already getting better it was remembering, it did have a name, there was much power in a name, and its name was amongst the most powerful, Balthazar, it was known as by its minions , it saw buried around it. But it had a different name and it was that name that held all its power, would the angels remember it or the name? Time was with it, it would grow stronger, waiting and watching. 
It could taste their spirit, how it loved to suck it out of them, it was its gift, and it remembered how it hated them, how it wanted to make them suffer the way it had all these years. It wanted to hear their screams, and tastes their fear, and oh how it loved to inflict pain, bone crushing pain. All it had to do was wait and plan.

Emerge

Chapter 1/Memories
Peter was startled to suddenly hear the doorbell; he had been deep in thought wondering if Daniel was going to be alright. He hadn’t heard any news yet from Selah and had been expecting her home earlier that morning. As he made his way to the front door, he peeked out through the side window, when he saw Cece there he felt a lump of bile rise inside his throat. 
This couldn’t be good if Daniel’s mom was here, he must of gotten worst since last night. The motorcycle accident had been horrific to say the least. He wondered, could the pressure on his brain have given him severe damage? He prayed it wasn’t like that. He had grown to love Daniel like he was his own son, he hoped this wasn’t bad news. As he opened the door, he pasted on a smile hoping it would make everything ok.
Cece wished she could think of the words to describe how she was feeling at this moment. What she had just bore witness to had left her speechless. She couldn’t think of what she was going to say to Peter at all, but she knew she had to somehow explain it to him… The creator had given her a small token to help in the explaining and told her to only show Peter and Jacob together, it could only be used by her once. She couldn’t waste the gift. 
When she saw Peter’s smile she knew it would all be ok, she smiled back as she mumbled a hasty “hello.”
“Hi yourself, I hope you have come bearing good news…” Peter regretted his words as soon after they left his lips, what if it was bad news, damn he should of kept his mouth shut already, but still wasn’t it better to be positive?
“Daniel is awake, thanks to Selah, she never gave up, that daughter of yours, and I’m so grateful she’s so tenacious.” Cece surprised herself with the words that stumbled out, as if she doubted her ability to speak suddenly. She walked into the house as Peter held the door open for her.
 It was sad how tragedy had brought them together. She respected Peter, especially after he had chosen the right road when his wife Diana had died suddenly, only a few months earlier. Daniel had informed her how he had been lost at first preferring the bottle to any sort of company. But God willing he had straightened himself out before it got too out of hand. She looked up at him and saw how it had aged him, he was only a year older than she was but looked at least ten. Still he was not a bad looking man; he had a regal way of carrying himself. Embarrassed by her thoughts, she looked down suddenly.  She hadn’t really looked at another man since her Jack had died seven years ago.
“Are you home alone or is Jacob here?” Cece asked, hoping he hadn’t noticed her frank stare.
Peter, oblivious to her concerns, led her into the kitchen.  He had made coffee earlier, “Jacob should be home soon. Would you like a cup of coffee, only made half hour ago?”  He wondered why Selah wasn’t with her, and why she wanted to see Jacob.
“Yeah that sounds great, milk and sugar please,” she stated realizing her lips were watering at the thought of coffee, was she thirsty or was it the company? What was she thinking? Ever since what she had witnessed she seemed to have no hold of her emotions or thought for that matter, she was usually so controlled! It was rattling her. She squeezed her hands together in exasperation, hoping Peter didn’t notice. Luckily he was too busy making her coffee.
Peter returned with the mugs of coffee full up to the brim, he met Ceces' eyes with his. Daniel and his mom had the same eyes, a deep grey color. He looked away for some reason, as right now Ceces' were unsettling to him. “So what’s going on and how did my daughter get him out of the coma, or wait should I even ask?” He ran his hand through his hair, it was a nervous habit he had when he didn’t know what to do with his hands.
“It’s ok, Peter.” She reached to pat his hand in reassurance. “Selah didn’t do anything bad, I just wanted to wait until Jacob was home to explain because I don’t think I could get it out right, especially twice in a row.”
Peter tilted his head in confusion, arching his eyebrows in question. “I see, that makes sense,” he gave a nervous chuckle, and then stopped himself from running his hand through his hair again. “So he’s awake, does he seem to have all his brain functions back? He must be sore everywhere?”
Cece remembered how Daniel looked the last time she had seen him, she had never seen him so…happy. “Actually he doing awesome, I don’t think he was feeling anything but overjoyed, really.”
“Does he remember anything from when he was comatose, I’ve heard you can still hear everything, you’re a nurse, is that true?”
“Actually that is true, a few years back I was taking care of a patient that was on his last legs, the family had all been called to the hospital and they expected him to pass at any moment.  He had been in a coma for a while. He had a very large family, around 15 children if I remember correctly and they were all there except for one, his middle son. They had been mad at each other for the past twenty years, and had never spoken in all that time. His son arrived and was talking to his brother in the room, when suddenly the father woke up, turned to his son, and said “I was waiting for you to come; I just wanted to say I forgive you.” Then a few seconds later the father passed away, it was a very touching to witness it all enfold the way it did.” Cece sat back holding her coffee remembering that moment.
“Wow, that’s such a great story. I suppose you see all kinds of sad things there at the hospital.
“Yeah, you would be surprised.”
“I never really put much thought into it before.” Peter exclaimed. “I always try and stay away from hospitals, if I can; it seems all I find there is sadness.”
“I’m sorry Peter I didn’t mean…”
“I seem to have spent more time there in the past six months than I have the last twenty years, except for when the kids were born of course, those were happy times.”
“Did you see the births?” Cece wondered if he had witnessed the miracle of his children being born, not all men were up for it, back then anyway, it was rarer.
Peter got a faraway look in his eyes suddenly, as if he was there once again, “Yeah, for  Selah it was incredible, she was so tiny and when she finally took that first breath, it was like I could breathe too. Diana had had a miscarriage before Selah was born, so we always had that worry in the back of our minds, you know, and hoping she was healthy and all.”
“She had to have a caesarean for Jacob thought, he was so big she couldn’t pass him through the birth canal, Selah was seven pounds but he weighted over eleven pounds; he was so long and big.”
“Wow, that’s big, usually babies are around the same size though.”
“I remember she was always so hungry while pregnant for Jacob. I thought she had four babies in there the way she was eating. I used to have to go to the store in the middle of the night cause she woke up and needed, and I mean needed to have ice cream, or turkey!  I remember she had so many turkey sandwiches I thought I would have to start raising them.” He really laughed then, thinking of her looks she would get when she awoke.  He had never questioned it, just got dressed and went, thank goodness for the grocery store, open 24 hours a day. “I’m sorry, was I rattling on…” he snapped back to attention remembering where he was.
“It’s good to remember, you know, it took me a long time to realize that, a long time after Jack was gone.  I thought I was supposed to just be there for him when he was sick you know…for so long that’s all I did, take care of him watching him disappear with the cancer. After he died, I was so tired I kind of put him on a pedestal for a long time. Daniel would want to talk about him and I just couldn’t, but I finally let that go and now it feels really good to remember him, the good times, before he got sick.”
They both sat there quietly in their own thoughts, remembering what had been, in very different ways, they seemed to reach an understanding in that brief time frame, they each had loved and lost, and had somehow manage to pick up the pieces for their children. In the stillness they formed a friendship based on mutual understanding of their pain and grief, suffered in their losses.
Suddenly the peace was interrupted by the front door opening, Jacob was home. Now he could find out what his daughter had done to help bring Daniel out of his coma after the motorcycle accident.
-----*****-----
Daniel watched Selah as she spoke with the creator, her father. They had made arrangements to let Selah’s birth father, and brother know about the recent changes to their situation. He had been blessed that his mom, Cece, had been able to travel to the void to see firsthand what had transpired between Selah and him. She was excited and nervous about seeing Peter and Jacob; he could feel her emotions running rampant through their bond. 
Selah now understood why he had done all he had done, this bond was wonderful for that she could feel every emotion he had running through his mind, all his thoughts. She was exhilarated with the change and they seemed to feed off one another. He felt a wave of love coursing from the invisible string attaching them; he looked at Selah and saw she was staring back at him. It was going to take a bit of getting used to, but he was pretty sure he could manage. 
They would know when to make contact with Peter, his mom Cecile would give them a sign when all was ready on the other side. From his understanding they would only take their angel and guardian forms when they were here in the void, unless they crossed the veil in their physical form from here or vice versa. It was a little confusing to take all the new information in, there was so much to remember. Daniel supposed that was why the bond was made in the fashion it was so they could digest the information better between them both.
Selah felt complete, as if she had never realized she was missing pieces. With her memories filled in she thought differently, she could see her experiences from all her lives, letting her make better decisions and having Daniel in her head also, well, she could no longer hide from her feelings or pretend he didn’t have the effect he had on her. She wished she could just go in a corner somewhere and actually just sit back and remember. They had been through a lot, Daniel and her, and not all of it good.  She was amazed at how he still loved her and had never given up trying to be with her, regardless of what she had put him through for the past few thousands of years.
But sadly she couldn’t take the time to reminisce now, they had to begin the search for the seven angels, and she realized they had to be in some sort of semblance of order so once found they could aide in her journey. This was totally new for her.  This was a part of her life she had been always unconsciously striving to obtain. And now that her goal was visible she felt her core shiver at the enormity of the task at hand.
“We will make it together, trust me, we will help one another stand.”  Hearing Daniel’s voice inside her head startled her at first; she looked up and saw him smile from the distance.
“I know, I’m just scared it won’t be easy.” Selah answered him back. She was soon interrupted by her father, the creator, “YOU TWO WILL HAVE TIME ENOUGH LATER TO TEST YOUR POWERS.  I HEAR CECILE, SHE HAS PETER AND JACOB WITH HER.  THEY ARE WAITING.  FEAR NOT CHILD, ALL WILL BE WELL, IT IS UP TO YOU TO SHOW THEM.  I CANNOT HELP YOU IN THIS PART OF THE JOURNEY, BUT I WILL GIVE YOU SOMEONE WHO WILL HELP THEM TO UNDERSTAND…”
Selah’s brows wrinkled together this was going to be difficult to achieve even though they would have proof with the creator on their side to tell her dad and brother. This was not working out well, she felt the well open up and saw into her house it was like a mirror image to where she stood. She could see the living room spread out in her field of vision, there was still the veil between them at this point and she was sure they couldn’t see what she saw from her angle. She had been told to stretch the veil so the hole could close back into itself instead of ripping a large hole like she had done in Daniel’s hospital room.
 Selah took a small silver hair pin out of her hair and poked the veil with it. It had been constructed from spirit just like Daniel’s armor. As she poke a hole through the veil, Daniel suddenly appear at her side and wedged his finger in besides the pin whole and began to stretch the whole wider working it with his hands until it was large enough to put his whole hand through, working it until it could fit both of them, it seemed to be a painstakingly slow task but necessary to prevent a gaping hole inside her house where any creatures could use to gain a foothold inside the world. 
Peter was wondering if Cece was just overtired, she wasn’t making much sense to him now!  She must have stayed up for the past twenty-four hours working and he knew she hadn’t slept much recently worrying over Daniel’s condition. She was talking gibberish about them. Selah had torn the veil, or something, and brought Daniel’s spirit back and now they had a mission?
He gently grabbed unto Cece’s arm to tell her everything would be just fine, she had to go home and get a bit of rest and things would be clearer then. When suddenly, he saw a bright light appear in the middle of the living room!  It was the size of a small beam at first but was growing steadily as he went speechless. Jacob had just rolled his eyes in exasperation of Cece’s story when he too went completely still watching the light invade their normally quiet and peaceful living room!  It was spell bounding,  no-one dared blink for fear of discovery.


Chapter 2/Awakening

Zach or Zap, was short for Zachariah Andrew Parker.  His mom had been born a full blown Catholic and when she was younger had been an avid church goer, hence the name. He wiped his brow and lifted his can of rockstar to his lips; today was an unusually hot day for the beginning of May. But when wasn’t it warm in good old, San José, California? The lowest it ever got was in winter and it was still in the forties.
He had a crap load of things to do today and it wasn’t beginning to shape up too well for him. He had his nightmare again; it took him a few hours to shake it out of his head. It would just continuously linger, creeping back when he thought he had shaken it off. It left him angry and worn, but he seriously couldn’t remember ever having woken up and not had it.
 He hated going to bed, so he stayed up as long as he could, if he got four hours of sleep a night he considered himself lucky. He supposed he could begin taking some of the pills he had in his pocket to help with the highs and lows, but how would he make any money if he started using. Beside he had a rep of being reliable and discreet. He wasn’t gonna mess that up now, he had only himself to depend on. So far he had been the only one he could count on.
His mom had wigged out a long time ago; letting the same kind of drugs he had in his pocket rule her life, and ultimately his. She had made some peachy decisions, which had left him scarred for life, never caring about anything or anyone but herself. As for a father, most of the people around these part had a no-show dad, it was normal. Oh he had lots of male figures in his life; most couldn’t rightfully be called men. He was going to be different though, he would never be like them, never.
 It had helped instill the idea that he would always be in control of his own decisions, except when the anger took over, he had been trying everything to release it. But when he was at his max he was lethal and couldn’t see passed it. He could be in prison now if he had been caught the few times he had lost his temper, well juvy anyway since he was only sixteen, he didn’t think that at his age he would be sent to maximum security prison. But he had beaten the crap out of that guy, it was like he became someone else, no control whatsoever, he only saw red, and curiously fire.  He saw fire, and felt like his insides were burning when he was deep into it. He had never told anyone about that part.
He had come out of it with hardly a scratch, the druggie had ended up in the hospital for a month, and he gained a reputation not be messed with. He had stopped giving out credit once and for all that day, you either had cash, or you got nothing, Zap, it’s all over for you. He chuckled at his own private joke.
He turned down the corner of First Avenue.  The nightmare had left him with that feeling, the burning rage, he looked up and saw a sweet little thing walking ahead of him.  She was blond, wearing a tight little skirt.  Ah, summer was coming and the sights they would hold. He loved the city life, granted it was much smaller here than in nearby San Francisco, but it still held much of the same attractions just in a slightly more reduced form. It was pretty peaceful here and the crime rate was low, unless you knew where to go, and Zach knew all the sweet spots where the action was the ripest.
The sweet thing in front of him was wiggling her junk like she had enough for everyone, he wouldn’t mind reaching out and grabbing a piece for himself. He pictured the feel of her underneath his long fingers; he could literally feel her muscles as she walked his hand burned, throbbing suddenly.
Cindy had picked the skirt to impress Jack, her current boyfriend, when she woke up this morning to see the sun shining and the warm weather. She had felt eyes on her as she walked down First Avenue, and enjoyed the attention. She swayed a bit more giving the stranger behind her something to dream about.  When suddenly she felt a hand grab her rear, she turned quickly, ready to give whoever a piece of her mind, when she realized there was no-one there. 
While a good twenty feet away, the young fellow she had felt staring at her was still gawking.  He was good looking from what she could see, African American, tall, around five feet nine inches tall, or ten, she guessed. She could see the tats all over his arms but couldn`t tell what they were of. He was grinning at her and she could see his brilliant white teeth catching the sunlight. He was probably around twenty years old, it couldn`t be him, he was too far away, and he looked harmless, well kind of.
Her left ass cheek was burning like it was on fire suddenly; she saw the Starbucks approaching and made a quick decision to duck inside. She made her way to the bathroom; the pain was getting worse as time went on. When she finally closed the door behind her she thanked God for the foresight of the skirt, she lifted it up and saw on her left cheek was a well-defined hand print, it was red and starting to blister as if she had a severe burn. Where the hell had that come from, there had been no-one there?
She felt the tremor run through her core, something had happened to her, how would she explain it to Jack, she began to shiver uncontrollably, as the tears ran from her eyes, not from the pain but from a deep seeded fear that began to supersede her.
-----*****-----
Selah helped Daniel stretch the veil, who knew it was so pliable?  Once they were both working at it the stretching seemed to flow more smoothly, they both settled on the best course of action to make it work. Selah turned and saw how the creator had helped them in their task at hand, yes this would help them see the truth.
Daniel saw what Selah saw in her mind’s eye and breathed a sigh of relief; they couldn’t question this, could they? He hoped her dad and Jacob would believe by seeing, it was their only hope, or all might be lost.
He almost had the opening wide enough for Selah to pass through, he was going to stay put and hold it open so they could return without too much hassle of opening the portal once more. He didn’t know what the others were seeing on the other side, he hoped his mom had thought to use the reflector she had been given to make the transition easier on the eyes and not so bright. Its main purpose was to distract anything from the void to be attracted inside the portal and through to the other side.
Sure enough, when he let Selah step through he saw the reflector shimmer back at him, he breathed a sigh of relief. He could make out the three of them on the other side of the living room, the side not in the void. He wondered what they would think of how they now looked, having changed so drastically since this morning.
Peter watched the light transform into a beautiful being, he sucked in his breath and completely stopped breathing, was it an alien? He grabbed a hold of Jacob, and pulled him closer, his son was was deathly pale. But when he glanced at Cece she was smiling, what the hell had she brought into the house, he felt the fear embrace him.
Selah could feel her dad’s apprehension and fear sink into his psyche, she walked over to him hoping he would recognize her by looking into his eyes. She faced him and got as close as she could without overpowering him, as she gently took his and Jacob’s hands in hers.
Peter saw the familiar eyes but his brain just couldn’t compute the meaning of those mysterious and powerful eyes or of the being that stood before him.  He lost his fear when it took him by the hand and felt a incredible force of peace descend upon his very soul, it wasn’t until he heard Jacob speak that he began to comprehend what stood before him.
“Selah, wow it that really you?  You look freaking awesome, wow, you have wings, is this a dream?”
Even her voice sounded different with the power coursing through her, “Yeah bud, it’s me, and Daniel right behind you holding open the portal to the void.  There’s so much that happened so if it’s alright I’d like to show you so you can truly understand, I only hope you can see it all.”
Selah stilled her mind and played back everything that had taken place up to that morning inside Daniel’s hospital room. How she had entered the void for the first time with her physical body not just her spirit, the tearing of the veil. And how she had found Daniel’s spirit lost in the void, bringing him back fully healed without a scratch on him. Then how they had been called by the creator to the void once more, Cece at their side.  She showed them her transformation through Daniel’s eyes and then showed them Daniel’s choice and how she had transformed him afterwards. The last part, the poem, she held back not wanting to put them into any unforeseen dangers, from too much knowledge about their quest. She stepped away after she was done, reliving their experiences for them, she hoped the small trace of spirit she had used didn’t leave too much of a trace on them.
Peter had to sit suddenly, it was so much to absorb, and he felt weak. Could this really be her, his baby, Selah? The eyes were the same, but her hair was shimmering silver as if spun from the actual metal and the wings, she had wings!  The power that exuded from her was weakening him inside his very centre. He glanced at the opening portal and saw that the figure there was a vague resemblance of Daniel, a lethal resemblance, why did they have to look so menacing, what was the need?
“Why do you look as if you’re prepared for a battle? What are you leaving out?” Peter raked his fingers through his hair his trademark sign of nervousness.
Selah thought for a quick second on her answer, “We have enemies and the realm we are in is not without its perils.” She mentally thanked Daniel for his quick foresight.
“Enemies, what do you mean by enemies? I don’t think…” as he looked at the face looking back at him he suddenly was lost for words, this wasn’t the same girl he had raised, was it? Could he really have any say in what she did looking as she did? He felt intimidated suddenly, as if he were just a speck of dirt compared to what stood before him.
As she once again took him by the hand, Selah sent him a tiny influx of spirit to calm him and make him more at ease. His shoulders relaxed and he smiled suddenly. “Daniel, send her through.” She thought it would be much easier to just speak to Daniel and not explain their new gifts to one another.
Peter watched the opening suddenly curious to who was coming through; he felt his heart burst open, the emotions running rampant suddenly. Could it really be? He held his breath, and closed his eyes this was all a dream, a wonderful one, but just a dream.
“Mom,” Jacob ran towards her and threw himself at her outstretched arms.  Diana held on to her son tightly. She caressed his hair and murmured softly, “Shh, it’s alright baby, I’m here, don’t cry.”
Jacob let the tears flow, how he had longed to see her, and hold her. She smelled like he always remembered and it felt just right. He took a long mental picture of her and held on tightly, never wanting to forget again. “Are you really here, you seem just fine, are you fine mom?”
Diana looked at her son, “I’m a spirit now honey,” how he had grown he looked older. “You can see me because Selah and Daniel have opened a portal.”
“Are you coming back for good? Can you stay?”
Diana looked up and saw Peter, the love she felt for him flowing through her towards him, how she had missed being with him. “I’m always here with you; you just can’t see me…but maybe now you might know what to look for. When I’m here I’ll always rub your hair like this ok, and you’ll know. Just always remember to keep your heart open to me, do you think you can do that?”
“Of course, always mom, I’ll never forget you.”
“Jakey, I know you won’t forget me, but just remember when things are at their worst that I’m here for you, never shut me out. It’s only when life happens… later on you’ll be busy, maybe then I won’t be able to reach you.”
“Never, I’ll always let you in.” he held her fiercely, never wanting to relinquish her. 
Selah saw and understood how he felt, she had been trickling a small measure of spirit inside Peter to help him with this revelation. She now did the same for Jacob, she knew Peter was patiently waiting for his wife’s embrace.
Diana arms trembled with anticipation, as she felt Jacob relax; she silently thanked Selah knowing she was responsible for all of this. As she stood before Peter she thought of all their moments together, it was as if they happened in a flash before her eyes, she knew Peter was seeing the same. She lifted her hand and gently caressed his cheek; she felt the familiar stubble of his fast growing beard. 
Peter leaned into her hand, relishing the feel of her, as he let himself go and felt everything course through him, unbalancing him like a tidal wave. He had to hold on, this was just for him. He lifted his hands and took hold of her face, and brought her lips to his. As they touched the images running through his mind came on faster and clearer. Selah’s birth, the cabin, all the laughs, the tears. How they fought, and made up…it was all before him, a gift. 
Diana wanted him to know how she had loved him and always would but he had to understand, she had chosen this a long time ago, for Selah, she also had known. She had hidden it inside her sub-conscious until her death but she had agreed.
They held one another, lingering, neither wanting to be the first to let go. Peter was a true soul mate for her; she knew their vibrations would always attract one another, their resonance harmonizing, would always search the other out. He had helped her grow and thrive, just as she had helped him. Their union having borne witness to each other’s lives, their evolution, realizing what they had been to one another. Diana was the first to pull back, she had to explain. “I had a choice at the beginning, and chose then to help Selah in her journey, I never knew I would also find you, that you would be my partner here.”
“I miss you so much, and I’m so happy to have found you too. I told you when we first met it was faith. You didn’t want to believe me.”
“You were right, but Peter you have a lot of life to live, my job now is to be there for Selah, on the other side.  I’ll be here for you guys too, whenever you need me, but my physical experience is over for now.” She reached over and took Jacob’s hand in her’s.
“You just have to remember and believe, never lose faith. There are higher powers that are watching over all of us, Selah and Daniel have a very important part in it all. But you both have to try and move on.”
Peter shook his head, “I don’t need anyone else in my life…”
“There will come a time when you will and I don’t want you to overlook it, we all have more than one soul mate, my love,” she glanced at Cecile just then, acknowledging her. “It just means someone who loves you and are willing to do anything to help you grow along your journey, with harmonizing energy vibrations.  Ultimately it’s your choice, I just want you to not stop experiencing positively, and love is truly all powerful.”
“Jacob, you have a hard journey also, Selah isn’t going to be here with you like she was. So you have to find the strength you have inside you.” She paused knowing she had to proceed “This must be a preparation of sorts, the world is going to change, you both have to be ready.  As the barrier begins to crumple between the worlds you will see things, things that are hard to explain. Never lose your faith in all things good, they will be there always, there must always be a balance of the two.”
Selah wanted to give them an explanation, without filling them with fear. “Jake, I will try to come back to see you if I have time, we have to find the others that are like us though, and we don’t have much time. I will give you both something, so I will know if you need anything.” She walked over to them, “I am going to connect us all by spirit; a bond. You will know or feel where I am, and I will feel the same for you.”
As she touched her dad’s and brother third eye she delved inside until she found the spot she needed and left a tiny imprint of spirit. She could close her eyes and see their light shine as if they were a beacon. “This is if you need me, but emergencies only, like life or death maybe.  Close your eyes and picture me as I am now, then ask for help. You will have to focus and clear your mind so I get the messages, ok.”
“I’ll be available if you need me too,” Diana smiled. “Just remember to ask, I won’t come until you ask, you’ll know when I’m there, you’ll feel me.’
As the time for goodbyes approached, they all seemed to cling to the hope of once again being as one solid family unit. It wasn’t impossible, just not possible in the foreseeable future. They were all filled with a renewed sense of hope as the road seemed to hold new insight to a whole different world beside their own. They had all been tossed together by the wheel and left to sort out the pieces after the turning.
Jacob was left with the part of his sister she had shown him, it left him in awe. While awakening a part of himself he had never realized he had.
Peter, still reeling from his last meeting with Diana and all it had signified, felt a weight lifted suddenly. He knew he should have been frantic about Selah and Daniel, but he was oddly at peace with it all, as if he had expected it somehow, strange as it was. 
Hours later, back inside the void, Selah and Daniel were discussing ways of trying to find the first angel; the creator joined them listening and saying nothing. Selah felt nervousness settle around her, she knew this was her true father and she had been extremely close to him, a favorite long ago. But so much time had passed between them she felt as if they had to begin anew once more.
After listening to their ideas for a time, the creator decided it was time to intervene. “YOU DO REMEMBER THE REASONS YOU WERE ALL SENT TO THE EARTH IN THE FIRST PLACE, DON’T YOU?”
Selah stopped what she had been about to say, she bit her lip in concentration. “I thought I remembered but it’s actually very vague, it had to do with our free will, and to truly know what it was like to be a human, in all its joys and sufferings.”
“YES THAT WAS PART OF IT, BUT DO YOU REMEMBER WHY WE NEEDED TO KNOW THIS INFORMATION?”
“So we could make more informed choices, so we could emphasize with them, and better understand mercy.”
“YES ALL THESE THINGS ARE TRUE BUT TO WHAT USE IS THE INFORMATION, WHERE WILL YOU USE IT?”
Selah raked her brains trying to remember the true purpose of their quest to earth all these years, all she came up with was a blank slate. She could remember all her pass lives and the lessons learned in each of them, but for what use was it all to her here?
Daniel closed his eyes and thought back to a time long ago, he had stood before the throne, and Selah had been in her full glory, it had been so long ago the earth had been so new.  There had been more angel then, than humans. It was back when the angels had been cast out of heaven and locked away in their prisons until the end of time, for fornicating with humans and creating a race called nephilim. All the angels remaining true to their fallen comrades had sworn revenge on the humans for so tempting the angels and having driven them to sin. And so had slowly coerced and supported evil thoughts and actions on humans in the years following, even going as far as encouraging them to sin and become evil.  Cain being the first to be swayed. As he remembered these things Daniel thought of one thing, instantly relaying it back to Selah.
“The heavenly council, we are to overthrow the wicked and the vain from the council, it’s coming back to me now,” She drew in a deep breath as the enormity of their quest settled in on her, Daniel’s strength helping her to bear the load. “We are needed to once more bring a balance and peace to the heavens, with our knowledge of the humans coming from firsthand experience.  Having lived as one and with them for so long we can bring the balance that has been sorely lacking.”
“YES, NOW YOU ARE READY.  THERE IS ONE THING MISSING THAT WILL HINDER YOU IN THE JOURNE. MY HOPE IS THAT THE REMAINDER WILL COME TO YOU, YOU MUST ALWAYS BE WILLING TO FOLLOW YOUR HEART, HAVE ABUNDANT FAITH AND BELIEF ABOVE ALL ELSE, FOR WITH THE RISE OF THE SPIRIT THE BALANCE IN EVIL WILL SOON EMERGE.  SO BE STEADFAST, PERSEVERE AND KEEP YOUR MINDS OPEN TO ALL POSSIBILITIES AND PROBABILITIES, AND YOU BOTH WILL DO WELL MY CHILDREN. ENERGY FLOWS WHERE ATTENTION GOES, FOLLOW THIS BASIC PRINCIPAL  AND THE JOURNEY SHALL BE CREATED AS IN ALL THINGS.”
As Selah and Daniel let the information soak into their bones, the look exchanged between one another for the first time was filled with a mutual fear. Yes they would be stronger with the others, but for now they were only two.
“I HAVE A GIFT FOR THE BOTH OF YOU, IT IS HERE INSIDE THIS VIAL; USE IT WISELY FOR IT IS RARE.” The creator reached inside his pure white robe, and upon movement one could see the sparkle of the brilliant gold thread embedded in the fabric itself. He produced a small vial it was the color of a white light with all other colors trapped inside, a rainbow of colors. “YOU MAY USE THIS TO REACH ME, I WILL NOT BE AVAILABLE PHYSICALLY BUT I WILL BE ABLE TO ANSWER ANY QUESTION. DO YOU REMEMBER WHAT THIS HOLDS SELAH?”
It barely came out in a whisper as Selah responded, “Yes I remember, they were always my friends, so long ago they are so beautiful, we used to play games together and they would tell you everything I did.”
He smiled with the memories of those days, “YES, YOU ARE CORRECT, DO YOU REMEMBER WHAT THEY ARE, THOUGH?”
“They are the pure untouched souls of the newborns that were taken from the world too soon, stillborn they are called on earth. But they have lived, they remember the time in the womb, they tell stories. They even remember their names…”
“YES YOU DO REMEMBER, USE THEM WISELY AS I HAVE ASKED, DO NOT FRIVOLOUSLY ABUSE THEM THEY ARE SPECIAL.”
“I will father, I understand only in great need will I call upon them.” She took a hold of Daniel’s hand, she had so much to do.  She wanted to sigh with the effort of the whole ordeal. But the love running through the bond with Daniel sustained it. She truly understood the need of the bond, it was too much for one, even if you were born an angel. Selah and Daniel took a bit of time to relax and sort thing through, she still didn’t have a clue where to begin her search. The poem was so vague and held not a clue as to location of the angels in question, only to elements each angel had tremendous power over. Angel two was fire, his power would begin to manifest soon if she remembered correctly. And he would not be aware that his thought would transcend into reality. It would be a very dangerous task the more his powers grew, and why time was of such an essence now.  They all would most likely be feeling some form of power. 
She hoped it was more than wishful thinking that they would receive their powers in order of acceptance, she had to ask if that could be possible, it would buy them more time. She was so focused on concentrating on trying to think on where to begin the search, when Daniel took her gently by the hand, she jumped, startled.
“I’m sorry Daniel I have to think of where to start looking, we…” He brushed back the hair that had fallen in her face and touched her soothingly. Selah instantly felt the electrical current he provoked in her ignite. She sighed deeply suddenly agitated.
“Selah sometimes you have to take a rest or you’ll just work yourself up in a frenzy and then what good are you to anyone?”
She bit her lower lip knowing he was right but still not liking her options. “What are we supposed to do? Just hang around here until the next angel just appears or something?” the anger and sarcasm dripped like venom from her lips. 
Daniel turned away suddenly hurt by her outpouring, he knew a lot had happened in the past few days but they couldn’t just stop everything and just go after the angels he knew they had to take a minute for themselves or they would both suffer. He felt her turn away from him the anger prevalent through the bond. He wouldn’t stand for it, he turned once more and did the only thing he could think of that would distract her. He pulled her close to him and pulled her head to his and roughly took her lips in his, her anger made him more forceful and he felt himself biting the soft fold of skin but continued as she moaned deeply, until he tasted the metallic flavor of her blood, which he had bitten hard enough to draw.
“Shit Daniel, what’s that for?” she wiped her mouth, her hand spotted red; he had bitten harder than he thought.
“I didn’t mean to bite you, I just felt your anger through the bond and wanted to distract you and well…” he looked down, he hoped she could feel how sincerely he was.
Selah sucked on her lips and realized she had been acting like an ass, just a few hours ago all she thought about was being with Daniel.  She had crossed hell and high water for him, so to speak. And now she was consumed with everything but him, it seemed. She felt the apology through the bond and turned, looking him in the eye.  Man, how she loved him, and he was all hers forever.  It was time she stopped to smell the roses before she forgot how.
“I’m sorry Daniel with everything that’s happened, I can’t seem to turn everything off, and just relax. I know I don’t sleep now but I’m so overwhelmed with everything. I wish, I wish…” she shook her head as tears formed in her eyes.
“You don’t have to say it baby, I feel it too, and it’s a lot to take in. It will get better it’s just because everything is so new right now it will get easier.  How about we take some time for just you and me right now.”
“We really shouldn’t we have so much to do” Selah closed her eyes and held her breath.
“That my love is precisely why we should, right now we are no good to anyone, let’s have a good look around and get our thoughts sorted out.  The best way to do that is to not think at all, how about a tour madam?” He looped his arm willing her to put hers through his so he could lead.
She stared at him, she was so lucky, how had she found him anyway?  She smiled for the first time in a long while and let herself be led. “So handsome, where are you taking me.”
“Why, my beautiful maiden, to all the places in heaven, only the best for my angel. Maybe it will trigger something in that empty head of yours.” He laughed wholeheartedly.
Selah slapped him playfully, oh how she had missed him and his fooling around just like this.
“I will take you to the first heaven, do you remember what is found there?”
“I think, but I’m not entirely sure, I remember visions in my head of great beauty and the most delicious aromas. Isn’t the garden there? What will the angels tending it say? ”
‘Yes, it is and we both need something beautiful to gaze upon. I will save the look of the fifth heaven and the son of the morning when we need something to light a fire under our feet to hasten us along, but that’s not today.” 
Selah let her wings out relishing the feel of the absolute freedom it bestow upon her, she wanted to scream out in pure joy, with the release she knew she must not forget this…she lifted Daniel easily and parted the clouds until she saw what she was looking for, her nose led her just as much as her eyes did.
Her mom would love it here.  She wondered if she had ever had a chance to witness it for herself. The flowers were in bloom constantly as no seasons prevailed here, it was just optimum weather every day and there were the most beautiful and rarest flowers ever known to man. None were adorned to not shine their own uniqueness, and frailty. It was as if they had been waiting for a visitor, they swayed slightly in the breeze quaintly giving off their wondrous fragrances as a gentle lovers kiss, teasingly at first, then relinquishing it all for them to enjoy. They seemed to vibrate full of pure unaltered energy, leaving only happiness and peace in their wake. Selah instantly felt much better and calmer. Daniel had been right once again, she turned to look at him and saw he had read her thoughts and was enjoying his moment.
She lowered them both along a stream that was running softly close to the large elm tree, it seemed to have a nook made for sitting embedded inside the base of its trunk. The color of the bark reminded Selah of the richness of the earth, and with the mixture of smells permeating through the air left her feeling fulfilled, as she used to when she came in from playing outside in the snow to her mom’s hot chocolate and a nice warm fire in the wood stove. Life was just right, as she and Daniel hunkered down leaning on the tree and took it all in. 
The angels who took care of the garden glanced at them slightly but paid them no heed. Their work was never ending and of utmost importance, too much so, to take the time to stop and interact with visitors.
Daniel watched her, she still had no idea how truly beautiful she was, her hair shone like the sun, it almost blinded him, but he didn’t blink or look away. Her robes molded to her every curve and hid her flesh but left the remainder to his imagination. He could stare at her all day, never ceasing. He rubbed her hand then slowly made his way to her shoulders, the silkiness of her robe couldn’t compare to her skin, which he had felt on another occasion. He felt his blood begin to warm already just remembering their tryst in the back of the coffee shop not so long ago.
Selah felt herself melt under Daniel’s skillful touch, she could feel his desire mounting through his thoughts and it made her leap with that much more excitement, as his ascended, it became a twofold grasp of intense emotion, leaking from them both. She took his lips in hers completely forgetting the small cut and swelling, she only felt his lips and tasted his tantalizing essence. She wanted to devour him and felt how he was thinking the same.
 Soon they found themselves lying on the sweet grass as Daniel stretched out besides her. He cupped her face in his hands and breathed in her heavenly scent, it was like jasmine and hyacinths mingled with the woodiness of oak, wrapped in sunshine and stars. He couldn’t truly  put his fingers on all the combination, but as soon as he smelled it he knew it belonged with her, as soon as she had transformed, she had acquired it.
He ran his fingers through her hair and inhaled, it was its strongest there. He would never tire of it, or her, he was sure. He kissed her collarbone relishing the fire he was leaving behind in his wake. The pleasure he bestowed upon her was felt also by him through her thoughts in the bond. This was amazing, to know everything she was experiencing.
Selah was spellbound by him, every touch, every glance, she kept her eyes open watching his facial expressions, knowing this would be a rare moment. She wanted to take a mental picture so when she needed to she could pull it out and remember and feel every moment. She took a deep breath, and thought the words she dared not say. “I want you Daniel, in every way.”
As Daniel realized what she had just thought he stopped and searched her face looking for any doubt about what she had just given him. He saw she was as serious as ever, and he wanted her just as much as she did. Oh how he loved her, they were facing a very uncertain future, the time to grasp such moment might be few and far between and how he had longed for her.
He kissed her gently and whispered “Are you really sure? Maybe we could go somewhere?”
“No, Daniel, right here and now, this is the perfect place,” she closed her eyes for a second when she opened them she spread her arms out releasing a flow of her power. As strings of pure energy floated from her fingers she wove a large dome around them, it surrounded an area of about ten feet. “Now we have all the privacy we need, no one will be able to see us or hear.” She grinned rather wickedly.
“You little nymph, I knew there was a reason I loved you so.” He kissed and helped her disrobe, barely able to stop his growing need of her, as she moaned softly under the pressure of his touch, succumbing to his slightest graze. He stood and undressed as she watched amazement flooding her vision, he was a heavenly sight to behold in his own rights, she wanted to taste, and feel every inch of him, savouring each moment. 
She had never seen a naked man in this form of herself before but her previous memories flooded her senses letting all her juvenile fears disappear before her. The only thing that mattered were the two of them now, they needed this to withhold them in their upcoming struggles, it could sustain them through anything she knew this. She kissed his neck as he whispered sweet words of endearment in her ears. Her every senses were alive with him, as he touched her and through his thoughts, she was overwhelmed with love and passion. They explored ones another’s flesh tenderly, discovering how much they could give one another in pleasure and striving to attain to greater and greater heights.
Daniel could wait no longer as he gently took Selah and made her his and his alone as their bodies joined as one, in body, mind and spirit. Their union so powerful the heavens trembled with the mounting of their energies, soaring, as they were oblivious to everything but one another.


Chapter 3/The Daily grind

The skies had opened up that evening; Zach had only worn a t-shirt, his forgotten hoodie on the back of the chair in the makeshift kitchen at the shelter. It had served as his only permanent home for the past few years; after the incident it wasn’t long before his mom passed away. He had helped out George at the shelter with the younger kids for three squares and a lumpy cot. It had been safe there, and no-one had bothered him too much. Now he had cash and could put himself up in a cheap motel room.  It was his, the same kitchenette, bed, bathroom was perfect for the privacy he so liked now. The truth was the littles had managed to creep into his heart somehow, he would never own up to it, as if he’d ever let anyone see inside, well pigs would fly on that day.
He ran trying not to get too wet, an impossible deed, at least he would dry fast the shirt was paper-thin. He had still a few more stops tonight so he had best get used to all the rain. He saw his next stop, Marlena, he was sure she had been a looker at one time but it had long since passed. She was wearing a super short skirt with ripped nylons that had seen their better days.  She drew back on a long thin cigarette, covering the butt with her rich shade of ruby red lipstick.  Her teeth were yellowed from the cigs, and lack of regular brushing. He had never officially asked her age but assumed she was in her late forties.. Making a living off the streets made you old before your time, already everyone thought he was in his twenties. He watched as she sauntered towards the back of the alley, she stopped at the doorway staying dry under the ledge, reaching up her skirt for her cash.
Zach casually bent over to tie his shoe and took the small package from his sock, rechecking the remaining quantities to make sure he hadn’t dropped any, four, perfect he was set.
“Hey sugar, you’re all wet but still look sweet enough to eat.” Her voice was fairly clear suggesting how truly sober she was, he knew she hated doing tricks that way, ‘the less you felt the better’ she always said. “How about I give ya a sample before all ya sweetness go all melty on me.” She reached for his shoulders as he stood, rubbing her fingers along his smooth, well-formed chest, stopping at his pants and slipping her cash in his jeans pocket. “If they could all look like you then a gal wouldn’t be needin nothin to help her imagination out, now would she.”
“Now Marlena, remember I don’t mix business with pleasure darling, just like you don’t, if I recall, if I did I wouldn’t be makin no livin now would I?” Zach gently pulled her preying hands off his crotch, not in the least bit interested in her charms. “I think you should be all set until next week love, wouldn’t you say?” he gently caressed her plunging neckline dropping the bag in between her exposed breast.
 Her breath reeked of cigarettes, and her face was pockmarked, but her eyes had seen a world of hurt and it still lingered in their depts. The deeply etched lines, told a portion of her story, deep down she had a heart of gold. Zach would stand up to protect her if needed, she was a true friend. One of the only ones left that had known his mother, while always showing a kindness to him. She had even come to the funeral, they had been the only two there, so much for people he could count on, he was glad he had learnt that lesson early in life, better to be wise at an early age, than old and stupid, he thought.
“I think it‘s time to get out of this miserable weather, unless I wanna turn into a duck.”
“Or ya wanna fuck, all the lonely boys come out in this crap, I think they believe they’re invisible in the damn rain. Well I’m good to go now, thanks to you, sweet thang.”  She instantly swallowed a few pills dry, reaching for another smoke. “You drop by any time, ya hear, I’m always willing to hook ya up, no charge ya know, you could make a nun wet lookin like ya do.” She smiled her yellowed smile, and for a second the pain disappeared from her eyes.
“Ah Marlena if you weren’t one of my best customers, ya know I’d take ya up on that, I’m sure you could get my engine purring.” He teased her, knowing they both knew the truth. He ran out from underneath the ledge feeling the water drench him once more, this was gonna be a long night.
-----*****-----
Selah was still reeling from her and Daniel’s love making, it had helped to distract her for quite a while she knew, and had definitely been a stress reliever; she was still tingling in places she had never imagined she could. She thought back to how he looked naked and how he had felt inside her, it was enough to make her insides tremble at the memory. He glanced back at her, adjusting his coat, he had a twinkle in his eye and was obviously reading her mind, and he almost looked smug.
Daniel sat down beside her, he had truly never been happier in any of his lives, this was finally their time. He reached down took her hand and caressed the side of his face with it. “Thank you for the most magical experience ever, you have blessed my life with your beauty, warmth and generosity, my lady.” He cleared his throat loudly, “And anytime you wanna do that again I’m definitely game, you don’t even have to ask, just take me, ok?”
Selah couldn’t help but laugh, his silly grin of supreme happiness was enough to make her sides split in laughter, she would take him again, of that she was certain, she began snorting she was laughing so hard. When she snorted he released his laughter with her, they needed to let go of all their pent up emotions from the past twenty-four hours. Selah began rolling on the floor holding on to her sides, as she imagined herself cavalierly taking him as he had done her, she seem to see it as hilariously funny.
Her eyes spilled full of happy tears and her sides hurt when she finally stopped laughing; she let her breath find her again before she attempted to speak a word. “Sorry Daniel I’m having trouble seeing myself as any kind of seductress, but any time you feel the need, I am also willing!”
Daniel smiled “Well if you’re not too busy right now, I seem to be, willing!” he said looking down at his readied form.
Selah punched him hard on the shoulder, “not already silly,” though she had to admit she could go for round two. “We have to try to concentrate on finding our elusive angel, so we have to get serious, the time for playing has come to an end, for now.” She was truly just as disappointed as he was; she wished they could just spend the next month naked in each other’s arms.
“I was thinking maybe we should try a bit of meditation, I remember meditating a lot when I was here before, do you think we could try some of that?”
Daniel sighed, sullenly, “I guess so,” sounding all of three years old, already bored with his new toy cause it wasn’t doing what he wanted.
They sat cross legged facing one another, Selah removed the shield she had placed over them, and she was suddenly bombarded with all the smells, sounds and sights around her. The angels suddenly all came to a stop and began singing the most beautiful song, luring them instantly into a silent trance. Selah let her thoughts drift to where they would, she felt such peace fulfill her soul. She knew they would find all the angels, she believed suddenly that all was possible, she felt the power of that possibility fill her solar plexus, the energy flowing throughout her whole body. She was so relaxed, she could barely feel Daniel, her own presence overwhelming her, the song bringing her deeper inside herself. 
The visions began slowly at first, then began forming rapidly, all was familiar, her family on earth, Daniel as a child, Jacob, Thomas, she was filled with love for all she saw. Suddenly her vision became darker, there was a small boy, a man screaming, kicking him, she saw herself struggle with the man, felt the blood running down her neck. Daniel was there helping her, the boy looked directly at her, saw her, she was filled with fear, suddenly Daniel was talking, telling her to wake up. Selah couldn’t shake the fear inside her soul, it had been so real.
“Did you see the boy?” she immediately asked Daniel.
“He’s from an old nightmare, Selah, you were remembering it, I thought I had taken it from your memory you must have taken it from my mind.”
“I remember it, but I saw it as if it was happening again, it was so real.” She was still shaken.
“Nightmares are like that Selah, it’s really hard to let go of them.”
“The boy, he saw me, he looked right into my soul, he wasn’t part of the nightmare, it was as if he was awake, he saw me Daniel.” She would bet her life on that, the boy had seen her, not the version of her in the nightmare, the one watching the nightmare enfold. 
“That can’t be Selah; it was all so fast it must have been your imagination.” Daniel could see how certain she seemed, but that just couldn’t be, it would mean the boy was awake and going into that nightmare willingly, who would do that to themselves?
-----*****-----
Zach was finally at his last stop of the night, he had saved the best for last. He hoped he could possibly find some warm body to snuggle with here for a while as he looked onto the deserted grounds of the sorority house.  The rain had slackened some, he felt a slight chill as the wind picked up, and he was almost there. He ducked under cover of the local bus stop, took out his phone and texted his next customer.  He would mix business with pleasure with this one for sure. He had met her outside the local strip club where she worked, while she got her degree in aerospace technology. Burning the candle at both ends had her looking for a little something to help her accomplish all her goals, and Zach had provided her with the means to do so. 
Jamey was her name, her real name, she had to give him that much to have him come here to supply her, her stage name was Mercedes and she sure looked as sleek as one. He waited patiently, glad to be somewhat out of the rain for even a few minutes, he felt his phone vibrate, she was answering already. Perfect, she would meet him at the back entrance.  She had been expecting him over an hour ago.  He had gotten her a little something extra special to help set her in his kind of mood, relax her just enough.
He headed towards the back of Tower Hall, going straight to Dwight Bental Hall, San Jose State was humongous to the outsider, comprising of three blocks of buildings available to all students, from theatres, to the Martin Luther King Library, not that this interested Zach in any way, he didn’t figure education would be his forte.
She was a member of the Alpha XI Delta and if they found out she supplemented her scholarship by stripping at Cheetahs, she would be out of the house.  Well thank goodness it was a higher end club, so the amount of sorority boys attending was minuscule, helping to keep her cover well undercover. But it did manage to give Zach quite the hand against her, he didn`t really want to exploit her, what he got from Jamey he didn`t share with any other.
He saw her leaning against the door, she had a friends room for the night while they were gone to work giving her the privacy they needed. She had the most beautiful smile upon seeing Zach. “Hey sexy, I thought you would never show up, I’ve been missing ya!” She shoved her arm inside his and dragged him along. “You even smell good, when you’re as wet as a dog!” 
Zach just smiled at her, “Well I aim to please, baby, and I have been missing you too.”
“Come on, before we get spotted by some freshman wondering who we are, I’ll have you warmed up in no time.” Jamey hugged him close to her as they made their way up the stairs.
They had just entered the small dorm room when she turned and hugged him. “Is everything good with you, Zachariah?” She was the only one he allowed to call him by his full name.
“Yeah no prob, it was just slow going tonight in all this rain.” He could never let her see how happy he truly was to see her. It had been a long night waiting for this moment. Jamey had taken him under her wing so to speak.  Sure, he brought her some upper and downers to help her out with her timelines but they had both developed an understanding, she was far from her people and lonely, just as much as he was alone.
“So why haven’t I seen you in two weeks, you can come in between shows you know.”
Zach looked at her wishing he could, but doing so would mean he would develop too much of an attachment to another being, what she gave him was just enough to hold him over, keep him just slightly satisfied.  He didn’t deserve true happiness, besides, was it even possible for the likes of him.  “I’m here now.” Bestowing her with his sweetest smile, she helped him peel off his wet clothes, he was down to his boxers when she began to stripe down also, she had mismatched boys briefs and a generic bra, but she was beautiful in his eyes. She walked over to the bed and pulled the sheets down, Zach got in first and she crawled in after as he spooned her backside, relishing her warmth.
 Nothing could be better than that moment; he closed his eyes and used all his senses to capture it to memory. He could smell her shampoo, a mixture of berries, citrus and a hint of musk. The length of her hair fell over his face, the silky strands laid on his cheek.  He rubbed his nose alongside her neck, her skin so soft.  He rubbed her arm, the full length of it, his feet had been wet and were as cold as ice, he rubbed them up and down the blanket trying to get the cold from them, she pushed her legs back to touch them.
“Cuddle up silly, I don’t mind cold feet, they remind me so much of Johnny.” She became quiet suddenly, “Sorry I didn’t mean to ruin the moment.”
She had taken Zach in as if he was a brother, and after one night of many pills and a few drinks had confessed all to him, on how she had lost her twin brother when she was only nine. They had been swimming when he had hit his head diving off the wharf, she had tried to reach him but it had been too deep and he had sunk like a dead weight. After her initial break, down she went as far to admit what she missed most was the way they used to cuddle together to sleep. Zach never having had a sibling or anyone to cuddle with had told her he could try to replace him, no strings attached. They had been cuddling together since. 
It had done something to Zach, he looked forward much more to their cuddling sessions than he did any other physical encounters he had, sex just couldn’t compare to this emotional ride he took with Jamey.  While he snuggled with her, he felt at peace, safe, almost loved, and for just a little while he actually let his heart open. 
They intertwined their legs, his rough hairy ones, against her smoothly shaven ones as the feel of her body put him in a state of long awaited relaxation.  He pulled her chest close to him and could actually feel her heartbeat against his arm, he listened until he could hear the beats in rhythm to what his arm felt. He kissed her shoulder tasting her soap, in a matter of only a few minutes she had engaged all of his senses; her smell, tastes, heartbeat, silkiness and the look of her overwhelmed him. He felt a single tear leak out of his eye, happiness clouding his thoughts, soon after he fell into a deep slumber.
-----*****-----
Selah and Daniel were still in the garden having been trying again to meditate, trying  to find the next angel. Selah once again sat cross legged facing Daniel, she closed her eyes, concentrating on her ability to relax had diminished since the angels had stopped singing.
Daniel could feel her stress mounting as she was getting desperate to find answers to her questions, he rubbed her hands with his and began humming the song he had sang to her in the café. Selah smiled with the memory of that evening, it seemed ages ago already, not barely two months. She let her thoughts drift to how happy she had been that night. They had reunited after having had so much friction for so long. 
She loved hearing Daniels voice singing to her, it made her feel as if she were floating gently in the water, serene like. She felt her breathing slowing as she let herself totally relax, floating away her worries, it was just her and Daniel as he hummed peacefully to her, lulling her into a deeper trance like state. She found herself thinking about when she was younger and how she loved to float on her air mattress for hours at a time watching the clouds float slowly in the sky. She had always pretended she saw different shapes and figures lurking above. The rhythm of the water’s current swaying her to and fro, relaxed her even more.
Soon Selah just let her mind drift to where it wanted to take her, knowing her need was foremost in her heart. She once again found herself in her nightmare, as a bystander this time.  She quickly changed her clothes trying to look normal, she tied off the weave, all she needed was the questioning with her attire. The boy saw her straight away, he smiled at her, almost happy to see her there, strangely Selah felt herself smiling back at him. He must be here willingly, the question was why?
She prepared herself for the onslaught to come.  Sure enough she didn’t have to wait long before the brute entered the room.  Selah was hiding in the corner, she didn’t try to interfere this time she watched the situation enfold before her instead. The boy said nothing as the man beat him with his hands repeatedly, Selah saw something she hadn’t seen the first few time she had entered this nightmare; the look in the boys eyes was explosive.  It was as if he was waiting, as if just biding his time. He turned the man had shed blood from a gash on the boy's head, and the bruises were already blossoming on his little chest, his head was on the floor as he stared at the ceiling.
He turned towards Selah and watched her. Selah was unsure if she should approach him, without hurting him more than he already was. He turned his whole body around facing her fully, “I’m glad you didn’t try to stop him this time,” he said in a strangely strong voice. “You could have gotten hurt again.”
“You remember me? From before?” Selah was fascinated with this little creature, he even looked as if he wanted to protect her.
“Yeah, that other guy came and saved you, you weren’t doing too good. Hank is a bad man, he shouldn’t of hurt you too, you didn’t do nothin.”
“Is Hank your dad?” Selah needed to know if he could escape somehow.
The boy looked wistfully as Selah “I done never know, no, mama never told me who he was, I don’t think she know.”
“Can you get away from him?” She realized she didn’t know his name, “Can you tell me your name?”
“You sure ask lot of questions,” he began wondering who this girl was and why she was showing up in his memories.
“What’s ur name and how come you keep coming here in my room?”  Maybe she was some kind of spy like that movie he had seen, though she sure was pretty in a white kinda way, her hair did look real soft.
Selah saw the distrust there in his eyes realizing he had absolutely no reason to believe her, she was the intruder here. “My name is Selah, I found you here in your dream, you’re not awake here, but you knew that right?”
The boy’s eye widened, dream! This chic was crazy, she must of smoked something to think he would dream this every night, “Your wrong, this ain’t no dream, tis my memories, bad memories, this ain’t no dream.”  He tried to sit up, his head was fuzzy again; he couldn’t wait until he could finally finish this part with Hank, then he would get rid of him and the fuzzies.
“Zachariah, that’s my name. My head hurts something awful.” He rubbed his temples trying to sooth the ache.
Selah wished she could help him realize this really was a dream of sorts, memories; that’s what he had said. She always found him here.  Did he continually remember this every night? It must have truly traumatized him. “Are you ok? I mean really, why do you keep coming here if you’re not dreaming.”
Zach looked at her, really looked at her, she looked innocent enough and he had a feeling she was coming from a good place and meant him no harm. “I remember what was done to me so I don’t feel so guilty for what I did.”
Selah listened carefully to his words, she was at a lost on how to phrase her next questions without them coming off too harsh or scaring him off, now that he was talking. “He’s not a very good man, no-one should hurt you like this.”
He twisted his head looking at her, she was pretty, and sure seemed nice enough. She reminded Zach of the old ladies down at the bingo hall all motherly like, except she didn’t smell of stale cigarettes and moth balls. But she knew nothing of pain, true pain the kind that rips your guts out from the wanting of it. He would test her to see the reaction, “I done a lot worse.”
Selah tried to read the boy’s eyes, what did she see, a maturity there that truly didn’t belong on such a young face, and wisdom beyond his years. She understood, kind of, so he had fought back at one point, but how far had he gone? Those eyes released none of that. “Even if you did, you didn’t deserve what he did to you. You’re the victim here, not him.”
She was sounding like them women down at the mental clinic, they had made him go there the few times they tried to 'save him'.  He had been tough and no one had crack him. He didn’t know what it was about her, he felt like talking for the first time ever and letting the beans spill. It was that gentleness she had; his mom had been that way before. Before the drugs and men, he remembered if he closed his eyes tight and reached deep.
“He can’t hurt me no more!” Selah wanted so badly to hold him and rock him gently, she saw the first sign of weakness as his eyes filled. He brushed it back and within seconds had regained his composure as if it had never been. What hell he must have seen and lived through to be like this now. She walked over to him slowly, reaching out to pull the blood soaked hair from his brow. The eyes searched hers with a distant longing found there. As she touched his forehead she was amazed at the heat she felt, he was on fire, she pulled her hand back reflectively, instantly regretting the move.
Zach’s back arched with the longing to be touched, when she withdrew so quickly he felt disgust with himself immediately, even this sweet young girl didn’t’ want to touch him. He really was a monster, she had lied to him. He didn’t wait to stick around for excuses, everyone had their reasons. He shifted.  He had wasted enough time already.  He had places to go, there was nothing new here.
As he faded from beneath her very eyes Selah followed him but kept herself from view, she floated above watching him. She could feel Daniel again, she beckoned him to her side. Within seconds he was with her. “What have you discovered, love?”
“Remember the nightmare you saved me from?” while Selah was new to the void she had walked into a nightmare and not knowing the dangers had believed it had been real and actually happening. Not knowing that if she was injured inside the nightmare it actually happened in real life also. Daniel had saved her when she had prayed for it not to be real, letting him glimpse where she actually was, to jump in and save her. She had a terrible head wound and Daniel had used up most of his life force trying to bring her back. Luckily for him, Selah had followed her instincts and saved him in return not letting him drift off, never to return.
“How could I forget?”
“This is the same boy from there,” she looked down at a slightly older version of the boy she had just been with. Perhaps three years older now so around ten years of age, he still hadn’t gone through too much puberty.
Daniel looked down and searched his mind to see if he remembered the boy, he had been concentrating on Selah that night and honestly didn’t remember seeing the boy. He was sure he should remember something of him but was drawing a blank, suddenly he could picture the whole scene unfolding before him, the fat coward beating on a young boy or girl, he could feel the bile rising in his throat. “Thanks for showing me, now I remember.”
“So why are we focused on him?”
“I’m not sure exactly, but I keep thinking we should follow him, he’s a link somehow.”
“A link to what?”
“That, I’m still not sure of, I’m following my instincts here, they keep bringing me to him.”
“I see, what if it’s just a waste of time?”
“I know, but I just touched him before he shifted.”
“Touched him?”
“He felt like he was on fire Daniel.”
“Maybe he has a fever?”
“Or, he’s a fire sign?”
“If that’s all he is, what fire sign’s body temp rises with the sign?”
They watched Zach walk through the streets, unaware of his admirers, his thoughts already trying to forget Selah, thinking she had only been an apparition in his thoughts, an angel of mercy so to speak. It hadn’t been the first time she had just shown up in his memories.  It had left him burning with desire to release the pain, his anger begged for release. He saw the old abandoned warehouse.  He let the fuel flow, releasing the pain his way, as wave after wave of balls of liquid fire flowed from his fingers, engulfing the decrepit building, now billowing in flames. He stopped and watched, the pain subsiding slightly but always at the ready just barely out of reach.
“Did you see weaves for that?” Selah’s thoughts conveyed her emotions along with it.
“No, I could feel the heat from here.” Daniel watched amazed that this young boy held such power.
“Do you think we should be looking elsewhere? Or have we stumbled upon what we are looking for?”
“You may be right, he’s awfully young though, so if he’s the one how do we bring him to our side?”
She turned to look at him the fear apparent, “If we can’t Daniel, what then?”
Daniel pulled her close to him, watching the flames lick the outside of the building his skin hot from the heat. “We will take things one day at a time, he may not even be who we are looking for.”
“When I was with him I could feel his anger, the prophecy tells of this, the second his heat a burning flame, his anger will bring them all to shame.”
“So we have found him then, the second angel?”
“I think so, Daniel, who else could do this? And he has every right to be angry with his lot in life.”
“So now the real work begins, doesn’t the prophesy say something about compassion?”
“Yes, I tried to approach him but he has walls up and I don’t know how to break through them. I have no frame of reference.  I was never treated the way he was, we were both brought up in good families.”
“We can still show compassion, Selah.”
“He’s smart Daniel, hopefully he will think we are sincere.”
“We can only try.”
Selah watched the expression on Zach’s face.  He was wearing an eerie smile, enjoying his show, but she also saw the pain reflected there from the flames, deeply etched in his dark eyes. She would have to reach his core; it was the only way to bring him to their fight. She would have to be able to control his anger. She breathed deeply and silently, wishing for a miracle, she would surely need one.
Zach had felt eyes watching him but had ignored them.  He could see no-one, and he needed this release, it was healing to him, even if only for a minute. The flames were part of him, he had finally accepted that. It had taken a long time, he had thought he was an actual demon at first, fire from his fingers and how he would burn sometimes!  But he had no horns, so it was just the way God had made him. He sure had given him some difficult things to handle in his young life, he figured this was his compensation for all the other crap. 
He could still feel the eyes watching him; it was like an itch he just couldn’t reach, leaving a weird feeling crawling down his spine. He decided to mosey, he still had places to be. He shifted and just before he faded he saw them, Selah, but she wasn’t alone, she had a tall stranger with her. He decided then and there maybe she wasn’t to be trusted, he had been wrong, he would watch for her.


Chapter 4/Watchers

Zach woke, he tried not to wake Jamey she was wrapped around him, making it difficult to see where she began and he ended. His memories had left him troubled, he had seen that girl before on occasion but she had never interacted with him in such a way before. And the fact that she had followed him, and wasn’t alone, had left a sour taste in his mouth. The guy with her seemed to have an air of authority about him, something he just couldn’t put his finger on. He would have to keep his eyes open. They wanted something from him.  He was glad they didn’t have a clue what he looked like. He would have to be on his guard from now on and not show them his true self. They had seen what he could do and they hadn’t run off as fast as they could. But why not? That was the question? He would have to do some investigation of his own. 
He slipped through to the void, quick as could be. He had discovered a few things in the years he had been coming here. When someone shifted they always left a trail, unless they were smart enough to hide it. He went back to where he had been as he had woken, it had not left a trace so they probably assumed he was awake or just in a normal sleep. Little did they know about his sleep habits.
He saw it then, the mist left from a shift, it was almost faded beyond following but he had seen worse. When he had first discovered what the mist was, he had made of a point of following each one. It had put him in danger a few times, stumbling upon some dark souls. There had been one that had actually tried to enter inside him, thinking he would bring it back with him to the physical world. As it tried to possess his spirit, he had acted quickly and used his fire to burn the sulphur from its being. It had taught him to not rely on his eyes here, some of the things could look harmless but were most definitely not. He had taught himself what he needed to survive, without being too bothered about it. Sure he saw people here occasionally but Selah was the only one to invade his memories, and that wasn’t sitting well with him anymore. 
As he shifted and followed the mist, it brought him to a place he had only glanced from afar, it had always left him with a sense of trespassing, and with extreme anxiety.  He could feel the sweat already pouring down his neck. It was the strangest feeling when he looked at the huge pillars before him, as if this was a holy place, sacred. And he was no where near holy, he was certainly damaged goods. But he still felt a pull to go further just as he always had when he got this far. The huge bronze doors loomed before him, calling, beckoning him to proceed.
Now he was thoroughly confused, they had entered there, the path was clear, was he wrong thinking he couldn’t trust them, what if they saw something in him, something good? He used to dream such things, for a time he had actually imagined being accepted by whatever lay behind those doors, more than accepted, needed. He had a purpose, his skills where good, not meant to harm.
But he had taken a life, the bible’s few rules where to not do so, he was disillusioned. He had done nothin to deserve being accepted in there, he had never seen anything or anyone enter, or even leave from there. So to see the path kinda made his blood flow faster, exciting him. He had watched the doors for days awhile back, hoping for a glimpse of something.
 He always had this struggle with himself when he was here. It was like a battle inside him. He let his thoughts wander, letting the darkness succumb, overpowering the light. His thought stilled with the comfortable fit of it, the ease like an old shoe worn from use. It was no use speculating what they wanted with him, perhaps they wanted to study his powers. He wouldn’t let anyone get inside his mind! His walls up higher then ever. He soon forgot about the stranger and Selah, not liking the threat they might pose for him, he would deal with them if he had to, for now they were just a nuisance to him like a cockroach going where they truly didn’t belong.
-----*****-----
She watched him, the boy man, he seemed to have changed, colder, harder. He hadn’t been here in a while, she knew this as each time he approached the doors she was summoned to him. She had never had to reveal herself, well he had never gotten the nerve to cross the threshold, or at least that’s how she thought it would play out, she didn’t have a clue. She only knew she was connected to him, she didn’t know why she was chosen than any other guard, she just did as they bid her, no questions asked. It was so much nicer here than her real life. She wished she could stay here forever.
He thought he was slick by his manner but he had nothing on her. Years of hiding, and hunting had made her a fearsome adversary, but to the untrained eye she looked like a innocent, weak, fragile thing of about thirteen. Well, it was the look she strived for, it bode well in her favor when she was underestimated by her foes. Upon closer inspection one would notice the way she carried herself.  She was silent as a mouse and had the ability to camouflage herself behind the smallest things. It had kept her alive on more than one occasion, being a child soldier in the Congo she sometimes passed herself off as a boy, while her skills with knives helped her pass any scrutinizing eyes. She could pierce a man’s eye killing him instantly with one careful throw. What girl could claim such a feat?
She had practiced for a full year, after dark, hitting a makeshift target in the woods near her home, making her eyesight adjust to the darkness had also worked in her favour.  They became as sharp as a animals from the training. She had first travelled here to the void when she was a mere six years old, after the insane rape and torture she had been through upon first being discovered, alone and female, she vowed never to let anyone hurt her again. She now had a total of twenty blades she had stolen from dead bodies along her travels. Not bad for a girl of only seventeen, they were her only treasured possessions. Here she could conjure up all the knives she needed, she was never hungry here either. This was her sanctuary, she was invincible here.
When she had had her first summons behind the bronze doors she had trembled in her skin, fear being amplified tenfold as she thought of all the people she had put to death willingly, yes Gabriel has been with her guiding her but they could still send her to hell, this she knew. 
So when she was told that all was forgiven by her arch angel Gabriel, there had been a reason for all she had to endure, being part of the process for her to become a guard, she did even more to excel at her tasks. She would be something of a legend if she had anything to do with it, nothing would hamper her will. She had been told it was one of her special talents, few could survive all she had and still smile. And what a smile she had, it lit up her face hiding all her insecurities and scars, showing her true age and beauty, that was Anaya.
 She wished she had memories of the past with him. It could of helped her immensely, but she would only have flash backs, a beautiful smile, a hearty laugh. She had been told she could access the Akashic records of her past, but it meant reliving her past from this life also. And that she wasn’t interested in reliving anytime soon.
 Curiosity got the best of her as she slithered even closer to him, she could see his tattoos clearly now the one on the right was new, a cross with blood dripping from its base. What was the blood for? She wondered what his story truly was now, she knew he had powers, had seen him light stuff up, they told her he was an angel, but even he didn’t know that. He had to believe in himself to transform, without the belief it was all null and void. Just like her, it had taken a long time for the switch. It hadn’t been easy to change. She had to remain open to all the possibilities, losing her fear, fear was the opposite of love, where love made you grow, fear made you stagnant. And without the love for herself, she would never truly become great, just mediocre. So holding on to the fear prevented all her dreams from coming to fruition. And that just wasn’t acceptable.
He still had fear; he couldn’t even get closer than twenty feet from the great doors. She might never have the chance to truly prove herself unless he somehow evolved. But she hadn’t been told to approach him, if they wanted her to intervene they only had to ask, until then she would watch and wait. Things were changing here, of that she knew; the first angel had come forward and claimed her birthright. She didn’t know where in the formation he was, this boy-man, but his time was coming. And she was ready.
-----*****------
Selah wished Zach had remained in the void a bit longer he had returned to his body losing all connections to himself. As they returned to the heavens she wondered if there was any other information she would be able to dig up on him, now that they knew who he was. She decided to search the Akashic records; they were the files on all the souls since the beginning of time. It was possible for humans to access them but it took a great connection to their spirit and the ability to transcend time and space. It had been told that Nostradamus had been such a soul, and it was why his predictions on future events were so mind-blowingly accurate.
She reached the great library with Daniel in tow.  She didn`t know where to begin or even if she could get access to such things, but decided it was worth a try. She wasn`t sure how much it would help to know of his past lives, it was this life they needed to reach him in. Hoping it would give them some clues inside his personality, his strength and weaknesses. The keeper of the records stopped them at the door, the forbearing angels before them looked as if they had chewed nails for breakfast!  Selah tried not to be intimidated, secretly wishing to be suddenly invisible. 
“Yes?” the angel’s scowl took most of their face.
“We would like to open a record on a particular soul?” Selah could feel her hands sweating nervously.
“Are they the one behind you?” As they seemed to grow in size , Selah felt all the smaller with the questioning.
“No, it’s for someone else.” Her voice seemed to squeak out the answer. She wondered if her higher connections would get her in the door.
Seemingly reading her thoughts they answered “That will not help you here Selah, you have come barking up the wrong tree unless you need access to your own journey. You must have written permission before you can just obtain another’s inner most thoughts and deeds. And I have never received written permission for such a thing before.”
Selah was at a lost for words suddenly and wanted to get out of there as fast as she could. Luckily Daniel sensing her apprehension through the bond took over, she realized then his calmness was the only thing that had kept her together this long.
“Whose written permission do we need then?” he didn’t know why this old bookworm scared Selah so, he could see the dust a inch thick on it’s wings as if it had been perched in a corner for the last year or so without moving. They were probably the most excitement it had seen in awhile, he could see the eyes as they watched Selah obviously enjoying making her uncomfortable. 
“Why the owner of the file of course,” it pursed its lips extending the “of course” an extra few syllables. Trying to make itself sound more righteous than they were.
“And how would you know it belonged to the owner of such a soul?”
It tsked in offense, its voice bellowed in the cavernous room, “I am the keeper of all souls, and I know ALL!” it began to close the door disgusted with their questioning.
Daniel stuck his foot stopping the door from closing, attempting one last question “So if they sign something that is all we need, no catch, just permission?”
“Fools! They must be aware of what they are signing, that is it’s access to their history since the beginning.” As Daniel felt their eyes look him over from head to toes he knew they could achieve such a thing. The look in the angel’s eyes proved it to him. It was pure disbelief, which alone pushed him to continue.
“You already know the answer; we will get permission won’t we?” 
“I know that few have the perseverance the likes of your kind Daniel, is that answer enough?”
So taken by surprise at Daniel’s tenacity, Selah blurted out “Thank you, thank you so much!”
“We shall see!” hmmm, “I will be watching the both of you closely, of that you can be assured. “And Daniel the only way for you to prevail is through a division of the mind, and now I have said too much
Daniel hadn’t liked the sound of that departure; it left his bones chilled in dread.
As they left the library Selah began to devise a plan, somewhat oblivious to Daniel’s instincts “If I can get him to sign something when I find him in his memories maybe I can explain it to him in a way that it will help him, overcome his stepfather or something?”
“Whoa, slow down we have to really think this through, one wrong move and we’ll lose him.
“He seems as skittish as a deer in headlights already”
Selah thought about it a second, “He needs to trust me, if he trust me then it will be a piece of cake.” Having never had too many challenges in her life backfire, Selah was an eternal optimist.
Daniel looked at her knowing this was no easy task, hoping it was being understood by Selah through the bond. But obviously she was ignoring his opinion. He hoped she was right but everything in his gut told him to watch and listen carefully before being hasty.
-----*****------
Zach was doing ones of his past times, people watching. He was at his favorite deli sitting at the bar window seat, watching the crowds on the busy street. He loved to pretend he knew what was going through peoples minds by their clothes and attitudes. He saw a robust man in his forties talking on a cell phone preoccupied with everything, his daughter ignoring him and casually glancing in windows looking at the latest fashions. Or at least he thought it was his daughter, one never knew. The man slowed occasionally for her to catch up, the look of annoyance clearly written on the scowl on his face. The girl held a dreamy look of total ignorance of his anger, as he continued to talk on his cell phone looking all important in his five piece consignment suit. It seemed these types were the worst for acting self important, someone who was truly important didn’t have to puff up their chest, they just simply were. The charisma they oozed spoke of it. He wondered what the girl was dreaming of, a cute young boy she had a crush on in school maybe.  Zach changed his mind quickly about the girl as he watched her look longingly at a pretty girl coming her way. Maybe she was into girls, nothing wrong with that, it was all good.
Zach had a theory about such a thing; he truly believed the spirit could be either male or female depending on experiences, past lives and such. He had given it much thought and had concluded that if a person in a past life had been extremely happy as a female, but been born a male in this life, well the soul yearned for the good experience of the past and would think it came from being female instead of the actual experience of love and sharing. It made for some people thinking they were born the wrong gender. I mean what else could explain it, it made sense to him, so he believed it. He didn’t think it was wrong to be confused, and not able to let go of the past, he was a prime example of such a case. He was perpetually stuck in the choices he had made.
As he watched, he saw a young couple with a child of about three, bickering totally ignoring the child, it’s clothes were stained and it looked as if the child was frightened. Their eyes were dark and haunted, wringing their hands together waiting for an explosion of sorts. Zach knew the signs, he had them memorized like the back of his hands. The waiting and anticipation of an attack, that one of the men would suddenly smack his mother then lunge for him.
He could feel his anger building, the heat consuming him, this wasn’t gonna happen today he would protect the child, he would do what no other had done for him. He stood, sliding off his stool and marched over to the child, his anger clouding his vision. Zach saw it before it happened, knew the man’s arm was drawn back at just the right angle. The woman was frantically trying to explain something the tears welling in her eyes, just before he punched her in the face his hand burst into flames, the screams were ear piercing.
The man’s arm was burnt to a stump, the hand, fingers were completely gone all the way to the elbow, and a fine ash was picked up by the slight breeze, the burnt flesh. A thought crossed Zach’s mind just then. Didn’t the bible say if one sinned with a part of the body it was best to loose it so one could enter the kingdom of heaven?
Zach walked over to the man, in a very calm but menacing voice whispered to him “That, my friend, is a little taste of hell for you, consider it your warning.”
The man fell back as his body began to convulse from the shock of the lost limb and the accumulation of Zach’s words. As the sounds of sirens ran in the distance, he looked at the child and mother the look was of fear and relief mixed into one. The child actually smiled at Zach, he didn’t know if he should say something or just leave, he chose the latter.
Served him right, you just didn’t hit women; his anger somewhat abated for the moment. He only then realized his gift of creating fire in the void was alive and well here, he had never been able to manifest it in the waking world. He was filled with a sense of awe and trepidation. Why now, what did this mean for him?


Chapter 5/Remembrances

Anaya had been born the middle of six children, there was only her left. Her bibi had always said she was the strongest, a fighter from the first day. Bibi had been strong too living longer than her mama. She had been a wise thing.  She had passed when Anaya was barely eight, she used to tell her stories of the way it used to be. Now when Anaya was past the point of hunger she would lay in the huge kapok trees, some growing to two hundred feet tall, remembering.  She had learned to climb out of necessity, the height had been dizzying at first but she had made herself get used to it. She only had snakes to battle here, and the occasional wild animal. She had decided long ago that dying from either of these things was preferable to the latter. And the toucans were so beautiful it made the rest worth it all, their colors bringing a smile to her face.  She knew they would warn her of an intruder, a cheetah looking for a rest for example.
The story she remembered the most was when her mama and baba had first met. He had been enamored with her upon first sight.  She had been sent to fetch water for the family and was a mere nine.  A young man of eighteen, baba had been working the fields planting coffee.  Having been hired on by the big plantation, he was lucky to find a job. But he had a good back and it was needed for all the hard labour he had to endure. He always said it had been mama’s eyes that had drawn him in like a dream, and he dreamt of her every night thereafter. He had tried to speak to her then, but shyness had kept them apart. 
Mama had been told to fetch water and speak to no-one. After months of trying he had finally gotten her name, Zebuda, meaning beauty. Eventually they had begun talking and when she could she would sneak to see him. She was slowly falling in love with him, she told no-one not even bibi for the longest time. She had gotten her first kiss under a great kapok tree, maybe that was why Anaya always dreamed her best dreams in them.
It had been hard but they had eventually married, baba had contracted the AIDS virus at the young age of twenty-eight.  Mama had been devastated after that and had died of a broken heart, or at least that what bibi said. Anaya loved to imagine the beginning of their courtship, it held such sweetness for her, that first kiss. She had hoped hers would be such a story, but no love had been saved for her, and now she only sought it in her dreams.
She equated love now with pain, lost, emptiness. With everyone gone from her, she didn’t want to love, as the fear of the pain sometimes threatened to overcome her.  She would awake in a sweat, as the faces of her past haunted her, the beautiful sister, born with AIDS, or her brothers, how they loved to chase her and be chased. Such things left holes inside her heart and were best left hidden, she didn’t forget them, but she had learned to move past them.
Nightmares, she had them more often than the dreams.  The past would resurface when she was extremely tired or distraught. She would awake in a cold sweat, each memories relived in it’s entirety  She knew they could never truly leave her, they were now part of her, like her flesh. When she had first became a guard she was told she could remember past lives, but she hadn’t had the pleasure of such things, all she could figure out was that the space left in her mind for the past was being eaten, a bit like maggots feeding on death, eyeless and devouring, consuming. 
She had never spoken of those memories to anyone. Who would listen, she didn’t believe in complaining, what was the purpose? Besides, she wasn’t the only one to have ever suffered, and maybe it was a rite of passage of sorts.  Hadn’t the messiah suffered for all of humankind. It was an honor to be chosen, to carry a burden, the strong were given only as much as they could handle.  She had been given much, and for this she was grateful.
Of past lives, all she remembered now was him, the black boy she was to guard, none of her lives, just his, he was beautiful in all her memories, always laughing and smiling. He had a nickname for her, he loved to call her Bozo. It made her smile thinking of this. The smile was short lived as she drifted to sleep, it was where the nightmare usually found her.
It was difficult when she was in the nightmare, to distinguish between reality and past, it made her all the more determined to never let such a thing happen again. Or even to bring a child into this world the way it was now. Child soldiers, killing other children and families all for just power and land. It was senseless to her, but she never voiced her views to another, it was sacrilegious to mutter such things, knowing people had been put to death for much less. 
She had seen on a television in town, other places and cities and they did not live like this. They had freedom and choices, women had power. She wanted to cry out with the possibilities, but only did so inside her head. Here money was power and it decided what type of life you had. She wondered if it was like that in the other places, it must truly be different, better. People didn’t go hungry from lack of food, there was more than enough for all she was sure, what she had seen on the television, she hoped to one day experience for herself.
-----*****-----
Peter was still reeling from the shock of seeing Diana and what was going on with Selah and Daniel, was it a dream?  No, Selah hadn’t been back since that night, he had to face reality, but his reality was too incredible to believe, and swallow. He wanted to talk to someone about it, so he figured the best person was Diana. Now that he knew she was still with him, spiritually he poured his heart out to her every night, letting all his fear come out through his tears holding nothing back. It was strangely healing for him, emotionally cathartic. He rested peacefully after each purging; he talked of the past when they had first met, when the children were small. And the more he spoke the more he remembered little things that pointed to the path they were now on, Selah’s intuition had always been spot on.
He thought of how she had stopped Jacob, at the age of two, from crossing the street as he ran  for his ball. Peter had told Selah to let him go, there was no traffic and she had yelled for us to wait and seconds later two motorcycles speeding through the streets had zoomed by. He had forgotten about the little things, chalking them up to mere coincidences, but now he seriously wondered about all of it.  But were they real or had she been in tune to a higher power all along, his little girl. The one that loved to make up her brother before he had began school, lipstick and eye shadows of the most brilliant blues. Jacob had asked Peter if he was pretty, for a quick second he had wondered on his sons future!  He had hoped for a hockey player, could he handle a different boy. His fear had been unfounded of course, fleeting as soon as it had surfaced.
Jacob he seemed to be adjusting to the change better than him, telling every one at school that Selah had an amazing opportunity to study abroad. Claiming he was being somewhat truthful, she was abroad, wherever that was. And he was fairly sure she was learning new things, he had convinced everyone, except only one person who seriously doubted all of it, Thomas. He called Selah's house almost every day, full of new questions.  Peter was really getting aggravated and knew he would soon blow up on the boy, he realized Thomas cared for his daughter,  but come on! He should give it a rest already.
Peter sometimes relived the whole uncovering scene through his mind as reassurance that he wasn’t mentally insane. There was only one person he could truly talk to about this but fear prevented him from contracting Cece. She was going through the same as him, and she could actually have a grown up conversation with him.  Jacob thought the whole thing too cool or awesome or some adjective like that. For Peter it was more mind boggling, disturbing, she had been there for the entire transformation. She might even know what they were doing or supposed to do. But every time he lifted the phone to call her he stopped himself, another woman was not supposed to be the cure for him, at least not yet. He knew he was being melodramatic but he was not entirely not attracted to Cece. She was a pretty woman and had managed to raise a wonderful son.  He loved Daniel like he was one of his own, he just wasn`t emotionally ready for the interaction with another woman. He did know when the time came it would be her he leaned on, who else would believe what had transpired here just a short time ago.
For now his memories would hold him, they were still as fresh as the pain of his lost of Diana. But for the first time he could possibly imagine a different ending. He found he wasn`t saddened so much with the idea as he would have been before the encounter with Selah and Diana. It had helped him with closure on the whole ordeal, being able to hear her speak where in the end the stroke had rendered her incapable of such words. And having her say what she had, for him to move on, had opened up the door for change. Time was all he needed now, and he sure had plenty of it.
-----*****-----
Zach had been left tumbling in long past memories for days, after the child had smiled at him, showing him hope, from a hopeless place. He remembered those days when some little thing would give him such a thing. When his mom would come home sober with a bag of groceries and they would watch TV and eat chips and laugh. She would actually cuddle then, those had been the days. For that one night he had pretended that the world was a good place and there were really no bad people, it was all just a dream. Hope that was what he had seen today, in the smile.
He had stopped the torture for the child but was that the end.  Zach had thought they were safe after his mother`s abusive boyfriend had finally walked out when Zach was seven, but just a few weeks later she found herself a whole new one, seemly attracting exactly what she said she didn`t want. And the cycle began again. Oh sure he was nice at first, they all were, until they got comfortable and knew they held all they cards. Zach would have done anything for the old boyfriend, the new one was an even more perverted nightmare. 
But the drugs made mama's senses dull and soon she only wanted another fix and had even forgotten she had a son, or a life. She dwindled down to nothing.  She barely ate, just got fucked up, literally and figuratively. Brad, that had been his name, just laughed as she begged for the next fix, he would make her do all his buddies as he watched for a while, but when that got too boring he started making her do things to Zach, and when she was desperate enough she didn’t hesitate. Those were the memories that made him shake and rock, back and forth the pain overwhelming him, consuming. No flame could burn it from his mind; no heat could extinguish the hell inside his own soul.
-----*****-----
The corridor was empty as Roland wandered, passing people as he went, he was surprised he was walking.  He had been confined to the bed for such a long time, it was all he remembered. And the heaviness from his chest was gone, but so was Adele. Where was Adele? She had been there at his side the whole time, it seemed as if it was yesterday at times, but other times it seemed forever ago. He felt none of the pain of before, the cancer no longer bothering him. He said “hello” to every person he encountered and none said anything to him, he was confused. 
As he approached the room he had been in he tried opening the door but his hand floated right through, he pulled back suddenly. Was he dead?   How in the world had he just done that, he had been…he drew a blank. Where had he been, how long had he been like this? He remembered a bright light and peacefulness, but how did he come to be here in the hospital again?  Something had pulled at him, what it was. He had followed others now, he remembered, a promise of the things that were.  He saw them pouring out from the gap in the veil, all kinds of souls, he squinted as a pure black form slithered quickly from the hole.  They all went in every direction, the only sign of recognition found, was from the young boy holding his mother’s hand in the hallway, his innocence allowing the transfer of seeing the endless souls entering the hospital room. 
“Mommy, can you see them all?” his eyes wide in excitement. “See who honey?” his mother stated, distracted, waiting on the doctor for word on her husband.
“The dead people mommy, it’s full of dead people. “There’s no dead people here baby, just sick people.” dismissing his active imagination.
As the boy looked on, he saw no sickness, he saw a complete and utter lack of life, as they wandered aimlessly down the corridor. He wasn’t afraid, until he felt the black spirit descend towards him and stop a hair’s breath away from his face, the breath froze inside his lungs, so great the fear inside him. “I would have you for myyselfss,” it spite out hissingly. The darkness disappeared suddenly as the boy looked up and smiled menacingly at his mother.
Roland remembered they came through a portal that was it, he thought, no not a portal, a hole in the fabric itself. It had called to them all to cross over, to be able to feel again, he remembered now. He would find his Adele, somehow he would go to her, she would see him, he would make her, be with her again. He had a second chance, he was home.
-----*****-----
He hated following orders he wished he could do as he pleased, but until they had more power this was what he had to do. He had more power than some since the awakening.  He was glad he had awakened early. Balthazar had been waiting for a companion and that he was, he had been his lackey in the past but had gone his own way as soon as the opportunity has arisen.  He was afraid this time would be different they where trapped here on this plane, he did have an advantage though, he was mobile. Balthazar was still trapped in stone from the waist down, so Reek had been his means to go and find any information he could 
Reek had kept his old name even though it implied certain things, he liked it then and still did. He had been surprised at how he could attain information here. The caves and tunnels were full of many creatures. He had even found a few with the ability to travel to the different worlds. And had been able to find out that the first angel had claimed her right and chosen her guard, and the search for the second angel had begun. Balthazar was indebted to him for this, he hoped he could use it , the stronger the angels grew the stronger he would get, he needed all he could to be exactly where he wanted, before such a thing happened. He would have to bring him a gift, he had been working on a plan to bring himself to the forefront with Balthazar. He was amassing a small group of devoted slaves underneath his guidance, and being able to travel well that was his means out for sure, he had to be certain it was at precisely the right timing.
Balthazar didn’t trust Reek, he was named such, for a reason as he reeked of all things wicked. He lied, cheated and swindled every chance he could, but that also made him a excellent enemy to keep close, very close. Balthazar could feel them now, the second angel also, it’s power growing. Soon he would be mobile and be able to rule as he should, they hadn’t all awakened and those who had thought him weak for his lack of movement. He could hardly wait to crush them.  And he could, they would doubt him no longer, his absolute power. He had so many plans awaiting his direction. He would suck the life from them all, he could taste their life force, so sickly sweet. Slowly, he waited, watched, letting Reek gain his reckless hold of the few awake. Let him think he had a measure of control, he would make him remember his place in time, for now he was getting precious information from him. Time was still with him, they would see all of them, he was more than Balthazar, he had a greater name.
He remembered those small creatures Reek had befriended, they had mystical powers of their own, they could traverse between worlds they could possible bring some of them to find those he sought. He would have to watch them all carefully, it was all coming together now, time and opportunity was all that stopped him, and his freedom to make it all happen. He would not be forgotten this time around.


Chapter 6/ Encounters

 Selah and Daniel returned to the garden the peacefulness of the singing helping in their arranging of thoughts. Daniel had been pondering the angels in the library’s last response. If they split up and went far enough away from one another their minds would be divided, was that what it had meant? Was their close proximity preventing one another from progress? He was having trouble believing this. They helped one another out, one complementing the other on weaknesses or strengths, how could division be the answer? And why had the comment been directed at him only, not at Selah? This was making things even more difficult for him, they had so much riding on their choices, it made for the greater possibility of errors. When he had been pushing Selah to accept him he wondered if he had truly known all they had to accomplish if they had been better off just being normal and ignorant as the rest of the world. No he had to shake those thoughts off, if Edison had stopped trying inventing the light bulb after so many failures well we’d all still be in the dark. His dad used to say anything that worth attaining was hard work, the easy stuff wasn’t worth much in the end.
Selah was actually chewing her nails, it was a rather funny sight.  Daniel had never seen her go at it, so engrossed in the act as she was. She was deep in concentration and he understood her anxiety, they would have to get Zach to give then permission into his records of past lives. But even if they did receive such a thing there was no guarantee that this would be the cure that would fix all their problems with him. What if this information didn’t help them at all, they could both feel his powers getting stronger with each passing day. It was like the feeling of goose bumps running all over your skin.  He had used his powers to light the building on fire. They had both taken stock of the feeling. They hoped it had been because he was in such close proximity to them at the time, but they had randomly had the feeling again some time after and Zach was nowhere to be seen. Wishful thinking was putting it mildly, to say they didn’t think it was Zach again. But there was no trace of him in the void. He wondered if that meant he was able to manifest while not in the void, that would pose even more problems for them and cut their time even more. He wished he could just wrap himself around Selah and just enjoy her and her alone. He decided to do just that, they could think while cuddling. 
He stood and squatted behind her pulling her close smelling her hair and drifted back to their most magnificent afternoon right here in the garden. He kissed the back of her neck, watching her stress melt away, like the first winter snow. Her breath evened out and she stopped chewing her nails, “Oh Daniel, I don’t know what I’d do without you, your my breath of fresh air.” 
“As you are mine, my love.”
“I keep racking my brain on how to approach Zach to try and get a signature on paper and have him understand what he’s signing. He would have to be younger somehow in the nightmare. I don’t know how to.”
“I was watching you chew your fingers off, and realized you needed some Danny time.”
Selah looked down at her nails, the surprise apparent on her features as she had been unconsciously chewing away. “Holy shit, I did this?” The nail bed was chewed down a good half inch, it looked angrily back at her. If you see me do that again stop me right away, I don’t know what came over me. “I think after I felt that surge of power awhile back, well you know, you felt the same thing.”
“I know, if it was him we have to think of something a bit more concrete to be able to lure him to us, without scaring him off too much. What  if you found him in his night mare again and questioned him more?”
Selah thought about this. “It would be faster and the Akashic record doesn’t guarantee anything for us, and can you imagine all the information we would have to go through, time is not on our side right now, not if that was Zach using his powers outside the void. Maybe we should go back outside the void and try to google any freak accidents or huge fires to try and physically find him?”
“Now your talking, we might be able to find something that way. Where should we go, home?”
“ I have to say, seeing dad and Jacob would be nice, good for me I think, to feel normal for just a little while.” Selah rubbed Daniel’s arm suddenly excited about going home, for a visit.
As they prepared themselves for the journey, they failed to notice the two angels watching them from afar. “They are not easily swayed,” the Asha Vahishta, pronounced. “It would be much simpler for them if they asked us for guidance.”
“Yes, but they must ask, we may never intervene without permission, the protocols prevent it. That is the price of freedom of choice, they must choose their destiny. If they could only see how the choosing brings such things about more quickly,” the Arda Fravash had had struggles with the choices of other, since the beginnings of their decision to help the humans in their struggles. When they had accepted the task they had dreamed of such accomplishments, in the beginning they had great successes but none could be obtained without the humans wanting of it.
They could only guide the ones who physically asked for such, with the believe of completion. With all the new technology things were not as they were before, but they hoped with the rebirths of Selah and the findings of the others, this new earth was in for a rude awakening, as the manifestations of all the forms came to be, merged together. It would be the culling of the weak of mind and spirit. The excitement of the prospects stirred great possibilities in them both. It could be as before, in the beginning, they hoped the people would prosper with the changes coming  They would believe once more in the power of all things spiritual and hidden, since it would soon emerge, open for all to believe and trust upon. Only time would tell how it unfolded.
-----*****-----
Zach returned to his small piece of home, the room made him feel forlorn.  He had actually set that man’s arm to flame with his thoughts alone.  It was one thing to go to another place in his dreams and set fires with his mind but having it cross over into his reality, his mind was reeling! What was wrong with him. If he happened to do something like that every time he got pissed, well holy fuck he was in trouble! Cause he was pissed half the time, if not more. He tried to think of his actual thoughts when he had released the fire. He remembered picturing the guy in agony, as he had done for the woman and the boy, remembered thinking he should loose his arm so he couldn’t hit no one anymore. Was that all he had to do?  Picture what he wanted to do in his head, and follow with conviction?  This warranted some more trial and error on his part, he would try to experiment with his new skills. 
It still left a bad taste in his mouth, why could he do such things? What was the purpose of his power? Oh he could speculate and say he was meant to rid the world of scum bags, but could it really be that simple? He highly doubted it, but deep down in his heart he knew there was a reason, and when he thought extremely hard he always seemed to picture the girl, Selah, she came to mind. But he trembled just thinking of the great doors, they froze his very soul with fear. He had no right to even think on such a place.  A place that was majestic, good and so very awesome as those doors.  He had hurt people and he was in the process of finding if he could actually hurt more. That place oozed of goodness, he could picture himself belonging in a much different place more the likes of fire and brimstone, and eternal damnation and such. He cleared his mind, he was going nowhere with these thoughts, and he had learned a long time ago he could only depend on himself.
He played out different scenarios of things he wanted to try in his mind eye, he wished he had had this power a long time ago, looking back now, his life could have turned out so differently. As he remembered the past, his anger grew, never really finding a time of actual release, always trapped, festering, like an infection left too long. It was all he knew, had never been shown another way.  There was no shades of grey within Zach, just stark black and white. It all left him in complete sadness, depressed beyond believe for a while, he would never give up though, that was truly not in his DNA!  He was and always would be a fighter, to the last.
He finally decided how he would test out his powers.  He wouldn’t aim it at anyone in particular, he would go down to the warehouse district and find himself an old building to see if he could light it up. The idea aroused him in a purely excited catatonic way, he became someone else as he witnessed any kind of burning, it partook of his very essence, his innermost core. He packed the few things he needed, relishing the thoughts of the nights festivities. The icing on the cake would be if he could actually share this with another, it would make it all complete. 
As he strolled into the night he thought of his past relationships. He had tried to have a girlfriend, but he couldn’t see the point, they sucked the little bit of information he was willing to dish out then cried when he had nothing left to share.  Who wanted to hear about the poor little abused boy whose mam was a crack whore, wasn’t it the new Sunday Night Movie?  Anyway, the story was old and he was tired of pity. All he needed was a good fuck every once in awhile to keep his mojo going and he could handle the rest all by himself.
It was a beautiful night not a breeze in the air, a fire tonight shouldn’t cause too much damage to any other buildings nearby. As he got closer to his destination he surveyed the different prospects, deciding which would give him the best bang for his buck.
-----*****-----
Selah and Daniel once again pricked a pin hole in the veil to cross over into the material world.  She had changed their appearances before crossing over. She hoped everyone was home so she could have a bit of down time, not too long but some. She had opened the hole in her bedroom this time, no wanting to cause too much of a stir downstairs. As they entered her room they returned to their normal state once more. Selah happily looked in her mirror and for a second pretended all was as it used to be. 
She knew it was a child’s game, to pretend in such a way, but found it oddly comforting.  The memories of her happy home life in the house engulfing her. She smiled as the fond memories flooded her, tears sprang from her eyes, “how about we don’t announce ourselves for awhile and do some research?”
“That a great idea, I’m afraid if you see your family you won’t want to do any work afterwards.”
“You have me figured out, this home coming is too nostalgic for me.” Selah sighed suddenly.
She walked over to her laptop and opened it up, and googling strange events in North America, she made the timeline down to the last twenty-four hours, as the pages popped up.  They had their work cut out for them tonight, the pages were endless. “Too bad we can’t condense these a bit, or even had another computer to search on. I have my laptop but it’s at home.”  Daniel was growing frustrated as he looked at all the information on the screen.
As the time passed and the came across so many different types of strange occurrences they narrowed their search to anything to do with fire. The search improved dramatically, as they continued. As the hours ticked away Selah was getting a stiff neck from being bent over the screen, she checked her clock it was seven-thirty, still early in the evening they had began around two o'clock, looking through the news. They had found a few stories that had peaked their interest and were quite probable for Zach, not knowing where he was from was proving to be a bigger problem than they imagined. 
The first story was of a apartment building catching on fire in Arizona, luckily all the tenants had gotten out, it seemed it was the same time frame as when they had felt the surge of power. And they was still no known cause for what had started the fire there was no direct heat source they could pin point it to.
The second was a forest fire that had started around the same time as the surge and still burned in Colorado. But there was speculations that some teenagers had had a party and not been careful.
There was a weird one in San José, about a man in his thirties and his arm had spontaneously caught on fire and burnt to a cinder. “I don’t think this one fits, Daniel.”
“I don’t know his arm just caught on fire just like that, that’s strange. According to witnesses he was just talking with his girlfriend and then bam, he was screaming.”
“But do you think Zach would do that to someone I mean come on!”
“Selah, we don’t know Zach at all, he could be capable of all kind of things.”
“Maybe, but I don’t think that’s him.” She had the strangest feeling come over her, as if it just wasn’t possible for that to be him.
“You have to keep an open mind, regardless Selah, all that abuse makes people think different than you and I”, he wished she would take her blinders off sometimes and was a bit more practical.  He rubbed his neck and reached over and began rubbing Selah’s too, she moaned with the sudden release of pressure building in between her shoulder blades.
“Thanks, that feel marvelous, don’t stop any time soon.”
‘Ok, sweet pea, I’ll rub you for a bit longer, I have to say your bed looks rather inviting, don’t you agree.” His eyes wandering to her bed while his hands dropped past her shoulders to underneath her arms ready to encircle her rounded breast.
Selah's breath caught in her throat as his slight touch awakened a simmering fire inside her most deepest of places. She turned her head to look at him, touching his jawline ever so slightly with the tip of her finger.
Daniel caught her fingers bringing them to his lips, kissing them gently, then bent down, wanting the feel of her lips against his. “I think we deserve a break, don’t you?”
“Umm, yeah, we need...” Selah never had the chance to finish her sentence as his lips devoured hers in his crushing need to posses her, within seconds she found herself laying on her bed, the pain in her neck and back, comforted by her mattress and Daniel’s weight on top of her. She wrapped herself around him, without even another thought she enveloped them both in a shield of spirit, so they wouldn’t be disturbed for awhile.
-----*****-----
Thomas had been driving home from the library, he couldn’t stop his habit of going by Selah’s house every day.  He hadn’t been able to shake the feeling that something wasn’t right. How could she just go to Europe or wherever and not bother to tell him or call, there was such a thing as the internet, she could keep in touch. So when he went by and saw the light on in her bedroom and what resembled a shadow of her silhouette against the wall he slammed the breaks of the car and put it in reverse. That had to be her, and he would get to the bottom of this farce right now.
Thomas marched up to the front door and knocked.  Peter answered almost immediately. “Hi, Mr. Jones, I saw Selah was home and I was wondering if I could see her.” He had a smug expression on his face, knowing he was gonna blow the whole thing up in her face. Not talking to him and all this crap, she was probably with Daniel, she could be pregnant or something! He figured that was why they were hiding her. This had gone to far, he had to know the truth.
Peter was surprised to see Thomas here again. He had been adamant at first that Selah wasn’t in Europe on a foreign exchange program, and he had thought Jacob had finally convinced him of it a while back. So seeing him on the front stoop that night took him by surprise, “Selah isn’t home Thomas, she’s in Europe we already told you.” He wanted to wring the boys neck suddenly. He missed Selah something awful he didn’t need this boy reminding him of it.
Thomas wasn’t taking no for an answer this time, ‘I saw her, she’s in her room Mr. Jones, and I’m not leaving till I talk with her!” Thomas pushed his way through Peter and headed for the stairs, not listening to Peter’s pleas to stop.
As Thomas took the stairs two at a time, Jacob rose from the couch, “What’s going on, dad?”
“This damn fool thinks Selah is in her bedroom!” Peter growled. “Says he saw her light on, saw her.” He was frustrated with himself and the boy for his stupidity, as he followed Thomas upstairs.
As Thomas reached Selah's room he opened the door and went to go in and then was blasted back as he came head first with Selah’s shield.  He passed out cold. Peter found him that way a few seconds later. “What the hell happened to him? Jacob, come here!” he screamed.
Jake, surprised at Peter’s sudden screams for him to help out, ran to see what was going on. When he saw Thomas sprawled out on the floor he looked into Selah’s room.  He could see his own reflection looking back at him, mirror like. “Dad something is blocking the door, do you see that?”
Peter instantly saw what Jake was looking at, his reflection, was she home?  Had she done something to her room? “That must of knocked him out cold when he hit it, I hope he’s alright.” He looked inside as much as he could.  He saw nothing out of the ordinary , except when he moved his head really fast it all seemed to ripple around him as if it wasn’t stable “Selah are you in there?”
Selah had felt the pressure on the shield the minute Thomas had hit, she had been contemplating what she should do. Daniel had proceeded to slowly get dressed and sat down next to her on the bed. “Why don’t we just tell him all of it, he’s here now,” Daniel reached down and pulled on his socks.  As Selah dressed quickly he sneaked a peek of all her deliciousness. Damn good thing for that shield, they would of seen a little too much. He wanted to bust a gut laughing at the awkwardness, but knew Selah was distraught and wouldn’t appreciate his humour. So he just smiled wide and waited for the ball to drop, “your dad’s gonna be happy to see us, Jake too by the  looks.” He could see Thomas beginning to come around.  He had felt the force of Selah’s shield before, he was going to have a headache for a least a week, poor sap.
“Selah are you in there?” the desperation in Peter’s voice was growing apparent. Selah made the quick decision to explain the basics to Thomas, and make him do research for them.  Yes, there had to be a reason he had shown up out of the blue. She prepared for the onslaught and let the shield down, untying the weave.
As Peter saw his daughter’s shape come into view and Daniel beside her, he forgot about Thomas and embraced his daughter as tears of joy came to his eyes, “Why didn’t you come downstairs, tell us you were home?  Boy have we missed you!”
Jake walked over to Daniel and hugged him tight, “Man you're a sight for sore eyes! Did you cream Mr. Potato Head over there?”
Daniel finally let his laughter out he had missed this little guy, “Good one! Nope that was ur sister’s doing!” As Thomas groaned and rolled over, clutching his head. “He’ll be fine in a bit, too bad eh.” He laughed some more, “so how you doing sport, breaking all my records in hockey yet?” he tousled Jake’s hair playfully.
Selah hugged her dad back, not wanting to let go, “Sorry we were doing some research on the net and we were gonna come down soon but were afraid when we saw you, we wouldn’t want to do anything else but visit.” She held on to her dad hand, and glanced down at Thomas.
“What is he doing here?” feigning ignorance of him.
“He barged right in, said he saw you in here, wasn’t taking no for an answer, Selah he never believed you were gone to Europe for a foreign exchange thing, he always questioned it, are you gonna tell him the truth?”
“I guess I have to tell him something, I kinda fried his head with my shield, he’ll be awake soon.”
No sooner had the words gone from her mouth, Thomas opened his eyes, rolling and moaning pain. “What the hell happened, holy fuck, my head hurts, ahh” he closed his eyes again. As he rolled he was facing Selah, he managed a small smile “I knew it was you, Daniel didn’t have to hit me so hard, did he?”
Selah realized she had her way out right then and there, but she needed Thomas, the more she thought about it she needed someone to do research for them here, someone knowledgeable on all sorts of things, and who better?
She knelt down besides him, “Hey buddy, sorry bout your head,” she pushed the hair out of his eyes. “I hear you missed me, that’s so cute, but you might regret that after I’m done with ya.” She pulled him up by the elbow, helping him stand, infusing him with a tiny thread of healing spirit. Thomas’s eyes opened wide at the shock of ice cold water running through his veins, he pulled back, “Holy Hannah, what are you doing to me?” his teeth shivered suddenly.
“Is your head better now?” Selah asked him sweetly.
“Yes, wow it feels amazing suddenly, clear as can be.” He looked at her through new eyes. “How did you do that? What’s going on here anyway? And where have you been all this time?” Thomas couldn’t get the questions out fast enough.
“Slow down, I’ll explain everything ok, you might want to sit down for it though.” She headed downstairs still holding her dad’s hand. She quickly hugged Jake as she passed him by. “Missed you kiddo.”
Thomas rose with hesitation, his head had been killing him a second ago, and there was definitely something different with Selah. What had she gotten herself into, he could hardly remember what had happened when he tried to enter her room, it seemed to be erased from his memory. He looked at Daniel and awkwardly headed down the stairs, not sure if he was ready for the explanation she was about to give him, he had a strange feeling he wasn’t gonna like it.


Chapter 7/ Convince me

As Selah explained how she had torn the veil and gone into the void in her full physical form, proved to Thomas that she had lost a marble or two, she was talking nonsense. Crossing over into another world! Shit, they must be on drugs, he just couldn’t believe she had her dad and brother believing all this crap. He looked at Selah as she continued to talk examining her pupils looking for any tell tale signs of drug use. She had short sleeves on he didn’t see any tracks from heroine use. 
Daniel watched Thomas’s expressions and knew they were fighting a losing battle trying to convince him on anything. He looked at Selah sending her a clear message of his thoughts, they would have to be slightly a bit more drastic with this doubting Thomas. Selah turned and looked at him smiling widely, the message she sent back to him made his lips curl into a sly grin. 
Selah continued to try to persuade Thomas.  To her surprise even Jake tried his hand in convincing him. Even going into detail on Selah’s wings and how her hair was really made of silver strands. All the while Thomas' face took on a more and more monotonous look as if they were all aliens, newly landed. Finally he just put his hands up stilling the conversation, “Ok, that’s enough already why don’t you just tell me the truth. Selah are you pregnant? Is that the reason you and Daniel took off, I know you don’t look it, but it’s still early and maybe your not showing yet.” He was so serious as he went on in his more than normal explanation of the whole situation.
Selah glance at her dad then at Jake and Daniel, she just couldn’t help herself she just cracked up, pregnant, while maybe she could be but really he rather believe she was knocked up! As she began laughing the rest did also, the tension in the room seemed to slide off them. All except Thomas.  His face was turning a lovely shade of purple, he was clearly pissed. “What's so damned funny, anyways! Did I miss something?” he clenched his hands into fist. “You tell me some cockamamie story about portals and crap, and because I think you preggo I turn into a laughing stock, your all freaks, freaks I tell ya!”
Selah touched him once more on the shoulder bringing his emotions in check calming him with another trickle of spirit, he instantly calmed, as he turned to look at her, he had felt it, this time he hadn’t been semi conscious. “What did you just do, it was like you poured ice water, but inside my freaking head somehow.” 
Daniel put his hands on Selah’s shoulders “Tell him how we can communicate now, we can prove it to him, I’ll leave the room then I’ll repeat everything you just told him. It worth a try, don’t you think”
“Actually Daniel and I have a very special bond now he’s my guard, and am his angel, he’s my physical strength against any attack, he can feel and hear all my thought now we can speak telepathically. Watch I’ll show you.” She glanced at Daniel motioning for him to go into the other room. 
“So what’s been going on at school, lately?” she spoke low so he didn’t think Daniel was in the other room listening to the answers. “And don’t leave anything out.”
Thomas eyed her wearily before he began answering, “Mia is single again, she’s really worried about you too, you totally cut her off as well,” he had been glad he wasn’t the only one she had neglected. “We all think you are preggo, he put his hand up, what other explanation makes sense you never talked about being an exchange student, wanting to see France or something, besides your phone isn’t even working, if you were in France you could still talk. So the consensus is that you held up in some catholic nuns place like in the olden days waiting to have your baby to give up for adoption, and well they don’t have no Wi-Fi service in the mountains right! So it all makes perfect sense, or at least I thought until you started busting a gut when I first mentioned it.”
Selah could picture them all at the lunch tables talking about her mysterious disappearance, and their makeshift conclusions to her whereabouts. She supposed it made some weird sense, he would have to keep feeding the story at school so they actually believed it. “Ok sorry I laughed at you, I see how you thought it now, when you go back you can tell them it’s true, I confirmed it.”
Peter who hadn’t said a word up until now, waved his hands in protest, “Whoa now, hold on just a minute there’s no need to ruin you reputation with a down right lie, you being away as an exchange student is the story and that’s the one we are sticking with.”
Selah shrugged her shoulders at Thomas it truly didn’t make any difference to her, either way, she had way bigger troubles, which made her furrow her brows in consternation. She had to get this done make Thomas see the truth and get him to help them, research things here on earth, maybe they could find Zach all the faster. “ It really doesn’t matter to me, but to keep dad happy stick with the exchange story, tell everyone I contacted you and things are great in France and I love it, not pregnant and I stopped using my phone it so not ‘trés chic’ in Paris.” She used her fingers to make the exclamation marks around the french words. “Fair enough” she signaled for Daniel to come back in the had to stop messing around with Thomas.
Daniel entered and looked at Thomas, “So everyone thinks Selah is preggo and living in a convent in the mountains, cause she hasn’t called anyone... that’s rich, who was the brains behind that little bit of geniuses? Peter wants to keep Selah reputation pure, and I’m in total agreement with this, good one Pete! So she is stationed in France loving it but ditching the cell phone because as you said it is so not ‘trés chic’ , and that’s that, so you believe we can read each others mind,?” Daniel asked sweetly after he had finished putting his exclamation marks up with his fingers to prove his point.
Thomas wasn’t any more convinced that he had been at the beginning, so he had over heard what he had said, big deal! His facial expression told the rest, Daniel lifted his shoulders in exasperation.
Selah was tired of playing, she looked at Daniel “We tried we have to go, why don’t you go reopen the portal, I am gonna say our goodbyes.”
“Sorry Peter we have to go, it been a blast seeing you and Jake, Thomas buddy we can’t make you believe if you don’t want to, and it’s too bad, cause we really could of used your help. But it’s ok man not everyone has it in them to believe, right? Take care, though, and look after Jake here.” He ruffled Jake’s hair as he went by then pulled him in for a hug. 
Peter grabbed him by the arm pulled him in close “Remember take care of my girl, I miss you two.”
Thomas couldn’t believe they were just gonna take off giving up on an explanation, except that silly crap about being an angel, “What did you want help with?”
Selah looked deep into his eyes he was a good guy, “We needed someone to do research we have limited time to find some people, other angels actually, and there’s certain signs we are looking for. That’s what we were doing, and there’s no internet where we are.”
“No internet?” now it was his turn to laugh.
“Sorry Thomas I don’t have any more time to explain, we have to go now.” Daniel instead of going out the front door had headed back to Selah’s room. She turned to follow him.
“Where are you going I thought you had to leave?” he got up doubting for the first time in what he truly believed in.  “How are you gonna leave from upstairs?”
“Why don’t you come see, maybe if you see you will finally believe.”
As Selah entered her bedroom Daniel already had begun stretching the portal open, she turned to face Thomas knowing he was directly behind her. “We need help to trace any conspicuous fires, it doesn’t matter which state, he’s African American I would say though, his power is fire and he’s getting stronger and we believe he is now using it in the world outside the void.”
“So fires you say, how big?” 
“It’s not the size, it’s the unusual way it began with no accelerant’s found. He doesn’t need any, he can produce it instantaneously.” 
“Ok, I’ll see what I can do.” He hadn’t seen the hole Daniel was making with the portal yet, Selah was in front of his view. As she turned to give him a good look his mouth dropped open, as a few wandering spirits had been propelled to the small beam of light the pin had left in the void. They were wandering trying to  get pass Daniel.
Selah reacted without thinking and wove threads of spirit making an invisible wall so they wouldn’t be able to cross over while they were re-entering the void. They continued to try to claw their way through the wall, unaware of the barrier Selah had put up, they had a one track mind to get to the other side.
“Are they dead, Selah?” Thomas had turned a deathly shade of pale, as he watched the movement across the veil.
“Yes, Thomas where we go, we are the only ones  with a physical body, all else are spirits.”
“You seriously weren’t kidding then, I mean holy crap, I can see through those people.” He was shivering with fear.
“It’s alright Thomas, don’t be afraid of them they're harmless, there are some that aren’t but they are easily different than the others and they emit a sulfurous odor. These guys are just wanting to get back to actually see loved ones, you always have that pull to be with your soul family, even after death.”
Daniel looked at her “We have to go I can’t hold this open for much longer.”
“OK, just one more sec, I’m gonna close this with him.”
“So Thomas are you with us, we can’t keep coming back to get answers, I’m going to come see you in your dreams, or if you need to tell me something, meditate. And once you completely relaxed say my name in your thoughts, picturing I am there with you besides you, and ask for me to come to your side. I will do what I can to be there, ok.”
“Meditate, and imagine and you’ll be there?” Thomas was almost speechless, “Anytime?”
“Only if you find something, we will be working here to find him, if I don’t come right away don’t despair, send the message as if I’m there and I will come to you in your dreams afterwards, I just have to see one thing.” She touched his forehead where his third eye was located, she could see it there behind his eyes, his unique spark or color, his aura the colors of his soul. She trickled a piece of her spirit so she could easily locate him in a hurry.
“Thank you Thomas, you don’t know how much this means for us. If we have anymore info I will let you know, you will hear my voice telepathically so don’t freak out when you do.”
As she went pass Daniel she instantly let her true form come to be as she let her wings out she felt the freedom envelope her as they stretched out. She turned her silver hair shining like a beam of light, it’s own sun. She looked back at Thomas he had fell to his knees before them, Daniel had changed in his true form also. She had to admit they looked quite menacing to the normal layman.
“I’m sorry I had to see to believe, I will do everything I can, I promise.” The tears were pouring from his eyes, he felt ashamed suddenly she was the most beautiful sight he had ever laid his eyes on, and Daniel was majestic.  He shivered with the fear that filled his soul upon looking at him, his weapons were just hanging at his side.
“Thanks buddy, I knew you had it in ya, we just had to dig a little deep that’s all.”
As they slowly closed the portal holding open the veil, Thomas saw that the scenery in there was exactly the same as in here, except for the coloring it seemed washed out except where they were, the colors were as bright as any he had ever seen. It was a parallel, an exact duplicate of this world. He had so many questions now he had so much research to do, he set his chin. He was determined to find some answers he had a new purpose now, he wouldn’t rest until he fulfilled his promise.
-----*****-----
It had been quite a few years since they had all gathered for a meeting, it has taken Omael by surprise and out of all the angels present he had much more patience than most. He had felt the rising of Selah and frankly it had been long overdue in his mind. He had thought it would happen a few decades ago in her previous life. He didn’t know what the fuss was all about, they all knew this was coming; had known since the beginning of time. They had all had the chance to volunteer for this task, none had wanted it. The angels that had chosen it had known the suffering they would have to endure. The constant deaths and rebirths all for the experience, from where Omael was it seemed all for naught. He loved to watch something enfold over a long period of time, years even, for it to come to fruition, humans had so little time they could not afford to dally. Time was precious to them. So what, they had a physical body, here in the void they had paid the price in his book.
“We have to deter their progress,” Sitael mumbled, he was afraid they would choose to usurp him in the final hours. Among them all he could be the most useful to them now, he knew where to find Zachariah, his power was also fire. And he had been watching him for quite some time. But if they didn’t ask it was not for Sitael to volunteer any information. Although it could help his cause with them he turned his thoughts inwardly, suddenly, he wanted to have fun with them though. He could somehow help and hinder at the same time, when all you had was time on your hands one had to find interesting ways to entertain oneself.
Cahethel was aggravated, they had pulled him from a good hunt, he had sown all the seed he wanted and didn’t need all this drama.  He remembered why they hadn’t had a gathering in so long, he was a bit excited Selah had finally began this part of their journey.  He had wondered in the back of his mind for quite awhile now, they had worked hard for what they were about to accomplish. He had great respect for earning ones keep as they had done. Selah had been a favourite and the creator had been sadly disappointed to lose her for so long. It was not for him to mess with a reunion so long awaited. He went towards the back of the room, quietly biding his time to depart.
It had been Lauviah that had called this meeting to be, the jealousy of their rising boiling raw its reserve. It wasn’t supposed to actually come to pass, they had never come this far in thousands of years Lauviah didn’t like having to worry now about the safety of its power. He liked to be part of making one renown, not to have them do it all on their own. It gave him no sense of accomplishment. He had an agenda to follow as he scanned the room at all present, there were a few he could bring into his fold. Others he had invited for decorum to follow what was expected, he had to call them all, he could tell already who was agitated. This would be interesting for sure, how many cared about their positions on the council?
“I have gathered you all here as the time is now, the chosen have began their rising.” Lauviah announced, its voice rising with heavy undertones. “We have become lax in our comforts, it has been a very long time since the beginning, we have all had our sport in our own way, we have conquered and consumed our passions.” The majority of onlookers were looking bored, but a few had eyebrows raises in interest. Lauviah took mental notes as he continued.
“The face of humanity is going to change with new possibilities once again coming to light as the age of materialism comes to pass and spirituality comes to be. We will once again have more dominion with the humans as they will search for hope and call on us once more. We have the choice to help or hinder as we see fit as before, but we are also endangered to be cast out of favourability with the great one as he will of course take her side. The favorite is home at last.”
“They will be choosing alongside the creator the new council when the world is reforged, the question is how many of us will remain as we are?” The conversations began buzzing amongst them now, they were all at risk, had they truly forgotten this?” It was good to be reminded of the past at times, to remember and learn, it was not good to be complacent.
“So, what do you propose Lauviah?” asked Iezalel  “How do we protect positions?”
 “We must help them in their quest to find the others,” Jeliel answered automatically unknown for ever backing down from helping another, love his foremost power.
“We must not help them, unless they ask of course” the snicker came from Mahasiah he had grown as lazy as his followers. He enjoyed when the humans did nothing to improve their situations and settled for mediocre. 
“They are not humans, they are angels just like us, they need not permission for our help, they are blood and that takes precedence over all.” Sitael was weary of this outcome, “they need hope above all else!  If they fail there will be no humans to have under us, and what then? How many of you are prepared for that outcome?”
‘It will never come to that, the creator will never allow that to happen.” Elemiah sighed, this was so taxing.
“Listen to all of you, some are for plundering other for reuniting like a silly love story, this is what I propose we do, it is for all our sakes,” Lauviah continued, even Cahethel stood erect suddenly his interest peaked, this could be interesting to say the least and it had been a long time since they has had an opportunity for this much excitement.


Chapter 8/ Drawn, like a moth to a flame

Zach had had fun all night lighting fires in the abandoned warehouse.  He had decided to go inside and try his luck with old scraps of broken pallets he found lying about. It was exactly as if he was in the void. He could just imagine what he wanted and it came to be. As if he drew it out of thin air. It was tiring for him though, just like in the void. It seemed to take more energy than physical labor did, he walked half way home, then decided to take the bus the remainder of the way, that was how bone weary he truly felt. He just wanted to sleep, and he crouched down in the seat of the bus putting his hoodie up and could feel himself almost starting to drift off, no sooner had the bus taken off that he found himself in the void. 
The scene was off, this wasn’t where he usually went, but he never went to sleep this early, he found himself in a jungle of sorts, the trees were huge and the landscape was otherwise barren. It didn’t look like good farm land the soil was bone dry, the wind causing the dirt to fly into his eyes making them water. He could hear  a strange sound and rhythmic tapping.  It would come evenly every few seconds or so. He decided to follow the sound, as he went around the huge tree, before him he saw him for the first time, a young boy, straggly looking, with hair shorn like a sheep. With clothes that hung off him a few sizes too big, he couldn’t actually see his face, but saw that he was barefoot and had a animalistic grace with the way he stood. He was throwing knives at the tree, upon closer inspection Zach could see a target had been painted upon it. All the knives hit dead centre every time, one a sliver from the other. Impressive to say the least, but where were the knives coming from? Zach couldn’t see where he hide them, he was just about to whistle and say something when the boy turned quickly when he heard all the sounds Zach was making. 
As quick as lightning the boy turned looking Zach full in the eyes with a look of disbelief, with eyes as green as emeralds. Then in a flash he disappeared not a trace or remnant of a trail was left from the path he had taken. Zach was completely confounded, who had he been and why had  Zach been drawn to him. The second he had met his glance he had felt a strong kinship, a bond of sorts to this boy. This intrigued  him, he had never felt anything like that before, he wanted to know who the boy was, and what he meant for him. It felt almost like he had found a piece of himself, a missing part and all this he saw in a moment in one look of those emerald green eyes.
The bus lurch around a corner bringing Zach once again to a conscious state, he found himself reliving the encountered over and over in his mind, seeing the knives in slow motion, trying to recapture every second to see if he had missed something or other, where had he found him? Who was he? Could he find him again? And last but not least why did he seem so familiar to him as if they knew one another?
The remainder of the way home Zach was wide awake his temporary trip to the void having vanquished his fatigue, and when he was close enough to his home to get off the bus, he rose to step off and his legs almost gave way under him, they were like jelly, his unsteadiness surprised him. He held onto the seats as he made his way out. A young girl smiled at him probably thinking he was high or drunk. The cool night air revived him a bit, well enough to stumble his way home, when he streamed through the door he crashed on the awaiting bed. His vision blurred as he lost consciousness, still thinking of emerald eyes
-----*****-----
Anaya jumped as fast as she could, how in god’s name had he found her. That was just sweet! And no part of the plan, she was supposed to protect him and now he had found her. Her usually controlled anger rose, she felt exposed. She had always been the one to hold all the cards, watching him. He hadn’t changed much still the same face as always, he seemed to have a faint look of recognition for a split second. That made her smile, he had always been such a joker in other lives he had the best laugh, deep from his very being, she hoped he still had that. 
Things were so different for her here, so much suffering she didn’t know what kind of relationship they could have this time, she was so scarred now. She had difficulty sharing with people, trust was a major problem for her now. She had been scared when she first turned and saw him not realizing it was him until right before she jumped. She had come very close to throwing her last knife, thank goodness she had thought before she acted because she would have got him right between the eyes, her favorite place to aim. And then she would have been screwed, “Oh so sorry Gabriel, I know I’m supposed to watch over him, but he surprise me ya know and instincts took over!”  She could picture the huge looming form of the angel’s face as she tried to explain that one to him. He had been the one to recruit her, she would never forget that day.
The tears had fallen from her eyes on more days than not. She was a mere seven years old and had suffered more than some people did in an entire lifetime.  She had been downcast for so long, just living with the lost her parents, then to be gang raped and beaten, and stabbed to a inch of her life, left for dead all in the same year. Her bibi had tried everything to bring her around but she had lost the hope to live, she spent most her time inside the void the only safe place she had found. Her thoughts consisted of an angelic being coming to save her. Having not called any by name it had been Gabriel’s choice to answer her prayer.
She had been sitting next to a beautiful waterfall when he had found her, he was the most beautiful thing she had ever seen. He was easily seven feet tall and he had a pristine white robe edged in pure gold and when he enfolded his wings they were as golden as the sun, and seemed as soft as a cloud. He had wrapped them around her small shivering form and she had stilled, her whole being had been filled with a sense of determination and purpose as she never had been before. All the pain and hurt of the past year had been lifted from her soul. He had told her about Zach and the other angels, and how she would have to be strong and learn to fight. Her struggles were not over but that he would stand beside her and guide her along which path to choose from that day forth. She was not to despair again.
 She told no-one of her visit fearing disbelief would crush her new vision. Bibi was amazed at her recovery, and when she passed on less than a year later, she died reassured in the utmost way that her Anaya could persevere over anything. On her death bed she promised Anaya she would always watch over her from heaven. And on occasions when Anaya felt the need to let things out she talked with her, she closed her eyes remembering what her hair was like when she was younger, long and beautiful and felt her running a comb through her hair so gentle with each stroke she had been. She would let her tears flow and confess all her crimes to her grandmother. Letting the guilt of the deaths wash over her, relinquishing her pain once more. Thanks to Gabriel she had learn the power of release, without it she could not move forward and she would not grow, the future lay in the moment. None could be found in the tears of yesterday, she could always remember, while she forgave herself for her moments of humanity.
She was startled once more that day at her visitor, she had never called him but still she knelt before him. This was one to never run from. Breathtakingly beautiful, she was always at a lost for words when he was before her. There was something she couldn’t describe making her skin crawl with his arrival, never before had she felt it.
 As she was still before him she heard, “Rise, my child, I don’t deserve such an honor.”
“Yes, I believe you do.” She prostrated herself before him trying to show the greatest of respect. The glint of the sun made his wings shimmer with light
“I have come with instructions for your charge, you are not to meet with him unless I tell you.” The large form of the angel loomed before the small girl. 
“He found me tonight.” She peeked up at him through her lashes.”
“He what? How?” the anger obvious in the booming of the voice.
“I don’t know perhaps it is like you said when I found him, it is the law of attraction at work, we are being pulled to one another out of necessity.”
“Yes, well do not fraternize with him until I say you are ready,” Gabriel clenched his hands into fists.
Anaya was surprised at his anger she had never witnessed it before, it left her feeling uneasy for the first time with him. She tried to remember his wings around her comforting her, for some strange reason she could not picture this angel before her succumbing to such a lowly thing. She swallowed the rise of bile in her throat, “Yes”
‘I will come see you when it is time, not before. Do not let any other deceive you.”
“I will be strong as always, I am ready I have trained hard, I am not afraid.”
“You are foolish child, all humans fear.”
Anaya felt her anger begin to rise, how could all he had said before be all taken away with these few words, she was so confused. All he had represented for her until now was in question, she should be humble though, meek. There was a time and a place for her anger this was not it. “As you say”
“Good, keep training I will be in touch.”
Anaya had always been the one to call upon Gabriel after that first initial visit he had only once visited her without her requesting it and it had been to bring her through the large bronze doors so she could  learn her true destiny, as a guard. And never had she had such a forceful visit, she was left feeling ripped open examined from the inside out. It took a long time for her to shake the feeling of negativity. She tried to trust her head, but her heart kept deceiving her.
As soon as he left the girl Sitael removed the mask of Gabriel and shook the cover off his wings as they rose as black as the night with only the very tips dipped in a faded white. Looking like the saintly archangel was enough to razzle him even for just a short time. 
 Sitael would make sure the girl didn’t help them in their journey. He knew she was the key to their success.  She was just a slip of a thing but he had sensed tremendous power coming through her. She didn’t have fear, it irked him, it was one thing to feel it but to have her say it and mean it, well, that was just a bit much for this mere mortal. He would change that if he had any say in the matter, and knowing him this was just the beginning of their journey together.
-----*****-----
Selah and Daniel were once again in the garden as Selah felt Zach once more.  She had put a little bit of herself into the last nightmare of his and instantly went to him as she felt the pull of his dream. He was in a different dream than she had seen the last few times she had been with him. This time they were alone and by the looks Zach was older than she remembered still a teenager, she thought around thirteen-fourteenish, she wasn’t sure. And he was much bigger than before as though he had been working out or something, he had arms the size of a blacksmith. He was quite muscular for his age, she almost didn’t recognise him at first.
He hadn’t seen her yet, she was across the room as he lingered in the hallway of what looked like a factory of sorts. There were machines with long arms, it looked like an assembly line for something. Selah wasn’t very mechanically inclined, so she wasn’t sure where she was, she looked for any signs to give her a idea of the location. She found nothing which might give her a clue. He seemed to be waiting for someone, Selah wondered who, she suddenly saw a petite woman come out.  Selah could see see had been pretty at one time, but looked haggard now, her hair was unkempt and dirty. She lit a cigarette upon reaching where Zach was “Did you get it boy?’
“I got some, you didn’t give me that much money.” He reached in his pocket and pulled out a small package. He had bought some smack for her, the amount not enough to last her the full day.
“Listen here, I’m trying, I’m trying real hard, I'm working and it’s not on my back.  The least you could do is get me some good smack, I’m doing good by you.” Her expression revealed her lack of sincerity toward her only child. She had always been totally oblivious toward anything but herself. “How bout you go on down home and see if he got some more money he wants some too ya know he gotta pay his share, you’ll see.”
Zach wanted to cringe inside knowing he had to go see him, the thought filled him with loathing. Regardless of how badly that man had treated him she had never taken his side in anything, he wondered why he cared about this woman at all. If he was honest; she was a blood sucking leach, and that was on a good day. “This should do ya for today, he can worry about himself.”
“Now don’t you go being all selfish like on me, you do as you're told boy.” She pushed her hair back from her face trying to make herself more presentable suddenly, as if it mattered any. She flicked her cigarette on the floor, inhaling another drag slowly, her hands shook from her lack of a fix. “Well are ya going? He ain’t gonna be there all day.”
Zach felt the urge to punch her straight in the face, he had been feeling this way for quite some time now. He supposed one could only take so much abuse before it built up into a volcano of pain. It didn’t matter though, she would never notice, the only thing that got her attention was when she was shorted on her supply. “Yeah, I’m heading out now... what time is your shift done?”
She had surprised him by suddenly stopping the prostitution, as if his stepfather was worth it. She hadn’t done it for Zach, oh she let on as if it was for him. But Zach remembered the beating she had gotten when Jack had tired of her escapades of being out for three days straight with the same john. He hadn’t liked that too much and had made sure she knew it.
Selah watched the conversation enfold before her, the woman was petite but was obviously his mother and by the looks of it he had had a shipwreck of a childhood with the likes of her. Selah wondered if he had seen her, his dreams were so true to life they were just as if they were truly happening, the lines between his reality and dreams were almost one and the same. She watched quietly, hoping she would be able to follow him if he left in a hurry.
Zach reluctantly left the building skimming straight away to his house, he did this every night from memory is was now automatic for him. He was so into his routine he never noticed the tail following him, he was on a mission, and that’s all he saw.  He had tunnel vision when he was in the thick of it.
As he entered the house, the familiarity of the situation settled on him like morning dew. He knew the play by play. Could almost taste the anticipation of the next move he would take, this was why he was the way he was. The changing tides that had steered his course in life had been on the episode that ensue on that very day!
 Jack, his mother’s latest flavor, was in the lazy boy sleeping, where he knew he would find him. The remainder of the scene played out for him in slow motion.  He had relived it so many times. Jack’s opened his eyes hearing Zach enter “What cha doing here boy? I wasn’t expecting no company, did ya think you could just sneak in her and steal from me?”
“She asked me to come, needs more money for her fix said you should pay your share this time.” Zach watched as Jack jumped up from his chair, his anger apparent.
“I ain’t giving you nothing boy, you probably buy some shit for yourself, I ain’t got no money to waste on your sorry ass. I got what you need to give to that bitch. Come here.”
Even though Zach knew what he would do he walked over meekly, ready to take his licks knowing what he would do after. As soon as he smacked him in the head Zach saw red, it happened this way every time without fail. He always somehow thought he could change the outcome but as soon as he got that first hit, something otherworldly took over his body and he lost all grips of control soon after.
Selah watched as the man struck Zach hard across the head, she instantly wanted to intervene but keep her ground and stood at a distance. She could only bear witness to this, not participate. As she saw the expression on Zach’s face change suddenly, she held her breath waiting for what would take place next.
Zach turned towards Jack, the man was big and sluggish from years of laziness. He never saw the first blow coming, Zach was that quick. The blood sprayed the wall from the gash on his cheek, he fell backwards with a look of incredulity at the pain, as he felt his face. “You little bastard, I’m gonna put a world of hurt on your stupid fucking head.”
But Zach gave him no chance to do such a thing, he jumped on him, straddling his chest with his legs and let the blows rain down upon him, over and over. The blood pooling from Jack was growing steadily but Zach never let up, as he pounded on him, his anger consuming him as he finally lost all control. He instead felt every blow given him over the years, by all the different men, they were too numerous to count. He had dreamt of defending himself on numerous occasions and had always seemed the weaker of the two, but not this time. 
His breath was coming so heavily he felt as if he was going to pass out, he was exerting himself so fiercely. Jack’s face looked like ground hamburger meat, he had lost count of how many times he had hit him, he was covered in blood. Jack’s nose was now close to being non- existent! For the first time he felt fear for what he had just done, where had it all come from, he was angry but holy crap, he checked for a pulse, afraid of what he might find. He had to do something, he picked up the phone to call 911. Then hung up, before he dialed the last 1. He began to sweat, Jack's pulse had been very weak, his breathing was messed up too. Zach watched as a huge bubble, colored red, rose from what should be his nostril. It rose and fell until it finally popped, spraying a fine mist of blood.
Zach sat on the floor and watched him, his knuckle’s suddenly began throbbing but he ignored the pain, he thought of what would happen if he woke, of all the pain he had caused all these years, Jack’s body began to twitch and jerk as if he was having a spasm of sorts. Zach let his anger slide off, he would watch him die, it seemed a fitting end. 
He knew he would have to disappear afterwards, but he was fine with that, it was time. He could make it alone, had for years now he was the one that kept Jack and his mother alive and made sure they ate occasionally when they came down off their highs. They didn’t care about him, and it showed. He felt no remorse for killing Jack just relieved, lighter suddenly, as if he was free. Jack hadn’t taken a breath in a few minutes now, Zach checked to be sure, then went in the grimy bathroom to wash up his hands. He would call 911 right before he left, his mother didn’t need to see this mess when she got home. It would be the last kindness he gave her, she didn’t deserve it, that was sure but he was feeling generous.
He packed his few meagre belongings into a nap sack grabbed the one thing that meant anything to him at all. A small pendant of the Arch Angel Michael. He had worn it for a long time and had removed it for the first time last night. He wondered suddenly if the events of the day had anything to do with his missing talisman.
As he called 911 and told the operated he had found a dead body at the address he knew he would never return to. He didn’t even bother to turn back once, the place meaning as little to him as the people inside, he was numb to them now and it had been a long time coming.
Selah stepped out of the shadows and saw the mangled body on the floor, there was so much blood every where. She was consumed with what lay before her, thoughts of following Zach temporarily forgotten. She looked at the man in front of her, it barely resembled anything human. As she watched Zach swing away she imagined all the years of pain that had led him to such violence. But now looking at the remains of the man she was having difficulty mustering up compassion for Zach, he had been like a monster in his rage, she had a taste of bile in her mouth. How could she convince him he was good if she didn’t know if she believed it herself? In that moment she didn’t know what he was or even could be?


Chapter 9/ Seek and Ye shall find

Thomas had been at the computer for the last few days, he had followed a few leads regarding possible candidates for Selah's next angel Zach, the strongest pointing to either Texas or California, there had been some questionable things happening at both. Selah had managed to keep her promise and came to see him in his dreams.  He knew this because he would wake soon after and write down what she told him to look for.
He had went back to school saying how he had talked with Selah as she had been home for a quick visit, everyone had bought the story except for Mia, she was having trouble believing Selah would abandon her after having renewed their friendship so recently. He wished she had seen what he had, then he could actually talk to her about the whole situation. He knew this was just the tip of a much greater iceberg. Happy to have a part in it and knowing it was very early in its evolvement. He had cast his eyes on the worldwide picture of new disasters wondering how this new development was affecting other things. 
He should have not been surprised to find the greatest change right here in Glendale, the hospital was showing signs of huge enrolments in the mental health clinic. Upon closer inspection, he saw there were many cases stating they had seen and spoken to some of their dearly departed relatives, ghost! It left him with a case of the shivers.  At one time he would have thought these people truly were crazy but now his mind had been blown open to all possibilities so he couldn’t dismiss things so easily.
He would do more investigating before he brought this to Selah’s attention.  He could feel her urgency in the dreams, especially for Zach, she somehow managed to permeate her feelings into him within the dreams. When he awoke, he was left with the remnants of the feelings and they seemed to linger within him for days afterwards. He was growing more and more anxious with each passing day of not being sure where to find the mysterious Zach. He had felt a weird sensation also this last time Selah had entered his dreams, as if something had changed for her.  There was more apprehension towards Zach, as if she was unsure about him, he wondered what had brought this about, but knew better than to ask her.
 The night dwindled away, Thomas hadn’t touched his schoolwork and final exams were coming soon.  He hoped he was exempt from most, he had lost all his interest towards school; it seemed so mundane and frankly useless compared to the scheme of things now. He was very curious to the happenings at the hospital, his gut was telling him to pursue it. He thought he might actually go down there to see if he saw anything out of the ordinary. He didn’t know what to expect, but fear was one thing he seemed to have a lot of lately, and going to the hospital made his heart almost race with it. It was the one time he hoped his instinct were way off.
------*****-----
Adele rocked back and forth in her rocker it had been so nice for her the past few days. How she hated to be alone, but when she awoke the other morning and found Roland laying besides her in the bed, well she never questioned any of it. Her husband of forty-six years was with her again, end of story.
 She had been so lonely since he had died of cancer, honestly he did seem a bit off, not quite the same as before, and she could walk right through him.  But, if she listened real close she could hear him speak to her, he had missed her too. She had been ready to give up, she had had a wonderful life, but had trouble being by herself. With the children all gone away, the phone never rang, except for people looking for some charitable donations and they didn’t want to hear her talk.  They wouldn’t even let you get a word in edgewise. So to say she had thought of little else than joining him in his rest. 
But now that they had a second chance she found herself ravenous, because she had virtually  stopped eating when he was gone, and she was talking up a storm. She had gone to the grocery store and bought his favorite, a nice juicy steak along with all the fixings, he was in his favorite chair watching her. She was even humming his favorite tune she suddenly felt younger, just the knowledge that he was still around was doing her a world of good. She supposed she should of been frightened a bit but this was her Rollie, how could she deny him. He told her how much he loved her, and watched her like when they were first married with passion in his eyes, it filled her heart with hope for her future, she was only eight-three, she still had a few good years left.
As she whistled making the huge supper, she didn’t hear Mabel come in the front door.
“Good lord woman, who's coming for supper?” 
Adele somewhat startled, jumped at the sound of the pitched voice. “Mabel, you scared the wits out of me.” She nervously looked at Roland sitting on his chair. What would she say?
“Well are you gonna answer me?” She looked right at Roland’s chair paying no mind to it. “Last week you barely ate a pea now look at ya, cooking up a storm, what gives?”
“I changed my mind,” Adele nervously rubbed her hands together.
“About what?”
“About dying.” The last word barely above a whisper, she hoped Mabel had heard her so she wouldn’t have to repeat herself, once was enough.
Mabel sat down digesting Adele’s words, unsure of what to answer. She had always been full of piss and vinegar her whole life and had come ready to give Adele the once over for having given up. To have found her like this had shocked her, but she was glad. Adele truly was the sweetest thing, and losing her husband had just about broken her spirit for good. She wondered what had brought about this change of heart. “Bout time you came around, you're too young to go giving up, hey you might still find yourself a new beau.”
At that last statement Roland rose from his chair crossing the room in a fraction of a second bearing down on Mabel. The look on his face was one Adele had rarely seen in all their years of marriage.
Mabel felt a coldness creep over her, settling deep inside, she was suddenly filled with fear. She could hear a voice inside her head, she could swear she had heard it before.  It continued to say one word repeatedly, it was muffled she strained to hear. Mm, no Mum, not that, wasn’t it, mime, it sounded like mime, no it was mine, that was the word, it was clear as a bell, mine. As she turned to look at Adele she saw him for the first time, Roland was hovering right before her, and he was mouthing that exact word, MINE. 
The scream pierced through the house, as Mabel suddenly understood why Adele was cooking up a storm, she turned  deathly white and fainted dead away. Adele walked over and checked her pulse, seeing she was fine walked over to the stove stirring her fried mushrooms and onions. She smiled at Roland. “I thought she would never shut up, don’t listen to her dear, she’s always been an old windbag.”
Roland walked over to his wife and smiled back, she heard him whisper “you're mine.”
He had always said those words to her when they were first married, he had been a tad bit jealous. It made her felt wonderful that he still felt the same after all these years, she repeated the words she always had said to reassure him, “For always and a day love.”
Roland returned to his chair and began rocking watching her cook supper once more, Mabel all but forgotten on the floor.
-----*****-----
Zach had been having difficulty keeping his anger in check the past few days, at one time it was a normal occurrence but since having been able to use his power here not just inside the void was causing him great difficulties. With even the simplest thoughts he caused things to burst into flames. It was frustrating him, and the more he was off, the angrier he became, it was a vicious cycle.
So far he had burnt his favorite jacket and had also set aflame the neighbor's dog, all because he wouldn’t stop barking. He was almost afraid to leave the house, but he had business to attend to, so necessity forced his hand. It had been a week since he had gone to see if Marlena needed a fix. And he was desperately needing Jamey, he wondered if he could manage to do just half a run tonight and then rendezvous with her even sooner than usual. He would deal with  the repercussions later. It was time he looked for just himself for a change.
As he crossed the street he came across a well known hang out for some strung out druggies, he had only enough to sell to his few regulars and that was all. He had stopped quite a while ago selling to people he couldn`t trust, too many times he been left high and dry. He gave them a wide berth as he went on his way. He was almost clear of them when he heard a voice calling to him.
“You got a fix for me, buddy?” the man had the look of desperation as if it had been quite a while since his last fix, He smelled of urine and vomit, he was most likely coming down, his fingers were shaking from his need.
“Sorry, man, I can’t help you.”  Zach began walking a bit faster not wanting a confrontation. There was nothing worse than a strung out druggies needing a fix.
“Sure ya do man, I know your packing, just share a bit I got  the money. Don’t be like that man!” He reached in his pocket as if looking for change.
Zach knew he would find nothing no matter how much he dug in his raggedy sweat pants for bills. He knew his type and Zach just wanted to be on his way he had things to do, this guy had to go. He could feel his temper begin to flare slightly as he was getting frustrated with this delay. He increased his steps once again, trying to focus on his goals ahead. “Like I said man. I don’t have anything for ya, I don’t deal in the shit no more. Your gonna have to get your fix elsewhere, see ya later.”
Before Zach had a chance to turn around the druggie grabbed him by the sleeve trying to stop him in his tracks. “Just a little man anything, this shit has got to stop, my head is swimming and I can’t stop shaking, please man, please.”
Zach lost control in that fraction of a second, he saw red and thought of nothing else but getting this guy off his case. He wanted him gone, and in that moment he got just want he asked for, the man was gone there was nothing  left but ash, he had completely disappeared  Zach had cremated him to a cinder. He saw a few of the fellows friends get up and start screaming, witnessing the whole scene. 
Zach looked at the pile of ash at  his feet the wind picking some of it up and blowing it on his shoes. He felt sick to his stomach he had completely wiped out this guy, in seconds, just by wanting to see it done. He turned and ran, he had to get out of this place. He heard the screams of the ones left behind, he hoped if the police were called the story would be too far fetched to be questioned and there was no proof he had done anything he hadn’t even touched him. The guy had grabbed him. Zach forgot about Marlena and the others as he ran, he was scared, too frightened to worry about them.  For the first time a face floated in his mind, Selah, she might help him he had to find her, it was his only answer.

-----*****-----
Reek wasn’t fond of his new master he remembered his old one and wished he was here instead, then he wouldn’t have to listen to all this complaining about not being free from the stone. He had so many things he had to do now, keep all the ones released from prison in check and make sure they knew who was boss, and also find a way out of this hellhole. 
His old master had never made such demands on him, he had given him much and not taken. Reek liked that combination much better than this one. He was greedy and wanted his own recognition, not to build something up so another could reap the benefit and bask in the glory. If he could only remember his old masters name, it had great power, and he needed an advantage now, it was the only way to get out from Balthazar’s rule. He wanted his own power, and he would get it. His memories were stronger every day.  He focused on particular things, and now he could even picture the extreme force exerted by his old master. It could be his for a time, if he could call upon his name, they only came when called upon, for good or not they answered the call, it was one downfall they had. He saw it as opportunity for a guide, albeit a powerful one. Suddenly he remembered his guide was good with all beastly creatures and was the reason he had found him in the first place. He helped protect against the likes of him, but if he was protecting him, well then Balthazar would be the one Reek needed protection from. 
He trudged through the cavern, he was hungry for power, but had to appear meek before Balthazar. He bowed and scraped his knees kneeling before him, “Master, I have done as you asked, they are preparing for visitors.”
Balthazar could see Reek’s eyes twitch as he looked at the ground. The miserable maggot, if he could be rid of him for good it would sit well with its thoughts, but it wasn’t time yet. He was proving to be more useful than it thought. “Good, you will get your just rewards when this is accomplished.” Yeah rewards, crush him, bring the pain, could already feel Reeks bones in its hands as it turned them to dust. There was no room for others to have joy, only pain, it would grow stronger from others' pain. But mostly from the sweet marrow of the angels bones, cause they did have bones, real bones he could hold in it’s vice like grip and squeeze ever so tightly, all the while listening to their screams.
Reek saw Balthazar was in it’s own thoughts once more, it often did this, ignoring him and having the glimmer of light disappear from it’s eyes. He let the scowl of hatred show on his lips, soon he would be rid of it, there he remembered and called his true master, “Mahasiah”, he said it over and over inside his skull. The scowl was replaced by a smile, his time was near.
Balthazar watched the scowl upon Reek’s face it was one of the reasons it wanted to annihilate him, he could see from his third eye, but the lowly Reek had no idea of its powers, he watched as he smiled maliciously, wondering what was taking place inside that small brain of his.  It would watch him all the more because of it.
Mahasiah having heard the call watched from above. So this was where Balthazar was, he hadn’t heard of anything from this creature in thousands of years, had it awakened because of Selah, were they connected? If so she was even stronger than they knew, Balthazar was a formidable opponent, it had crushed many angels before, it was also a shape shifter and had been known in the beginning by a even more powerful name, Mahasiah trembled at the thought. He would tread carefully from here on out.
-----*****-----
Daniel had went onto the third heaven otherwise known as Olympus, it was the perfect place for him to focus on his skills with the scimitars. It was a beautiful here, it was just like home back on earth. Green grass, rocks, a stream flowed nearby.  You could see all kinds of small animals, squirrels, mice, the occasional rabbit. The forest was lush just a bit to his left, he hadn’t had time to explore all the layers of heaven and there were a few he hoped to never see, but the garden and Olympus would always hold a special place in his heart.
Not to mention the sweet sound of the birds singing away, all these things helped him concentrate on his scimitars. He loved the feel of them in his hands, as he let his moves flow from one stance into another. He lost himself in the motions, there was a beautiful symmetry in his movements to the casual watcher, a form of art. He never noticed that he did have a watcher, a rather still form in the shadows of the trees. Perhaps he should have been more aware of his surroundings, but never thinking he could encounter danger here he persisted in his tasks, oblivious to all else. 
So when Daniel stopped for a break, his breath coming out in gasps as he had pushed himself further than ever before, he could feel the sweat running down his shoulder blades, and his palms were dripping. 
As Daniel approached the tree, he heard, “Wow I didn’t think you humans still had it in you.”
Daniel had thought he was alone so he jumped back startled. “Had what in me?”
“Discipline, it’s rather refreshing to watch you with your weapons, reminds me of a time long ago.”
“And why is that?” Daniel couldn’t see the face he was speaking to, the tree blocked his view, curiosity made him bend to get a better look at the face behind the voice. As he looked at eye level never thinking the one he was looking at would be much taller than him, at a bit over six feet he was accustomed to be the taller one. Instead he saw a chest not a face so he turned upwards and was surprised at the figure he saw, more feminine than masculine though the voice was deep.
“Because more humans now have become complacent, always looking for the easy fix, preferring to do the least amount of work possible.” They seemed to be enjoying the look of confusion on Daniel’s face. “You seem as if you're bewildered about something.”
Daniel felt the heat rise to his cheeks, how would he explain himself? “I was expecting a man when I heard the voice.”
She let out a bellow of laughter, Daniel abruptly backed away it was so loud, “None of us are one or the other, we are both male and female. I prefer the smooth lines of the females over the roughness of the male.”
“I see, sorry for assuming...” he turned so it wouldn’t be able to see his facial expression, shit, he felt bad.
“You're a complex one for a human aren’t you Daniel, you are proving to be quite the partner for our prodigal daughter, she had to choose a side and cannot be both like us, it was part of the price she paid to be human.” Turning to follow Daniel so it could once more examine him, the eyes gave so much away.
“So who are you?” Daniel not sure if he liked the way it looked at him, he felt bare, as if his soul was exposed.
“I am Aladiah, one of the seventy-two angels on the council. Your know of us do you not?”
“I have heard of you, You rule over rage and pestilence. Am I correct?”
“You are intelligent also, you surprise me more so. For that I will give you a gift meditate on my name at precisely 3:21 to 3:40 early in the morn and I promise to protect you against any who wish you harm, I will give you a remission from evil doers for a time.”
“Why would you do that for me?”
“Ah, I have so enjoyed watching you my dear, and your wit intrigues me, most with your determination are as dumb as a log. Having two for the price of one excites me and evens the playing field some.”  Aladiah looked down upon him as if suddenly hungry, and Daniel was the meal. The angels wings fluttered suddenly, the color of them took Daniel by surprise they were edged in bronze with lines of silver running throughout. Magnificent was too simple a word to describe them, he felt at ease suddenly and knew it was the angel soothing him, she could of touched Daniel without contention from him, he was so calm.
“What field are you talking about?” Daniel wondered.
“Why the game that has begun my dear, the angels are choosing sides already, and I choose you.” It ran a long finger along Daniel’s chest stopping barely above his belly button. “And Selah of course, good always will prevail, I just wanted to familiarize myself with my team.” At the last it bent down to whisper into Daniel’s ear. 
Daniel felt a shiver run down his spine, the sweat long gone. Selah’s voice ran in his head “Don’t turn your back on this one, I heard everything, I don’t think they know about our bond, do what you have to to get info on the others on our so called side.”
Daniel wished he could be elsewhere, biting his tongue he lifted his hand and grabbed Aladiah’s “I feel so much better knowing we have you with us.” He let the silk run through his voice making him sound extra sweet. “I’m afraid the others will overpower us, there are so many.”
“Don’t fear my love, we are many willing to stand beside you when the time comes, the others are not as strong as they believe, when it actually counts they will come to our side, they are just pretending to have a sport of it now.” She played with a strand of Daniel’s hair.
Daniel closed his eyes momentarily trying to find his resolve to continue the farce, “But how do I know which to trust?”
“Well I know for sure that Jeliel and Aziel are with us, and of course the arch magistrates Micheal, Raphael, Gabriel...” Aladiah continued naming names, Daniel listened intently. “Are you getting all this, Sel?”
“Yes, I know you're not enjoying this, but we need as many on our side as possible, remember, I love you.” Daniel smiled sweetly at the lumbering angel before him. “Do you have any suggestions as to what we should do now, a way to bring the second angel to us?”
Aladiah smiled back, “Well it’s funny you should ask, I was telling Jeliel just the other day if we could help them we would...” The he/she put it’s arm around Daniel and lead him further, pass the training ground Daniel had worked on, talking all the while.
-----*****------
Anaya decided she would take control back, not giving Zach another chance to get the upper hand on her. She had instantly felt him enter the void. He was stronger than before and she could pinpoint him from thousands of miles away. She had never felt him like this before, in a few jumps she was within throwing distance of him. He was back to and seemed to be searching for someone, he looked somewhat lost.
Zach didn’t have the slightest clue how to find Selah she had been the one to find him every time. And not only that, she had actually never seen him at this age.  He had only revealed himself to her in his memories he had here. He hoped just being here would have her come to him, he didn’t want to go into the nightmare.  He wanted her to see him, as he was.
He had gone to the park he used to go to when he was younger and he needed to get away. He used to swing on the swing for hours hoping his ma would be passed out when he returned. It had been the only place no one questioned him, and he could pretend he was here with other families. He sat on the swing now and thought back to those days. 
Anaya watched him as she hide inside the jungle gym, her small frame made it easy for her. Zach was swinging on the swings and seemed forlorn, she wished she could talk to him, but her warning from Gabriel stopped her short. She would continue to only watch.
Selah had felt him enter the void also, she waited, she had to be focused to be able to hear everything Aladiah told Daniel. She felt stretched to capacity, there were so many different roles to play.  She wished she could cut herself in two sometimes to get more things done at once.
As the two parted company she relayed her news to Daniel, “Zach has just entered the void I’m going to him.”
“I will be there in a sec, don’t do anything rash without me.” Daniel worried about her, she made hasty decisions sometimes. He seemed to be her only voice of reason.
“I will try, but no promises.” She had so little time to make him believe, desperation was setting in. Selah didn’t want to scare him off, so she decided to change her attire to normal, she thought of a pair of blue jeans and a t-shirt, not forgetting her hair she coloured it brown once more thinking of her reflection of old in her full length mirror tying off the weave instantly without thinking about it at all.
As she went to him the same thread of spirit she  had woven to attach him to her in the nightmare led her to him like a GPS. She was close to him in a matter of seconds, she felt him. She saw he was in a park, wishing she had a sense of geography to know in which part of the world she was in, knowing this was the parallel to it, reflected inside the void. It was warm here that said a lot and Zach was no longer a small boy he was all grown up. He was sitting on a swing, looking down on his feet. He had no idea she was here, she could see tattoos on his arms.
This man sitting there was very broad in the shoulders, she couldn’t tell his height because of his positioning. She hoped he remembered her from before, this almost a stranger in front of her,  making her apprehensive to move ahead.
Zach sensed he was not alone it was the same feeling he had here in the void on occasion. He always ignored  it but this time it sent shivers up his spine. He turned the rope of the swing trying to appear rather innocent as if he was just going to spin around. He stopped when he saw her, standing there looking at him she was a bright a star compared to everything else around her. And she was just as he remembered except she looked older this time, not physically, but her eyes seemed to have changed.  They were reflecting a golden light, he truly couldn’t remember if they had always been that way. And he was sure he would have remembered.  His hand shook, there was something about her that left him speechless, he stopped spinning and just stared.
“Zach, is that you?” Selah didn’t hesitate to ask.
“Yeah it’s me, you found me pretty quickly.” He didn’t trust himself to stand, his legs felt weak in her presence.
“I kinda put a tracer on you from before.” Regretting her honesty, he would wonder why she had done such a thing.
“A tracer, you’d think I would of noticed that.” He was curious about her, this was the first time she truly saw him as he was, no dream or nightmare in the past only the present.
“I guess I was pretty slick, I am glad you're here now, I was worried I wouldn’t see you again.”
“Why would that concern you?”
“Well we are connected you and I.” she wondered how to put things without confusing him too much, or better yet scaring him off completely.
“Connected by what, you don’t look like my first cousin in any way, I think you've made a mistake.” Zach suddenly didn’t like where she was taking the conversation.
“Not related like that, we are the same you and I. We can both travel here inside the void, are you asleep, or meditating on the other side?”
“Yes, it’s the only way to enter this realm. Why are you so strong here your colours are as bright as the sun, while everything else seems washed out, faded. I thought I was bright but there’s no comparison to you.” 
Selah wondered how much to tell him, “I am not asleep on the other side I am here fully, I’m whole, that’s why the bright colors. My body, mind and spirit are as one here.”
“How did you do that?” Zach was filled with trepidation at the thought he had never thought that was possible. “Isn’t it dangerous? Could you die here?”
“I suppose so I never gave it much thought, I went through the veil separating the two worlds. It allowed me to come here physically by stepping through instead of separating my spirit from my body and  transcending here.” She walked closer to him bridging the gap.
Zach looked at her much closer as she approached sitting on the swing beside him. “ So you have come here before in your sleep or only this way?”
“Most times in my sleep, or I should say my body sleeps while my spirit roams, like yours. How did you find this place?”
“I discovered it after having a real bad beating, it was a way for me to escape the pain, for the longest time I thought it was a dream and I had passed out. But after the first time it was just easier and easier to come here and it was totally real not a dream.”
“I thought it was a dream too, being able to change your appearance and the powers, fire earth, air and water that are easily available to us. It’s definitely surreal, I thought I was crazy when I first discovered it, I never told anyone. Luckily I found someone to guide me, explain to me the rules. They told of how this place was a parallel version of our world, and it’s called the void by some because it is mostly void of physical bodies” She thought of Caleb, he had helped her immensely here, she wondered how far she would have gotten without him, she missed him suddenly. What had happened to him she wondered?  Zach sort of reminded her of him they were both broad and muscled, she sensed Zach was a bit more serious though.
“Wow a guide, never had one of those I sort of just flew by the seat of my pants.  I ran into some pretty scary spirits on a few occasions, but they were still less violent then my real world was.” Zach wished he could tell her everything, it was strangely comforting being able to talk with someone about this place.
Selah saw his shoulder relax a bit, that was a good sign maybe she could convince him of his powers and who he really was. “I can understand that, I came here to escape my pain too. It wasn’t physical like yours. I had just lost my mom to a massive stroke, this was the only place I could still find her”
“Were you able to talk to her ? I have seen some people I knew that died and they weren’t the same at all.” He stared deeply into Selah’s eyes, the golden flecks drawing him in.
Daniel had arrived a minute before, he kept his distance letting Selah have complete control of the situation, he instead took inventory of their surroundings. He was surprised to see movement in the jungle gym, he had trouble seeing exactly what was there, he decided to float over high enough to get a better look.
“They seemed on a different path altogether, the dead when they come here. I think they only remember parts from their past but can’t actually have any future.” Zach thought back to his mother, she had been nice to him for a change after she had died, she kept talking about when she had been younger before she had him. “it get old pretty fast when there’s nothing new happening, wouldn’t you say?”
Selah had to admit that before the creator touched her mom it had been frustrating for her, she wanted the whole person back, not fractured pieces. “Yeah you're right, it gets old fast.” She noticed he didn’t change his attire constantly he had obviously learned how to control his thoughts, or how to tie off a weave, she wondered which it was.
“So what did the guide teach you?” curiosity got the best of him.
“Well I learned about soul signs for one, and the elemental signs, have you heard of those?” She hoped he would be forthright in his abilities with fire, if she showed him hers. “For instance I can use a bit of all the powers, air, fire, water, and earth, along with spirit.” Selah lifted her left hand and in a fraction of a second she made a small ball of fire float a few inches above her palm. She then used air to blow it out, then she managed to find a wilted dandelion on the grass, she breathed some new life into it making a new flower head emerge from the old dying one. She then made a small cloud hover over the flower and let the rain soak it good. “See all the elements right there for you to see.”
“Wow, that’s neat, I could almost see threads coming out from your hands when you were doing those things.” Zach hesitated telling her just how strong he was, he would play it safe for now, get a feel of her.
“Yes, your exactly right!” Selah was excited he could see weaves, it meant he could learn how to do any of them. “It’s like sewing, what you saw are the threads of power, I showed you very simple weaves but they can get very complex, you can weave all the different elements together to create some very powerful things. Dangerous things too.” She hoped talking about danger would give him the opportunity to open up some. He was going to be a hard nut to crack, she could see his determination in his eyes. She tried to think of something to make him tell her. She went completely blank. She felt Daniel close he had found something, or she should say someone.
Daniel looked down and was somewhat shocked at what he discovered, a tiny little thing. At first he thought it was a boy, but upon closer inspection saw it was a girl, she had short curly hair, and loose clothing she was watching Zach and Selah. Daniel couldn’t see her face very well until she began to crawl to get a closer look and to hear what they were saying. She turned and gave Daniel a perfect view of her features. She triggered something in his memory as if he had seen her before.
Daniel gave Selah an instant mental picture of his find, she answered him immediately “You know her?”
Suddenly Daniel knew exactly where he had seen her, a few years back there had been a reunion of all the potential guards.  The room had been full of males and females from all walks of life, Caleb had been there, and he had seen this little one there, she had managed to sneak until she had been front and center to hear the news, all the while keeping a very low profile. Daniel had been impressed with her, and knew she could have pulled a fast one on a number of different guards as she could of killed each and every one in her path, and they would have been clueless as to what had happened, she was that good. “She’s a guard Selah, she has a connection with Zach I think, I think I should talk to her.”
“Do what you think is right, I have plenty to do here with Zach, just don’t compromise me here, ok.” Selah looked over at Zach again. She weaved his elemental power trying to make a flame as large as she could knowing it wasn’t close to touching his ability. She made a wall of flame, it cascaded as if it was a waterfall it was a good five feet tall, she could feel the heat turning her cheeks bright red. “Could you see the thread of fire when I made the wall?”
“Yes they were quite thick, you had to make a lot of threads to sustain that fire, was it difficult for you?” he was itching to show her what a real fire was but held himself in check, he wondered if that was the reason she kept weaving fire to lure him out. “So can just anyone here make these weaves and control the elements?”
How could she explain this to him without corrupting his opinion of the remainder of the information. “Anyone that comes here in spirit, or in their full form has the ability to do these things to a certain extent. This place is full of limitless possibilities, like this, she untied the weave of her clothes and changed into a mans suit and let her hair go short and made a mustache. “You see what I mean.”
Zach took one look at her and burst into laughter, “Wow, that’s priceless! You look much better as a girl though, but you proved your point. How did you do that? I just focus my thought to keep what I’m wearing and once I’ve decided I forget about it and it holds it into place.”
“You know the weaves you saw me spin for the elements, it’s the same for mundane things. Just pull a string from the weave you use to create what you want, then you can tie it off to hold it into place.”
Zach tried to think of a way to deter her from getting him to show his strength, he questioned her some more “So what are soul signs?”
“They are connected to the elemental signs, except they don’t necessarily mean you have the elemental power to create, it has more to do with personalities. We are all born under our own signs, some of us are water and are easy going and free flowing, never letting anything hinder our ability, water signs tend to like being on their own a bit.” She stopped to see if he was understanding her explanation, she was glad she had had an awesome teacher, she wished she could see Caleb just once more to thank him. “While the others, fire, earth or air signs explain themselves also if you know someone with a terrible temper which sign do you think they would be?”
"Well I would say a fire sign, they’re pretty explosive right?” Zach thought of his temper at seeing the abusive man not too long ago, pretty freaking explosive, enough to disintegrate his arm, leaving only ashes. 
Selah listened intently to Zach while having a conversation with Daniel “When she leaves you continue with Zach I’m going to follow her, when I have her alone then I’ll question her. I hope she remembers me too, it will make things much easier to explain.”
“Ok, sounds good I can’t lose Zach this time.  I have to find out where he’s from regardless of how I do it, ok? Maybe we will actually get somewhere today instead of a whole lot of nothing. Selah looked at Zach knowing he had hit the nail on the head. “Yeah you get it, so each sign has specific traits, and for a good coupling you almost have to have compatible signs, Air and fire, earth and water so they complement each other instead of dousing each others abilities if you put a fire sign with water sign, the water sign will not allow the fire sign to properly be themselves always trying to cool them down, while a air sign would feed their fire helping them reach their full capacity. Likewise earth would go well with air but better with water to nourish it, but also a fire sign could help renew a earth sign if they were perhaps stuck in a rut.”
Zach was losing interest in what she was saying and it showed plainly on his face, “Sorry I’m afraid relationships don’t concern me too much.”
“Well it holds true for families also, not just relationships that’s why you sometimes see siblings not get along one bit, it’s their signs clashing. It has really nothing to do with their parents personalities, it is to some effect in the upbringing but their true nature dwells deep inside their soul, so its directly related to the signs.” She thought of another direction to bring their conversation to him, trying once again to get answers from him.
“So how come this is the first time I find you in your true form, and age appropriate?” she watched his reaction closely.
Zach bit his lip, he had come here to find her but his immense fear kept him from revealing the truth, he wished he could come out outright and just ask her about his powers and why she was attracted to him. “I prefer not to forget the past, it keeps everything much more real and there’s no danger of meeting any strange beings, cause there’re only my dreams.”
“I see, but there’s no room for growth in the past, just memories, it remind me of my mom after she died she was just reliving the past.” She would test him to see his reaction.
“But they help me,” Zach felt his hackles rise in defense. What did she know of him?
“How have they helped you recently?” she pushed backed.
“It helps me to relax, yeah relax.” he stuttered the words out.
“Are you trying to convince me or yourself?” 
“What do you mean?” he raised his voice defensively, his ire getting stronger, he didn’t want to lose control now.
“I just know that you can get in a rut by reliving the past over and over, there never leaves any room for the future, our thoughts are what controls our present situation.” She hoped she wasn’t pushing him too hard, his face was flushed with anger.
“I’m doing fine, just fine the way I am” he almost shouted.
She hesitated a second gauging his emotions, “Then why are you here now Zach, were you looking for me?”
He was stumped, he wanted to lash out at her, make her pay for her stupid questions! His emotions ruling his every move, his control forgotten. He let it loose without regard for any consequences, the inferno directed at her was tremendous and made her feeble attempt to show him fire, ridiculous in comparison. Luckily she had sensed his rising emotions and thrown up her own shield of spirit to keep her safe, if she hadn’t seen it coming she would have been toast, burnt black and crispy! His weaves were the size of tree trunks she had never seen such momentum even if just for a moment.
She let her own power flow into him just then trying to bring him down, she should of done this before, but she had needed to see how fragile his grip on his power really was. It was dangling by a fine thread. She probed inside his head until she found his hypothalamus and sent a trickle of air to slowly massage it, then proceeded to the root of the problem his pituitary gland as she worked to set him back under control to how he was before his melt down. She could see him physically return to himself, his breathing leveling out and his face turned pale in turn. He was watching her intently.
“What the fuck did you do to my fucking head?”
“I helped you get control again, I want to help you Zach.”
“HELP ME! HELP ME...YOU WERE IN MY FUCKING HEAD! Who are you?” the words came out in a growl.
“I am like you Zach, we are the same.” She strengthened her shield as she watched his anger grow even stronger than before. She knew more what to expect, but she truly didn’t know his strength.
“I'M NOTHING LIKE YOU!”
 She watched as the swing set caught on fire along with all the trees, houses, cars exploded in the surrounding few blocks, she could feel the heat coming through her shield, luckily Daniel and the little girl had shifted and left this area right before the first attempt to ignite her. Daniel wanted to stay with her but was too far away to be protected from her shield. “Are you ok, I can be there in a second, she shifted and I followed but we still aren’t very far, just say the word babe.” Daniel could feel her emotions through the bond, she was shocked at Zach’s show of power, but none the worst for wear.
“No follow her, we need to know what she knows, I am fine here with him, no worries I’m fine really.” Selah needed him to be reassured so she could continue.
Zach was still blazing hot.  It had been going on for a full minute if not more, and it didn’t look as if he was ready to stop anytime soon. Selah decided to try once to cool him off but in a slightly different way, she pulled water from the ground and threw it on him, the flames stopped suddenly.
Zach was shocked, it had awakened him, he had completely lost it.  He looked around at the mess he had made, the fire burning all around. Selah hadn’t been touched except for a bead of sweat on her forehead, why had he freaked liked that? He couldn’t remember what had triggered him. He was filled with fear and shame for his actions as he looked at Selah, “I’m so sorry... so sorry.” And then he was gone.


Chapter 9/ Through hell or high water.

Anaya had seen Zach blow like that before, so she had been prepared to leave in a seconds' notice, she had seen it coming. She had a lot of nerve doing that! Telling him he should be over the past like that, what did she know?  She obviously had never suffered a day in her pretty little life. She was too beautiful to have ever had a problem beside maybe a broken nail, unlike her and Zach.  They were kindred souls. She wasn’t sure if she should go back to see how it would play out, she didn’t want to be burnt to a cinder that was sure.
Daniel was still above her she hadn’t bother to erase her trail not figuring she would have a follower. He descended and took hold of her straightaway, his instinct telling him she was as slippery as an eel. “Hey do you remember me?” he was still wearing his guard uniform Selah had adorned him with, he hoped it helped him in his quest.
Anaya was thrown back as he held onto her arm, she looked up and was mortified as she stared into Daniel’s eyes. How had he found her?  She was like smoke almost see through, and hard to trace. 
Daniel saw her look of defiance in the bright green eyes, this would be harder than he thought. “You're a guard just like me.”
“I know but I’m not one yet, I wish! How did you find me?” She needed to know so she could protect herself the next time, she wouldn’t let herself slip again from the same mistake.
“I was with Selah, while she spoke with Zach, I saw you in the jungle gym.”
“I never saw you.” Where had he been hiding? But thinking back in hindsight she hadn’t been that cautious thinking herself safe, she took a mental note, never assume.
“What’s your name and why where you watching Zach?” he hoped she was forthcoming with information.
“You know I’m a guard but you don’t know my name? Not much of a spy are you, Anaya, that’s me, why do you remember me, you're the favorite right, the first one chosen.”
“I guess you could say that, I have worked hard for it, just like I’m sure you have. And I’m Daniel and back there you saw Selah”
“You're as close to a celebrity up here as can be, and your Damn straight I’ve earned it, I could take you out in a flash before you even moved.
“I have no doubt... so about Zach, you seem drawn to him, is it like Selah and I, do you have a past together?” He needed as much info from her as possible.
Anaya thought about it for a a second she could not betray Gabriel he had given her so much, she could not see how this was breaking any promises made, she wasn’t contacting Zach so she was in the clear. “Yes we have known each other before.”
“Really? So you're a shoe-in to be his guard then?” Could it actually be this simple?  Daniel was afraid to say it aloud afraid to jinks the entire process.
“Well...that’s saying a lot. I couldn’t be too sure about that.” She wished she could remember how they were in their past relationships, everything in how their connection was.
“Why are you so uncertain? Doesn’t he react well with you?” maybe they had a fight an weren’t speaking.
Anaya was nervous.  She had never spoken to anyone about these things, and here was Daniel, the most famous guard, the first to volunteer to become one and lose all his recognition as a angel, to ask for a demotion. How could she explain their situation? “We have never spoken...”
“Never, really... your kidding right?” shit, it would be like starting from scratch.
‘Nope I just watch him, he is the one that chooses his guard, it’s not for me to decide.”
“No, but there’s no hidden rule that says you don’t try everything to make them notice you, beginning a relationship with them is a good start. What about your past lives what can you tell me about him?” at least they would have some information on Zach.
“He has a beautiful smile...”
“I see and?” he hated pushing her so, but felt he had no other choice.
Anaya answered in barely a whisper, “I don’t remember much else.” Why did she have to explain anything to him she had been through a lot, why did she have to tip toe around him.
“Nothing, you don’t remember anything?” It already was worst than he thought she couldn’t give him anything.  He tried to not get too discouraged, things would work out, they had to.  Hopefully Selah was having better luck than he was.
“That’s ok, but you should honestly try to build something with him, it would help your chances to be chosen by him.”
Anaya thought about his declaration, she had promised to wait until she got the go ahead from Gabriel, but Daniel was making sense. “I’ll think about it.” She couldn’t let him know what was going on with her, she could trust no-one.
“Where are you from Anaya, you have a strange accent?” She had a heavy pronunciation, making it slightly difficult to understand her words, Daniel had to listen closely
“Congo, I speak Swahili, and also french.”
Daniel knew the disarray in her country for a long time, and the look in her eyes showed him she had not had a easy go of it, from a distance she looked her age but up close she looked much older, her eyes betrayed her. He could see at least half a dozen scars on her exposed skin and she was very well covered so he could only imagine.
“Your a very intelligent woman.” He needed her to be his friend, she could still be a key to accessing Zach.
“You sound surprised, did you expect a mute?”
“No, no that’s not what I meant, I know the opportunities are limited where you are from. I’m sorry if I have insulted you, it’s not my intention. I can’t seem to say anything right with you.”
Anaya was confused at his apology she was used to men making women feel lowly. Woman were only good for making babies, cooking and a few other things but respect wasn’t usually part of any of it.
“It’s ok, you shouldn’t have to apologize, I’m fine.” This fellow was a curious sort, he looked like the other with his build, all sinewy and muscled lean. She had no doubt he could pin her down and take advantage but for some odd reason she didn’t think he was interested in that from her. The other girl was much prettier than her, and Anaya was certain he had his hands full with her.
Daniel was not the best at conversations so he struggled with how he could convince her, instead he went with what he knew and he knew this, “You watch him, does he know you're there, have you ever met, talked even innocently?”
“No, I have not spoken to him, I have watched him ever since I was asked to train as a guard, I find him interesting.” Upon second thought she added, “and he makes my heart not so heavy.” She watched him to see his reaction looking for the disgust at her show of weakness. She saw none what she noticed was something she wasn’t very familiar with, compassion.
“You have had a difficult journey thus far, haven’t you.?”
“Why do you say this?”
“I’m sorry, I just saw your scars, and assumed, I should know better, will you forgive my brashness.”
“You have strange words, Daniel, I have said too much to you I must leave now, goodbye.” And just like that she was gone in a flash, she had left no trace of the path she had taken and Daniel thought it better to not follow.  Their newly found friendship was precarious at most already. He hoped Selah was having better luck with Zach.
-----*****-----
Selah followed Zach when he shifted through the void, his intense emotions had made him forget to cover his tracks, she was determined to not loose him again, time was of the essence. She still had to find all the other angels.  She couldn`t dally on the first one, leaving less and less time to find the others.
She followed the trail, passing different peoples' dreams.  As they sped through the void, she realized then Zach was used to coming here to face the past, he rarely came to see the present, she hoped this would give her an edge while following him. His anger was still coursing through his veins, she could feel the heat through the trickle of power she had attached to him, it too left a trail she could follow. It was most likely the reason he was moving at such a fast pace he could feel her inside his head still.
Zach could only think of one thing, how in the hell would he get her out of his head, it was scaring him something fierce. He wasn’t able to control his rage with her there, he had to get back to his own body, asleep at home. He wasn’t good at sliding back and forth in the present time, it was uncomfortable for him.  The past was etched in his memories so they were easier to move within. The nightmares and dreams were how he usually visited the void, was how he held onto his control but this was completely different for him. There were too many different factors that could interrupt his flow, nothing was constant. If he could only find a familiar place then he knew he could go back inside himself from there.
Selah wondered why he hadn’t slid back out of the void into himself, he just continued to travel from one place to another, she wondered why his temper didn’t decrease at all, he must be extremely frustrated at this point. She held onto her string attached to him, knowing if she went too far from him the connection would be lost.
She could feel Daniel in the distance still talking with the girl, it seemed to be going well she was communicating at least.
Zach finally thought of his body back home as he wished he could find it, and it automatically appeared before him, not realizing that was how the void worked. As each thought was connected to action. If he had only thought what he wanted instantly, he wouldn’t have been wandering aimlessly searching for an exit. He could of just pictured it and it would have appeared. It still hadn’t truly resonated with him how what he wanted had come to pass when he thought of it.
 Selah watched as he conjured up the scene he wanted, she instantly felt him release some tension as he began to slide instantly back to the waiting body on the other side. She was here in her full physical form, she would have to once again pierce the void to follow him through, she searched the surrounding area for any clues to his location, a window looking out, anything at all. But the little things around the void were constantly changing around her. Nothing was stagnant here for long, she knew she shouldn’t act hastily, but after the reaction Zach had had with her she wondered if he would let her have another opportunity again to get close. She would do what she thought was her only choice.
Anaya had just left Daniel, he felt Selah decide to cross the veil the second she set her mind to it and he felt his blood flowing faster and his pressure rising. “Don’t do this Selah, please there has to be another way.” He wouldn’t be able to communicate with her once she crossed over, the barrier caused by the veil would deter it. He would still feel her through the bond but the veil created a mask than would make her feel distant even if they were able to see each other through the veil. He knew he wouldn’t be able to protect her at all. He began to follow the path she had following Zach, he had to reach her in time.
“If there was another way Daniel, Zach didn’t exactly leave me believing we were loving friends, I could loose him for good if I don’t cross now!” She knew Daniel was anxious, it was coming through loud and clear through their bond. 
“Wait for me to get there, so we are together ok, just wait a second.” Selah could feel Daniel coming closer.
Selah watched as Zach entered his body, his eyes opened, he sat up instantly awake, she couldn’t lose him, she couldn’t. He swung his legs over the bed, positioning himself to rise. Selah could feel the sweat pouring down her back. “Hurry Daniel, hurry!”
Daniel whipped as fast as he could through all the places they had been, feeling Selah get closer by the second. The trail was gone but the bond told him, exactly where they had gone. “Please hold on Selah, please!”
Zach woke and finally felt like himself, she was out of his head. He needed to get out of here, he was full of pent up rage from his encounter with Selah. He had to prove to himself he still had control over something. 
Selah watched him put his shoes on, if he went out that door she would loose him. The connection was lost when he was out of sight. Zach could not see her as she saw him, once he was back inside his physical body the void became unreachable. He could only reach it when his spirit left his body, or through dreams, nightmares or by death.  He finally rose and reached for his hoodie hanging on the back of the chair. 
Selah could feel Daniel but realized he would not reach her in time, she wove spirit as she took her pin to make the first puncture in the membrane before her. Then made a weave strong enough to widen the opening in through the veil. She stretched it with her bare hands also, and forced herself to jump through head first. Just before she leaped she tried to reassure Daniel, “Sorry Daniel, hopefully you can find me, I love you.” And then the connection was dimmed out, barely accessible.
Daniel suddenly lost their connection, he had felt her a second before now she seemed miles away, and without the trail he had nothing, he stopped short, his breath coming in short gasps and let out a horrendous scream, the heavens shook with it’s intensity. He had to do something, had to find her.
Zach had been blinded by the sudden light that had pierced through his room, he raised his arm trying to block it from his eyes so he could see what was happening. When he suddenly saw a person tumbling towards him at a breathtaking speed. He fell back from the shock as the person landed in his lap head first. He looked down at the mass of dark hair covering their face, it was Selah. He wasn’t sure  how to react.  How had she followed him, and she was physically whole not just in spirit form? 
Selah hoped she didn’t take him too much by surprise, that his reaction would be positive. She turned up and muttered one word, “Hi” it came out rather shyly, as she saw she was head first in his lap, she truly saw how built Zach was, hardly the scrawny guy from when he was little. It would take a lot to bring him down in a match, he reminded her of a small bull, the thickness of his torso was immense. As she scrambled to get up hoping he would be understanding.
“How in the hell did you follow me and come here? Wow are you for real, I must still be dreaming. This is impossible!” Zach could feel Selah in his hands but it still seemed crazy to him.
Selah got up slowly she was wearing the same as her last thought she had imagined for an outfit, but her jump from the void hadn’t prepared her for her landing. She had barely made it through the hole, as it began closing fast behind her. Whatever the veil was made of was extremely elastic. The closing had been at break neck speed, she wondered what would have happened if she hadn’t gotten her whole body out in time. She shuddered suddenly with the thought, she could mentally picture her legs amputated at the knees.
Zach sat on the ground and just stared at her his mouth hanging open. “So why are you here in my house? And don’t leave anything out.” He hoped he was truly dreaming and this would just go away. 
“I needed to talk with you about some things, and we never had a chance to get into any great details in the void, about stuff.” She thought back to his burst of anger towards her and prepared a shield for herself just in case. The weave at the ready to be flung up if she sensed his ire rising.
“Stuff, what does that mean and couldn’t it wait until the next time we saw each other.” He was looking at her intently.
“I wish things were that simple Zach, I...We don’t have a lot of time actually, that’s what I want to explain.” She watched his expression, all the while wondering what was inside his thoughts, not daring to delve inside his head again, he was much too intuitive for such a intrusion.
“Ok then so explain you have my full attention, and like I said before don’t leave anything out, capiche.”
Selah wondered how far back she should begin, she wanted to be able to convince him, she would start at the very beginning, “Are you religious in any way?”
“What the hell does that have to do with ANYTHING?” She was once again gonna start jumping on his last nerve, he would give her the benefit of the doubt. “Yes, I have been to church a bit, catholic, does that help you?”
“Yes thank you, I’m sorry if I ask too many questions, I need to figure out how much I need to explain. You're familiar with the beginning then, Adam and Eve?”
Zach laughed, this had to be some kind of bad joke, “Ok the beginning, that far...yeah I know about them,” he looked up at the ceiling suddenly wondering where this conversation was going.
“Well there’s a beginning before that, it’s just never been written about, unless you know where to look, the bible has hidden quotes that hints of it, like in the Book of Job, when God is speaking to Job. And in the Book of Enoch it tells of things also, like the void being a parallel world to ours on earth, and all the levels of heaven. That book isn’t in the bible.”
Zach interest was suddenly peaked, he looked at this young girl in front of him and truly wondered where she was really from.
“ There was a group of angels that were established during the making of earth, before the humans were sent to live here, and after they were thrown out of heaven.”
“The apple, right they were kicked out of the garden because Eve ate the apple.”
“It’s a bit more complicated than that, but yes it was a banishment for them, they also learned about the law of polarity, that there must be an opposite to everything, thus making things good or evil. The angels realized how close to themselves the humans were, the only differences was they had been separated into man and women. Angels usually have both qualities, they were all fascinated with the humans, I’m not going to go too much in depth in this regard except to say that a council of seventy-two angels were put to watch over the humans, each having their own talents, to help or hinder. The law of polarity once again coming into effect they would help the humans but first they had to be asked for by name. There are also six arch angels which are much better known than others. Are you following me so far? Can you think of any angels that you have heard of.”
“Right off the top of my head I can name Micheal, Gabriel, Rafael, and isn’t Lucifer a angel?” This was proving an interesting topic indeed.
“Yes, the first three you mentioned are arch angels, they are more powerful than the others. And yes Lucifer is also an angel. The others are powerful because more people know their names, the power derives from the name. But don’t discount the others, they all have followers, thus increasing their power. So not to stray too far from my goal of explaining why I’m here, here goes, when the creator, or god, saw what was happening between the humans and the angels it began to bring with it great concern. The angels had a tendency to use the humans for dastardly deeds, not always but a lot of times. You see the angels were fascinated with how the humans lived, their live expectancy had greatly diminished since the banishment. They had come to realize this, so began living differently, taking more risk, trying all sorts of things. And it seemed the faster they evolved the faster they learned. The angels were immortal so time was not of the essence like it was for the humans.”
‘So what happened, what did god do?” Zach wanted to absorb as much as he could, this was mind blowing.
Selah was grateful to have his ear at last. “There were other angels that weren’t on the great council, they were extremely close to god and stood high in his good graces, it was suggested that it would be of an extreme advantage to understand the way the humans were evolving,” Selah stopped for a second her memories of this exact moment were fresh for her. If she closed her eyes it was as if she was once again standing before him. “So one of them volunteered to go to earth and live as the humans did.” She could feel a tear slide down her cheek, she had been so brave back then, or just plain stupid, she wasn’t sure which.
Zach saw the tear rolling down her cheek and he suddenly was very melancholy, he wondered why?
“It was agreed, but there was a great price to be paid...”  knowing what she did now she couldn’t answer if she would choose the same, if asked once more to decide. “ They would lose their immortality and have to live the short life span of the humans, and all their powers would disappear, they would be forgotten.”
“Why would any of them want to do that? It doesn’t make sense.” Zach wished he could see the point in choosing to do such a thing, loose his power for some kind of experiment, he would never.
“They were extremely loyal and brave. They would do anything to help god, as I said they were very close. They also learned that they would lose all their memories from before. Each time they died they would be like the humans with no recollection of their past lives, you see with the humans the spirit remembers but if the mind and bodies' relation never truly involves the spirit, then the old connections are lost.
“Crappy, that’s what that sounds like, it must of sucked big time!” Zach couldn’t help his reaction. He was just being honest. “So this angel came down to earth, right?”
“They weren’t the only one, there was at least half a dozen that went, so they would have a much better opinions from many different angles, of the humans. You see the other angels were never able to feel any empathy or compassion towards the human race because they truly didn’t understand the experience. But these angels would and if they were ever to make it back to heaven they would receive many gifts.” 
“And how do you know all this? Have you met any of them?” Zach would of liked to have met one of them, it would be freaking awesome!
“I just found out I am one of them, the first one to have volunteered actually.” Selah watched as Zach’s expression changed into one of disbelief.
“Are you serious, how did you find out such a thing?” he could feel a slight chill crawl down his spine for some unexplainable reason. Could an actual angel be standing in front of him?
“Well not too long ago my life was fairly normal, except I could go inside the void, the place I usually see you. I had found I could go like you when I was just about drifting off to sleep. My spirit would sort of separate from my physical body, just like you. And of course you're familiar with the void, it being a parallel version of our world with a few idiosyncrasies added. The ability to change things at random by thought alone and the power we can wield there, all these things are familiar to you right.” As Selah explained things he just continued to shake his head in agreement.
“But how did you find out your an angel?” he wished she would get to the good stuff, instead of beating around the bush so much.
“I fulfilled a prophecy written in the very beginning that has set into motion other prophecies. It goes like this...

As the Spirits within, atone for their sins.
The first untold will tear the veil, and change the world on a grand scale.
Pure spirit to bend and mold all men, as time begins anew again.
The second is heat a burning flame; his anger may bring them all to shame.
Only compassion will set things right, or all shall burn throughout the night.
The third is beautiful a candles light, to look upon is an awesome sight.
Turned frigid and cold, only finding her love will melt her soul
 The fourth is made to rip asunder, tear walls with mighty rain and thunder.
All must turn to their faith once more, or rivers of tears for what’s in store.
The fifth is solid as a stone; nothing can shatter or break his bones.
The earth grumbles and groans, people buried alive can you hear their moans.
The sixth may turn the oceans to blood; the livings they die forget the floods.
The people hungry, what shall they eat, the fish are dead and there’s no meat.
Hope is what they truly need, only then may they once more feed.
The seventh is so innocent and pure, as she watches, waiting, so much to endure.
When finally her powers take flight, she becomes to all a never ending light.
If all come together for worse or better, if something happens to one or two.
The signs of the apocalypse shall rain down on you, what will you do?
As the angels leavened reign down from heaven.
Zach listened as she spoke each phrase there was something about it all that didn’t sit right with him, he couldn’t quite put his fingers on it, so he shrugged it off as just plain ignorance on his part.
“So you are the first and you tore the veil? That’s what you just said right? ” He wondered what exactly the veil was?
“Yeah, that’s exactly what I did, though I had no idea that was what I was doing at the time.” Selah chuckled at the memory. “I was only thinking of one thing and I focused all my energy towards attaining that one goal.”
“So what is the veil?” Zach hated sounding so unworldly but he needed to know.
“The veil is the barrier between our world and the void, what I just went through again to be here right now with you.” It’s like a membrane, when you know what to look for it appears before you as a mirror image of both worlds staring at one another back to back.”
Zach thought back, to a while back when he wanted to go back to his bedroom and it had appeared before him suddenly but it had looked different and he thought for a quick second he could see a reflection of sorts of the entire room. “I think I have seen it before when I have been over there, I remember seeing a reflection. Would that be it?”
“I couldn’t tell you for sure unless I saw what you did but it sounds like it. When I first found it I had no clue what it was or what would happen. My boyfriend Daniel was in a coma and every time I came inside the parallel he was there but I only could find different versions of him. With the head injury he couldn’t  project his thoughts. I was mortified thinking I might lose him forever. See, we could both wander inside the void before his accident, I had just assumed he would be there and when I couldn’t find him I panicked.”
“So how did you rip the veil?”
“Looking back I don’t truly remember exactly what I did. I remember feeling light as air and changing my physical presence, then pushing myself towards the wall. I can’ t really explain it as I have trouble understanding it myself. It was really something though, the sound it made as it tore was incredible. That I will never forget.”
“So did you find him, was he there?” Zach would have liked to see what she had described, it was hard to imagine.
Selah smiled inwardly, suddenly right back there the feelings of finding Daniel finally and being able to hold him once more. She felt herself blush as she thought of it, she found herself talking to him. The dead silence she received made her heart heavy with the lost of connection. She could feel him but he felt very distant, her smile turned from happy to wistful in a fraction of a second.
Zach has first thought she had found him after she didn’t respond, looking at her expression then he wondered, she looked so sad suddenly as if she had lost someone important, she had a look of yearning. “Did you find him?”
Selah was pulled out of her thoughts, she turned to Zach, “Sorry, I did and then everything changed after that. To say the rug was pulled out from under my feet is an understatement. I was summoned shortly after. I soon found out what was missing, all my memories from previous lives were restored and I knew, I remembered the very day I chose to be the first to come down to earth. And it’s been a whirlwind ever since.” Selah realized she would tell him he was the second angel next, she hoped he was as receptive as he was to her story.
“Wow that is something, so what happens now for you?”
“I have to find the other angels, the prophecy has triggered a succession and its out of my control. All I have to go by is the prophecy itself and its hard to understand because it can take on many different meanings and interpretations. But I think I have found the second angel all the signs point in his direction at least.”
“Really, that’s awesome, so your on the right track at least. So what’s he like the second one?” Zach wondered if she had real wings that would be surreal to see, she looked so normal though.
Selah looked at him, his eyes shone with his interest in everything she told him, she wouldn’t beat around the bush any longer, “I’m not sure really, you would know, so you tell me.”
Zach laughed what the hell was she talking about? “How in the world would I know?”
“Your the second angel Zach, everything up to this point has brought me to you.” She watched his face turn a shade of grey, she saw his look of disbelief, turn to denial and then to anger in the flash of a few seconds. Luckily she had never really put down her shield.


-----Chapter 10 Transitions-----

Reek was having a rather productive day, his instruction had been easy to follow and knowing he had the upper hand on Balthazar was most gratifying. He could get used to this, and he would if all went as planned there would be great rewards at the end of his journey.
Having a higher power help him without another being aware was making him rather full of confidence and built up ignorance. Intelligence wasn’t his forte and he was sorely lacking any modesty. He began boasting with some of the lowly creatures of the dark, of his intentions to bringing down the head. Little did he know Balthazar’s ability to enter into others' minds, it was willing to wait until the time came to, truly put Reek in his proper place. Reek had much to do before Balthazar let his power show! 
Having another powerful fiend had played right into its' hand, knowing it was known as an angel was just a formality. Deep down it was as much a demon as it was, of just a slightly different shade of black, and with a better mask. That angel was not as pure as the ones having chosen to go to earth, they had been cut of an entirely different cloth, they had been content to spend all their time worshipping the creator at the beginning, without a thought of their own wants or needs.
Balthazar knew that years of doing as they pleased had corrupted so many on the great council, and it all worked in its' favor.  They didn’t want the earth angels to assemble, then they would be able to bring down the council.  Their power was that strong. Let the angel think it had the perfect ally in Reek, by the time its' deed was accomplished; Balthazar would be completely free from its imprisonment here in the stone. Being imprisoned had taught him much, and patience was one of the greatest gifts it could receive, as revenge was a dish best served cold.
Reek looked at his surroundings and at the pitiful Balthazar.  Perhaps a long time ago it had been a worthy opponent but time had weakened it. The angel had come to him, it knew where the true power lay. He could do as it had asked, it was all in timing, being at the right place at the right time. The rest would all fall in his hands and once he had control he would put them all in their places. If he didn’t have to wait so long, the sooner the better, he was ready. Confidence oozed from his skin, none could conquer him. 
To prove his immense power he took the whip at his side and beat the kishi before him. He hit the side of its' face that looked like a human preferring it to the side that resembled a hyena. The pleasure of tricking his mind for a second that he had a human in front of it to control left him buoyant. The half human, half beast shrieked wondering what had provoked this beating, relinquishing the pain. 
As Reek looked at all the creatures in his power he felt his power swell, it was a good day to be him, his time had finally come.
-----*****-----
Anaya needed to concentrate having Daniel follow her had left her nervous, if it was that simple for him to find her then anyone could. She was in the void, having decided she would practice being like a kinyonga, the small lizards she had observed on occasion, they blended in the scenery virtually invisible to any in the surrounding areas. 
The void lent itself perfectly to this task, her thoughts becoming her landscape and paint brush.  She moved in front of a large boulder, the mix of greys and browns along with some orange were beautiful to look at, the pattern unique. In a moment her mind disciplined to become the rock, she disappeared to the naked eye. As long as her eyes were closed none would be able to see her. She just had to practice complete stillness and having her eyesight slightly compromised so the whites of her eyes couldn’t show. 
She had been completely still for over an hour when she saw a strange creature come closer to her, it resembled an angel, but its' colouring was off. It didn’t exude the power that she felt from Gabriel. It seemed to be looking for something or someone, when suddenly before her eyes she saw it transform into her beloved Gabriel. The beautiful golden tips on his wings coming into view as his majestic form stood before her, Anaya took a sharp intake of breath suddenly, “No” she screamed inside her skull! A single lonely tear ran down her cheek as she pushed her feelings of disgust aside, her beloved Gabriel was a fake. She had to use every ounce of her strength to keep up her disguise.
Sitael was sure he felt the girl here, so his surprise at finding the place empty of life left him forlorn. He scanned the countryside once more and saw only trees and a large boulder. Strange he could still feel her here, the day had been a strange one for him, since the beginning of the suns rising. One more thing to add to the heap was of no discourse to it.
The others had begun to choose sides, there were a few which could swing on either side of the pendulum. He wasn’t concerned with them.  Sitael wouldn’t take the time to be involved in such trivial matters. Time had brought much disappointment in others' loyalty and performance, instead it was much better to only deal with objects easy to control. He had planned to bring the girl under his control even more today, a few small notches were much more effective than a large gash. He quickly took his true form, his goal unattainable for the moment. He would fly around the surrounding area.  He could see much more that way. 
The light shone off his wings, the blackness of them casting a humongous shadow over all the land. Anaya thought they gleamed like an oil, slick.  The tips of them were white and seemed to stick out like swollen maggots. She stayed where she was for at least another half an hour, her mind racing, her Gabriel could not have always been an imposter, could he? 
She thought back to her previous visit with him, she had been so surprise to have him there, having never called for him by name. But her joy had dismissed the idea in an instant, now she questioned it all. That last visit had begun with an uneasy feeling, she tried her best to remember all that had been said between them. It had been a warning to not approach Zach and what else? She tried so hard to remember, there was more, she knew, then it came to her.  That last encounter she had had with that creature had left her with a feeling of complete and utter negativity. She also remembered it had told her not to mingle with others, suddenly her minds' eye brought forth a picture of her recent encounter with Daniel, it wanted her to stay away from Daniel, who else? It that very moment she decided to seek the truth at any cost.  Zach, he was in danger, she would have to examine the situation from all sides, perhaps the time had come for her to reveal herself to him. 
-----*****-----
His head was pounding having spent so much time online researching. Thomas got up and tried to stretch his legs. His progress in looking for Zach had brought him to many dead ends, but he had found something much more interesting right here in Glendale and he had been keeping a close eye on the entire scene and it seemed to be escalading. 
So far the information he had was that an entire section of the local hospital was shut down. There was an increase in the amount of electrical current found in the East Wing, on the third floor. It was interfering with hospital equipment. Patients with pacemakers were not allowed within one thousand yards of the wing. All patients had been transferred to already overcrowded rooms.
The more Thomas researched the less information he found to explain the strange sudden occurrences in that particular section of the hospital. Not too mention why the mental health departments were seeing an overflow of new patients also. Not the normal slightly depressed, all kinds of ordinary people were having hallucinations of long dead loved ones come back to life. 
Thomas had a strange idea suddenly and searched for any strange happenings inside the local Catholic churches. They were going through quite a stigma now with many lawsuits from a time long past of child abuse and molestations from some long dead priest. If his theory was in any way in the right path, they might have even more explicit events taking place within them. 
He scanned all he could, luckily he found a web site which provided a listing of all church bulletins. He scanned through to see if anything stood out of place. Picnics, catechisms classes, pot lucks and local fund drives. When he suddenly saw exactly what he was looking for.  A new priest had been brought directly from Rome and was willing to meet with parishioners to help with any recent spiritual occurrences. Bingo! He wrote down the new father’s name and the address where he could be found, but first he had to make a quick stop.  He needed proof before seeing the priest.
An hour later he slide past the nurses station on the third floor of the hospital and he saw the signs posted announcing the closure until further notice, of the remainder of the floor. He could feel his heart beating faster and faster. His palms were sweating, he had no clue what he would find when he got past the barriers. But he was realistic and his mind and heart were completely open to any and all possibilities.
He pretended to go towards the last patient's room, closest to the door to the East Wing.  He turned and saw the nurses were not paying him any attention. He ducked inside the clean utilities room.  He could already feel the energy and he wasn’t even ten feet from the doors. He had no idea which room Daniel had been in, it just had to be in this section.  There was no other explanation for all this strange phenomena. He wondered if what he thought he would find would be visible to the naked eye, most likely not, otherwise everyone would have seen it already.
As he took a deep breath trying to be brave and convince himself this was the right decision he clenched his hands into fist and peeked around the corner to the nurses station once more. No one looking, good, then he closed his eyes and prayed to God to protect him and half ran towards the doors, knowing if he hesitated he would just turn around and high tail it back home. 
As he opened the doors and scooted inside he let go of the breath he had been holding in. He then  relaxed, knowing he had made it there without any detection from the hospital staff. As he turned, he decided to get a closer look at what he had been trying so hard to reach.  On first examination he saw a empty hospital corridor, then he saw what seemed a shadow pass before his eyes. He tried squinting to try to make the image come into focus then it all seemed to materialize before him! They were everywhere!  He saw a young woman holding a child’s hand strolling along the corridor. Then he saw a older gentlemen, he could describe him as such because his attire hadn’t been worn in at least a hundred years. He had a long mustache that shone as if it had been oiled, the pants he was wearing only went to his knees and then he had long socks, the shoes had a square buckle and were slightly pointy. As he got close to Thomas he removed his hat and nodded his head in acknowledgement. They were coming at him so fast, he couldn’t keep track of them all. The air around him crackled with the energy of them all, and his breath was coming out in a white puff it was so cold. He rubbed his arms trying to stimulate some heat, but to no avail.
He knew he had to contact Selah with this find, she had to do something about them all, he followed the direction from whence they all came. He saw it was a patients' room, he would bet all the money he would ever make it had been Daniel’s room, where Selah had torn the veil between worlds. As he entered the room amidst many excuse me, pardon me’s, the dead were extremely polite from what he could see. He saw just what he had feared, a bright light shinning, and there was a horde of spirits pouring through the gaping hole from one world to the other.
Curiosity got the best of him, as he decided he would see for himself what was on the other side, if the spirits could cross why couldn’t he? He made his way slowly towards the entrance to the parallel world Selah had briefly told him about. As he inched closer he became increasingly more and more tense, was he being foolish to try to cross the other side? The question loomed inside his head. When he was a mere five feet from the opening he saw something black as night coming towards him at break neck speed! He could feel his pheromones increase dramatically, his heart felt as if it would burst in his chest it was going so fast and he was completely paralyzed, rooted to the spot. It came closer and closer.  He wanted to scream but found no sound coming from his lips. 
Just as it approached he could see it was deformed and had a small set of horns, it’s eye sockets were as deep as the pit of doom surely was. As it turned to face him he saw eyes as red as blood look straight through him. Just as it passed, Thomas felt instantaneous hatred, and incredible bloodlust for revenge. He could taste sulfur, rot and disease on his tongue as it ripped through his mind, the pain shooting into his limbs, as he passed out on the cold cement floor.
-----*****-----
Daniel was going out of his head with worry for Selah, he could barely feel her. He had an idea where she had jumped out of the void but he just couldn’t be sure. They couldn’t communicate whatsoever with one another through their thoughts so he was left wanting, and lost. If Zach decided to char Selah on his latest BBQ, he wouldn’t be able to help her in any way. He was being melodramatic, he knew but losing control left him this way.
Perhaps he should ask for help, Aladiah had offered to help him. Perhaps there was a way to reach her. But his common sense was telling him he would just have to wait until she came back to the void, through her dreams, or even crossing over again somehow. She had had to rip through the veil to come over on this side physically the last time, would she have to do that again? It somehow didn’t seem like such a good idea the second time around. If such was the case, the veil itself would get weaker and weaker until what, it would just disappear? The thought of the dead and the living mingling like a Saturday night mixer, left an unpleasant taste in his mouth, it just wasn’t natural.
He shifted and found himself where Selah had recently met Zach to talk to him, the entire place was burnt to a crisp. Nothing remained at all. The scene brought Daniel into a deeper gloom than he already was.  He knew he should just trust her to be able to handle herself but with the bond it was difficult to think without her at least being near. He would work out his frustrations with some exercises.  He shifted once more to a well remembered place from when he had first began training to be a guard. It was a practice field designed for just that, there were dummies strung about everywhere which would actually fight back to a certain extent.
Before he knew it he was lost in the heat of battle, mindlessly plowing through one enemy then another. Through the corner of his eye he could see he wasn’t alone on the field. There was another honing his art. He paid them no mind and continued until he was parched and sweat was dripping from his entire body. He was actually quite sore having exerted himself so much.  He bent at the waist trying to catch his breath, when he saw who the other person was on the field. His anger rose. He had never had the chance to repay him for his kindly deeds! His fatigue and thirst forgotten as it was replaced for a sudden need for blood. The one before him was Caleb.
Caleb had observed Daniel from a distance, as he had gone through the motions of his exercises. Daniel was beautiful to watch, his scimitars slicing through each foe as if they were melted butter, making it all look so simple. While Caleb choose the hammer for his weapon,  preferring the weight and balance of it, and used his left side more for defense so he could also carried a shield, unlike Daniel, choosing an offense with a weapon in each hand. Daniel was quick whereas he was stronger. Caleb knew that if he connected with one blow it could do much more damage than a few of Daniels'.
As he watched Daniel finish, Caleb turned to leave the arena, but for a brief second he looked back and saw Daniel had seen him. The look he saw there reminded him of why he had been brought back here to the beginning of his training, almost black listed from being a guard. He had been wrong in trying to oust Daniel with Selah. Sure, she had been with him in some previous lives but this had proven to be the most important one, and even though he felt in his heart he should be with her it didn’t mean it would happen. Caleb knew he had been lucky to have only been demoted.  As he saw the look of hatred in Daniel’s eyes he knew he had to get out of there. He was already on thin ice and his chances were few, he would not risk anything by acting hasty and running with his emotions.
Daniel began walking toward Caleb.  His intentions all but decided, he would finish this once and for all. As he shifted to get there faster he reappear at the exact spot Caleb had been, as he pivoted and made a half turn slicing with his right scimitar at the level of Caleb’s chest. Waiting for the contact with solid flesh, he spun around quickly and found himself falling, his balance lost with too much momentum. Caleb was long gone.
-----*****-----
Cece had been hearing many different stories since her return back to work, about the East Wing. She had shivers crawl up her spine from quite a few of them. She wondered if they had anything to do with how Selah had saved Daniel from his coma after the motorcycle accident. They all spoke of seeing many ghosts of past patients or of just plain ghosts. But not every one agreed with the sentiments.  Some nurses having worked on the floor for many years hadn’t seen anything unusual at all. They had felt a strange feeling as if someone was watching them and the hairs on their arms had risen but that had been all. Most said the sighting were only after a rather long night shift. So who really knew?
The fact that she was working a night shift made her all the more anxious to take a look at the elusive East Wing. Her shift was almost done.  She had already given her morning report on the patients she had taken care of and written her notes. She had had a good night, but since her encounter with Daniel and Selah she had seemed extremely lighthearted. She had stopped letting trivial things get her down and she was much more appreciative. She seemed to find joy in simple things, the smile from a patient, for example. How the little old lady and old man still held hands after how many years of marriage!
She usually would have sat back and chatted a bit with the nurses coming on for the morning shift now, but she had been thinking all night about the rumors. And since they had completely shut down the East Wing earlier in the week it gave her the opportunity without seeming too blatant. She made her way through the West Wing of the floor in question. As she neared the doors of the East Wing, she stopped at the nurses station as she saw an old friend sitting there alone.
“Hi Evelyn, long night?” she rubbed her hands together under the circular cubby where the nurses station was found, hoping she could pull off the lie.
“Cece wow you look great, I haven’t seen you in a dogs age. Just coming on?  I didn’t see your name on the schedule?”
“Thanks, but no, I’m almost done a long night, we ran out of some basic supplies and I thought I would just check the East Wing for them instead of ordering them from the supply room.” She stammered the sentence out as fast as she could praying for forgiveness for her deception. “And how have you been?”
“Well you know, having teenagers in the house always make for an interesting mix,” She smiled, “And yeah I don’t blame you for the supplies. We have been doing the same. Hopefully you find what your looking for.” She looked over as one of the doctors entered doing his morning rounds. “You take care Cece.”
She continued, a bit surprised at how easy the lie had rolled off her tongue. As she opened the door entering the East Wing she was instantly taken aback at the temperature, it was easily below zero. Had they shut off the furnace? Then she saw them, ghost aplenty, of every walk of life! They saw her because they acknowledges her presence and they all seemed to be heading in the same direction -  the emergency exit. She watched as they all disappeared down the stairwell.
She turned and decided to go back towards Daniel's old room, of only a few weeks before. She then realized that the spirits were coming from that very direction.  At first she hadn’t been able to see for sure but as she rounded the corner of the floor she couldn’t deny it was his room. As she entered she saw the hole they had went through the three of them, her eyes filled with tears at the memory of that day.
The feeling of arriving at the hospital to see her boy all better. Then to be there to witness his and Selah transformation, not to mention to have the chance to see what see had seen, and  the place they had brought her to. Every time she went back there in her thoughts she was brought to tears. 
She continued to watch the dead float through the opening of the parallel world beyond the veil. The place beyond the entrance looked like an exact replica of the hospital room. She was amazed at the varying age of the ghosts, as some were dressed in ancient clothing telling the era they lived in while others were from more modern times. She saw something that caught her eye, a ghost that seemed more real than the rest. It was of a young teenage boy, he was not moving like the others.  He was in a corner rocking gently back and forth. Something made her approach him, the closer she got the more she wondered if it really was a ghost. 
Why in the world would a teenage boy be here? She took a chance and spoke to him, “Hello, can you hear me.?” He continued to rock gently back and forth, she bent down and took his pulse, he reminder her of someone who had gone into shock. As she looked once more at her surroundings she wondered if he could see them also, that would put someone into shock, dead people all around you. She gently took his chin in her hands and turned his face towards her so she could look into his eyes. 
Thomas was having trouble keeping control of himself he was losing himself inside the anger, some part of himself knew it wasn’t him, he could picture the dark spirit he had seen. It was a battle of wills inside his very essence and he was slowly losing. When he saw the petite woman in front of him he could think of only one thing, the priest. He tried to get out one word.
“Pocket, pocket...” he could feel himself drooling, his bodily functions suffering, he had trouble remembering where he was and why, and every few seconds he lost himself completely.
Cece bent closer, the boy was whispering something, she had difficulty hearing him.  It sounded like he was saying “rocket” but that made no sense. She looked around for something, he seemed to have no motor skills. He had a look of pure helplessness, he repeated the word once more, “pocket” this time she understood him as she was close enough to hear the whisper.
She looked, he had a pocket on his shirt, she rummaged around and found a small piece of paper. She opened it and saw a name and address, Father Philip Hammond, Ste. Anne’s church. She was familiar with the church as it was the oldest in the area. She looked once more at the young boy, he looked in pain of a sort.
“You want to go here?” Cece watched the boy’s expression intently, he reached out suddenly and grabbed her hand, squeezing with all his might. She would bring him there to the priest. “Can you stand?” At that he lean towards her letting her carry some of his weight. She took all of this as confirmation and then they were off.
-----*****-----
 Zach listened to Selah warn him about his growing powers, as if she knew anything about him, he thought. He was keeping his anger in check, it was only a slow burning ember in the very pit of his stomach. They had not gone straight to his head when they went there he had absolutely no control taking over his senses.
“If you don’t come back with me then you won’t be able to get your memories back, and then learn how to control your emotions.” Selah looked at Zach, he was looking right at her, but she sensed she wasn’t getting through to him. She so wished she could contact Daniel she desperately needed his common sense right now.
"Listen, I'm sure your gonna find this angel of yours Selah, why your convinced it's me is kinda freaking me out, you're messed up, there no way in hell I'm any kind of angel." He thought of all his deeds in the past, knowing his chances to be good were already null and void.
“No Zach it’s you, I have no doubt whatsoever in my mind, everything points to you!”
“If you knew anything about me at all it would change your mind for good.”
“Are you talking about what has happened in the past?” Selah suddenly envisioned Zach standing over his stepfather’s pummelled corpse.
“Yeah, and like I said, you have no idea who I am and what I am capable of.” He lifted his hands seeing the blood permanently stained on them. It would never ever wash away in his mind, he would live with it for life.
“We have a very merciful God, Zach, you just have to learn to forgive yourself. Whatever happened in the past has made you into who you are today, you don’t want to change that.”
Zach shook his head back and forth, she had no clue.  This wasn’t no jaywalking incident, this was ending a life. Though be it a miserable worthless life that had a pleasure in hurting others, it had ended in his hands. “If I could change things I would, we didn’t all live in a sweet house with the white picket fence, with mama baking pies wearing a pretty little apron while daddy smoked his cigars in the living room.” The embers grew hotter but he was still in control.  “Some of us barely survived, went hungry on many a night, and learned to deal with pain as a close friend. How many nights were like that for you, my pretty little angel?”  His voice oozed of danger and a coldness that seeped into Selah’s bones. 
 “No your right, I haven’t had the same upbringing as you have, but I have a lot of lives to compare to with all my memories intact, and not all of them were peachy keen. I’m not trying to play up to you for sympathies, but I understand more than you think.”
Zach could almost smash her in the face right then and there, “Whatever you need to tell yourself in that little head of your to convince me you know of true suffering, will never quite fit the bill, if you get my drift.” He could feel the coals churning, wanting to take control of his senses. He had to end this conversation soon and somehow shake this feeling off if he could. He tried to convince himself that none of this was her fault in any way, she was just misguided. It wasn’t helping the feeling in his gut thought, that was rooted to him.
Selah was getting frustrated, she didn’t understand how to get through to him and the pressure of the time allowance she had placed on herself was only making matters worse. She was afraid to tell him what she already knew about him, it would most likely push him over the edge and it would not solve anything. Maybe if they went for a walk, she could sort out her thoughts some. “How about some air Zach, show me around and we will give this a rest for now.”
Zach looked at her, she looked almost defeated, almost was the key to that. She seemed tenacious enough to not let this slide too far off her course, but the break sounded nice. “That’s the first thing you’ve said in awhile that I can agree with.”
As soon as they went outside the sounds of the sirens, broke the peacefulness Selah had been hoping for, being raised in a small rural town it seemed to jar her and thinking was suddenly not her best option.
Zach had to admit there was an awful lot of fire truck sirens going when they stepped outside, but he soon was lost in his thoughts, the burning sensation in his guts still eating away at his insides.
-----*****-----
Jerry Blockhouse had been a firefighter for the last twenty years and he had never seen as many inexplicable fires happening in such a short time. San José was usually very quiet except for the dry seasons of course, when campers weren’t being careful, or the occasional careless cooks. But what he had borne witness to in the last twenty-hours would mark his very soul. He had bawled like a newborn babe when he had found the young girl holding her moms hand while the mom still held a bucket in her other hand... both burned to death. They had obviously not stood a chance against the flames that had mysteriously overtaken their apartment.
Just a few houses away an elderly lady had spontaneously combusted in front of her husband while eating their lunch and watching 'The Price is Right’, something they had done for the past thirty years. The husband  hadn’t stopped crying since. That had been the first two calls, a half an hour apart. All that had remained was the fine ashes of his loving wife, he kept repeating the words “She felt fine, she felt fine!”
Then the windows blew out of the local pet store and many of the animals' hair had been singed off. While the woods along Highway Forty-five had caught aflame the night before, they had not had a break since that very first call. They were all getting bone weary with the amount of calls coming in. They were also sorely understaffed. But what puzzled him the most was all of these incidents had no accelerants or causes to be found. He knew this because he was the safety inspector. And what was really creepy was that they were all surrounded one particular area. The old Sea Moor apartment buildings. They were all in sad need of repairs but nothing had been done with them in a long while. And it was full to the gills with bums and the downtrodden squatting there.
He had heard a strange story only awhile back from a bum down in that area about a young guy burning a fellow chum of his to a cinder!  Of course Jerry had dismissed it as a drunken binge gone terribly wrong or a hallucination thing. But, if he had been told of  it for the first time on this particular night, he would have not questioned it whatsoever. The world he knew was turning into a strange place, he jumped about a foot high when his partner Tom tapped him on the shoulder. The look in Tom’s eyes told him he wasn’t the only one to think so.


Chapter 11/ Decisions

Father Philip had been summoned to this rather small parish as a complete surprise.  He had had to do a total of five exorcism’s in the past three weeks alone. It was practically unheard of whence he had come from, the Vatican, where he had spent his past five years in the service of the Pope. Meanwhile, secretly, all his spare time was spent studying demonic possessions. He had hoped to preform a few in his lifetime, never once imagining it to become the norm. He had been deep into his morning devotions, when Sister Margaret interrupted him apologetically saying he had visitors.
He looked inside the church and saw a petite lady towards the back, alone sitting at a pew, hadn’t she said visitors, plural? She must have been mistaken, upon closer inspection he saw the women was wearing a hospital uniform. Black and white, if his memory served him, it stood for a registered nurse. As he approached she stood, she was tiny, no more than five feet tall. 
Cece looked at the priest earnestly hoping he was the answer to this boy’s prayers. She knew nothing about him, he had ceased to speak once she had put him in the car. How was she ever going to explain this, it had plagued her all the drive over.
“Good morning father, I have a problem I hope you can help me with.”  That was putting it mildly, as she thought of the tortured look the boy held since she had found him.
“Yes my child, but confessional is only once a month now, every second Sunday afternoon, I’m afraid, with the lack of parishioners wanting to confess their dastardly deeds!” He smiled a genuine smile at her, liking her instantaneously.
Cece felt her cheeks reddened, when was the last time she had been to confession? Perhaps when she was a child? Anyway, this had nothing to do with her, “No father, for this young boy he needs help and he wanted to see you, he had this inside his shirt pocket.” She produced the slip of paper with his information found on it.
Father Philip furrowed his brows, young boy, he proceeded to glance inside the pew she had been sitting in. Sure enough a teenage boy was laying on his side staring at the back of the next pew, he was shivering as if cold. “Are you alright son?” he touched the boys shoulder and found he was instantly freezing cold, as a tremendous shiver ran through his very soul.
Thomas felt the touch and turned his head slightly looking at what he hoped was his savior. The mere moments he had with control were fewer and fewer. He had to make him understand his predicament. “No, no control... he’s inside... need help.”
Father Philip saw the boys' eyes and understood he had seen this too many times in the past month to question it, “He’s under possession, how long has it been?  He seems to have some control?”
“I don’t know, I don’t even know his name.  I just found him an hour ago. I was coming off my shift at the hospital and found him.”  Helpless was how Cece felt, she wished she had even a bit of information on the boy.
“Help me bring him to the altar.  I will try a simple invocation if it hasn’t been too long perhaps it will help. From my experience it is somewhat like a stroke victim, the sooner you can treat them after the initial trauma the better.” 
As they brought Thomas to lay upon the altar floor, the priest ran and took Holy water from the the bowl used for christenings and doused him with it, then chanted  “In the name of Jesus Christ, by the power of His cross and blood, we bind the spirits, powers and forces of the earth, the underground, the air, the water, the fire, the netherworld and the satanic forces of nature. We rebuke any curses, hexes, or spells sent against us and send them directly to Jesus for Him to deal with as He will.  Lord, we ask You to bless our enemies by sending Your Holy Spirit to lead them to repentance. We bind all interplay, interaction and communication of evil spirits and clean the house out. We claim protection of the shed blood of Jesus Christ over us. Thank you for your protection, Lord. We pray this in the name of Jesus Christ, Amen.”
Cece watched as the boy thrashed and kicked obviously fighting what the priest was saying, when she suddenly saw a dark shadow release the boy as his body went limp. Cece immediately bent down and took his pulse.  It was strong and steady. Then she saw him open his eyes and smile. “I’m never gonna do that again, Holy shit, that was scary!” he remembered the priest suddenly, as he looked at him apologetically.
“What is your name?” Father Philip was surprised the spirit had let go so easily of the boy, he was curious to what had actually got him in this situation.  He hadn’t had the chance to speak frankly with any of the others he had treated.
“Thomas, my name is Thomas, and I can’t thank you enough. I thought I was a goner until Daniel’s mom found me, and then you saved me.” He gently took Cece’s hand and brought it to his lips in gratitude for her quick thinking.
“You know my son Daniel?” Cece wondered who this boy was she couldn’t recall Daniel mentioning anyone by the name of Thomas, or Tom even.
“I’m better friends with Selah, than Daniel.” He gave her a look he hoped explained how much he knew, Selah had mentioned Cece to him, and he recognized her from the arena where he had seen her at games, and practices watching Daniel play hockey. She had a face that was hard to forget.
Cece looked at him and wondered, he had a smug look about him, could he know? Why else was he there at the hospital in that very room? 
“I was hoping to talk to you Father, I didn’t think it would be from these circumstances.” He struggle to sit up. Cece tried to push him back down, “It’s ok, I feel much better now.”
Father Philip knelt down next to the boy, “Are you sure your alright you’ve just been through quite an ordeal, perhaps you should rest for a bit.”
“I can’t, we have to go back there, now that I know it’s real. You saw it too didn’t you, Mrs. Jones?” He pleaded with her through his eyes to let the truth be known.
Cece was at odds, what could she say? He had put her on the spot, and this was a priest for goodness sake, after what she had witnessed she dared not lie now. “Yes I saw them,”
“Them? Who did you see?” Father Philip was getting frustrated with all this beating around the bush. 
Thomas looked at Cece, she nodded her head in admonition, he took a deep breath and just let it all out, “There is a portal opening up inside the East Wing of the hospital, it opens up to the place where souls go, and they're coming out and interacting with the living.”
Father Philip looked at them both, he didn’t know if Thomas was serious, he glanced at Cece. She seemed to be in accordance with the boy, a portal?  What the hell were they talking about? “How could there be a portal, you must be mistaken!” Why was she agreeing with him? “Have you seen it also?”
“I have, I have gone through it, but I wouldn’t recommend it now... I had company when I went.” She would have to explain everything to this priest.  She hadn’t planned on revealing this to anyone else, but he had saved the boy and seemed trustworthy.  She had to follow her instincts. She wished she had Daniel or even Selah here to help her decide.
“You have to explain this to me.  You have gone through this portal into this other place? Where did you end up?” This was something, something he had waited for, was he prepared ?  Why else were there so many supernatural occurrences here in this sleepy town of Glendale? He felt the fear cling to his gut, he had always wondered why he had been called into the priesthood, while obsessed with the dead. But had never dreamed it would be like this, his heart pounding, if this was real he was already lost. As the boy inside the grown man realized, the occult was to remain a controlling, energizing obsession throughout his life.
-----*****------
The figure loomed over her, as she knelt before it, her Gabriel had come when she had called, Anaya wet her lips, her nerves making her mouth suddenly parched. She had to ask him, the truth had to be known.
“I’m sorry I have taken you away from your duties, most honoured Archangel Gabriel. I have a few questions to ask of you.” She clawed at the few blades of grass at her feet, nervously.
Gabriel loved this slip of a girl before him as his very own child, she had endured great suffering and been tested through fire and came out pure. He was mildly curious to her pleas but was adamant to answer too many questions. He sensed her distress and touched her with a bit of spirit to calm her fears.
“Have you ever come to see me before I asked you to?”  It was the most innocent way to ask without implying too much about any others.
“That’s a strange question, no, except for the first time I revealed myself to you, why do you ask this of me?”  He could already feel her frustrations mounting once more, even with his trickle of power trying to quell her fear. He did something he didn’t normally do he came closer to her, “May I see what you see my sweet little one?” He reached out his hands to her.
Anaya gratefully put her hands into his large ones, they vibrated with the enormous amounts of energy exuded from his very essence. Gabriel closed his eyes as the visions were released from her mind, she saw him tense at times as she knew he was feeling all her emotions past and present, all her experiences were being relived through him, his eyes opened after quite a long time, he didn’t release her hands but held her sensing her need for the closeness.
“You never really believed it was me with you these last times, did you?” She was such a remarkable thing, he admired her even more her strength.  She had been girded with Orion’s belt, she had the tiny marking on her neck, the three perfectly positioned moles aligned the same as the night sky.
“No, they felt strange not good like you, you make me feel...” the last word barely audible, “safe.”
“Yes, little one, you are safe.  I will always be there for you, you have only to call. You are my special one.” Gabriel wished he could remove the stigma an pain from her but the time wasn’t ripe yet.  She had to use it. It would propel her and keep her grounded. “I think you have to do what your heart is telling you, it is time to follow it.”
“Zach... my heart sings to him, he found me.” She shyly looked directly into her savior eyes, swallowed in their timeless depth.
“He hears it, and he came to its call, things will be set to right, you must not fear him, he will not hurt you, he feels the connection as strongly as you, my sweet. It is time.” Gabriel rubbed her hands infusing them with a measure of courage.  After what he had just witnessed he knew that a much stronger women would have never been able to be close with a man ever again.
He had seen the imposter through her eyes, Sitael had trespassed into his territory. The time and place to deal with such matters was not quite at hand, but Gabriel had other ways to protect what he cared about. He had heard that the council had met and some were against the rise of the earthly angels. He was one of the others that was overjoyed their time had finally come to be.
 He turned towards  Anaya and wove spirit and made a shield around her, it would alert him to any more attempts to damage this already scarred young girl. The weave was incredibly complex, it would alert him and also let her see the weaves around any others, it was an invaluable gift, he felt much better after it was done, he tied it off.
“I must return to my work now, fear not, your greatness has only just begun, I see wonderful things in store for you.” The average person would have shrunk at the task, but that was why he loved her so, she had been cast in bronze.
Anaya stood before him, her shortness a foresight as she held herself proud, she had been chosen. As he left, his beautiful golden tipped wings shimmed in the light. She had to find Daniel now and she knew with him she would be stronger to find Zach. She felt better than she had in a very long time.  Gabriel always did this for her, she realized this had been her clue that the other one had never been the real one, she had been very uneasy in his presence.
 
She wondered where she could find Daniel, she sat once more stilling her thoughts.  Her breathe came evenly as she let her body become as light as a feather. Then she saw him in her mind’s eye. She felt herself being pulled in the direction she sought, the void was an amazing place if used properly.

It had already been twenty-four hours since he had lost Selah, he wished she would at least come back in spirit then he could make the journey to her. But he needed a location to reach her, he didn’t like this, not one bit. Not being able to release his frustrations on Caleb had left him in a particularly sour mood.
He felt completely helpless, he had to do something or find someone to help him, he had the gift that was given to Selah at the beginning of their journey but not having her to help him decide if he should use it, left him doubtful. He could cross over himself but if she returned then he wouldn’t know, and he wasn’t sure he would be able to communicate with her on the other side. The signals here were clear, unlike earth, were everyone had cell phones and the internet jamming all the lines of communication. He was sure if one could physically see the signals pass it would be a incredible traffic jam in the sky.
Patience, that’s what he needed right now.  It had never been his strongest virtue. Still he had waited many lifetimes for her, it seemed to calm him as he thought of their immense journey getting to this point. If only they didn’t have such a limited time frame to accomplish their task. Knowing the other angels' powers would emerge on their own was a frightening thought. Without memories to guide them in how to proceed, well the damage could be catastrophic. Until they became more knowledgeable their choices would be on their own hands. And some of the results could be damaging to not only others but to themselves also.
He shook off the thoughts, it only seemed to depress him, they were in the future, Selah was his now. And he now found himself right back to where he had begun, frustrated and antsy. He needed a distraction, it came to him suddenly, he had to see his mom. She was the only one who could help him now, she had always been able to calm him when he became overwhelmed.
Just as he decided to travel to se his mom for comfort, his sight was shadowed by a small frame, Anaya stood before him her smile wide. “Daniel I am happy to have found you, you must forgive my actions before, I was disillusioned, but I am ready now.”
The surprise was apparent on Daniel face, “Ready? For what?”
“It is time to find him, to confront him, my Zach.” She knew he would always be hers' forever and always, he was all she had left. 
Daniel didn’t know what to say, this was the sign he needed.  Now it was just a matter of waiting to hear from Selah, his thought of his mom pushed aside. He had to find out as much as he could about the girl before him. “That is the best news I have heard all day, Anaya, I can call you that right, or how about Ana for short.”
Anaya had never had a nickname and Ana was still very nice, she looked up at her new ally. She couldn’t remember the last time she had trusted another man or women, times were changing indeed, “Ana is nice, and you will be Dan?”
------*****------
Selah and Zach had walked for the past hour, as she silently watched all the smoke from the fires that had been surrounding them. She bit her tongue, he had to come to the realization of the truth on his own. If she accused him of being the cause it might push him away for good, she had already overwhelmed him earlier. He did seem much calmer now and she hoped it was a sign of acceptance on his part.
Zach had never seen so many fires in this area before, he couldn’t imagine who would have started all of them.  His first thought was of the local gangs trying to put the squeeze on someone. But even as he thought this, his guts were saying something entirely different, still stubbornness made him shrugged it aside. 
He didn’t know how to digest Selah’s information on his identity.  It was so ridiculous to imagine. He had taken another’s life, regardless of their sins, he had made himself judge and jury. That alone took him out of the running, she was so damned adamant though. Then the idea came to him as bright as the eastern star in a clear sky. 
“I’ll help you find him, then you can let me off the hook.” Zach felt the relief flood his mind this would work, he just knew it.
Selah turned to look at him, she could see he was no closer to believing in himself than at the very beginning. She hesitated answering him, what could she gain from letting him linger on this train of thought?  She needed Daniel with her, to reassure her her voice of reason, besides she could have asked him and had Zach none the worse for not knowing their mental connection. She pondered at the idea, it would make it somewhat more feasible to get him to agree with her, she was in no way swayed from her belief in him. It would buy her time, with him at least until another solution presented itself.
“That means you will have to actually listen to me, in the search of course.” She lifted her eyebrows inquisitively, wondering if he would take the bait.
“Within reason, I won’t be doing some crazy shit just to please you.” He once again got the look of consternation upon his face. 
Selah looked away, that look could freeze a volcano over, how was she going to turn him around? Instead she smiled sweetly at him, ignoring the sounds of the fire trucks surrounding them, the commotion intense. She would play on his weaknesses, and what man could resist a demure woman?
“We have to go back to the void, I will have to open a portal, stretch one out.” She took Zach by the hand leading him back to his place.
“Wait, can I just get something to eat, don’t you eat?” he wondered if she was truly celestial suddenly, when she opened the portal he would see. She had never appeared to him looking like an actual angel.  Shouldn’t she have wings, or some other crap?
“Just grab something quick, she pointed to the deli halfway down the street, high tail it, buddy. Then we gotta go.” She wondered if she could somehow go into the void like she used to instead, just relaxing her mind and entering her subconscious, deciding it was a better way ,then she could contact Daniel right away and get him to open a portal to where her body was so she could go back whole.
Zach leisurely strolled out the deli chowing down on a enormous sandwich, “Wamma bite?” She could barely make out his words his mouth so full, he then smiled a dreadful smile his teeth full of meat and cheese, “Sexy eh...” pieces falling out as he tried to talk.
“Come on porky” She had to admit he was kinda cute even when he was a cocky SOB. She was concerned that if she opened a portal from this side the membrane she had encountered from Daniel’s hospital room would be much stronger than when she opened one on the other side and she didn’t want to rip the veil once more.
Once the reached his dingy apartment he called home she decided, “How difficult is it for you to enter the void on a normal day?”
“What do you mean, you were gonna open up a portal, remember?” his suspicions confirmed to her credibility.
“I don’t want to rip it again, I’m not entirely sure of the consequences from this side, what if it rips, do you seriously want an opening here in your apartment? Unless of course you're lonely and need some spiritual guidance?” She began to laugh at her sudden wit.
“Shit, your fucked up woman! Spiritual guidance my ass! Do what you have to do, this place is a dump anyway. So who gives a fuck, right?”  He had the look of recklessness about him once again.
She nervously bite her lip, he might not go over with her unless she opened the portal, or better yet she would have no control in how long he actually stayed with her.  If she brought him over he would be in her mercy. Yes, she would have to take a chance, prick a pin hole only.


Chapter 12/  Truth or insanity, you choose...

Thomas made his way back through the hospital, grateful he wasn’t alone this time, he had thought Father Philip would have resisted much more easily to the prospects of a hole leading to another dimension. But that had not been the case.  Thomas could feel the lingering fear clinging to him from his recent experience with the now doomed room in the East Wing.
Cece was tired, but afraid to walk away from the situation, it had been Daniel and Selah’s doing.  There had to be a way to contact them about the turmoil it was causing, she had listened attentively to the priests' explanation of all the exorcisms he had preformed here in the last month. It was much greater than she had imagined, the spirits had run amuck for a long time now. She prayed that it would be a simple cure.
They went up to the floor through the same way she had brought Thomas out that morning.  She looked at her watch, she had been up for the past twenty-eight hours, but it felt as if she had recently awakened, her nerves were so raw. She wasn’t looking forward to returning to the scene of the crime!
Father Philip wasn’t sure what to expect.  He had doubts running through the back of his mind, they had to be mistaken, but in the same instant his curiosity put one foot in front of the other leading him into the unknown.
As they approached the stairwell Thomas saw the spirits pouring through the closed door, he turned and saw Cece was seeing the all too familiar sight, whilst Father Philip walked on unbeknownst to him of any calamity.
Thomas and Cece stopped dead in their tracks, the priest turned back, he lifted his arms up in question, “What?”
“You don’t see them?”
“See them?” he looked around not seeing anything unusual with the corridor.
Cece walked up to him, “You have to open your heart to them, you have to believe to see, it is time your test your faith Father.”
He looked at her confusingly, “What do you see?”
“Spirits, they are everywhere.” Cece declared.
Thomas just stood there nodding his head in absolute agreement. He was filled with, trepidation, rooted to the spot like some dream where he had no control of his bodily functions, the memories, suspending him in time.
Father Philip took hold of the cross he wore on a chain around his neck, it was large and heavy, a gift when he entered the priesthood.  His mother’s last gift to him before she passed. He knelt down and began to slowly say the prayer “Our Father who art in heaven, hollowed be thy name...", then as he opened his eyes he caught his first glance, he blinked unsure of his own eyes, then they all came to light, he gasped clutching the cross fiercely. He stumbled as he tried to rise from the floor.  Cece came to his aid, he touched her arm, never looking at her, not being able to remove his gaze at the sights before his eyes. His doubts vanishing with each new face, of the old and new he encountered. They nodded to him, acknowledging the white collar he wore as a talisman of sorts.
The trio slowly made their way to the stairwell, absent of words, as the emotions hung heavy amongst them. The had managed to grab onto one another’s hands, as they crawled up the steps leading to their possible demise. 
As he got closer Thomas felt his heart racing frantically, he felt his hands get cold and clammy suddenly, then as soon as it began he felt the sudden release. The wall slammed in front of him in a fraction of a second. It was as if he had been pulled inside his very skull, looking out the scene in front of him enfolding like the latest movie on the big screen. He had lost all control, but he had continued to walk and was holding Cece’s hand, “Cece, can you hear me?” he screamed to the top of his lungs.
Cece could sense Thomas’s fear, it was completely understandable. He had loosen his grip suddenly on her hand she turned to look at him, and saw him look back at her with a smile, she glimpsed a hateful look in his eyes for an instant, but just as quickly it was gone.
Thomas continued screaming, but his voice was never heard. He had been submitted... he was not alone inside his core, the priest hadn’t taken it all out. He suddenly heard a menacing laughter, “We waited, we are many, we are free.” Thomas’s piercing screams broke through the laughter, “You belong to us...”
-----*****------
Zach slowly cleared away the room still speculating on Selah’s actual abilities, she said she needed space. He watched her reach into her hair pulling out a incredibly shiny pin, silver he thought. She sat on the floor crossed her legs in an yoga position, making a circle with her forefinger and thumb. 
“Hold still, and shut up.” Selah closed her eyes concentrating.
Zach lifted his hands up in fake defeat. And sat down on his nearby bed, his patience’s were few and far between.  He hoped this wouldn’t take long.  He began to chew his already too short nails.
Selah felt her spirit reach out for the invisible wall, she once again made herself light as air straining to stretch out until she could feel it within her grasp, it was much easier this time, she actually knew what she was doing.  She slowly pulled the pin the spirit used to create the portal, it trembled with its power.  She poked it through the veil as if she was cutting melted butter. The horrible ripping and tearing sounds of the first time she had broken through were nonexistent. She pulled with the pin until she managed to poke her finger inside the tiny hole, stretching as much as she could, it seemed to be much more resistant on this side. 
Zach had grown so tired of watching her not move he had chewed his fingernails until they bled. Then laying his head upon his pillow had fallen into a deep sleep, he had never warned her that he slept like the dead. He had thought of it just before he lost consciousness, she would have to shake him, to wake him. Hey, that rhymed, he thought, it brought a smile to his face just as he drifted.
“Zach, come help me...” she listened for his heavy steps coming towards her but heard nothing. “Zach I need your strength.” Selah spoke even louder, then she looked over and saw him fast asleep on his bed, the room around her was dark, what she had thought was a mere few moments, must have turned into hours. She hoped Zach hadn’t gone over to the void in his sleep it would complicate things so.
Selah struggled with the opening of the veil, it was making her work tremendously hard trying to make the hole big enough to get a small rabbit inside let alone herself and Zach’s double wide shoulders. “Zach wake up!” she shouted now as she was getting so weary with all her effort. 
She was breathing heavy and all her muscles hurt, she needed Daniel, oh how she needed him now. She stopped screaming for Zach, her efforts were obviously wasted. She couldn’t give up now, she had come so far, she would have to wait a full day to get her physical strengths back after this attempt. She grunted with the effort, when suddenly she had a tremendous idea.  She could weave air to hold the hole for a second to give herself a break. She closed her eyes as the sweat poured off her forehead, clouding her vision. She wove a thread, two, it was zapping her remaining strength, it gave her a small reprieve. As she caught her breath, she turned and managed to throw a shoe at Zach’s slumbering form. Just missing him by a few inches, she only had one shoe left. She hoped it would find it’s mark.  She let her instincts take over, she heard a small faraway voice tell her “ Hold on, don’t let go, you can do it.”
Daniel had felt her use her powers from a long distance and could hear her, it was as if she were whispering, but it was all he needed as he followed her voice and got closer and closer to her with every leap.  He hoped Anaya had had the sense to follow him, it didn’t matter now he had to reach Selah, the closer he got the more he realized how truly spent she was, he spoke to her, “Hold on, don’t let go, you can do it.”
The scenery whizzed by him, no more caring if Anaya was following his lead, he only had one goal, his only reason. He could feel her presence getting stronger and stronger, the closer he became. He didn’t want to startle her too much so he chose to stay quiet, he hoped she could feel him somehow.
Selah had missed Zach after the last attempt at throwing her shoe, a ball player she would never be. She was so distracted,  her focus scattered and she was so full of anxiety to having come so close to no avail. But alas she was not defeated yet, she let go of the weave and tried one last time to physically open the portal.  The hell with Zach, she let her determination guide her, she thought of her rock, her steady anchor, Daniel. She could do it for him, he was waiting on the other side she could feel him.
The hole she had begun was the size of basketball, she decided she would put all her efforts in one last ditch attempt. She felt the hole widen ever so slightly to the size of a beach ball, she could probably fit through now.  She desperately tried to turn her body ever so gently to align herself to stick a foot through, but as she turned herself her hand slipped. She barely retained her grip on the inside of the opening. It was now putting intense pressure on her left wrist, and the strength to weave a miniscule thread of power would do her in for good. She heard the bones in her wrist give way as she heard a cracking sound, the tears of frustration ran out of her eyes, as the pain bloomed throughout her arm.
She could no longer hold it, she released her fragile grip on the shrinking hole, defeated. As she fell back towards the floor, and let go of her emotions, it would be awhile before she could attempt that again, she turned to look at her good for nothing partner, Zach, he was actually snoring softly now. She wanted to kill him, her anger overwhelming her. She instead closed her eyes and cried for her failure, for all her inadequacies, for her pain in missing Daniel.
Never noticing the wrist that has darted through the hole in the very last possible moments, Daniel wriggled his fingers, getting a firm grip to open wide the hole Selah had begun. As he opened it he saw his heart’s desire laying before him, he could feel her pain shooting through her wrist, her every emotion. He let his love pour out to her through the bond, soothing her wounds and ego.
Selah felt the wave of love come at her with a ferocious intensity, filling her very soul. She opened her eyes to see Daniel standing his arms stretched wide, holding open the portal she had begun. 
“Are ya just gonna lay there all day?” his smile at seeing her lighting the depths of his own soul.
She couldn’t get up any quicker, so filled with immense joy at their reunion. She ran to him forgetting her pain as she kissed every inch of his face. “Oh Daniel, I have missed so, my sweet Daniel!”
“Ok. Calm down, before I loose my grip on this thing. Are you alone?” He thought she had been with Zach? What had he done?
“Sleeping beauty is over there, hold on.” Before she went over to wake Zach she planted a long slow kiss firmly on Daniel’s parted lips, she felt her desire mounting. She completely forgot the pain of her wrist, his presence so intoxicating to her. Reluctantly she ripped herself away, never removing her eyes from his as she walked over to the bed and hit Zach hard on the side of his head. She smiled a deliciously wicked smile at Daniel, “He so deserved that.”
Zach felt the pain and ringing in his ear instantly, he sat up in a flash. “What the fuck!” as he clutched the side of his now throbbing head.
Selah broke her gaze with Daniel’s for the moment, “Get up sunshine time to cross over, she once again caught Daniel’s eye, his grin was irresistible. “This is Daniel, my guard...” In her mind she finished her sentence “my love, my soul, my life.”
Daniel couldn’t have loved her more in that instant, “Always, until the end of time, my sweet Selah.”
Zach looked at the scene before him, the man holding the opening into the void sent chills down his spine, his arm muscles were strained from keeping the opening wide enough to have them enter, he was wearing wrist bands made of pure silver, and he had a vest spun of the same material, alongside his hips hung two menacingly sharp curved blades. They looked as if they could slice through metal, the edges glistening. But it wasn’t all these things that made him shiver, it was the look in his eyes as he took a measure of Zach, it was a raw power, a hardness as unbreakable as the strongest steel, the same as his weapons. He was the equivalent of his weapons but in the flesh, full of confidence and knowledge in himself, that exuded throughout his core.
He got up slowly rubbing his head, truly surprise at the opening before him, he saw the void enfold beyond. And as Selah crossed over he watched as she instantly transformed, her hair made of spun silver, her attire changed to a shining silver dress, as her wings enfolded before him. So beautiful the sight, he felt tears come to his eyes as he bent to one knee, he was not worthy to see such a thing.
He felt the softest of touch in his head, his pain gone as Selah beckoned him to follow. He stepped beneath Daniel’s hulking stealth form, as he crossed he watched as Daniel released his hold on the portal. He stepped to Selah, gently taking hold of her wrist, and healing her with his own life force. As he brushed her hair from her face, his fingers lingering over her slightly parted lips. Their minds were once again as one.
“Ahmm...” Zach cleared his throat, not wanting to interfere with the energy between them as it hung so palpable in the air. They were an intimating duo, “Guard eh, not the other way around?”
Selah had momentarily forgotten Zach, his interruption brought her back down to reality “To be continued mi amor.”  “What has always been considered truth is hearsay, guardian angel, came from guards of angels, it was just more convenient for the humans to use them to their advantage so they came out with the tale of guardian angels instead.” 
“Does he know who he is?” Daniel couldn’t help but ask.
“Yes, but he doesn’t’ believe it, he wants to help me find himself.”  Selah let out a low chuckle. She looked as Zach, hoping he didn’t realize she was laughing at him.
Daniel turned to look at him, “Actually I know someone who is quite anxious to finally  meet you.”
Selah turned to him, the surprise showed on her face.  He had managed to keep this under wraps as she read his mind.  She felt the first glimmer of light, fill her. This could be what she had been waiting for, she tried not to set her hopes to high.
Zach looked surprise who could want to meet him? It left him confounded, he wondered if this was some sort of trick, “Who would even know who I am?”
Daniel looked at Selah, this was bad he truly didn’t believe in himself, “He believes his hands are stained so full of blood that  it could never be him, he doesn’t remember all the battles fought by the angels before, and the blood we had already spilled at Badr alone, all in righteousness.”
“Give him credit and time, if he only knew he has always been more righteous than all of us.” Selah reminded him.
“Someone very special to you, they might help you remember, are you game?” Daniel hoped he had peaked his interest.  Looking at Zach now, the tattoos of the cross, and what looked like an angel of death, reminded Daniel of times long past, he hadn’t been able to picture him, until now as he saw him, but just then all their past memories floated to the surface. And there it was, that look in Zach’s eye’s it was an old familiar one, it held determination, resilience, they had always led him to his one driving force. Perhaps Anaya was the key, she seemed to think so. 
As Zach took them both in, he felt the shift, things were changing around him, he had to chose now, would he be part of it or a bystander, his soul yearned for one thing, the truth, “I’m ready when you are.”
------*****------
Peter had let the happenings of the past few weeks rest upon him, accepting the things he would have never believed before. Cece had helped him immensely, and seeing Diana, well, no words could have described what it had done for him. He was in a peaceful place, she was continuing and she would be there for Selah, the fact that he knew deep inside his heart that they would truly meet again. 
It became for him an extension to his life force, renewing his purpose. He spent more time with Jacob, and had even decreased the hours he usually put into his monotonous job. He arranged his priorities differently. Even his food he ate tasted better, he enjoyed every morsel as he brought it to his lips. Relishing the texture and flavors intertwined together to make the ultimate mouth experience. He had even began taking cooking classes, it had been something he had always told Diana he would have loved to do, but had always procrastinated.
There was none of that now, he discovered he was a damn fine cook. Had even put on five pounds in the last few weeks alone. He wasn’t happy with simple recipes though, the more complex the better, he was addicted to the Food Network and wrote down all the recipes he could. Jacob would be home soon and he would try out his new concoction tonight, his mouth watered as he stirred the pot on his marsala sauce, the chicken was already dripping juices showing it’s succulence. All he had to do was smoother it in the sauce and began working on his side dishes. 
The phone ran as he was just putting his dish in the oven to cook. He wiped his hands on his dishcloth, and smiled. This was gonna be so freaking good! He popped a cherry tomato in his mouth as he picked up the phone. 
“Hello?” He figured it would one of the many telemarketers that had been endlessly calling every day, and he prepared himself to hang up. He had never realized how many did call in the run of a day, he had never been home before, and Diana had never complained. He would get an answering machine and start screening his calls. “Hello?” That was it he was gonna hang up.
“Hey Dad... what’s up?” Jacob had been dreading this call, he figured his dad was cooking up a storm already.
“Hey bud, how was your day?”
“Good, good...”
“So what’s up, wait till you get home tonight, I found this awesome recipe for chicken marsala, MAGNIFIQUE!!” he laughed at his own clumsy french.
“Yah, that’s sorta why I was calling.” Jacobs voice got increasingly lower.
“Oh!” Peter wondered where this was going.
“Well, I was thinking of just bringing Tracy out for supper...” Peter heard the long sigh “then a movie.”
“I see...” Then Peter got a bright idea. “Just bring her over to eat here, it will save you some cash, have some awesome food, then you guy can go out to the movies afterwards, solves everything right.” 
Jacob had feared this very thing, he had become his dad’s new best friend.   It had been cool at first but he desperately needed his own space now, and he didn’t want to hurt his feelings. He needed his own friends, and Tracy was getting on his case for alone time! “Well we kinda want to be alone, for a change.” He listened for his dad’s response, the line went completely silent for what seemed a long time.
Peter held the receiver and was dumbfounded, he had all this food!  What would he do with it all, he would be eating chicken marsala until it came out of his ears, for Christ sake. No this wasn’t Jacob fault, he had assume too much.  If he thought about it, the boy had left him many hints over the past week, Tracy’s not happy...yada, yada, yada. He had been too self absorbed to listen.
“Dad, you still there?” God he hated disappointing him.
“Yeah, still here, it’s ok...no prob. Have fun with Trace, ok.”
Jacob read the sounds of his voice much more deflated than at the start of their conversation. “How bout you invite some of your friends over,” he could picture the pile of food his dad had made, it was like that every time. “I’m sure they would love to try your mustard chicken... I just need to do this or she’s gonna get really pissed, you understand right dad?”
Peter knew he had to reassure his youngest child, “No it’s fine, that’s a great idea Jake, have fun with Trace, it’s ok really.” They hung up the phone as Peter sat slumped in his chair.
Mustard chicken! Shit! What was he gonna do now? Call his friends? He hadn’t socialized in the last few years, who would he call? Bob from accounting? His wife was a pushy bitch, she would pry about Selah. He raked his brain trying to think of someone to invite, then a pretty little face floated in his vision. Cece, she wouldn’t be pushy, they had a good rapport and she made him laugh. 
He smiled to himself, not a date of course, but what if it was, he stopped himself short. She wouldn’t want to go out with him, he found his heart begin to beat a little faster. Would she? He began to doubt everything about himself, even his cooking. No he wouldn’t call her, she wouldn’t like his cooking, he convinced himself. 
Then for the first time since Diana had passed he was not thinking of his late wife.  His thoughts became congested with another, Cece!  Her face, her petite frame, that wholehearted laugh, her confidence and strength being alone all these years and those piercing grey eyes. He closed his eyes just then and imagined himself in a dark room with her, those beautiful grey eyes watching him, as he slowly undressed her, his heart quickening to match the longing inside him. He moaned suddenly as he brushed the front of his trousers surprised with the revelation of his findings.
He got up quickly and ran the cold water onto his face, this was just insane! He shouldn’t feel this way about her... Dammit! She was Daniel’s mom. Daniel was like a son to him, his eyes swept over everything in the kitchen, at the mess he still hadn’t begun to clean, then once again glanced down at his crotch, the evidence of his dreaming still apparent. Yes this was insane, but it was the truth, it was the first time in a long time he had let his himself think of a woman in that way. And nothing had broken because of it, he felt only relief that he could, and would. As he let his previous thoughts linger, he decided to go to his bedroom and finish what he had started, it would only take a few minutes, then he would call her, and invite her, he had nothing to lose. And so what if she said no, he had discovered something he had forgotten, he had come more alive because of it but had been still fearful. It was time to truly live and put his fears aside.
He decided that as soon as he lay upon his bed, he would face the truth... he would call her... his thoughts became once more consumed by her, and as he finally released, the tears of new beginnings lingering in his eyes, as he moaned her name over and over.


Chapter 13/ From whence this way come?

Releasing the boy from their secure grasp, was not an option. But the word had come down the line that the great one was searching for the earth angels, and they had lucked out and found something that could lead to their own greatness. 
So releasing one of their members to gain so much was a given, as they approached the portal they had struggled to get through in the very beginning. The least of them was to pass the message along. They had luckily found a chain that would lead to a silver string, once they receive admonition for their capture they could leave this shell and obtain much glory back in their 'homeland'.
The disgust at the weakness of this human form, was stifling. The humans were pitiful creatures full of emotions and succumbed easily to pain. There were few and far between that held the stamina for suffering, suffering brought about endurance making substance unbreakable in spirit. 
When they had heard Balthazar had awakened, the very marrow of their substance had been frozen for an instance. That was fear, not the piddly emotion the humans had, fear after thousands of years, after the torture. Balthazar had a way to make death look luxurious, sought after, pleaded for. That made character, substance with never-ending endurance, not to mention loyalty without question, without demand, one just did, out of the fear of omission.
The woman beside him could not be made to see the departure, she had a glow about her, she had been touched by greatness, they knew. She stank of goodness, of creation, the smell permeated through her flesh, Balthazar would love to have a new toy of that they were sure. They would crawl to it with great trepidation to send the message, there she turned away.
The darkness slipped from Thomas as fast as the speed of light it, seemed a trick of the eye so small the slight. The look of satisfaction came upon the boys face, it would be done. The shadow flew through the portal searching for the other portal, the hidden one, the one unknown to many. It would lead it down the dark depth where there was no redemption. Where the light never shone. Quickly it sped never stopping, for fear of failure in the eyes of Balthazar was an unspeakable penance. Time had no essence here, it could have been a mere hours since the last encounter, so fresh the memory.
Swiftly it dove deep into the caverns of the abyss, the portals' opening to its darkness of soul. The sulfur had to be strong to enter these hallowed passages, the light completely extinguished, for the light created resistance. The light was positive therefore pulling one up not allowing the descent below. It had no resistance, the light having been extinguished long before. 
It felt it now, the smoldering heat, it had crossed to another plane of existence. It was comforting, the smells of home, ash and brimstone, the first shivers of the delicious heat. The inner core of this place where they had been banished for so long. But nothing is forever they had learned and many now crossed to reek havoc on the unsuspecting. It brought pleasures in the pain. Pain was their sustenance, what made them stronger.
It was closer now, it could hear Balthazar’s vibration, the low rumbling of immense power. It saw many as it passed, for a second it paused, there was power here, but where was it’s king? It had no eyes, it only felt power as it approached the vibration, but the truth rang clear. Reek! Was that Reek? Why did he smell of power? Then he saw it, the glamour put on him by another, it brought a smile to his invisible lips. He would never know what hit him, ah such delights to behold... he wished to be here, to see that one fall...
Then the pull awoke it from it’s reprieve, the vibrations calling him, acknowledging his presence. Come to me, come tell me your secrets... it ran with pleasure at being noticed, it ran to the great one so close before him. He must please it, it was it’s only want, need, to fulfill. As the vibrations before him grew, so great the power, it hummed as a song, a sirens song luring him in, beckoning his sulfuric soul. Then alas it was accomplished, as it slid into the very essence it so desperately sought. 
As the link was formed, Balthazar now saw through the eyes of the boy, the look in Thomas’s eyes was soul crushing, he chuckled lowly, patience had been the key. And would continue to be the key, it would wait...and see. Thomas’s spirit shrank as small as possible in the very recesses of his mind, the new intruder making him wish he could relinquish his soul, then and there, never to be again, as the pain enveloped him.
Cece was at a lost for words, as she looked at the expression on Father Philips face it was one of incredulity for sure, and perhaps overwhelming for him also. She remained quiet but constant beside him, she barely glanced at Thomas. Reassured the boy was back to normal, she concentrated on the priest. He hadn’t spoken a word since arriving at the portal, it was as if he was mute.
Father Philip watched with amazement the sights before him.  There were hundreds entering through the portal every few minutes. They seemed harmless enough, but were they? The rituals he had preformed were not on these types of spirits. They had all been black as night when they had exited the victims. He had not seen any here, or at least he thought. But a darkness had appeared in the corner of his sight line and vanished just as quickly, so he had dismissed it as nothing.
But the thought of all these souls, he hadn’t been able to see them at first did that mean that they could go unnoticed? But for the ones that could see them how would they react? Did this mean the extinction of an era? Should he contact the Vatican with this information? So many questions lingered in his mind, it should be closed but how to do this? He turned to Cecile besides him.
“You said you had company when you crossed into, there...” he didn’t even know how to properly phrase such a thing.
“Yes I was with Selah and my son Daniel.” She wrung her hands together, how much could she tell?
“I think it would be wise to ask them to explain this phenomena now to me, before I hastily make any decisions I might regret.” His face had looked differently just moments before, he had already aged dramatically right before her very eyes.
“I will try to call them, I’m not sure how they usually do the contacting.” She thought of when she had shown them to Peter, it had been the plan.
The boys memories showed he had a way to contact them, this was so thrilling to have found such perfect pawns in this game of chest. “I contact Selah from time to time, she talks to me in my dreams.”
Father Philip clutched his head, his dreams, this was beginning to be entirely too much for his now fragile psyche. He needed to leave this place, he had to regain his focus. His entire life had been given to the Father, Son and Holy Spirit, but upon seeing actual spirits with his own eyes, it uprooted his entire reasons for that belief system. He had to pray for guidance out of his mental fog, he could not think straight.
Cece turned to Thomas “Can you relay the message, how dire the situation is here, Thomas, perhaps they can come and close the portal.”
Close the portal indeed, he would have her in his grasp, so close he could taste her sweet powerful spirit, filling him, intoxicating him. He would bring her to the abyss and make her pay for all the years of wanting, the exile would be short lived once he had her.
“Thomas? Did you hear me?” he seemed to be in another world entirely, she figured this place did awful things to him, it had only been a little while, the memories must be fresh, at the surface.
They turned towards the voice speaking to the boy, “Sorry, I heard you, I just...”
She grabbed the boys arm, he was freezing cold, he must be a mess being here so soon after, “It’s ok, how about I bring you home, you can contact me when you reach Selah and we can arrange a meeting to deal with this problem, I know they will clear all of this up for us, right Father Philip?”
“Yes, clear it up.” The boy  shook his head as they all were in agreement. This gem of a boy had all the answers that had been plaguing Balthazar, the missing pieces in his plans. He would bring them right where he wanted them.
-----*****-----
Daniel returned them all where he had been earlier with Anaya, he hoped she was still there. She had a tendency to be flighty, so he wasn’t sure, but she had promised Daniel her loyalty to their cause. It was only through him that she had agreed to confront Zach, they needed to deal with the reaction it would cause from their initial meeting. 
He looked at the scene before him, he saw no signs of Anaya, he wasn’t dismayed though he had been impressed by her abilities to disguise herself in the most opened of areas. They walked along the scarce landscape, he held tight to Selah hand not giving her any chance to be further than a few feet away from him. The short time without her had left a deep impact on him.
Zach wondered who could help him find his true self, it had stirred something deep inside himself. There wasn’t anyone here, he scanned the countryside, not even a building of any sorts. He lingered a few steps behind the lovebirds, it had taken him all of a few minutes in their company to see they were in a league all by themselves, present company excluded.
He turned to see if there was anything he had missed behind him, he would go for a stroll. The void was definitely different being here in his full physical being. He was as bright as the noon day sun. He felt much more powerful he could burn this field with a simple wave of his hands. He was frustrated with not finding this person he sought, they hadn’t divulged any information to him, and frankly he was afraid to ask. His mind was blank to their connection to him, his mom was the only one he could think of, he had never known his dad, and his stepdad, well there was no possible way it was him. Unless this was some sort of lesson they wanted to teach him?
He again turned to face them, shit they were at it again, what the hell was he doing here. So much for new beginnings, he thought. 
Anaya had been watching him come closer, her heart beat faster with how close he was. Gabriel had told her now was the time, and she had promised Daniel to only reveal herself if he was near. He was just over there, she let her doubts disappear and her instincts come to the surface. He was right in front of her, he was blind to not see her, just as he turned to look at Selah and Daniel she leaped, her small arms took a hold of his large shoulders as she placed both her feet on the small of his back, forcing him to bend backwards until he made a complete back flip, his face pushed into the dry tall grass, as he groaned from having his breath being knocked from him. 
She sat on his back as she pulled a blade of grass, chewing on it casually. He was having trouble catching his breath, she peeked at his face as he lifted it up trying to breath.
“Who the fuck are you?” Zach could still feel the pain in his chest where the air had been knocked out of him, he saw the small face reading him. She had laughter in her deep emerald eyes, she was clearly amused with his reaction. “Get off me”
Anaya laughed now wholeheartedly, it was a joyful sound deep from her belly. 
Daniel turned and saw the unexpected reunion, he smiled. Selah began to go help Zach, as Daniel stopped her, “This is her time now, come on, we have to give them some privacy.”
Zach was trying to get up, but she kept pushing his head back, her laughter continuing. Finally he lifted them both up, as he turned quickly trying to grab a hold of her as he did. She slipped out of his grasp like a slippery eel. They were facing one another Zach sitting facing forward with his legs stretched before him and her crouched like a lioness ready to strike.
The second he faced her, all his pent up emotions disappeared. “You, I have seen you before...” Zach remembered when he had let himself drift and had found himself watching her throwing her knives against a huge tree. He had been drawn to her then pulled to her like a magnetic field, as her eyes mesmerized him.
Anaya smiled, her teeth a brilliant white, her eyes twinkling, “You saw me?”
Her accent was thick but understandable, where was she from? “Yes, not too long ago.”
“I see you all the time.” She would hide nothing from him, of this she knew.
“You do? When?” Zach had only seen her once, he perused his mind trying to remember any other instant of seeing her, she had such a beautiful face, so full of life.
“When you came here, I followed you many times.” She watched his expression expecting anger at her confession, he was so filled with it at times.
“Here? I have never been here?”
“Here in the void with your spirit only, like you, I have only come here like this, because of them.” She turned to point to Daniel and Selah, they were a fair distance away now.
“Every time I was here?” he closed his eyes picturing all she had seen. He seemed to get more and more distance as the seconds passed.
She could feel his pain floating to the surface, he had never managed to let go of any of it. “It made me want to help you more and more.”
He turned his head to the side, “Why would you want to help me, I’m not worth the trouble.” He folded his legs readying them to get up, until the small hand gently took hold of his knee, the touch stopping him.
“You will never be trouble for me, this I know here.” She took his hand and brought it to rest on her small chest, over her heart. “Being able to finally speak to you has made me happy here.”
“Why, what am I to you?” He felt a connection but words could not describe what he felt upon meeting her, it was like...nothing he had felt before.... it took him so completely off kilter. He was almost afraid to think it... it was like a homecoming.
Anaya still holding his hand gently pressed to her heart, closed her eyes, as a single tear leaked from her eye, “I don’t have all my memories but this one is so very clear,” she paused as she took a deep breath having waited so long to admit these very words to him. “ your soul is and has always been the brother to mine, we are family.” 
He let the information settle on him, it wasn’t obtrusive like Selah’s declaration of him, this was much more subtle as it sunk in deeply. It made him smile, it fit, this little thing, his soul sister! She did make his soul sing siting here with him, he hadn’t been very angry when she had back flipped him, it had stirred something deep, they had done that before. He looked deeply into her eyes then took her hand and did the same as she had done.
Anaya took a deep intake of breath, for a second she felt her grip on her control waver, no man had taken hold of anything on her since that terrible night. But this was what she had been waiting so long for. She allowed her muscles to relax in her hand, she must show him trust, to receive the same.
“You have awakened something here in me also,” as he pressed her hand deeper. “I had never dreamed I could have a sister, especially one as beautiful as you.” He could see every mark and scar upon her petit face, she was a sight to behold, as she held nothing back from him, letting her feelings show. 
“I remember your laughter from before,” she lowered her hand but held onto his, rubbing his palm feeling the roughness of his flesh, “we have been together many lifetimes. Does anything come to your mind, now that we are together?” 
Zach so wanted to say yes, but his mind came up blank to her question, “No, I don’t remember you, us.” It felt as if he should though, as if he were betraying her by not remembering.
“It’s good, we have once again found one another, we are beginning again. With it new memories, yes?” she wanted to encourage him, he always seemed so lost.
“Yes, new memories... your very strong for such a little thing. Where did you learn to throw knives like you do?” She was a quick as lightning he had saw. 
A shadow passed over her eyes, but was quickly gone. “Partly out of necessity,” the dullness returned to her eyes once again, to quickly vanish once more. “And to be ready.”
“Ready for what?”
She paused, searching his eyes waiting to find what she knew was inside, but she saw nothing. “Why to be your guard, every earth angel needs a guard...”
Zach let the frustrations mount taking hold of him once more, not her too, he had been enjoying the reunion so much he had been afraid to admit it. “Your wrong about me, I’m no angel...”
Anaya lifted his chin to look into his eyes and saw his fear floating on the surface. “Is that what you think? It saddens me how you don’t believe in yourself, your abilities.”
He had thought his anger would rise but instead he felt the pain at the root of his anger, this was new for him. He preferred the anger, with it came the power. “I do, but there are things you would never understand...”
“You assume things Zachariah,” he had no idea of her journey to reach this point.
He had never heard his name said so profoundly, it weighed on him, as if she were so much older than him and could teach him things! She had no idea the pain he had been through how deep his scars were, one couldn’t just forget things! “Listen, I’m not an angel, I don’t give a fuck what you all think! Your wrong!” He stood suddenly exasperated, “A lot of shit has happened that can’t just be erased, and it’s not the stuff angels are made of, of that I guarantee!”
She looked up at the man before her, standing his full height, she remembered just then the boy of ages before his relentless seeking of one thing, truth, at all cost, no matter the outcome. And she decided then and there, she would take a page from him, the him of the past, she would show him the truth, regardless of the cost to him, or even to her.
Zach looked at her and saw a look in her eyes that surprised him, as if she were set in stone, it melted his own fragile resolve, he had never seen such raw determination before, it was a sight to behold, the look could move a mountain.
-----*****-----
Daniel felt almost obsessive over Selah, he knew it wasn’t healthy, but he couldn’t shake it. He wondered if it was because he had seen Caleb, and not having the chance to release all his pent up emotions towards him, hadn’t helped him in the least. He pushed the feeling deep inside him where he had discovered Selah’s bond didn’t have access to.
He needed to release his anxieties, he turned her body and forcefully pulling her in as he kissed her hungrily as he couldn’t before. He needed her, he didn’t just want her, it was need he felt he would seize to exist without her, and the fear of it made his emotions peak. “Put your shield up, now”
Selah surprise by his show of force, it excited her as her breath quickened under his skillful tongue. The shield went up immediately, oh how she had missed him too, the invisible threads had barely closed to make the semi circle, as Daniel had her dress ripped off, as she stood naked before him, as their breaths became laboured. Never had he taken her this way, she had no idea what he would do next, he had blocked it from her mind somehow and the anticipation left her wanting him all the more.
Daniel cradled his hand deep in her long flowing hair as he pulled it back exposing her long graceful neck, as he sucked and bit it, none too gently. As he bent down cupping her breast with the other hand, tweaking her already aroused flesh,  groaning from the sheer pleasure of her. 
Selah was lost in the waves of emotion he evoked deep inside of her.  She let go of all her tension, the tight leash she had put on her self loosening, as she stripped him bare of his restrains, he stood before her in all his beautiful glory.
When he suddenly turned her,  she dropped to her knees before him, she turned her face to look upon the man she so loved.
Daniel took hold of her chin, as he probed her mouth seductively with his fingers, then he entered her fast and hard, as she cried out in both pain and pleasure. `He bent down closer to her ear as he whispered with much fervor, “You're mine, you will always be mine, through life... death... till the end of time.” And he proved it to her never relinquishing his pace, until she cried out her own sweet release.  She would always be first, he was nothing without her.
Selah lay beside him, satiated with him. Her knees trembled from the exertion, “You surprised me, you have never been so...” she searched for the right words.
“Was I too rough, I’m sorry...I don’t know what came over me.” He suddenly wondered if he had gone too far. She reassured him as his doubts surfaced, her mind was reeling at the passion he had shown her, it had dictated his actions, he had just let it flow.
“No, no...I liked it...a lot,” Selah blushed, not used to these kinds of conversations, usually being so much more conservative with her emotions. She wondered how he had kept the emotions from her mind, as he still did now “Did you?” She asked shyly.
He intertwined their fingers tightly and brought them to his lips, answering huskily “Yes, very much.” Daniel let her inside once more, showing her just how much it had excited, satisfied his need.
 The feeling of holding his hand so as he rubbed the inside of her palm was delicious to her. She closed her eyes letting herself feel all he showed her with all her senses.
“ I meant what I said, you're mine forever Selah.” 
“I know, I have always known.” She took her other hand and brushed his lips softly, he was so damn beautiful to her. She would never have enough of him, there would never be another. “Just as you are mine, until the end of all.”
 She lifted her head up to kiss him, as she licked his lips loving the taste of him on her tongue. Bringing his head down to meet hers, once more. It was her turn to show him just how much she needed him. She thanked the heavens for him then and there, knowing he had been sent from there, just for her.
-----*****------
The chicken marsala smelled heavenly, it had been slow simmering in the oven for the past few hours. It was late afternoon before Peter had finally reached Cece, and by that time his nerves were desperately frayed. He had began doubting everything again, until he had finally reached her at home, she seemed distracted but very pleased to have the invite. She told him she would shower and come right over.
Cece was so happy to hear from Peter, she knew she could tell him everything, that had happened that morning. Finding Thomas, then the priest, then going back to the hospital had taken a big chunk out of her. She hoped the company would help fill in the void it had created inside her. She had felt terribly alone today, for the first time in a long while.
She knew she should be ready to hit the sack she had been up for so long now she dared not count the hours. She dressed casually, putting on her favorite worn jeans and a floral blouse, she began buttoning it tightly up her throat, then at the last minute she left the top three buttons undone. A spritz of her signature scent; a mixture of jasmine, lilies with a tinge of citrus. She was now good to go.
As she pulled into the driveway she recalled her last visit, her mixed emotions at telling Peter the news. They had spoken on the phone a few times since then, making her more comfortable with him. She had a weird feeling as she got out of the car, one of relief she supposed, having someone to share her day with. She hoped he was receptive, oh well, she would get it off her chest.
As she knocked on the door she was feeling suddenly awkward and shy, she then rethought her first impulse of having her top blouse button being undone, and she looked down to see the silhouette of her breasts preening from her blouse. She reached to button it just as the door opened. She dropped her hands to her side, having been caught in her haste.
Peter so happy to finally have her before him, looked down at where her fingers had been fumbling, what she had been desperate to hide?  Damn for a petite woman she had everything going for her. How had she stayed single this long? 
“Come in, Cecile, you look great, would you like some wine, I have red or white.?” Peter found himself talking a mile a minute. Suddenly afraid she would see right through his facade, revealing the lustful creature he had uncovered that very afternoon.
Cece took a long breath, the smells were mouth watering, she suddenly remembered she hadn’t eaten a thing all day. The wine would most likely go straight to her head but she couldn’t resist, she needed to relax. “What smells so divine?” Her belly grumbled in response to her question, as they made their way into the kitchen.
“Chicken marsala, I’m trying a new recipe, I hope you don’t mind being my guinea pig.” He laughed nervously as he realized he had already poured her a glass of red wine, without her specifying. As he passed her the glass, she sat herself at the center island making it easy to talk while he chopped ingredients for a salad.
“Can I help?” she felt helpless just watching.
“Nope, I’m in my comfort zone now, and you look like you’ve had quite a day.” The dark circles under her eyes, and the way she moved at a slower pace than usual, told him so much. “Sit back and enjoy, Madame, I am at your service.”
She looked at him.  He was a sight, he had donned on a black apron with a high front, it barely covered his broad chest, she saw a bit of curly hair sticking out from his neck. ‘Adorable’ was the word that came to mind, too bad he wasn’t over Diana yet. With his head bent over a stray lock of hair fell into face blocking his left eye. She so desperately wanted to reach over and set it back in place. Instead she signed and announced “We have a problem Peter.”
The fear in Peter’s mind expanded, shit! He had already gone too far, what had it been choosing her wine, staring at her breasts. He should have known better, he was so stupid, and obvious. “We do?”
“I did something today...I went to the East Wing in the hospital after my night shift, back to the room where Daniel was with Selah.” She took a long sip of the wine in her hand.
Peter relaxed as she started to speak, he wasn’t the problem...thanks goodness! “It was on the news they had to close it didn’t they? Some electrical problems or something, right?”
Cece shook her head, “No, it’s something else, when Selah crossed over to find Daniel she left a hole.”
Peter full attention was gotten at this time, having mentioned Selah and Daniel, “What do you mean a hole?”
“She ripped a hole between the place they are now and where we are, and there are things coming in.”
“Whoa, let me get this straight, she made a hole between the two places, and things are coming in...what things?” The sounds of this was not settling well with him.
“Remember how you saw Diana?” She hated bringing up unhealed memories.
Peter swallowed deep his voice gravelly, “yes.” A lump had formed in his throat.
“Spirits like her, that’s what is coming through.” She finished the glass of wine and without asking poured herself another, filling his almost empty glass at the same time.
“Spirits...” it sounded incredulous but he had recently learned, not everything real was visible to the naked eye.
“That’s not all, there are evil spirit coming through, they are looking for vessels.” That was how Father Philip had described it.
“You mean like possessions?” He rubbed his hand through his hair absently fixing the stray lock of hair, and putting a random piece of spinach over his ear.
“Yes, I saw the proof with my own eyes, when I got there this morning there was a young man there, a Thomas. He had been overtaken by such a evil spirit.”
“Thomas? Selah’s friend Thomas?  He was just here not too long ago, Selah and Daniel had to tell him everything, they have him helping to find whatever they are looking for.”  This was bad, so bad.  “What can we do to bring him back?”
She took his hand to reassure him, “No, he’s alright, he was coherent enough to understand and he must have suspected what would or could happen, he had the name of a priest here in town, I brought him to him this morning.” As she took her hand off his, hers shook with the lack of sleep and food taking it’s toll on her.
“Is your supper ready, I haven’t eaten all day and that smell is driving my stomach crazy!”
Peter smiled for the first time since she began her tale, he got everything ready as she continued informing him of the events. He watched her devour two plate full of his chicken with heaping helpings of everything. They had polished off a full bottle of wine with the meal. He had made a light dessert. They had gotten as far into deciding if they would bring their children in, in the hope that they could close the portal. Selah and Daniel had been the reasons the portal was there to begin with.
They would all tackle it together with them both, Thomas and the priest. Now that a plan had been formed, she felt much better, it didn’t matter to her from where she had discovered Peter anymore, it was good to have someone to lean on.
Cece made her way into the living room with a cup of coffee, the meal had made her incredibly tired, she could barely keep her eyes open, and after letting go of all the pent up emotions of the day, she was spent. 
Peter was in the kitchen putting the desserts together, a strawberry mousse, the perfect ending to a delicious beginning. He brought his coffee also on the tray. In the last second he decided to top it off with a sprig of fresh mint, nice!
“I hope the coffee isn’t too hot, I’m so glad you liked the chicken, that recipe is a keeper I’ll be making that again.” He turned to see Cece sound asleep with the half empty coffee in her hand. He put the tray down, gently easing the cup from her grasp as she made a small sigh. He lifted her legs stretching her out on the couch. He spread the blanket found on the back of the couch over her. 
Lingering next to her, examining every curve and line of her face. She was already in ROM sleep as her eye lids moved repeatedly. Letting his instinct dictate his action, he traced the lines at her eyes, down to the curve of her lips, her skin so smooth and soft under his touch. He bent and kissed her ever so softly, not to wake her. 
She smiled whether from the kiss, or a dream, Peter would never truly know.


Chapter 14/ Inside the pain... acceptance?

The quivering had ceased to be, the spirit inside had come to accept the intrusion of the others. It surrendered it’s essence giving all it had to share. As the shell of the boy slept, letting his mind come forward once more to relay a message to his friend.  One of incessant need and urgency, to come to its aid. Little did the boys' mind know of the consequences of it’s actions. The pain making all other possibilities moot in it’s defense. Control had been relinquished to moderate the pain, Balthazar was sure to remain vigilant in the distant recesses of the boys' psyche, not letting any revelations float through his subconscious.
Thomas tossed and turned in his bed, as the sweat poured from his pores. The physical strain the demons were taking from his body was intense. If his mother had walked into the room in that particular moment she wouldn’t have recognized her baby. His face and body was deformed as they pushed themselves out of his mind. Lingering closer to the surface, his skin bulged in large pulsating sacs, full of his own rotting flesh, as their sulfuric core was toxic to him physicality. All this was just so he could deliver the message to Selah! 
Thomas was aware of every nerve ending as his sensations were heightened to a colossal point. It was how Balthazar was so successful in all his dominations, it became for Thomas all seeing, there was nothing for him besides the pain. He could not see passed the pain, rendering him pliable, as Balthazar did as he pleased decreasing the sensations as needed. All the while Balthazar guided him in his dream to Selah.
Thomas was alone in a field of endless foliage, he walked hesitantly, there was a pressure inside his head it was heavy, painful. He had remembered to forget, and forgotten to remember, but of what, he wasn’t sure. His minds' eye brought forth a picture of Selah, her beautiful transformation was suddenly before him, he could see her in all her glory as her silver hair shone in the light. The pain in his hand suddenly sharp and breathtaking, he looked down to see what he had taken hold of and saw all the plants surrounding him were deformed and grotesque. One had bitten him and his finger was oozing a yellow puss, the smell wafting from the wound rotten and rank. The pain and fear immobilized him.
Until, he remembered to forget, and forgot to remember. He needed Selah for something, yes, he had a message; she had to close the opening.  He then saw all the spirits floating passed him on all side. As the spirits of the past and present coagulated around him, pawing him needing him, he screamed for her now, “SELAH, HELP ME”,  as the tears flowed freely from his eyes. He was remembering something he needed to tell her, the souls around him, taking so much from him, sucking the very life from him, he fell to the ground weak with the effort. As they devoured him, and once again the pain took hold of the fragile string that held him to the shell he had become. The deed done as he once again succumbed to their power, his presence no more needed, for now.
The boys outward appearance once again took on its' form, but upon closer inspection one could see, the subtle shift in the face, and body. He stared at the ceiling in the room he had grown up in, playing with the model airplanes he had loved to make with his dad. The demons coming forth, not bothering to hide behind the mask now, his pupils having turned black as the depths of hell, as the blood of fire oozed from them. The heat in the small space had risen considerably in the short time, they needed the boy yet. They knew they must keep him alive, as his breath rose from his nostrils the sulfuric smoke was released, so as not to smoother the near corpse they now called home.
-----*****-----
The dread rested upon her as she knew what she would have to do, this was the strength she had prepared for, not to fight, but in courage, braveness to stand in the shadow of her deepest fears. She would have to face things she had hoped to put behind her for all time. She girded the strength Gabriel had instilled inside her. Anaya looked at Zach knowing she owed it to him, she had always been the eldest of the two, and had the innermost need to protect and shelter him. So she know had to go against the grain she had so deeply furrowed.
As she took hold of his hand, “Will you trust me my brother?”
Zach tilted his head to the side wondering what she was suddenly about but resisting the audacity to refuse. “Yes”
“It is time you saw the truth of things, the reason we find one another, are kindred souls.” As she said this, the scene before shifted as they slide soundlessly to a heavily wooded area, the small hand leaving his side temporarily, “Look and you will understand.”
The scenery was dull and he realized he was in a dream, whose dream? Then he saw her, Anaya, walking alone, she was younger, much younger. She had a heavy ceramic jug of water balanced precisely on her small head, and she was happy, humming to herself. The jug was half the size of her, making her look smaller and more fragile. She walked tall, barely holding onto it as she moved forward.
What took place next astounded him. As she came upon a deeper stand of trees, they came at her suddenly and swiftly, there were many, so many. He watched as the water was discarded, they tore away at her thin shift covering her, he saw the knife then, slicing away at her chest, mutilating her, as one slashed piece by piece of her flesh away. Her blood sprayed over his bare chest, the boy causing her pain, was no older than twelve years of age. He watched it drip in the puddle the water had made around her turning it red, as it seeped into the parched land. 
 The others were prosed over her still form, grunting and groaning as they took turns debasing her, animal all, alike in lust and need. Before they passed her over they marked themselves with her blood, proud of their accomplishments. Her blood flowed freely from her hallowed place!  Zach could look no more, as she said and did nothing in defense, but before he turned away at the sight terrifying him, her head turned and looked at him, it was as if she saw him, needed him to see her.
The tears ran uncontrollably from him, as he watched them discard her. They hooted and hollered, edging each other on. They were a pack of animals playing with their game, as they left her for dead. Then he saw him! Zach was filled with hatred as he watched the grown man holding the automatic weapon, as he gazed upon the young boys, preforming their rite of passage into the elite. He had enjoyed the show, he lit a cigarette and smiled. It was then Zach realized this had been their test, as their leader reigned them in. He patted their backs praising them on their conquest, he could not understand the words, but he understood, they had proved themselves worthy to be men in his army
The anger washed over him making him so cold inside, when he suddenly saw her before him once more. The nightmare over as she washed the tears from his face with a gentle hand. She then removed her shirt, so he could see her scars, the gashes in her chest ugly, her breast mutilated even before they had grown. Proving it had been her he had witnesses just now. Her eyes never left his, as she looked at him full of love and acceptance of the path that had formed her.
His anger dissolved as she soothed him, reassured him. “I have left this where it should be Zachariah, I am only facing it, for you. It has no power over me now, I have released it, not forgotten, but forgave. As you can see I survived, it was the first time I discovered the void, going there kept me alive”  Anaya knew he had to see, it hadn’t been easy, she had to face her own demons, and her own truth. “It is time to show you how.”
The air rippled  around them again faster this time, the scene before him showed her once again, she was still the same age as before, she was thinner. But her eyes held an piercing sadness, it made Zach inhale sharply. She was sitting alongside the water, close to the waterfall as the mist came up around her. It was where she had collected water from that first time, but she wasn’t alone now. Many other young girls were collecting water also. Her large clay jug stood beside her, not yet filled with water. She dangled her feet in the cool water. She seemed so very alone, the other girls splashed playfully in the water. 
When he suddenly saw him, Zach’s heart started beating frantically, as he watched him slowly descend to face her. He was enormous with wings of gold wearing a pristine white robe. Without  thinking Zach went down to his knees watching the dream unfold, completely unaware of his actions. Anaya looked upon the angel before her, Zach could not hear the words he spoke to her, but watched mesmerized as he enfolded her in his great wings.
He noticed none of the other girls saw what he saw, they continued to laugh and play. Knowing it was their only break before the long walk back. He looked again at Anaya, he had released her, she held the sweetest of smiles, and the pain and sadness was gone from her eyes.
The scene before him dissolved again as she took his hand once more, “He helped me, and guided me, to here...”
Once more the air rippled before him, and Zach found himself in Anaya’s dream or memory he wasn’t sure which. She had changed she was older, her eyes didn’t hold the sadness as before but there was the raw determination he had seen before. When she had taken his hand earlier today. She was again not alone, but not with females this time, she was with a group of young boys, they looked oddly familiar to Zach. She was dressed like them, her hair shorn, almost completely gone, she was dirty and was jumping quickly from tree to tree. Trying to not make a sound.
It dawned on him then, this was the same kind of boys that had hurt her so badly. She was part of them, they marched along the road kicking up the dust as they went. When they suddenly saw a young man in his early twenties, he had two goats with him. They were stopping constantly, munching away at the straw like grass found in the path.
He watched as Anaya crouched lower she removed a knife from her baggy trousers, she had a sheath taped to the underside of her thigh. She looked at the boys around her, pausing for a sign, when none moved she let go of a blood curdling scream and jumped on the mans back, in a fraction of a second she had half the man’s head decapitated. His body slumped down to the ground.  She was covered in the mans blood, as the air from his lungs spurted out from his neck. The biggest surprise came to Zach, as he watched her never hesitate in the least, adorning herself under her eyes and across her cheeks with her victim’s  still hot blood.
Then he saw him once more, the same man that had approved of her torture many years before, oblivious to who it was now doing his deeds. She turned to face Zach as she smiled, her usually white teeth smeared with red.
The dream faded and once again she took his hand and stood beside him. He was completely still, he didn’t know what to say to her. She had killed that man, it left him confused. She had become what she had been most scared of... “Anaya, I don’t understand anymore what you want to show me.” He shook his head as he sat holding his head in his hands, as if it was too painful for him to hold it up.
She knelt before him, removing his hands from his temples, “I showed you the pieces of me that has made me who I am today, I was broken for a time, until Gabriel made me whole again. Then the last was done from necessity, not only to live without fear, but also to release the negativity of what happened to me.”
Zach looked at her, she had such love and longing in her eyes, she so desperately wanted him to understand. It tore him up inside, if she had done these things then what did it mean for him? He had done things also, and for the same reasons, out of necessity. He was not yet ready to speak his head so full of emotions.
“Where I came from it was kill or be killed, it is better now in many ways, and I no longer fear as I did. I instead learned to look after myself, I grew stronger in here,” she then pointed to her head and heart, “Gabriel told me you would need my strength to guide you, as a beacon to follow.” She searched his face hoping he could accept her as she was, regardless of what she had done.
Zach wished the right words would come to him, to make her see how he felt, his tongue was glued to the roof of his mouth, disabling his ability. He understood now, he had to tell her...no he would show her.
He reached over took both her hands into his, as he leaned over and kissed the top of her head. He then closed his eyes it was now his turn to take her on a journey into his past. Anaya remained silent as she saw the vision before her shimmer and Zach released her head gently.
It was a small dark room, it smelled of the cigarette smoke her capitaine frequently enjoyed, along with something else? Feces, urine, filth as the numerous flies were buzzing around lazily, having so many different areas to land were intoxicating to them. Then she saw her, a woman passed out on the putrid sofa, vomit all down her front, the table in front of her littered in empty bottles. When she suddenly sat up rummaging in her pocket, she smiled her teeth half rotten. She pulled out a small instrument, Anaya had seen it before, her da had had one once the pain of his disease became unbearable. The woman brought it to her lips her hands shaking incessantly, then she lit match her hands shook until she had a deep lungful as her nerves steadied. 
The small movement in the corner forced Anaya’s eyes adjust to the darkness, there in the corner a small boy, no more than four, eating napkins to fill his aching belly. The woman oblivious to all but herself as she eased back on the sofa, her eyes rolling in the back of her skull, that last hit of crack sending her as far from there as possible.
She felt Zach holding her once more as he took her further in time when her eyes adjusted she saw a young boy of seven, he was ram rod thin, he was cooking. Anaya noticed the woman wasn’t here, instead there was a large man. He sat in a chair watching the television and drinking beer. The boy, Zach was frying what looked to be eggs, he hadn’t noticed the small piece of shell that had fallen in the mixture. As he quickly finished cooking them, she could tell he was famished, she didn’t know that this was his only meal of the day.
He carefully brought a plateful to the man, he had also put another plate with a moderate portion on the table, as he took what was left for himself. Lifting his plate he headed for the privacy of  his room to eat in silence, he never noticed the man get up, the anger apparent on his face. 
The man swung with the backside of his hand. Zach flew across the room as the plate shattered to the floor. The blow connected with the side of his head, knocking him against the counter top. He was dizzy, and bleeding as his small weak body crumbled on the floor. Just then the same woman as before came out of another room, “What the hell?”
“That bastard of your is trying to kill me, he left the fucking shells in my eggs! I’m fucking tired of having to teach that stupid fucker lessons!” he grabbed the remainder of his supper and sat back down, forgetting the boy, and suddenly laughing at the TV.
The women walked over to the table grabbed her plate looked casually at the boy “It’s your own damn fault, guess you won’t ever learn.”
Zach lifted his head as his mother spoke to him, he listened for a second, then looked at his one and only meal on the filthy floor, then passed out cold.
Anaya let the single tear drop to the floor, as Zach was at her side once more guiding her through to the next memory. 
He was as he was now, older, he didn’t have the tattoo’s yet. But he looked the same, he had been building himself up for a long time by the looks, gone was the gangly body of the past. 
As she saw him enter the house, the man from the last vision was in the lazy boy “What cha doing here boy? I wasn’t expecting no company, did ya think you could just sneak in here and steal from me?”
The version of Zach responded “She asked me to come, needs more money for her fix, said you should pay your share.” The man jumped up from his chair, his anger apparent.
“I ain’t giving you nothing boy, you probably buy some shit for yourself, I ain’t got no money to waste on your sorry ass. I got what you need to give to that bitch. Come here.” He motioned with his hands for Zach to come closer.
He walked over meekly, Anaya watched the man as he smacked him in the head,  then she felt it, and knew, today would be a very different day for Zach.  The look in his eyes spelled it out loud and clear for her, she had seen the point when others had reached their breaking point, it was always there in the eyes.
Zach turned towards the man as he quickly caught him with a tremendous blow ripping apart his cheek, the blood sprayed the wall from the gash, he fell backwards with a look of incredulity at the pain, as he felt his face. “You little bastard, I’m gonna put a world of hurt on your stupid fucking head!”
 Zach gave him no chance to do such a thing, as he jumped on him, straddling his chest with his legs and lets the blows rain down upon him, over and over. The blood pooling from the man's' wounds was growing steadily, but Zach never let up, his anger consuming him.  Anaya watched as he finally lost all control. 
Zach was covered in blood. Anaya saw the mans nose was now close to being nonexistent.  Zach checked for a pulse, he looked around nervously then he picked up the phone he pressed down  a few numbers then let it down once more. Anaya looked at the man once more, she felt no pity for him as a huge air bubble colored red, rose from what should be his nostril. It rose and fell until it finally popped spraying a fine mist of blood.
Zach sat on the floor and watched as the man’s body began to twitch and jerk as if he was having a spasm of sorts. Zach turned and in that very second he looked at Anaya just then, as she had looked at him in her vision it was as if they had replayed these memories inside their heads repeated for this very reason. She acknowledged him as he had her, it was done.
He took her hand once again as the vision faded away with it it’s hold on him, he released the past in that very second, she had shown him so much, but most importantly she had led him to the truth.


Chapter 15/ Responsibilities 

Daniel had been talking quietly with Selah when he felt the incredible need to see his mom, “Something is wrong, I can feel it Selah.” He closed his eyes just then and could feel her she was asleep, dreaming.
At the very same moment Selah felt as if intoxicated, she was suddenly filled with fear,  calm, urgency, a deep need, then submission, as Thomas message overpowered her senses. It left her reeling with her head full of emotions, with confusion being the outcome. “I think you're right, something is going on back home, I am going to try to connect with my dad.”
She sat back and pushed all other feelings aside except for her father face as she lingered on every line on his face bringing him closer and closer into view, imagining his forehead in particular, focusing on his third eye found in the very center . 
When she began to feel him, his thoughts, she blushed suddenly, he was thinking of things she didn’t want to imagine for or from him. She sent a small message to his deep subconscious as she made a mental picture her own face, focusing on herself before her transformation a sight he would know well. His thoughts shifted with her interference, he began thinking of contacting her, there was a problem, he pictured Daniel in his hospital bed just then, with bandages on his head. Then she saw it.  His version of the hole she had made in the veil, but what came next surprised her even more, there were endless spirits pouring through his image.
She opened her eyes quickly, the trance broken, “Oh shit Daniel!”
“What, what’s wrong?” he didn’t like the expression on her face.
“I made a mess, and forgot all about it.” 
“What mess? What are you talking about?”
“The hole...” she closed her eyes trying to imagine a way to close it off.
“You aren’t making any sense, Selah, just freaking tell me!” Then the image from Peter’s mind came floating to him, and he understood. “Are you sure?”
“Let’s go see for ourselves...” she stood and took him by the hand as they travelled.  The scenery zooming by them as they went to the exact spot where she had saved him. 
As they approached, the traffic jam astounded them, it was full to the brim of souls, all being pulled like moths to a flame. The light beckoning them forward as they were lined up to go through the now obvious gaping hole! It was much larger now than when she had first made it. They were entering four at a time, shoulder to shoulder like cattle going to slaughter. It was actually peaceful and mesmerizing to watch. They both just stood there doing just that, watching.
When suddenly it came towards them, from behind, they could smell it before they saw it, the sulfur was overpoweringly strong, their nostrils burning. Daniel loosened his scimitars  at his side. He had been itching to use it on something besides air for a very long time. He  stood back to the approaching demons, Selah became his eyes. Just as they got within an arms length, Daniel could hear their thoughts, the hatred filling their souls leaking out.
He swung with his left arm catching it at shoulder height, the spirit used to forge the weapon made them melt instantly, but there was more than one, they were coming on to them as if they had been waiting. They poured out of a particular area, and rained down upon them. Daniel continued to slash and weave taking down all that got even remotely close to his scimitars. Selah conjured spirit and threw it at the many that were congregating towards the back. 
With their minds connected this way they worked in perfect harmony, neither extending any unneeded energy to accomplish the task at hand. It was majestical to watch, as they soon found themselves once more out of danger as the foes were vanquished.
As Selah looked around she knew it would pose a great danger to leave this open for much longer.  She hadn’t thought of too many solutions to this problem, unless she tried to sew the fabric of the veil back together. But it would still leak a portion of light and the pressure exerted from the spirits wanting to return to their families on this side would eventually rip it once more.
Just as she was ready to try her hand at sewing, she could hear a strange voice calling her, beckoning her. She turned to Daniel to see if he could hear it also. He held a strange look , “I know I should know that voice from somewhere...”, it was from long past. But she just couldn’t put a face to it.
When suddenly before them she saw a face to match the voice, Jeliel. “Come quick my child, I believe he is coming.”
“Who Jeliel, who is coming?” she was thoroughly confused as to why Jeliel would come looking for her now.
“Zachariah! He is coming towards the doors, she has made him believe.” As the ancient angel turned and smiled to her, “It is coming together at last my dear.”
Selah turned to Daniel as hope filled her full of possibilities as she took his hand and they shifted going straight to the doors leading to heaven, ready to watch the events unfold.
-----*****-----
As the truth sunk in deep into Zach all his way of believing floated to the surface, as he questioned himself. “Selah told me I was the second angel and you really believe this too?”
Anaya stopped walking “Yes with all my being I believe this, you are Zachariah protector of the innocent, seeker of all that holds even a mustard seed grain of truth.” She took his hand into hers, they were made of the same cloth.
“Truth, no matter the cost, right?”
She shook her head in agreement.
“Yes, even if it births pain, that kind of truth?” he wondered what happened now.
“It is time you face one more thing, Zachariah.” She took his other hand in his as he let her lead him, knowing she had faced her demons along side him made the trust blossom as a flower between them.
As they shifted once more he found himself staring at the overwhelming bronze doors. The surprise evident on his face. He had come here to this spot many times before, but alone. He searched her sparkling green eyes for any sign of fear and found none. He turned his thoughts inward for a second and saw his fear lingering close to the surface. As he looked again into her eyes he knew the time had come to face his fear and vanquish it once and for all.
As he gripped her hand tightly and they walked slowly, knowing this would lead them to the truth that was found inside them both. He didn’t notice Selah and Daniel appear on the horizon as they smiled, watching his future enfold before them.
Selah thanked the stars for the blessing Anaya had brought them, how she had changed his mind would forever remain a mystery. Grateful beyond words she was, she let her emotions rise to the surface as the build up leading to this very moment overpowered her. They followed the pair at a fair distance.
Zach took the first steps closer than he had ever been to the ominous task before him, he felt stronger inside, having looked into the eyes of his own ill gotten demons and won.  For the first time had forged something he had completely forgotten about inside him. Hope, it surrounded him for the first time in what seemed forever.
As he glanced at all the sights which had remained hidden to him from the distance he had put between himself and the doors. The statues of the most beautiful winged creatures, angels; it seemed as if they were frozen in time waiting for something. There were also frighteningly grotesque statues that made him think of tremendously evil spirits, demons. As Zach looked up and saw the huge ceilings in what seemed to be a corridor of sorts; it was the tallest ceilings he had ever seen. 
Anaya looked at all before her, the last time she had come Gabriel had carried her inside. She hadn’t had a chance to truly see the beauty it held.  The stone statues before the doors turned acknowledging them. She must have imagined it as they continued to make their way slowly, inching forward.
Zach’s gaze was locked upon the doors, he had seen movement. When they got closer and the sentinels stepped down from them, he closed his eyes expecting for a fraction of a second to be annihilated on the spot. His old way of thinking about himself still rooted deep. As their eyes of flame seemed to take account of his deeds, so when they fell to one knee while lifting their weapons, as a sign of peace. Zach let go of the breath he hadn’t realized he had been holding in, upon witnessing them descend.
As the doors opened before them, they looked on in amazement of the sights before them. This was truly heaven, the amount of worshippers facing the throne was astounding. They were chanting in unison. As Anaya and Zach stepped inside the room the chanting suddenly stopped. The both froze in the entrance afraid they had crossed the line in some fashion.
Selah and Daniel were directly behind them, so when they stopped moving Selah gently put her arms around them, informing them how “They greet everyone this way.” compelling them to continue. As they began walking once more of their own accord when they were directly in front of the throne Zach bent down on his knees. It had come automatically to him even before he had reached the point he would be made to. 
Zach’s heart was filled to the brim with a sweet comfort he never thought possible. He longed to become part of them suddenly. His soul cried out to him, thankful to be brought home at last. He had all but forgotten Anaya, or why he had thought he could never belong here. He felt as if he were being washed with pure spring water, from the inside out. Refreshed, clean pure once more. As he kissed the marble floor, his tears flowing freely from his eyes. He had so much to be thankful for, his heart was overflowing.
When he felt the slight pressure on his shoulder, “ZACHARIAH WELCOME HOME, YOU HAVE BEEN MISSED. I KNEW IT WOULD BE DIFFICULT TO CONVINCE YOU ONCE MORE, BUT ONCE YOU SAW, NONE WOULD EVER DISSUADE YOU AGAIN. THIS PLACE HAS BEEN SORELY LACKING YOUR SENSE OF ACCOUNTABILITY. THERE ARE NONE LEFT TO STAND FOR TRUTH IN ALL DEEDS WHETHER GOOD OR EVIL.” Zach his soul respond to the voice, he had waited an eternity it seemed to hear that voice. “ARE YOU READY TO ONCE MORE BECOME?” at the question he rose, giving the answer.
“Yes, I am ready to be, to serve, to be of purpose once more.” He continued to shed the tears of his past, as he prepared himself for his future. As the one before him handed him a scroll, it had been taken from Zach’s very own book of life, holding all his secrets from the very beginning. 
“EAT THIS, AND YOU WILL BEGIN YOUR JOURNEY ANEW, AS OF OLD.”
As Zach lifted his hand to his mouth, the scroll melted quickly on his tongue the taste bitter like wormwood then sweet as morning dew. He saw all as it was, should be, the truth bitter and sweet all at once to him. As his body floated up, up high. He was at the very top of the ceiling, when he spun ferociously, he felt himself transforming the fire burning through his essence as he cried out from the pain. It was the pain of all the lives he had taken, as they became a part of his physical appearance, accounted for each and every one. Never to be forgotten, as the truth was burned on his flesh. Branding him with tattoos of their own,  his spinning slowed suddenly the transformation almost complete. As he stretched out his wings, they were marbled black as night, with veins of stark white edged in pure gold, slashed with rivers of molten blood red lava. They were the key to his suffering, why he would seek justice above all else. As the members of the council present looked at him, it was inevitable he would be the one to crush or raise whomever he chose. Upon second glance they saw how he had changed more than Selah ever had. As his experiences told his tale, he now had a darkness surrounding his light, bestowing on him the ability to extinguish all darkness or light, set between him and his never ending search for truth.
As Zach descended he felt alive as he never had before, and Anaya had been right, his past had made him into who he was now, it was time to thank her properly.  He stood facing her.  She had watched as he had floated high above her, but had not seen anything as the creator had imparted him with his scroll.
He remembered everything now, all the past, present, it was only the future he was unsure of.  As he looked at her he was only sure he wanted her alongside of him, forever. He knelt before her, he owed her so much... “Anaya, you have made me see what was truly inside, my truth. For that gift I will never be able to do enough to repay you.”
She looked at his face, it was now branded with the scars of his pain, it had been released from inside of him, but he would forever see them. It was of a stream of burning red lava running right through from his forehead to his chin alongside his neck. The shirt he had hid where it ended, but it was his wings that held on to her eyes.
Even though he knelt they were spread out before her, as she reached out to touch them. They were as soft as a birds feathers, and the coloring was amazing. The black, white, red and gold caught the light, and changed right before her. It was as if they were on fire and inconsistent in matter. They reminded her of a flame, the inside changing with his intensity. She wondered if they were linked to his emotions, if so she could picture them fully red with lava when he was consumed with anger.
Zach  rose, until they were eye to eye, as he took hold of her head in his hands. “We are both no strangers to pain, you and I, it has become our strength and with it our essence. Anaya I ask you now to be there for me, to ride the waves of pain at my side. Will you agree to be my guide?”
Anaya smiled, they were finally a team once more, back together. She felt complete with him beside her. “Yes my brother, I will be honored to stand next to you.” 
As he let the power of his fire flow through her veins, filling her every scar with it’s very own branding as she too took on a different form. The lava branding her as she gasped with the intensity of his power. She fought it at first then let it envelope her soul as she felt all her anger, consuming, eating away at all her weaknesses. She stood before him transformed, her attire also made of the same as his wings, as it shifted in color. It was attached to her emotions, just as his was. She looked down feeling the river as it bathed her flesh, her scars no more visible as what they were before. Instead, there stood only a remnant of the pain that had erupted from her soul. 
She looked at him, her brother, and saw how they had first come to be, as he went down to earth she had been his female half, they had been physically separated so he could become human. They were as one once more now. She could hear his every thought, feel his every emotion. The connection truly complete, she was the female shadow he had searched for.
“You look pretty freaking good...for a girl... wouldn’t you say, Bozo?” And with the sound of saying his childhood nickname for her, he bellowed with laughter, a sound not heard from him in the heavens for thousands of years. Anaya could do nothing but laugh with him, so infectious were his thoughts, they had made, it they were finally a family once more.
As Selah and Daniel watched the pair of them transform then choose one another, she felt an incredible sense of peace settle upon her. One down how many more to go? She began to approach them, hating to burst their happy bubble with her words of doom and despair. She left them for a minute longer, loving to see them both laughing with such reckless abandonment. It was beautiful to watch.
She looked on at all present and could see the few members of the council snicker or delight, depending on which side they stood. They examined the new member of the earth angels, as they were now being called. They were a whole different bird to set free, one she had no time for yet, but it would come. As she approached Zach he was a sight to behold.
As he saw her coming closer, he met her halfway.  He then took hold of her in his bone crushing grip. “Thank you Selah for being so dam pig headed, and persistent. You sure have your hands full with this one Daniel.”  He clasped  Daniel’s forearm in a firm grip, squeezing him by the elbow, it was something they used to do of old.
‘You got that right!, She’s a pain in the ass!” he chuckled then looked down at her,  “but I sure do love her, pains and all.”
It felt good to have help in the search now, to have double their numbers. Selah just smiled at them, happy to see Zach had not lost his sense of humour in all his lives. He had always held a tender spot for her, she remembered it now looking at him, he had changed though. The scars running through his appearance proved it. They had all become what had been needed, necessary, all learning different things, having their own perspective. 
“Ok, you two, I know you just transformed but we have to get serious about some things, the third angel is already changing. It’s time we caught up. Do you remember the prophesy Zach?” She let some of the responsibilities shift to his shoulders now, the load could be divided amongst them.
“Sure do, does it sound like this:
As the Spirits within, atone for their sins.
The first untold will tear the veil, and change the world on a grand scale.
Pure spirit to bend and mold all men, as time begins anew again.
The second is heat a burning flame; his anger may bring them all to shame.
Only compassion will set things right, or all shall burn throughout the night.
As Zach recited this part from memory he took Anaya’s hand, knowing it had been her   compassion that had saved them both, leaving them alone to burn with his fire instead of 	the latter. As he continued...
The third is beautiful a candles light, to look upon is an awesome sight.
Turned frigid and cold, only finding her love will melt her soul
 The fourth is made to rip asunder, tear walls with mighty rain and thunder.
All must turn to their faith once more, or rivers of tears for what’s in store.
The fifth is solid as a stone; nothing can shatter or break his bones.
The earth grumbles and groans, people buried alive can you hear their moans.
The sixth may turn the oceans to blood; the living they die forget the floods.
The people hungry, what shall they eat, the fish are dead and there’s no meat.
Hope is what they truly need, only then may they once more feed.
The seventh is so innocent and pure, as she watches, waiting, so much to endure.
When finally her powers take flight, she becomes to all a never ending light.
If all come together for worse or better, if something happens to one or two.
The signs of the apocalypse shall rain down on you, what will you do?
As the angels leavened reign down from heaven.
“It’s very vague for the finding of the third angel, thank goodness you finally have some brains in the bunch to help you.” Zach smirked, his own joke threatening to crack himself up.
But Anaya as quick with her mind as she was with her knives stopped him short, “Thanks Zach, you remembered how much smarter I have always been compared to you.” Her sarcasm making his eyes roll in the back of his head.
This would be interesting to say the least! They were quite the pair, their dry sense of humor was desperately needed in the mix. “Yeah, vague is right, but before we start the search we have a problem, of my own making.”
“I knew she couldn’t do it without us,” he gently laid his arm around her shoulders. “What have you done that I need to fix, for you?” He looked over her head at Daniel, raising his eyebrows at him in jest.
“I ripped the veil remember? Now you have two have to help me put it back together again! Selah hoped it would be as easy as it sounded. “You up for it? Or do you need to lay down Zach? You have been through so much today...” her sarcasm playing in to his weaker side.
“Don’t worry your pretty, empty head on me,” as he tousled her hair, “you up for it Naya?”
Anaya agreed, feeling as if she would never be physically tired again, and liking the nickname Naya much more the the other he had remembered for her. “Yup, let’s go do some sewing.”
As they all left, Selah announced, “I just have to contact Thomas.” She would tell him they had found Zach, and that they were on their way to close the portal, therefore eliminating all his problems so he could help them focus on the third angel.
As she stopped and stilled her mind she pictured his sweet face in her minds eye. As he came perfectly into view she began sending him the message. Who needed cellphones or the internet around here?”
As they shifted heading to the open portal. They failed to see the keeper of souls, he had came down from the Hall protecting the Akashic records, with Zachariah’s scroll. And remained to witness his transformation, his eyes filled with such sadness at what he knew was about to unfold.


Chapter 16/ The tides of change

Thomas has received the message loud and clear as they made their way to the hospital. Balthazar had felt the shift in power when the second angel had transformed finally freeing it from it’s stone encased prison. It could once more show it’s immense power physically. But for now, it was silent.  The pieces were all coming together, as it called the ones needed to supply him with a gateway back into the abyss. 
Balthazar was depending on their long time away from one another helping his cause. Making them at their most weakest, it was the opportune time to strike at them, directly into their heart where the most delicious pain was to be had.
As the boy made his way, they gave him just enough control to function, the voice inside Thomas’s head was lost to the others need for dominance. If he could only warn Selah, he wanted to scream out in the pain and frustration of the situation. He loved Selah but the entities inside had no room for love, they were only about pain and suffering. And Thomas knowing what would happen to Selah was causing him extreme suffering so they were very much in their element. 
As the newly forged foursome set off, they skimmed the void until they reached the place they sought. The hole was being stretched constantly, it was the in place to be. It was as if a call had been sent out throughout the void to all wandering spirits looking to return to earth, and they were showing up in droves. 
Zach was surprised at the size of the opening. “Holy crap, Selah, did you use to be bigger or something why is the hole so big?’
“Ha ha,” she answered sarcastically. “They are making it wider, it wasn’t that big before.” The frustrations she felt for having forgotten it, made the situation worse for her. She hoped the idea of sewing it would work. She wondered how truly strong the seams would be. Casting her fears aside, she turned to Zach, she would have to see if he could weave  something besides fire.
As she showed him the difference between the elements, they were subtle. If she was lucky he would remember having spun them before. As Zach patiently watched her demonstration, it did just that for him, triggering past memories. He showed her how he was a very bright student eager to learn, he could feel how Selah’s emotions were right at her surface. Her truth obvious to him now as he came to comprehend his powers. He seemed to have a truth radar of sorts, he could tell when someone was not being completely honest with him, bullshitting.
“Are you alright Selah?” Zach had to know how she really was.
Selah absently answered him, “Fine” it was in a mere moment that he knew she really wasn’t  She was distracted, blaming herself for something. When he suddenly heard Naya in his thoughts, “She blames herself for this,” Naya  looked at the hole in the veil before them. “ Zach, she’s taking on all the responsibilities.”
As Zach watched her, being the first angel had left a huge strain on her. He wished he could remove some from her, he just didn’t know how to. Then he decided to take it upon himself to begin stitching the tear, he gave Naya the sign to hold back the all too willing souls hoping to sneak past them.
As Daniel watched Zach take the lead, he followed suit. Selah surprised at their initiative, began weaving herself. It proved to be slow going as she found herself backtracking, afraid the seams wouldn’t hold. The time flew by, they all began getting weary with the effort, with only half the opening closed, as they continuously stitched  and then tied off each weave as they went. 
Thomas arrived soon after, Selah saw him from a distance, he seemed to be hanging back a bit afraid of what they were doing. She was surprised he had come at all, she found herself glancing at him every few seconds, it was distracting her, but still she was drawn to him. Something was off, but what?
They stayed in the shady corner of the room, it was obvious the angel could sense things were not right. They would have to wait until the precise moment to make their move, too early and the plan would be foiled. There was a chance and a season for all things, as Balthazar watched them weaving the threads of power trying to close the veil. 
It had felt a tremendous shift back at its' body, a few hours ago. As it saw the second angel before it now, it knew why. He had transformed making their strength double instantly, also being the key to Balthazar’s freedom from its encasement in the stone. Back in the abyss the commotion was frantic, Reek had not been expecting Balthazar’s rise in strength any time soon. So when the orders were given to send the criptids along in a portal to the earth angels location, Reek began to sweat in his boots. 
“Yes, Balthazar they are ready, but for what purpose?” Reek was reeling with this new command, questioning the authority itself from whence it had come.
“You dare question me!!” Balthazar rose to its full height for the first time in thousands of years. The sheer reflection of its shadow, its branches sought every nook and cranny in it’s wake. Reek withered before it as a parched leaf, thirsting for water.  
“No master, no master, it will be done...” the air deflated from Reeks puffed up chest, as the magnitude of the beast before him came to the light. How had he thought it could be master of that? The question lingered in Reeks head for a moment, when his thoughts were invaded suddenly.
“You are nothing but dung, and I shall feed you to the lowest of the jinn before I am done with you. Their animals are of greater worth to me than you have become...lover of angels” As the realization sunk deep into Reek’s awareness, he trembled in terror.  Balthazar had known of his plans all along, there had been nothing hidden. He dared not even think of the name of his presumed master, he became well aware of where he stood now. 
He did as he was told, assembling the ones needed to make Balthazar’s plans come to fruition, just as the last criptids disappeared in the open portal made by the one eyed seeker. Reek slumped down in front of Balthazar, thoroughly defeated. When they began to gather around him, all the kishi, their hyena like tendencies erupting as they circled, gathering.  Suddenly one came before Reek, squatting then defecating on him. Reek kept his head low, feeling the look of disgust from all around him. They all took turns mimicking the first, when they were finally done, their hyena like laughter emanated throughout the hollowed cavern. 
Balthazar watched silently as they bellowed, “It was time you were brought down to your true station, and now they have a reason to call you Reek” The half hyenas half humans before him, continued to taunt Reek. This was only the beginning of his lot, Balthazar had not yet commenced.
It was time Balthazar turned his full attention once more on his desired target, the ones which made his mouth water, the earth angels. He shifted his thoughts, energy, to the ones before Thomas, they were definitely getting more and more exhausted, it was easy to see, the task before them daunting, draining their power. Now it was to wait for the portal to open, as it set its sights on the female, she was the leader, her spirit beckoned to him. He could almost taste it. Already the goodness of it a delicacy to its fire born soul. 
It had remembered so much more of itself since the breaking of the stone, it was an ifrit, one of the strongest of the jinn. It had been created by God soon after the creation of the angels, but before the humans. God had made the mistake of letting it have free will, it has chosen darkness almost from the beginning, the lure of the law of polarity shaping them, forming the need opposite of his beloved angels. But like them some had converted, and chosen the other side. They had the beauty of being completely invisible to the humans, and having a measure of control over their very precious thoughts. They knew how to use compulsion in their favor, directing them as a finely tuned symphony. 
The fact that Balthazar had been able to enter the actual mind of a human had been a unexpected treat for the jinn.  It gave it a doorway into a most hidden place, and easy access to his most treasured desire. Having had a fraction of power over the human was what had forged the very connection with the earth angels, they were the only ones the jinn could relate to, could actually compel, changing their very way of thinking.
Selah could feel her energy slowly drain from her, she glanced at Zach. He seemed to be faring much better than her. She only then realized his strength was coming from Anaya and their bond. 
She looked over at Daniel he was holding very nicely barely breaking a sweat.  “Can I have a bit of your strength to finally finish this?”
Daniel made his way slowly to where she was, his battle with the minor spirits before him having ebbed tremendously since the beginning, they had taken them by surprise and had not been expecting any sort of rebellion against them. Daniel reached out and took her by the hand. “Take all you need, my love I will be fine, I can handle them.” He felt the power slowly drain from his very being, she needed it much more than him, her job more important. 
Selah felt instantly better.  She could feel the power returning to her, her mind full of clarity, now edging her on to finish the deed at hand. She released Daniel's hand hoping she had not taken too much from him. Her weaving took on renewed strength, as she smiled at Zach.  Soon they would meet in the very center and be done with the veil.
She turned her head once more and out of the corner of her eye she saw Thomas had come forward, her nose was burning from the strong smell of sulfur lingering in the air, she looked through Daniel’s eyes and could see the foes were almost all diminished. The smell permeated the air, surrounding them.
Zach had gotten the hang of the weaving right away, it was growing monotonous now, doing the same weave over and over. When he had noticed the boy on the other side of the veil, he had sensed something wasn’t right  He had continued to observe him, as he got closer, Zach saw the look change in his eyes repeatedly. It was as if he had different personas, he passed the message on to Anaya. 
Anaya turned to look at Zach, she was still small enough to cross the veil, she ducked through the opening and went towards him.
Balthazar was surprised at the tenacity of the smallish creature before him, forgetting he was inside the small body of Zach. He leered at her, looking down at her, from his true form but not quite. What was she doing approaching him, these humans, imbeciles all of them! He decided then and there to compel her to his way of thinking.
Just as Zach felt the intrusion on Anaya’s mind he understood what stood before her. The boy was possessed by demons, and they were strong enough to try to control another at the same time. He knew in that moment what had to be done as he began to weave a different weave altogether glad he would finally be able to use his power for something rewarding.
Selah saw the change in Zach’s weave, but the enormity of what he was constructing didn’t register with her until she followed what he was intently looking at, Thomas. She then saw the changes that had taken over Thomas’s very physical appearance, the threat had made the entity emerge into view.
She stopped herself from weaving the portal closed and tried to somehow make a shield to protect Thomas from the inferno she could see Zach weaving, she reached with a tentacle like grip through the portal and physically pulled Thomas’s spirit from his body, as if he could travel. Leaving a umbilical cord like thread to himself. As she tugged him out, the sulfuric demons came out with the spirit they had attached themselves to. 
Balthazar took one last look as the portal into the abyss opened up on the opposite side of where the boy he inhibited was located, it was perched dangerously close to his preferred target and she hadn’t even noticed. He managed to send one message to the first criptid coming through.  “Bring to me the one before you” as he slithered back into his newly freed core found in the abyss, having no spirit left in the boy to see through anymore, but pleased with what he knew he would soon acquire.
Anaya immediately attacked the spirits clinging to the boys spirit, her hands were a blur as the knives Zach had formed for her flew from her virile fingers. They turned on her not wanting to relinquish his tattered spirit.
 Zach saw that Anaya had the situation of the boy well under control and he turned in time to see the criptid worm it’s way out of the newly opened portal. It resembled a huge earth worm, but it’s mouth was full of razor like teeth, rotating endlessly, grinding away everything in it’s sight. 
Zach loosed the enormous weave he had spun for the boy, his wings had turned a brilliant shade of blood red as his thoughts filled with the fire inside his soul. Gone wear the marble like glaze he had been coated with as the molten lava flowed through his veins. His power was returning to him, his weakened state abolished. Anaya’s skin also took on the same form as his, as the stream of lava flowed through her scars burning away the residue of the past and renewing their future. She annihilated all the demons from the boy.
Selah unaware of the commotion behind her as she slowly released Thomas’s spirit to his own body weaving some healing spirit trying to soothe his spirit to stay inside. Having ripped it out as she did, might make him reject the spirits return.
Daniel turned as the first blast of fire hit the criptid, the blast blew him clear of portal. He saw there were more coming through the opening. Their mouths open as they cut through all they came across, they seemed concentrated on one thing, Selah! He watched her trying desperately to save her friend. He got to his feet as quickly as he could and he jumped in front of the first one. His first blade slicing through the soft permeable flesh at its neck. The beast fell dead to the ground as the body slid to a halt right before him. 
Zach began preparing another weave ready to blast another of the creatures to smithereens. He watched Daniel climbing up on the first one he had killed and leaped into the air striking the next one full in the mouth, his blade not doing any damage to the razor like teeth. As he disappeared from view landing between the beast he missed and the next one.
Zach once more let the fire loose, the explosion was deafening, he hoped Daniel had gotten away from the force of his fury. He then saw Daniel struggle to stand as he noticed there was still another one coming. He was inside the portal itself, Zach watched him stumble.
Selah released her tenacious grip on Thomas, feeling Daniel’s immense need for her, he was fading. Having given her much of his strength only moments before, she turned to help him. The newly made portal stood before her, confusing her. Daniel needed her, her strength went to help him, and she send some of her spirit through the bond. She had taken too much from him, she couldn’t actually see him he was laying on the floor! 
When suddenly he rose, she released the breath she held on to so tightly, he was alright. 
Daniel had been thrown into the portal itself with Zach’s last blast of fire. He had barely managed to hold onto consciousness. When he had felt the trickle of spirit ease into him, he knew she was weak too, he rose automatically seeing the criptid coming towards him. Just as he got to his feet he saw it, a small creature with only one large eye, projecting the very hole which had opened the portal to where they were.
He had to reach it, protect it, he stumbled as he tried to attain it. Then in a fraction of a second the last criptid, turned towards Daniel ready to devour him, but instead found the tiny creature with the looming eye instead. Daniel turned to see Selah one last time, as the portal before him winked completely out. The bond between them severed as the lights went black.
Selah stood motionless as the portal closed before her. It was a second later that the realization dawned on her. The bond was cut, completely severed, Daniel was no more, she felt nothing of him, not a trace or a sliver. She fell to her knees and began to scream, the pain so intense!
As the heavens stilled, never before had they thoroughly felt the pain found on earth. In that instant, Selah released it for them to see. The breaking of the bond had opened her spirit to both worlds,  as she became a conduit to all the earths suffering, of the raw pain 
Selah no longer cared, she was nothing without him, he was her heart, without him she was just an empty soul. The darkness could take her, it mattered not to her now, the pain enveloped her. She never noticed as Zach lifted her up, their task to close the portal completely forgotten. He skimmed the void bringing her home, to their father, the creator. Hoping something, anything could be done to ease her suffering.
As he laid her upon the altar, the truth luminous before him like a flame. She could only survive for so long without a bond, she would soon die. And Zach knew dying while in the void would be the end for her, the spirit would choose to remain here forever. Never to return to the earth. It would be up to him now to accomplish what she had begun.
The only way to save her now would be for another guard to take her bond. As his thoughts permeated Anaya’s he felt fear there for the very first time. As she showed him what she had been told happened to angels having lost a bond. The pain she was showing now never really went away, and would be apparent through the new bond. The guard would suffer just as they did. The chances of a guard wanting this as a life was rare, a slim chance.
-----*****-----
It was down to the final hour, Selah screaming had never ceased, as the creator decided to try one last plea to the trained guards. It was understandable, the bond the guard would have to take would be one wrapped in so much pain and suffering. 
‘I HAVE ASSEMBLED YOU ALL ONCE AGAIN. I KNOW I HAVE ALREADY ASKED YOU ALL TO COME FORTH, TO REACH DEEP INSIDE OF YOU TO FIND THE COURAGE AND THE STRENGTH.” *The creator faced a mask worn by the subject used to relay the message. It was of a sentinel, it stood before the throne and was like a jasper or sardius stone in appearance, and there was a rainbow around the throne, in an appearance like an emerald.  “TO TAKE ON THE TORN BOND SELAH HAD WITH HER PREVIOUS GUARD. I UNDERSTAND THE MAGNITUDE OF MY QUESTION. IT IS NOT A DECISION TO BE TAKEN LIGHTLY BY ANY, WE HAVE ALL HEARD HER SUFFERING THESE LAST FEW DAYS. THE TIME TO DECIDE IS AT AN END SHE IS WEAKENING BY THE HOUR AS WE SPEAK. THERE IS ONE THING I FEEL MUST BE PORTRAYED IN A BETTER LIGHT SO YOU MAY ALL UNDERSTAND.” The sentinel stood at the throne as the light followed it. “THE PROPHECY ONLY LIGHTLY TOUCHES THE CONSEQUENCES OF THE LOST OF AN EARTH ANGEL, WE TRULY DO NOT KNOW IF THE TASK ORIGINALLY GIVEN THEM WILL STILL BE POSSIBLE TO ACCOMPLISH. SO ONE LAST TIME I BESEECH YOU, LOOK DEEP INSIDE YOUR HEART FOR THE ANSWER.”
The guards listened to the words as the sentinel continued, would it have another chance to prove themselves. It had dreamt of the possibilities of being bonded, knew it could handle the responsibilities. The thought of all the pain was its only stumbling block, it’s own selfishness prevailing. As he looked and stared deeply at the throne the rainbow of colors surrounding it, it contained any and all color, even the absence of color. It was all it could be, no restraints, no limitations. Didn’t one grow by tribulation... in that thought the decision was made.
“THE CHANCE OF THE EARTH TRULY BECOMING AS IT COULD BE, WOULD BE IN JEOPARDY, THE REMAINING ANGELS COULD TRY TO ACHIEVE THEIR TASK ONLY TO HAVE IT BE IN VAIN.” 
“I volunteer to take the bond.” The voice was low but determined, as the speaker stopped talking making sure the creator heard the words. “I will take the broken bond.”
The sound of the assembled guards voices was as the humming of a bee hive, as they all questioned which of them had been brave enough to come forward. When suddenly the crowd made way for the volunteer to show themselves, as they saw the man step forward. He had a massive build, and walked with his head high, knowing the shame he had held before would be emancipated with this deed.
The crowd hushed as he knelt before the sentinel and the throne. “I Caleb, promise to honor my duty as a guard, to protect my angel through life or death.”
The end of Emerge Book II Prophesied a spirit within
Look  for Molten Book III Prophesied a spirit within
 in 2014
