Enchanted Inheritance
The Purple Plague Mysteries
Book 1
By
Levi Doone


Copyright © 2018 Levi Doone
All rights reserved.
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this ebook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Table of Contents
Chapter  1
Chapter  2
Chapter  3
Chapter  4
Chapter  5
Chapter  6
Chapter  7
Chapter  8
Chapter  9
Chapter  10
Chapter  11
Chapter  12
Chapter  13
Chapter  14
Chapter  15
Chapter  16
Chapter  17
Chapter  18
Chapter  19
Chapter  20
Chapter  21
Chapter  22
Chapter  23
Chapter  24
Chapter  25
Chapter  26
Chapter  27
Chapter  28
Chapter  29
Chapter  30
Chapter  31
Chapter  32
Chapter  33
Chapter  34
Chapter  35
Chapter  36
Chapter  37
Chapter  38
Chapter  39
Chapter  40
Chapter  41
Chapter  42
Chapter  43
Chapter  44
Chapter  45
Chapter  46
Chapter  47
Chapter  48
Chapter  49
Chapter  50
Chapter  51
Chapter  52
Chapter  53
Chapter  54
Chapter  55
Chapter  56
Chapter  57
Chapter  58  
Chapter  59
Chapter  60
From the Author

One

With hesitation, she stepped into the thick, stirring mist. Though the air itself was stagnant, the gaseous vapor spun around her as if it had a life of its own. At her feet, it thinned to reveal a freshly dark-stained hardwood floor. The fumes attacked her sinuses and caused her eyes to water, so much so she nearly smacked her face onto a large wooden beam distressed with the marks of workers from long ago. 
After wiping the tears from her eyes, she attempted to peer into the mist. She strained to focus and saw that around her were large windows, aged and neglected. It allowed only blurred sunlight to pass through. In the center of the room, she saw five girls holding hands in a circle. 
The wood crackled as she lifted her shoe off the partially dried floor to take another step. She winced at the noise as it echoed through the hall.
They must have heard me—unless they’re in some kind of trance.
Her instincts screamed to get out of there, but, as if under a spell, she continued.
The faces of each girl came into view, and it shocked her to see that they were identical to her own. Though all of their eyes were closed, they seemed tensed in concentration—as if their very lives depended on whatever they were doing. 
She walked around the group and studied each of them, noticing differences in dress, hair, and makeup, but otherwise indistinguishable. They stood on a large blood-red star approximately six feet in diameter. Each of the five stood on a point. The image didn’t look like a pentagram referenced in popular occult literature, movies, or social media. Rather, it resembled the Hollywood Walk of Fame stars.
In an instant, the mist morphed into a multitude of gray, transparent, ghostly forms swirling around the room. All headed toward the circle of girls and passed through them to meet in the middle of the star where they condensed into a large, thick column of smoke, spinning like a slow tornado.
The column further compressed and rotated while streaks of lightning flashed within it until a more tangible figure formed. It was a human form, a man.
In seconds a towering older man with a thick gray mane of hair and a pale leathery face stood there, dressed in a cloak. He raised an arm and pointed at her. He slowly opened his mouth, and a deep echoing voice bellowed out, “You are mine, Esma!”

Two
 
Esma jerked awake. The second she realized it was all a dream, she slammed her palm onto the tired mattress. The recoiled springs squealed.
“What? Am I gonna have that nightmare every night now?” She sat up and wiped the sweat and tears from her face, only to wince when she brushed her bruised cheekbone.
It had been a rough training session. Esma and the group of Roller Derby hopefuls practiced hitting drills, and her partner had nailed her with a shoulder while doing a maneuver called the can-opener.
Roller derby was a central part of her new start since the Rhode Island Juvenile Detention Facility released her. She had been playing it by ear while staying in the halfway house.
Esma got out of bed and pulled the string above her head to turn the light on. The room depressed her. Bare, off-white walls, and an empty bureau top. No sign that anyone lived here but for her messy bed and clothes from the previous night thrown in a corner. No pictures of a family she loved, because there were none, and no posters of people she admired, for the same reason.
She went over to the mirror and saw a purple swelling below her right eye. She smiled at it, thinking it looked cool. It hadn’t been her fault—the girl should have blocked her with her back. Esma’s big sister, Violent Vee, told her that if she wanted to make it in roller derby, she should get used to bruises. A “big sister” is what they call a volunteer from a roller derby team who serves as a personal coach for fresh meat like Esma.
She thought about the dream again and pounded her fist on the bureau. Anger had always been a problem for her. That’s how she’d ended up in juvie. It was murder, to be exact. The homicide she committed seven years past was a part of her life she didn’t regret. In fact, she felt proud of it. Even after all the fallout and betrayal. If she had to do it over, she wouldn’t change a thing.
Esma never knew her parents. They abandoned her at two years old. Since then, the system had shuffled her around from home to home. She was a lot to handle for many of the foster parents. Eventually, she stopped thinking of a foster family as an actual family and that protected her from the heart-break of leaving.
At eleven, the state placed her in the home of Dale and June Baker—a couple in their fifties who volunteered as foster parents since their twenties. That’s where Esma found her fate. Dale Baker was a sick and perverted man who sought the company of young girls. She was his perfect type. The state was tiring of her behavior issues and of moving her around. If the Bakers’ home didn’t work out, then the next step would be a group home.
It didn’t take long for Baker to begin his sick abuses with Esma. The horror and revulsion she experienced were only barely sufferable because of her younger foster sister—nine-year-old Patricia. Once Baker saw Esma had an attachment to her, they struck a deal for her cooperation. He promised to leave Trish alone so long as Esma remained compliant. If she ran away and tried to tell a social worker or law enforcement about his habits—he would surely move on to Trish.
In Esma’s mind, this became a sacrifice she could make. At least some good would come from her ordeal. Baker argued that even if she got away from him, no one would believe her claims, as he was respected in the community for giving so much of his time to unwanted children. She was a delinquent that people wished would go away. To an eleven-year-old, this made perfect sense.
One fateful day, she came home from school unexpectedly early, as a snowstorm had moved into the area. She entered the quiet house expecting to see Mrs. Baker in the kitchen doing her usual daily chores. Today she wasn’t there. A note on the refrigerator read she was at a doctor’s appointment.
Esma closed her eyes, knowing that this meant she and Baker were home alone. He never overlooked an opportunity to spend what he called “quality time” with her. Maybe he hadn’t heard her come in. Maybe she could sneak back out and wait in the garage until Mrs. Baker returned.
But as she crept away, the bathroom door opened. She froze and held her breath, but it was only Trish slowly coming out. 
Esma let out a breath of relief that she wouldn’t have to freeze outside for who knows how long. Then she saw the tears and fright in Trish’s eyes. The sound of a belt buckling came from within the bathroom.
No! He promised! 
A burning sensation began in Esma’s gut. It rose into her heart as she pondered his betrayal. When the heat reached her head, she found herself at the kitchen counter and opened a drawer to see Mrs. Baker’s knives. It was a long, thin fillet knife she chose. She brought it with her to the bathroom. 
Baker came through the doorway at the same time Esma arrived there. He smiled at her and said, “Esma, sweetie, your school got canceled too?”
Many people in similar circumstances claim they go numb or have a kind of out-of-body experience, with their eyes not believing what their hands are doing. This was not the case for Esma. She knew what she was about to do. Her rage may have fueled her, but she was in complete control when she stuck the long, thin knife up into Baker’s second chin. She kept forcing it upward until the handle squished the skin covering his fat flesh. She ripped it out with a quick yank and watched Baker’s eyes widen.
He slammed himself into the hallway wall across from the bathroom doorway as he frantically grabbed his chin and face. He choked, squealed, and gasped to breathe. 
“You promised!” Esma said as he fell to the floor with his legs flailing. She stood and watched with the dripping red knife in hand as the filth drowned in his own blood. She stayed over his lifeless body and thought if there was a God, then he will face justice at the trial for his soul.
She remained there until Mrs. Baker returned home. She heard the woman’s screams behind her, and then, to her surprise, Trish, who had been silent, screamed. The police came and took Esma into custody. Baker ended up being correct—no one believed her. Not even Trish corroborated her story. The newspapers touted the bastard as a hero to parentless children and lamented that his generosity had gotten him killed. 
None of it mattered to Esma. Trish was safe, and Baker couldn’t hurt anyone anymore. She accepted her fate before the trial began. The prosecuting attorney tried to get her a sentence of twenty to life. The court, instead, followed the law and sentenced her to the Juvenile Detention Facility until her eighteenth birthday. There she would undergo mental analysis and treatment for her rehabilitation.
Esma began her time in juvie by keeping a distance from other inmates. She cooperated with psychologists and other mental health professionals and tried to be a model prisoner. This made her an instant target for bullying. She decided not to allow anyone to make her a victim again, so she fought back against the bullies and got into many fights. Won a few, but lost the majority. Her bunkmate, Jacky Montier, impressed with her grit—took her under her wing.
Jacky was large, strong, and tough, so when Esma started hanging around with her, others left her alone. Like her, Jacky was in until she turned eighteen. Her crimes were manslaughter and arson. She liked to play with fire and had accidentally burned down an old mill with homeless people living in it. One woman didn’t escape the fire and died.
Esma’s time in juvie went a lot more smoothly because of her new friend. Then she turned sixteen, and a very odd thing happened. She developed a sixth sense. Her mind began perceiving intuitions of the directions in which to travel to locate four particular people. The feeling was constant and annoying—near maddening. She only knew they were people because they moved around constantly, except for nighttime, mostly.
She didn’t mention this to anyone. Not even Jacky. She didn’t need the psychologists to question her mental health again. It became a silent torture that she struggled to live with.
The sense only became more intense with age. Then, one day, one person she sensed disappeared from her perception. Was this madness finally leaving her? Had she beaten it? Her hopes dashed as the other three remained constant.
As far as the murder she committed—she never recanted her claims of Baker’s actions. Her psychologist concluded that Esma truly believed Baker did something horrible to Trish. He also saw that she didn’t hold any anger against anyone involved in her incarceration—she had carried out justice, and that was good enough.
Esma’s release came on her eighteenth birthday. She was ready to obey the advice given by her psychologist, and use this chance to change the trajectory of her life. Juvenile detention would be a country club compared to prison. She listened and agreed to avoid any path that would lead her to the adult corrections facility.  
She began a job at a fast-food restaurant. It wasn’t long before an acquaintance invited her to watch a roller derby competition with her. This aroused her interest. Women working together in a full-contact sport. This seemed like an excellent way to release her pent-up frustrations in a highly disciplined sport and be part of a team. She signed up as soon as she could to become what they call fresh-meat and began training to see if she has the dedication and promise to commit to this challenging activity.
She started with barely enough money to pay for her dues. She needed to use whatever spare pads and helmet she could borrow and had to use rented skates otherwise called brownies. Esma knew she needed to invest in her own equipment if she was serious and did so as soon as she could scrape up the money. The new pair of derby skates made all the difference in passing her level one test.
Esma returned to bed with the thought of the five girls in her dream. If she were one of them, then maybe others were the people whose location she could sense. 
Tomorrow, I’ll finally follow that damn intuition and find out what I’m supposed to discover.

Three

“You are mine, Tillie!”
She sat up in bed and made a loud gasp. She slapped her face with her left, then right hand, and repeated the rotation a few times to make sure she was awake. Then she shook her head and said aloud, “Damn, gimme a break! I’m sick of this.”
Tillie’s gaze scanned the moonlit room. She focused on her posters of a female goth-rock singer in various poses and then noticed she was still wearing her work clothes. I must have fallen asleep the minute my head hit the pillow.
She stood up, wobbling a little in her four-inch platform shoes. She kicked them off, and pushed down her purple ruffle miniskirt, unfastened the black corset top, and then rolled black thigh-high stockings down her legs. She reached under the bed and grabbed a black nightshirt, slung it over her head, and let it fall into place.
She flicked the light on and looked at the mirror. “Yeesh.” Her reaction to the thick makeup smeared over her face. She checked the pillow and saw the rest of her makeup blurred onto it. “Oh, that’s great.” 
Sounds of swishing water alerted her to the bowl on her desktop. She smiled at her friend, Fishy the goldfish. “Sorry I didn’t feed you yet.” She grabbed the fish food container, unscrewed the cover, took a pinch of the flakes, and sprinkled it over the bowl. She watched as the silver and gold-colored fish swam up to eat, drifted back down, and then up again for more. Her two-year-old fish always filled her heart with joy. She loved that little creature and considered him to be her best friend.
“I’ll change your water in the morning.” She walked out of the room and headed for the communal bathroom. She thought of how weird it was to have a fish as your best friend, but it didn’t bother her. Being weird was her thing.  
As far as other people in her life, well, she wrote humans off a long time ago. Sure, she’d like to have friends and lovers, but it was her experience that people didn’t like her unless they could get something from her. She longed for a relationship that didn’t come with conditions or debts. Just someone who loved her for who she was, no matter what. But that was something so foreign that she probably wouldn’t have recognized it if it ever presented itself to her.
Her earliest memories were of getting made fun of both at school and whichever foster home she was in that month. She was always the smallest, skinniest, and oddest. She never followed the interests of other girls who were dressing like princesses. She was most comfortable in jeans and hoodies. The princess movies were even worse. She hated waiting for a prince to come and fulfill the girl’s dreams. She wanted to be the maker of her own dreams and destiny.
All these things made the other girls see her as a freak, and the boys enjoyed teasing her. The older she got, the worse the mocking became. She had gotten accustomed to being bullied and treated like a subhuman creature but had never accepted it. She never stopped wishing to find a friend that liked her for who she was. She believed she had a lot to offer, but her chances of achieving this goal became worse while she became the focus of ridicule and punchlines.
At twelve years old, she’d had enough and answered the name-calling with violence. Although she was small and had little upper body strength, she could pack a mean kick. A donated pair of second-hand work boots became her weapon of choice. The trouble she got in because of this method was of no consequence to her. She reasoned that no teacher or foster parent ever stuck up for her—so why should she care if she disappointed any of them? She laughed when they threatened her with a suspension. She’d say, “Oh no, you will make me stay home so I can do whatever I want instead of going to school? Please, no.”
Her answer to the bullying solved the problem. In the schoolyard, the other children laughed and played at a distance from her. She ruled a section of the playground by herself. In class, she would sit in the corner seat against the wall, and there was usually a barrier of empty desks between her and the next student. In full classrooms where students had no choice but to sit next to her, they would slowly slide their seats and desks away throughout the class, to where they would touch the desks on the far side. She preferred being feared rather than teased. Either way, she was alone, so it might as well be on her terms.
In foster homes, her refusal to get close to anyone had caused guardians to lose interest in caring for her. Some “bleeding hearts,” as she called them, would try to break through the armor she spent years creating. She had a default response to these attempts: “You leave me alone, and I’ll leave you alone. You collect the check, and I’ll do my own thing. Deal?” This answer contributed to her always being on the move.
As time went on, her “armor” grew stronger—to where she automatically assumed that all people sucked. About that time, she entered high school and had a growth spurt. She grew to five feet and ten inches tall, which made it harder for her to go unnoticed. Her reaction was to look as scary as she could to avoid contact. She kept her hair messy and dressed in black. 
Then the best thing happened—the state sent her to a group foster home. Everyone promised her it would be temporary, but she loved it. She received a small room that was all for her. The adult monitors agreed to her terms of being left alone. She only had to promise not to hurt anyone, and if she wanted to get into trouble—to do it somewhere else. It was the perfect arrangement. She even received an allowance to buy her own clothes and other things she needed.
In time, kids and monitors would come and go, but she remained locked in her room. It was an introvert’s dream, but she still felt something was missing. She needed companionship, so she ventured out of her species and bought Fishy the goldfish. The two became best friends. Finally, someone to talk with who only needed her to provide a little food and clean the bowl every once in a while. 
At sixteen, her life changed. She began having out-of-body experiences while she slept. At first, they freaked her out, as she didn’t know what to make of them. In trying to come up with answers, she decided that perhaps she had cheated death when she was born, and her ghost was trying to leave her body. Now this made sense. It answered so many questions—like her rejection as an infant, why she couldn’t get close to people, and why she had a fascination with the colors black and purple. Sure, you’d have to stretch a bit to make the connection, but as a sixteen-year-old, she could make this explanation fit, and that was good enough.
The older she became, the more frequent the experiences were. As Tillie grew to accept them, she controlled what she did and where she went in this form. This made her excited to sleep and venture out. She could go anywhere and do anything in this invisible state, even go through walls, and not fear others judging her. 
One day her ghost ventured out to the city, where she saw some interesting characters. They were a few young ladies dressed in goth attire. She followed them into a nightclub called The Darkness. Once inside, she heard a voice singing that sounded like an angel. It came from a beautiful woman on a small stage in the club's corner. She, too, dressed in a sexy gothic outfit, which seemed to be the theme of the club. 
The singer mesmerized Tillie with her voice and attractiveness. This was an awakening for her. She realized her attraction to the female form and mind. It didn’t surprise her—rather—it confirmed something she had never cared about until now. This brought on another problem. She couldn’t meet women when invisible. 
She also felt a calling—to be a goth. It was the perfect lifestyle for her, where the unusual is both accepted and celebrated, and she believed she fit that bill. She also loved the fashion and culture of it. Though dressing up girly was never her thing, there was something about the goth style that was sexy and strong—empowering. The attire said to her, “Here I am, and if you don’t like it, screw you!” That was the message she wanted to send.
She saved up her allowance for a few months to afford the outfits she desired to express her alternative way of life. In that time, she studied goth video tutorials and forums, learning how to apply the proper make-up and the various clothing styles she could wear. After letting her hair grow out more, she dyed it purple. 
Though she was excited to see the reaction of people when she came out as a full goth with tight dresses and skirts, fake eyelashes, and dark makeup, they didn’t have the desired effect. They only garnered attention from the wrong crowd—a crowd of boys. They didn’t really want to get to know her, but to use her as a conquest. No, thank you!
She thought about going back to her old self but decided not to allow boys to dictate the way she dressed or anything else about her. School never interested her anyway. She had repeated a few grades, and at that pace, she would never graduate. So, she dropped out and took a job at the goth club. It took a lot of convincing because she was still a minor, but the owner hired her to work before the club opened. She swept the floor, washed dishes, and took out the garbage. Since she felt this was the chance of a lifetime, she agreed to less than minimum wage. 
She used to hang around after her shifts to help bands set up, hoping to meet someone like the woman with an angel’s voice. Most of them were all-guy bands, though, and the woman, Cilla Blacksoul, never returned. Tillie followed her career through the internet and purchased all her recordings and posters that she could find. Cilla ended up in New York City, and Tillie dreamed of going there someday to see her perform. 
While working at the club, she met a photographer and makeup artist named Jonas Black. He told her he loved her style and wanted to photograph her. He ran a website called Nocturnal Images that sold his work. He promised her half of the royalties from the prints. She agreed and began modeling. His brand was taking photos of women in “death positions,” as he liked to say, clothed in gothic attire and sporting various wounds he’d create through the art of makeup and special effects. He’d put stab wounds and bullet holes on her. Sometimes it would be very gory. Tillie didn’t mind so long as it didn’t stain her clothes.
She enjoyed doing the shoots with Jonas. She was upfront about her being gay, so there weren’t any uncomfortable moments when he was applying her gashes and bruises. He never really became a friend as he was using her to create his art. They maintained a decent work relationship, and that was fine with Tillie. She laughed at the thought of how she had spent so much of her life trying not to get noticed, and now here she was being photographed and shown on the web.
They never made much money from the photographs, but attracted a small following of horny boys that emailed Jonas for her contact information. He never gave it out but thought of ways to monetize her further. So, with Tillie’s permission, he started a blog called Tillie Dies. She was far from a celebrity but made a few hundred dollars per month. Jonas even made a calendar featuring her in twelve photographs of gory death scenes.
Things started going faster when she turned eighteen. The owner of the club made her a waitress, and Jonas pushed her to photograph nude. She said yes to the club and no to the nudes. Jonas threatened to walk, as he wanted to go ‘big’ with her. He wanted to quit his day job, and Tillie was his ticket. Luckily for Tillie, it isn’t easy finding attractive goth women who wanted to model dead. Tillie was an original he longed to exploit. She knew this and kept him in check.
Yes, life was going her way for once—now, if only she could find that special someone.
Tillie returned from the bathroom with her face clean of the smudged makeup. She needed to get a few more hours of sleep. Tomorrow was an important day. The home monitor had been bugging her to either go back to school or find an apartment. Checks stop when you turn eighteen unless you are still in school. So, she needed to find a place.
With a few leads and a couple thousand she saved from the club, and not being too picky in taste, she was feeling confident that she’d find an apartment soon. The biggest excitement of finding a new home would be to have a bathroom for herself. 
She flipped her makeup-smudged pillow over, turned off the light, and lay down to sleep. 

Four

“You are mine, Queenie!”
She woke to a horrible scream. She leaped from her bed and rushed to her sister’s side. “Maddie, you okay?”
“No, Queenie, not at all. You freaked me out with your whispers and cries.”
Queenie turned back to her bed. “Sorry, I keep having the same stupid dream.” 
The sounds of footsteps rushing toward their room made Queenie stop in her tracks, sigh, and fold her arms over her chest. “Well, great, here we go.”
The door flew open. “Maddie, are you all right?” Their mother and father rushed to her side.
“I’m fine. It was Queenie again.”
“I’m fine too.”
“C’mon Q,” their father said. “We heard Maddie’s scream. Stop playing the sad little orphan card.” 
Queenie hated it when he used that line. It was yet another reminder she wasn’t their blood-related child.
“Can everybody please be quiet? I need to sleep. I’m on live at ten,” Maddie whined.
“Okay, okay, I got it.” Queenie grabbed the blanket and pillow from her bed. “I’ll be on the couch, again.”
“What do you say to your sister, Maddie?” their mother asked.
Maddie rolled over to face the wall and said, “Thank you oh so much for freaking me out so now I can have nightmares.”
“Welcome.” Queenie went downstairs to the great room and stopped at the sectional couch. She threw down the pillow, wrapped herself in the blanket, and fell onto the sofa. Her eyes were wide open as she rubbed the gold cross on her necklace between her thumb and forefinger. Nothing like my adoptive parents to piss me off.
She loved her parents. It’s just that she wished they would stop patting themselves on the back for taking her in. Sometimes she felt like a rescue. A pet they could tout in front of friends to show how generous they were. And to show that she wasn’t an actual relation, just in case she peed on the floor.
Her parents took her in when she was three. Maddie was so upset that her mother had given birth to a boy, Thaddeus, that she insisted they rectify the situation. She was so looking forward to having a little sister. 
Marcus and Bethany Breen were hard-working middle-class people. Marcus was a mechanical engineer and Bethany, a nurse. They could afford a house in a nice residential neighborhood with enough left over to provide nicely for their children. They’d wanted to try for another girl, but Bethany had her hands full with Thad. If she ever was to return to work, she couldn’t have yet another baby. Not to mention that gender wasn’t a guarantee. So, adoption was an acceptable alternative. A girl, Maddie’s age, would be perfect.
When they brought home Queenie, it elated Maddie. The two were instant friends, and they made the adoption final. Queenie felt so lucky to find a family that wanted her—especially at her age. At least, that’s what she’d been told repeatedly by her former foster parents.
As the girls grew, they were inseparable, but that was by design. Their parents kept them together. Queenie would do whatever Maddie did—dance, gymnastics, scouts. They went through a lot of activities. Whether Queenie liked it, once Maddie failed or tired at it, she had to follow.
When adolescence hit, Queenie rebelled against the rules. Her parents constantly reminded her of where she might have ended up if it weren’t for them. She decided to keep to herself and wondered about her actual family. Why had her parents abandoned her? Were they killed in an accident, or were they homeless? She dreamed about them coming back and making her the center of their attention. Then she could dare dream about doing something just for her. 
She wanted to try out for the school’s track team, but when she asked, Maddie decided she wanted to try out for cheerleading. Queenie’s height and agility landed her a spot on the squad. Maddie was short and clumsy—therefore, she didn’t make it. That was the end of that for both of them.
Queenie feared she would follow Maddie for the rest of her life. Then she turned sixteen and realized her gift—she could discover an object’s past by touching it. It was like a strange recording in her head—and she could watch any event involving the object or any person who had been in contact with it. She had always had a fondness for history—it was the only subject she could get top grades in. This gift made her believe history would be the one thing she could have for herself. She never revealed it to anyone for fear that if she did, it would somehow become corrupted. Like everything else she was good at.
She began picking up habits like going to local antique stores and “reading,” as she called her gift, old tools and furniture. She loved seeing people from fifty to one hundred years ago and beyond. She felt a bond to those lives lived and forgotten. 
She volunteered with the Blackstone Valley Historical Society and worked to clean up historical and forgotten cemeteries. She found places she never knew existed. To use her gift on a grave was heartbreaking but real. She would find out about cemeteries in need of maintenance from an elderly historian in the Society named Joe Silfor. She wanted his life. To surround herself with all things from yesteryear seemed like her paradise.
It was Joe who recommended her for an internship with Our Valley, a free weekly newspaper publication. She was seventeen and excited about doing some real historical research and teaching people about her findings through writing. She worked under Jack Bento, the historical writer, and it disappointed her that the only thing she learned from him was that he took his mocha-mint latte with heaps of sugar.
She stayed there regardless of the menial tasks. Besides, it was only for a few hours a week. One day she had an idea for a page: historical obituaries. She thought she could research the cemeteries and give a brief history of the families buried there and their contributions to the local area. She pitched it to the editor and got the job, so long as she worked for free.
This was it! She had found something that put her exactly where she loved to be—at the historic cemeteries. She’d be an advocate for the dead—something she had a passion for. Maybe this would turn into a paying job, and she’d be happy doing this for life.
She was in the job for a few months when Maddie came to the paper. Queenie saw her trespassing on her territory and rushed to intercept. “What are you doing here?”
She smiled. “I’ve got an idea for a column. I will pitch it, or whatever it’s called when you tell your boss your idea.”
Queenie tightened the grip she had on her notebook. “What do you mean?”
The chief editor’s door opened. “You must be Maddie! You’ve got thirty seconds.”
Queenie watched as Maddie went into his office. What on Earth is she doing? Can’t I do one thing without her trying to mess it up? 
One hour passed when Maddie came out. Queenie went to her immediately. “What’s this about?”
“Getting a job. He gave me a column. He’s only paying me three hundred a week to start, but I think I can get more once it catches on.”
Queenie felt the blood in her head boil as she seethed, “What are you talking about?”
“Isn’t it great? I will get kids at school to write in questions about life and stuff, and I will answer them. Do you think I could have gotten more money? How much are you getting?”
Queenie stormed into the chief editor’s office and demanded to know why Maddie could walk in and get a job. He angrily explained that the paper desperately wanted young people to get interested in reading it. “She’s popular at school and will drive kids to our website. She’ll go live and answer questions.”
“I’ve been working here for free, and you pay her?” When she left the office, she was one hundred and fifty dollars per week richer, so long as she made sure Maddie made her deadlines. 
Queenie went home in a rage with only one thought—I need to get out of here! She continued to work for the paper, but would find a full-time job once she graduated and then get the hell out of this house.
Queenie later learned that Maddie didn’t get accepted into any of the colleges of her choice. Since Queenie wasn’t going to college—Maddie did what Queenie was doing in her own way. Maddie’s idea turned into a local sensation. It interested students from her school in the advice she had to give. Soon teenagers from all over the paper’s circulation area were checking out “Ask Maddie.” She even got a slot on the local radio station on Saturdays at ten in the morning and was making more and more money.
Queenie knew it was wrong to resent her sister’s success, but she couldn’t help it. When her eighteenth birthday came and went, she didn’t get that full-time job. She had so many responsibilities with the historical society and the paper that she kept putting off the job search.
She lay on the couch, angry at everything, and desperately wished for a path. So long as it included all that she already had, plus more cash.

Five

“You are mine, Jaele!”
She spun in her bed as she awoke from the dream. Ugh, this same dream again? What’s it mean? Five versions of myself with a weird old guy… and the clothes are so not me. Maybe one of them has some taste, but the others dressed cheap. It must be a warning of how close I can get to not being wealthy.
“Warning accepted,” she said aloud to the dream gods. 
She got out of bed for a drink of water, as her throat felt dry. She made her way from the bedroom into the dark, thinking—no more chocolate before bed.
Her mood then sunk back to where it had dwelled for the last few weeks. She’d been feeling like something was missing in her life.
She flipped on the hallway light. Photographs, sketches, and paintings all of her likeness from various ages lined the hallway wall to and down the staircase. She glanced over them while making her way down to the first floor. The path of her images was like a shrine. Some she wished her mother would throw in the trash, but others looked amazing—if she didn’t think so herself. 
She went into the kitchen, opened the refrigerator door, and grabbed a bottle of water. College would start in about two months. She felt like she should be more excited. 
Jaele was a girl who had almost everything. She’s the only child of Peter and Charlene Cray who saw to it Jaele never wanted for anything.  
In school, Jaele didn’t perform very well. It took many tutors and donations to her private school to get her through. It’s not that she couldn’t do it—she knew she didn’t have to. Mommy and Daddy always took care of things.
Her female peers disliked her. In fact, she didn’t have any female friends. But she was very popular with the boys. She went through boyfriends quickly, which played a large part in girls disliking her, as she never cared if the boy she was dating had a girlfriend.
Though her parents spoiled her, she didn’t think so. After all, on her sixteenth birthday, she got a used blue compact car instead of the new red convertible she wanted, but she powered through like a trooper. Until two weeks later, when she crashed it while applying mascara. She was fine, but it took a few weeks for her car to get fixed. 
She used to want to be popular with other girls and have someone to confide in. She tried to think she’d gotten over that and saw other girls who hated her as jealous. She does, however, have a best friend who’s a boy. Good ol’ Bryon Naylor. He’s a neighborhood boy and a bit of a nerd. They spent a lot of time together as he tutored her in math and science. He had a crush on her, and she knew it. She thought he was cute, but knew that dating would ruin their friendship, and then who would be there for her whenever she called?
Bryon was a tech geek and loved everything about computers and other high-tech equipment. He’d graduated from school with Jaele and was planning on attending a community college in the fall to major in information technology. 
As Jaele prepared for college, she had but one goal—to find someone who was on track to becoming wealthy and marry him. With grades less than average—she decided on getting into a college near other ‘more prestigious’ universities, where she hoped to find a handsome, eligible man with an entrepreneurial spirit who would treat her the way she deserved. It might not have been the most “modern woman” way of thinking, but it was her goal.
When she was thirteen years old, her parents brought her to a dinner party on Cape Cod. Their hosts, the Saverns, were a wealthy couple with a huge beachfront summer home. Mrs. Savern spent her days going to the spa, gym and giving orders to their servants. All Jaele knew about Mr. Savern was that he owned a tech company that made various popular phone apps. Once young Jaele witnessed this lifestyle, she knew it was for her.
Many would call her dream shallow and superficial, and she always responded, “That’s what poor people say.”

Six

“I will have them all, Nuri!”
Nuri leaped out of bed and grabbed her hair. “No, no, no!” She knew what this dream was about, and she knew who it came from. It was the fulfillment of Dr. Maxwell Vander’s plan. He had made her his prisoner, and would soon take her sisters to use for his wicked schemes.
She walked through the darkness over the cold wooden floor to the small desk and flicked on the lamp. The room was such a depressing and lonely place. It almost made her want to shut the light back off, and she would have if it weren’t the only company she had in her solitude. She went to the one window in the room and leaned on the sill with her elbows, staring into the early morning darkness. From her view, she saw in the distance a streetlight and a small glimpse of the road it shined upon. Every once in a while, a car would drive by. When it did, she imagined where the person was going. She would think, perhaps to or from work, maybe on the way to the airport for a flight to some exotic location, or possibly some lonely soul who drove to keep from going insane by the silence of their empty home.
As a child, Nuri lived a fairly normal life as a foster child. She had been through a few homes, never leaving for any dramatic reasons. One was because the foster parents were moving to another state. Another was because they wanted to retire. Everything seemed to work itself out until she neared her sixteenth birthday. That’s when the voices started.
Her foster parents at the time reported this to the social worker. They immediately brought Nuri to a psychiatrist, Dr. Elwood. It baffled him, as she didn’t show any signs of paranoia, schizophrenia, or any other mental illnesses that came with delusions. As far as he could see, she was perfectly normal—except for a few voices in her head.
Her foster parents didn’t want her to disturb their other children, so they relinquished care back to the state. Dr. Elwood committed her to a psychiatric hospital for children and continued studying her. He tried various medications and therapies over the next several months, all with no effect in stopping the voices. The state flipped the bill for her care, and the good doctor saw an opportunity for the hospital to make a little money by publishing her unusual condition in various notable medical and psychiatric publications. Before long, medical professionals from all over came to see the anomaly named Nuri Doe.
Eventually, she established a real mental condition known as depression—from being treated like a thing to study and prod. The hospital took an otherwise healthy girl and created a severely depressed one. 
Her only relief came from the voices. She had plenty of time to study them and understand that they were from four girls. Their names were Esma, Queenie, Tillie, and Jaele—names as odd as her own. She stopped explaining the voices to the doctors and told them it was only incoherent chatter as the girls in her head became something of a secret for her to keep. She was finished cooperating, and reported the voices were fading away. At seventeen, she told Dr. Elwood—the voices stopped. He took full credit and told the state that they could release her.
She waited patiently for her new set of fosters and couldn’t wait to get on with her life. She knew she had a lot of schooling to make up, and then she’d go to college or get a job to start a whole new life for herself.  All would be right again once she finally got out of the hospital.
She went to a temporary group home while awaiting a family to foster her. Then information came that a married couple who had been friends of her mother and father wanted to adopt her. She was so excited and couldn’t wait to learn about her parents. It was so much better than she could ever have imagined. Someone wanted her—and not for the state paycheck.
Usually, an adoption took time and many visits between the couple and child, but because of the extenuating circumstances such as they knew the parents, lived out of state, and were very wealthy—nothing like cash to oil the slow-moving cogs of state bureaucracy. Nuri was told she would meet them when they came to pick her up. 
Her new adopting parents’ names were Dr. Maxwell and Celeste Vander. They needed to make certain arrangements before they could leave their Long Island home and come to be with her. They had bought a place in North Smithfield, Rhode Island, a small rural community, where they planned on living to make a home with Nuri. 
It amazed her, as no one had ever made such a fuss. She would have been fine with living in Long Island or anywhere that didn’t give you gelatin with every crappy meal.
The day finally came to meet the Vanders, and when they arrived in a stretch limousine, Nuri could feel the jealousy of every kid in the group home. She didn’t care about the money or the prestige—she only cared about having a family. One she wouldn’t ruin by mentioning the voices.
She watched as an older-looking gentleman with a beautiful younger wife came to the door to fetch her. He was a scary-looking fellow with pale, white, leathery skin and slicked-back gray hair who seemed to be in his sixties. The woman had long black hair and pale skin, but it worked on her to add to her beauty. To Nuri, she seemed in her forties. 
The old man and wife came right up to the young girl, and he blurted out in a deep tone, “Nuri?”
“Yes, sir?”
“You look exactly like your mother—so beautiful. Doesn’t she, Celeste?”
“Oh yes, she certainly does.” Her voice was light and rhythmic.
After they gave the proper papers to her guardians, they released Nuri into their care. Walking to the large limo, she couldn’t help but wonder who this strange man was and why he would only now go through the trouble of formally adopting her. Whatever the reason, she was happy to be with them. I’m sure his looks are deceiving. He’s probably a sweet fella who’s looking to make good on a promise he made to my dying mother. 
Once in the huge vehicle, Nuri asked, “How did you know my mother?”
Celeste gave her a rotten, angry look, and Maxwell said to the driver, “Take us home, Jerald.” Then he looked at her. “You are mine, Nuri. Your mother took someone very important away from me, and now I get to return the favor. I plan on using your magic to make me far more powerful than my predecessor.”
Nuri felt as though she sank into her seat, becoming part of the upholstery. What could my mother have done that was so bad that this man wants to have his revenge through me?
Try to be nice, Nuri. She asked, “What do you mean by magic?”
He smiled. “All those quacks at the hospital were dumbstruck by you and those voices. They do not understand how very special you and your sisters are. Yes, those voices are, in fact, your sisters. You are the communicator, but we shall get to all of that much later. You and I have all the time in the world.”
She arrived where she now resides—alone, in a room within a vacant old forgotten mill, out in the middle of nowhere, locked away behind a metal door and Vander’s powers. He used her to find out about her sisters, even though she refused to cooperate. He could read her thoughts to answer all of his questions.
A car passed under the light. It was a police car. If only he knew what was going on just a few hundred feet from his cruiser. She lowered her head and cried while whispering to her sisters, “I’m so sorry.” For she knew Vander was about to rain hell’s fury over them. 
Seven

Esma showered and prepared to begin her journey. She looked at her reflection to examine the swollen, purple side of her face. Great, looks like it feels. 
She packed an old backpack with an apple, a chocolate-covered granola bar, and her sports bottle filled with lemonade drink. For breakfast, she made toast buttered with sugar and cinnamon sprinkled over it. She ate it as she left the small apartment building and stepped into the sunny June morning, excited to find out where her intuition had been pointing her for the last couple of years.
She stopped and stood to figure out which intuition-inspired sign in her mind to follow. She decided on heading to the closest marker as she was traveling on foot. She started in a northeasterly direction. She marched on, thinking this had been a long time coming and how she hadn’t a clue what she might find on the other side of her brain’s rainbow.
It didn’t take long before she realized this would not be as easy as following her sense. The roads don’t head straight to where she wanted to go, and by following them, she sometimes walked in the wrong direction.
After an hour, she huffed as the road wound away from her destination again. “Come on!”
This’ll take all day. And for what? To find someone who’ll probably think I’m crazy for doing this. What am I going to say? My name is Esma, and my instinct has been telling me for two years to come here. Oh, and can I have a ride home?
Yeah, that’ll go over well. I should turn around right now. Who knows how far this first marker even is from here? I should just go back and wait until I have a license and a car. I’ve waited this long…
No! Shut up and walk. She cut across someone’s yard to continue heading in the right direction. Who says I need to follow the road, anyway? 
She continued at a faster pace, following her direction instead of the road. An hour later, she found herself in the woods. She was getting closer and going in the right direction. Being incarcerated her whole teenage life had left her with no sense of direction, except that special sense. Just keep following, she told herself. Better not get any damn ticks on me. That’s all I need, Lyme’s disease.
Her instinct finally brought her out of the forest and onto a highway. “Great!” 
Her sense showed that she had to cross it. So, she waited for an opening and then bolted across two lanes, climbed over a concrete barrier, and then through two more lanes. A car came up fast and blew their horn as she headed off the road. She turned and yelled after it, “Screw you!”
She ran up a hill to a fence with barbed wire. “Really?” She saw that a few yards past was a neighborhood. “Well, here goes nothing.” She climbed the fence, placing the backpack on top of the old rusty wire. “Guess I can add tetanus to the diseases I might get on this stupid quest.”
She flipped over the fence and landed acrobatically on her feet, but her pack fell back over the other side. She let out a growl, then pulled the fence up from the bottom, and dragged the pack underneath.
Proud of herself, she unzipped the bag, retrieved the sports bottle, and took a few gulps. Then sat in the tall grass and ate the apple and granola bar. When finished she licked the melted chocolate off her fingertips, threw the apple core into the field, returned the wrapper and sports bottle to the pack, flipped it over and onto her back, and with a renewed luster continued onward.
“I’m getting close, I can feel it!” She trotted as she ran through someone’s backyard and into their front with a police cruiser waiting for her.
“Afternoon!” The young policeman came out of the car. “You know it’s against the law to do what you just did. Please come here.”
Her stomach reacted unkindly. 
“What’s your name?” the cop said.
“Esma Doe.” She took short, slow steps toward him.
“Do you have a license or some other form of identification?” 
“No.”
He opened the passenger front door and said, “Get in, if you’d please.”
Well, at least he hadn’t slapped on the cuffs yet. She slid into the police car while her knees trembled and fighting the instinct to bolt.
The police officer came around and sat in the driver’s seat while talking to the radio on his shoulder. “I have her with me. A young woman. Doesn’t have an ID. Says her name is Emma Doe.”
“Esma,” she corrected.
“Elsa?”
“E-S-M-A—Esma.” Not the first time she had to spell out her name.
“Age and address.”
She answered, and he repeated it to the radio.
A few minutes went by, and the man’s voice on the other side said, “No record. Make sure she doesn’t do it again. I don’t want to send a rescue to scrape her off 146.”
“Roger that.” He turned to Esma, “Did you hear that? You’re lucky the state police didn’t see you. They treat these things a lot more severely.”
“I’m sorry. It won’t happen again.” She let out a breath of relief. She remembered the state sealed her record when released from juvie. Now she knew that it meant her slate was clean.
“Where are you headed?” the officer asked.
“Um, well, it’s sort of hard to explain.” She fiddled with her pack and hoped to get out of this without having to say any more.
“Let me take you there. Just give me the street.”
Blood rushed to her head as she thought of what to say. “I, um, I don’t know the name of the street. I only know the direction.”
He looked at her for a moment as if trying to understand what she said.
She added, “It’s been years since I’ve been there, an old friend’s house.”
“Does this friend have a name? I can call it in and get an address.”
Her gut bottomed out. Now what? Her mind spun to figure out how to get out of this one. Finally, she said, “Trish. I’m afraid I don’t know her last name. Look, I know how it sounds, and I can walk from here, so…”
He answered slowly, “So, which direction do you want me to drive?”
“No, really, it’s okay. Thank you so much, but I’m good now.” She opened the door.
“Sit down, Elsa. I’m afraid I must insist. Can’t have you trespassing through people’s property and across highways. You’re my responsibility now, and I’m taking you to where you’re going.”
She closed the door, sat back, and pointed. “That way, and my name is Esma.”
He drove around the residential neighborhood, came out to the main road, and looked at Esma for instructions. She answered with, “Left.” 
As he followed her directions, he asked, “How did you get that black eye?”
“Injured during training.”
“What are you training for? Football?”
“Roller derby. Look, I appreciate the ride, but why the questions?”
The police officer took a second before he asked, “When did you get out of juvie?”
Her heart seemed to rise into her throat. All she could muster up was, “What?”
“Come on, Ezima, do you think I don’t recognize that address you gave me? I just want to know what I’m dealing with.”
During his little monologue, she came up with the perfect answer. “I don’t want to talk about it. Turn right.”
“Okay, you do have the right to remain silent, I suppose. I wouldn’t use it against you. Just wanted to know a little more about you before I asked you to dinner.”
Eight

Queenie sat in her room and worked on her next article for the paper. Her radio was silent, as it always was when Maddie was doing her show. It was full of nonsense and stupidity—even though her parents and friends never missed an episode. The thing that upset Queenie was no one ever read her articles. They found her insights into and reflections on the lives and deaths of people in local history to be morbid, depressing, and weird. Her answer to that? “Screw them.” She had a small but interested fan base, and that was who she worked so hard for.
Today she was alone in the house. Both parents went with Maddie for her show, and Thad went to a friend’s house, as they did every Saturday. After which, they all met up and went out for dinner. This gave Queenie the house for the rest of the afternoon. She became accustomed to writing her articles during this time. The extended family and friends knew that Maddie and her parents were busy on Saturday afternoons. Therefore, while she was deep into a story on the Jenks family farm, the sound of the doorbell startled her a bit.
“Who the heck?” she said to herself while bounding down the stairs. A peek out of the family room window showed a police car, and Queenie became nervous. Her mind went to worry, and she hoped no one had gotten into an accident. As surprised as she was when she spotted the police cruiser, it didn’t compare to her shock when she opened the door and saw her own face staring back.
They both gawked at each other in silence as the police car drove off. Queenie’s mind went a hundred miles an hour. Who is this? She could be my twin. Except for the bruised face and tough stance. She looks like she could beat the crap out of me. Why is she not saying anything? If she’s not speaking, then what do I do? Say something!
Queenie said, “Hi.” She reached to touch her as if some strange force was guiding her hand. As soon as her fingertips brushed onto the girl’s bare arm, a flood of emotion and knowledge came to her. “You’re my sister, Esma.”
Before Esma could answer, Queenie had both arms wrapped around her with teary eyes.
“How do you know my name?” Esma asked.
Queenie took another moment in her embrace. She broke away, taking notice that Esma didn’t hug her back. She wiped her eyes and said, “Never mind that. I’ll explain, just come inside.”
They sat at the kitchen table. “Would you like tea or something?” Queenie asked.
“Some water, if you don’t mind.” 
She took a bottle from the refrigerator and gave it to her as she sat. “I’ll bet you want water after all you’ve been through to get here.”
“Okay, now why are you being so weird? Like you know me. How could you know about anything I’ve been through?” Esma sounded angry. 
“Because I have abilities like you. When I touch things, I can see their history. You’re the first person I’ve ever been able to read. It’s so weird, but I saw who you are and that you came here mostly on foot until a nosy cop picked you up and drove you here. I also know you came by following your special ability.”
Esma appeared dumbfounded and took a second before speaking. “You can read minds?”
Queenie laughed, “No, not at all. I can just see where you’ve been. I can’t read a mind, but I can read objects and, apparently, you. But the strangest gift I now have is a sister.” She went in for another hug, but Esma slid her chair back as the linoleum floor screeched against the moving chair’s legs.
“Enough of the hug fest, kid. I’m just as weirded out by seeing you. I didn’t know what to expect when I knocked on the door. Give me a second to think.”
Queenie went to the stove and turned on the burner beneath a kettle. She spoke with her back to her. “What about the other two people you’re sensing? Do you think they’re related to us as well?”
“Where’s the bathroom?”
Queenie pointed, and Esma jumped up, rushed to it, shut and locked the door. 
Queenie didn’t think about how odd Esma was acting. She knew why. She knew that affection made her uncomfortable. She knew everything about her—but didn’t ponder any of it at this moment. She had a sister! A real sister!
Nine

Esma locked the door behind her, turned on the faucet, and threw cold water on her face. She whispered, “A sister? A twin sister? What the hell am I supposed to do now? She wants to have freakin’ tea. If she offers me crumpets, I think I’ll puke. And she knows everything about me with one touch. She must know I was in juvie, how I got there, and what that old bastard did.” She splashed her face with the cold water again and dried it with the hand towel without removing it from the rack. She then sat on the toilet to calm down. 
What does this mean? Should I make plans to hang out with her or something? Her mind couldn’t wrap itself around the fact that she had a relative. Being the motherless, fatherless, sibling-less weirdo was her identity. She never had to care for anyone except Trish—and look how that turned out.
This stupid journey should’ve put an end to this “sense” crap. Now I just unraveled a whole new thing. What are the other senses going to bring me to? The rest of my family?
Her left leg vibrated. I should stop being stupid and go out there to meet my sister. I don’t even know her name.
Esma stood and composed herself by shaking and whacking her head, like she always did before derby training. This is it. Meet my sister.
She trudged out of the bathroom as the teakettle whistled. Queenie asked, “You sure you want nothing?”
“I guess tea sounds nice.”
“What kind? We have black, mint, chamomile, peach, orange spice...”
Esma felt if she listened to one more tea flavor she’d and run out of the house. “Whatever you’re having.” She closed her eyes and took a deep breath as her sister’s back turned towards her. “What’s your name?”
“Oh my God, I never gave you my name? That’s just like me. I rattle on and on. People say…”
“Your name!” Esma took another breath as her sister turned and gave her a questioning look. “I’m sorry, but I’d like to know your name, please.”
“Queenie, my name is Queenie. I get it. I’m a lot to take. Would you like sugar and cream?” 
“Queenie? I guess our parents weren’t into common names. Sugar, please.”
They talked for a while as they sipped. Mostly Queenie spoke as she already knew almost everything about Esma. Once they finished their drinks, Queenie said, “Okay, when are we leaving?”
“What are you talking about?”
“You have two other people to find. Do you think they’re our parents?”
Esma thought for a minute. “I suppose, but I don’t have a car.”
“That’s fine. We’ll take mine.”

Ten

“All I know is which direction to go. The closer I get, the stronger the feeling is,” Esma explained as they got into the old car.
“Don’t mind Taylor. He’s old but reliable.” Queenie referred to her two thousand and three red Pontiac Sunfire. 
“I don’t mind at all. Beats my primary mode of transportation—my feet.”
The car slowly pulled out of the driveway. Esma pointed, and Queenie hit the gas. Esma’s head jerked back and thumped on the headrest as the car took off. Queenie drove fast and not very straight. She turned to Esma while controlling the steering wheel with one hand. “So, tell me, are you going to call him?”
Esma dug her fingers into the armrest on the door while trying to press her back into the seat. “Eyes on the road, please.”
“Sorry.” She put both hands on the wheel and took a sharp turn onto the main road. “So, did you like that police officer?”
“I guess. I don’t know. Just slow down.”
Queenie pointed. “Still this way?”
“Yes.”
Queenie hit the accelerator again. “I think I know where we’re going. This is the way to Pawtucket.”
“Okay.” Esma thought she should mention how Queenie should act when they got to their destination. She hoped a talk would calm her nerves. She hadn’t been in many cars since her release, but despite her lack of experience on the road, she was sure Queenie wasn’t doing it right. “Listen, when we get to where ever we’re going, you really should not go straight for the hug. In fact, don’t touch them until they understand what your touch means.”
“Like I said, I usually only can read objects. Maybe it only works on blood relatives. That’s freaking cool.” She swerved the car into another turn.
Esma held her breath until they took the corner, then replied, “Just be cool. Don’t come on so strong.”
“Okay.”

Eleven

Queenie slammed on the brakes when Esma said, “Here, this place here.” The car came to a screeching halt. They got out and viewed the building. It looked like an old school, but the sign read, “John Lebeau’s Home for Children.”
Queenie hesitated when Esma said, “Follow me.” They walked to the front door and opened it. There was a desk, but no sign of anyone. Esma continued inside.
Queenie whispered, “We can’t just walk around and not know who we’re looking for.”
“Why not? If they cared about who came in, someone would be at the door. I sense that we need to go upstairs.” 
They walked through the lobby and were approaching a staircase when a woman’s voice yelled, “Excuse me, you two, can I help you?”
Esma clenched her fists. So close. She turned and said, “Yes, we’re looking for someone.”
The woman seemed to be in her fifties. She wore khaki pants, and a collared short-sleeve shirt. Her expression turned to surprise when she saw the girls. “Oh, my God. You two look exactly like Tillie. It’s uncanny. If I didn’t know she was upstairs with that guy, I’d swear one of you was her. Only difference is your hair.”
“She’s with a guy?” Queenie asked. “We don’t want to interrupt.”
“No, it’s not like that. He’s a photographer. He takes pictures of Tillie. They should be finishing up by now. Tillie’s got to be at work in a few hours. Go upstairs to room five.”
“Thank you,” Queenie said as Esma was already climbing the stairs. “Hey, wait up.”
They stopped in front of a wooden door with a five on it. Queenie said excitedly, “Can you believe this? We’re triplets. I’m seriously freaking out here.”
“What did I say? Keep cool. We don’t want to overwhelm the girl.”
“Yeah, sure.” Queenie knocked on the door. They heard some rumbling around, and then the door cracked open. A thin guy in his twenties peeked through. “What?” His eyes widened at the sight of the two girls. The door opened a little more, and Esma saw a girl with purple hair lying on the floor in a blood-soaked shirt and with a knife sticking out of her throat.
“What the hell?!” Esma leaped at the guy, grabbed the collar of his shirt, and slammed him hard against the wall. “What did you do to her?” 
Queenie backed away from the doorway while staring at the poor girl’s body. “What happened?”
The girl lying on the floor got up and said, “What is this? What do you think you’re…?” She froze when she saw their faces.

Twelve

Tillie unglued the knife from her neck and handed it to Jonas—mostly to show her sisters she wasn’t hurt. Then she went to the bathroom to clean up. She removed the morbid makeup and fake blood.
What the hell is this? Sisters? Where did this come from? Just as my life is going somewhere—here comes two look-a-likes to screw everything up.
Tillie hated when people tried to force their way into her life. It was her experience that they always came with expectations, and that meant she would have to change to accommodate them. “Not this girl.” Her voice echoed throughout the bathroom. 
So, what if they hear me? Might as well get used to my attitude. She dried her face and sucked in a deep breath. “Time to meet the family.”
She opened the door, half expecting to see two images of herself waiting, but no one was in the hall. She walked to her room and saw them waiting on her bed. “Where’s Jonas?”
“He got out of here as quickly as he could. I’m Queenie, by the way, and this is Esma.”
Esma nodded. “Pleasure.”
“So, I have sisters. You guys are, like, my twins or something?”
Queenie jumped to her feet. “Triplets, actually, but there may be more. Esma senses another.” 
Esma stood and shot a glare at Queenie. “I told you to take it slow. Uh, so much for that.” She gestured at Tillie. “Look at her. You freaked her out. That’s probably how I looked when you jumped me with all this crap.”
Tillie was a little stunned by Queenie’s words. She couldn’t help but wonder if they have strange things that they could do too.
Tillie closed the door to her room in case any nosy kids, or worse, the house monitor was trying to listen. “What do you mean by that, Queenie? Do you do weird stuff too?”
Esma interjected, “Why, do you?”
Queenie clapped her hands. “Okay, let’s let the cat out of the bag. I can touch things and know their history. Esma found me by following her sense, and that’s how we ended up finding you. Do you have any strange gifts like these?”
“Damn, Queenie—you just don’t know how to ease into anything, do you?” Esma said.
“I, um, I…” Tillie started pacing the tiny room as Queenie and Esma sat back down on the bed. “I sort of have out-of-body experiences. Like, whenever I want.”
“You mean you can exit your body while it sleeps?” Queenie asked. 
“Sort of. I don’t have to be asleep to leave, but once I do, my body goes unconscious.”
“Of course!” Queenie jumped off the bed again. “Because you are the consciousness. This is literally the greatest! Do you know what this means?”
Esma nodded her head. “Yup, we’re freaks.”
“No, we’re connected. We have powers, and when we’re together, I can do more.”
“Yeah, don’t let Queenie touch you. She’ll find out all your secrets like she did to me.” Esma folded her arms. 
“And what about the dude that dresses you up in blood? What kind of thing is that guy into? Death and sex or something?” asked Queenie.
And there it was. Tillie knew this line of questioning. They want to know why I do what I do. She stared at them, thinking of a way to end this. She couldn’t come up with anything too inventive, so she told the truth. “Look, this is all cool. I’m really glad you found me, but I have to work in a little so I need to get ready.”
“See, Queenie, you overreached. Exactly what I said not to do.” Esma turned her attention to Tillie. “I’m sorry about how overwhelming this all sounds. Abilities, family, questions, believe me, it turned me off at first. It’s scary, but I promise we only want to know you. If you don’t want to talk, that’s fine too. But I must admit—in my life, I’ve always felt like something was missing. Something I couldn’t put my finger on. Today that weird puzzle piece is fitting. Forget the weird crap—we’re family, and we deserve a chance to get to know each other.”
Tillie liked Esma. She spoke with a realism that she appreciated. Nothing fancy, just direct and to the point. She wasn’t used to people talking with her. Others usually talked at her. Maybe I could get to know them a little. “Okay, fine. First, tell me about yourselves.”

Thirteen

Esma told Tillie a little about herself, and then Queenie rattled on and on for twenty minutes. That she could talk fast for so long amazed Esma. She wasn’t even sure if she took a breath during it all. She hoped Tillie would not get scared off. 
When Queenie finally paused, not sure whether she finished or if she just needed to breathe, Esma said, “Well, Tillie, it’s getting late, and you said you need to get to work, so…”
Tillie looked at the digital alarm clock on the nightstand. “Whoa, I got to get to work in an hour. Yeah, it’s been fun and all, but I have to get ready.”
“What do you do?” Queenie asked.
“Waitress at a club.” She rushed to her mirror and broke out what looked like a toolkit and opened it. “Yeah, I need to put my face on.”
Esma looked at the makeup. “That’s a lot of stuff there.”
“It’s a goth club. I’m goth. That’s me and what I do.”
“Cool,” Esma said. “A model and a waitress. You keep busy.” 
“Yeah, well, I can’t stay here forever. They’re kicking me out soon, so I need to afford a place.”
Esma hesitated before telling Tillie what was on her mind. “Look, tomorrow I will go to the last location that I can sense. I’m guessing we have another sister. I don’t know, maybe a parent. But I’m going, and I hope the two of you come with me. It’s your family too. I’ve spent so long alone that even saying the word is weird, but that’s it. You in?”
Queenie didn’t let a second pass. “I’m in, definitely. This is literally the best thing that’s happened to me in forever.” 
Tillie put down the pale foundation and folded her arms while staring in the mirror.  
Esma didn’t know whether she was contemplating her suggestion or concentrating on her face. “Well?”
“Well, what? It’s like you said, I have a lot to do. Got another photo shoot and work tomorrow. I’m kind of in a squeeze here,” Tillie said.
Esma stood, walked up behind Tillie, and looked at her reflection. She considered how to get her to join them in their quest for the truth. She’s as big a part of this as both of us, and by the looks of the way her life is going—she needs this more than us. “I don’t know you or what’s going on in your head, but this is our moment. The rest of the world can go on hold. I have a job too, and I need to get an apartment also, but I’m putting it all on pause until we understand our family. Especially since one of my senses I used to have has disappeared.”
Tillie turned and faced Esma. “What do you mean, disappeared?”
“There were four senses, and then a year ago one went away. We might have lost a close family member and don’t even know it. I plan on finding out.”
Tillie let out a huff and turned back to the mirror. “I can’t feel bad for someone I never knew. If you had these feelings for so long, why have you waited ‘til now to follow them?”
“I was in juvie since I was eleven. I got out a couple of months ago on our birthday. And now that I found you and Queenie, don’t think for a second I’m going away. This is happening.”
“And you won’t stop bothering me until I agree. Fine, but in the morning, and not too early.”

Fourteen

The next morning Tillie waited outside while having a cigarette. She dressed in a black tee-shirt and matching torn jeans. She had gotten little sleep last night. She couldn’t get the thought of having sisters out of her mind. She didn’t want to admit it to herself, but it felt nice—comfortable. Something had entered her life that had never been there. She hoped it wouldn’t dull her edge. Her edge kept her from being taken advantage of. But being wanted was a new thing for her. Esma’s speech last night made Tillie feel something she’s never felt before.
The goth club and Jonas used her and never bothered themselves with her thoughts or ideas. They really couldn’t care less about her input. For her to get what she wanted, she always had to make demands—and sometimes threats. This whole family thing might be worth checking out. 
An old red car pulled up to the group home, and Tillie put the cigarette out on the bottom of her shoe and pocketed the unused portion for later. 
Esma got out of the passenger side and asked, “Can you drive?”
“Don’t have my license.”
“Okay, then you can sit in the front. I hope the backseat is safer.”
Tillie smirked, wondering what that meant. She got in the front seat and folded her arms.
“Seatbelt?” Queenie asked.
“I’m good.”
“It’s the law. I don’t want to pay a fine if we get stopped.”
Esma advised from the back, “Trust me, you want the seatbelt on.”
“Just go. I have a claustrophobic thing with seatbelts.”
Queenie shrugged, then hit the gas. Tillie’s head smacked the headrest, and her eyes widened. “What are you doing? You trying to kill us?”
“What? This is how I drive.”
Tillie clawed for the seatbelt, pulled it across herself, and clicked it into place. “This isn’t how anybody drives.”
“Thank you. Then it’s not just me,” Esma said.
“Okay guys, quit joking around. Which way am I going?” Queenie asked.
Esma pointed, and off they flew.
Tillie thought about asking some questions. She had sat up all night thinking of them and their conversation. Esma had left a lot unsaid. “What did you go to jail for?”
“Murder,” Esma said. 
“But she did it to save her foster sister. Everybody turned on her, and she got railroaded,” Queenie added.
“Stop that,” Esma said. “My story, and my life. I never told you, so you shouldn’t speak about it until I do... But she’s right.” 
“And you can read minds?” Tillie asked Queenie.
“No, I read experiences. Esma is the only person I ever could do that to. Don’t even know if it would work on you.” Queenie took a sharp turn, and Tillie leaned as far as the seatbelt would allow.
“So Esma, your senses, do you still have them once you found us?” Tillie asked.
“Yeah. I hoped it would finally go away after I discovered you, but once I get a few feet away—the feeling comes back. You guys won’t be able to hide from me. Queenie, take this next right.”
Everyone in the car leaned as the tires screeched into the turn.

Fifteen

“This is it, Queenie. Take this turn, and we should be in the neighborhood.” 
As soon as Queenie turned, she felt intimidated by the sizes of the houses. Some had garages bigger than her parents’ house. Queenie couldn’t help but feel a little intimidated by this community. Her gut stirred at the thought they’d be knocking on one of these enormous front doors. The three of us do not look like we belong.
“Just go straight and… there! Stop the car.”
“Holy crap. Now, this is the life,” Tillie whispered.
The house Queenie’s old red car parked in front of was at the end of a cul-de-sac. It was the largest in the plat. 
“Oh, boy.” Queenie shut off the engine and took her hand from the steering wheel—her palm left moisture on it. “They’re gonna think we’re here for money or something.”
Tillie said, “So what? If they’re too wrapped up in their fortune to meet us for who we are—then screw ’em.”
“I second that,” Esma said. “Now, let’s do this.”
They got out of Queenie’s car and walked up a beautiful cobblestone walkway lined with various seasonal flowers. The grass was still wet from the sprinkler system, and the sweet fragrance of the flowers coupled with the wet earthy-hemlock scent gave Queenie the feeling that they had entered a new plane of existence. The top one-and-a-half percent’s world.
While Queenie strode slowly to take in the beauty and intimidation of the place, Tillie marched hastily as if she defied what this place stood for. None of it, in its entire splendor, seemed to impress or faze her in the least. Queenie both admired and commiserated her sister’s behavior. She wished she had the nerve to be bold and head fearlessly into any situation, but Tillie’s disregard of her surroundings seemed rude. Queenie liked the fact that she took her time to smell the roses—well, in this case, the irises. She was high energy, true, but one of the great joys in life was to stand back and take it all in. It’s what she felt made her a good historian and a mediocre journalist.
Meanwhile, Esma walked between the two, seeming to measure her next move. As soon as they arrived at the door, Tillie rang the bell.
A voice with a Hispanic accent came through a speaker. “Sí, Señorita Jaele, be right there.”
By the time Queenie and Esma arrived at the door, a large woman was opening it. She froze for a second, looking at the three identical girls.
Tillie said, “Yes, I know, it’s amazing.” She walked past the woman and into the house. 
Esma said, “Hello, ma’am. I guess we’re here to see Jaele.”
The woman welcomed them into the home and asked that they follow her. She led them to a den with a large desk and shelves of books. 
“Got a kitchen in this place? I’m starving. Didn’t have much for breakfast.”
The woman seemed perplexed by Tillie. “Sí, come this way.”
They followed her to a large kitchen. She said, “Make yourselves at home. I will be back with Jaele.”
“Thank you.” Queenie’s voice sounded slightly apologetic. Tillie’s flagrancy embarrassed her as she watched her open the refrigerator and pull food from it.

Sixteen

“Señorita Jaele! You must come, it’s so very amazing!”
Jaele was sitting at her vanity, combing her hair as she prepared for another boring, unfulfilling day. “What is it, Josefina? Can’t you see I’m busy?”
“You have three very unusual visitors. They are girls who look just like you.”
Three girl visitors? Sounds interesting. As far as the comment of how similar they looked to her, well, she assumed Josefina meant they dressed like her or were of the same age. She fluffed her hair, gave an approving wink to her reflection, and got up.
“They’re in the kitchen. The one in black said she was hungry.”
“Josefina, did you let in vagrants?” Before she could answer, Jaele was down the hall. Yes, perhaps today will be less ordinary than I thought. She went down the stairs and turned to enter the kitchen when she saw the three.
The one in black had various jars, meats, and condiments on the counter. Two others were sitting on barstools at the breakfast island. Jaele would have had a snide remark ready for people like this coming into her home and making themselves comfortable, but their faces were so much like her own that she was speechless for once.
One girl noticed Jaele and jumped off the stool. “Oh, hi. You, um, must be Jaele. My name is Queenie, this is Esma, and the one taking all of your food is Tillie.”
Tillie looked her up and down and said, “Yup, we’re at the right place. Come on in and join the club.”
Jaele sat on a stool and listened, motionless. They spoke of being quadruplets, and possibly even quintuplets, as the tough-looking one said she could “sense us all” and once sensed “a fifth.” She then tried to absorb what Queenie said. She apparently could read the history of objects as well as her sisters’, and Tillie said she could leave her body at will.
What the hell. I have sisters? They have… abilities? It all seemed like a joke. Someone’s doing some kind of trick with masks and makeup. I’ve seen people do all kinds of things on television, but they all look so…
“So? What’s your story? And what’s your power?” Tillie asked with cheeks filled with her odd sandwich creation. Jaele remained silent as Tillie swallowed her food. “Hello in there. Blink if you can hear me.”
“I, um, I don’t understand any of this. You look like me, but I’ve heard nothing about having sisters. My parents never said anything about that. I’ll need to ask them. It’s all crazy.”
“How would your parents know about our actual parents?” Queenie asked.
Jaele leaped out of the stool, knocking it on the floor. “What do you mean? They are my actual parents. I don’t know what happened to you, but I’ve lived here my entire life.”
Queenie's face turned to sorrow. “I’m sorry to be the one to tell you, but you’ve lived here since you were three. Your parents lived here two years before that. I read the history of the house. The counters and cabinets are original. I can even see the guy who installed them.”
“No!” Jaele screamed. “Get out! You don’t know anything! You come here and tell me this crap for what? Money? Fine, I’ll inform my parents you came by! But leave me alone!” She ran out of the room.

Seventeen

Tillie placed her elbows onto the counter opposite Esma and Queenie and said, “That went well,” then took another bite of her massive sandwich.   
Esma sighed, “Now what?”
“We find out about our past. Look for anything that can tell us about where we came from. I want to know exactly who our parents are, and whether we have a fifth sister,” Queenie said.
“Pass. Sorry, but I got things to do. I got a photo session, and then I have the club to get ready for,” Tillie said.
Queenie stood up and marched to the side door. She spun on her heel to face them with arms folded. “Fine then, you know what? I’ll do it all myself! You guys have better things to do, and I have a job too, but this is important to me. This is one of those things you read about or see on TV that becomes a pivotal moment. Can’t anybody see that our lives will turn in a different direction now? Can’t you see that we have each other now?” Queenie opened the door and stormed out into the humid air. Quite a difference from the climate-controlled house and chilly attitudes within it.   
“Queenie, wait!” Esma ran after her. “Come on, stop for a second. Listen.” They both stopped in the driveway. “I will go with you, okay? I don’t know how much help I’ll be, but you and I can do this together. I know this is important. The others will see it too, but they’ve lived so long thinking they’re alone that it’s hard to change. I just got out of juvie, so my life is open to anything. Those two think their futures are in stone.”
Queenie’s eyes lowered. “Don’t just say that cause I freaked out. I do overreact. I get excited about things. You’ve seen that.”
“Yeah, and I’m not just saying that. The moment I first saw you, I knew my life would change for the better. Having family is something I’ve never known. I get the feeling none of us really felt whole until now. Those two are just scared to act on it, and we won’t turn away from them. Deal?”
“Deal.”
“What deal?” Tillie came down the side steps with both hands on her sandwich. Something squished out of it and plopped on the ground between them.
“You’re not getting into my car with that.”
Esma said, “You lived with your adopted parents the whole time? I mean, since abandoned?”
“Yeah,” Queenie answered.
“Do you think your parents kept the adoption papers? We might find a clue to who our parents are.”
Queenie smiled, “That sounds great. Tillie, you want to join us?”
“Sure, as long as you don’t give me another lecture. Besides, it’s Sunday. I heard some people call it family day.”

Eighteen

Queenie parked her car in front of her house. Esma said, “You know, I like going fast, but you drive crazy. You know that, right?”
“You only told me a hundred times.” Queenie answered.
“Anybody home?” Tillie asked.
“Nope. Everybody’s out doing their own thing. We should have the house.”
“Good. I hate meeting people.”
“You must be an outstanding waitress,” Esma said.
They entered the house and went to the cellar. Queenie flipped a switch that barely illuminated the musty underground room. The others followed her past the washer and dryer, where Queenie picked up a flashlight off a narrow shelf, and continued beyond the Christmas, Halloween, and Easter decorations to a mass of shoeboxes on metal shelving against a wall.
Queenie clicked the flashlight and shined it on the boxes. Each marked by year in black magic marker. “If it’s anywhere, it’ll be here.”
“Okay, looks like a lot of work. Mind if I smoke?” Tillie asked.
“Yes,” both answered in unison.
Tillie left to go outside as Queenie and Esma searched for fifteen-year-old boxes. Queenie handed Esma the flashlight, pulled two boxes that revealed the year of her adoption, and opened it. Esma sat beside her to shine the light while Queenie flipped through tax documents, paid bills, and various receipts and warranty information about the purchases her adopted parents had made that year. 
“Damn, girl, they throw nothing away, do they?” Esma said.
“Nope. My dad is a serious packrat for anything he pays money for.” She pulled out some neatly folded papers. “Ah, this is it.”
It read, “The Adoption of Queenie Doe.” 
“Damn. There’s no way our last name can be Doe, Right?” Queenie asked.
“I hope not. It’s always been my last name, and all it shows is that I had no parents.”
The scent of smoke announced Tillie’s return. “So, did you find our origins yet?”
Esma answered, “No, just what we already knew.”
Queenie pored over the document, looking for a clue. Esma continued to shine the light for her as she looked over her shoulder, and Tillie laid down on some plastic trash bags marked ‘winter clothes’ with her hands clasped behind her head.
“You know, Tillie, you could help,” Esma said.
“With what? Staring at the same paper you are? I think the two of you have that covered. Wake me when you find something.”
Queenie dropped the papers and ran her fingers through her hair. “Uh, this is useless. All I need is a name.”
“What about the adoption agency?” Tillie asked.
“Everything should be here. I don’t think they’d hide that fact,” Queenie said.
“Still, they may have a more detailed file. At least it’s something to check out,” Esma said.
The sound of the front door opening and closing made Tillie jump up. “Who’s that?”
“Relax, it’s probably just my dad. Come on—we can ask him if he has anything else we can look at.” She packed the papers back into the shoebox and returned it to the shelf. Then she and Esma headed for the stairs. Tillie remained.
Esma asked her, “What are you doing?”
“I told you I hate meeting people.”
“You seemed to get comfortable at Jaele’s,” Queenie said.
“That’s just it. I act weird and do strange things like help myself to people’s fridges and stuff. Plus, we’re coming out of the basement—how odd is that?”
“I live here. It’s not odd at all. Now come on. If you want to make another mess of a sandwich, then go ahead.”
They all headed up the staircase as Queenie mumbled, “And I thought I was weird.”

Nineteen

“Hi, Dad,” Queenie said as she and her sisters filed out through the basement door into the kitchen.
“Hi, honey.” He didn’t lift his head while putting a plate of spaghetti in the microwave.
Esma elbowed Tillie and mumbled, “Go ahead, have at it.”
She muttered back, “Shut up. Besides, I’m not hungry.”
“Who are your friends?” He had his head down while pouring a drink.
“Dad, meet my sisters.”
He looked up and spilled his drink on the counter. “Oh my God... you're identical. Q, I can barely tell you apart.” He left the mess and came to Queenie and hugged her. “I’m so happy for you. I had no idea you had sisters. This is amazing! Come in, everybody. Sit down. Can I get you anything?”
“We’re good, Dad. This is Esma and Tillie.”
He smiled at them. “Nice to meet you.”
Esma nodded her head and gave a half smile. Tillie pointed with a finger gun and said, “Sup.”
“I have another sister named Jaele.” 
“Quadruplets?”
“I don’t know, Dad. We’re trying to find out about our past. Do you have anything other than the adoption papers that could give us a hint as to our heritage?”
“Oh, um, let me think.” He put his thumb and forefinger to his chin. “You know, we have something.” He walked into the dining room and opened a drawer under the china cabinet and retrieved a large Bible with papers sticking out. “When we first got you, we wanted to know if you were baptized. They hid everything about you to us. The only thing we knew was your first name. They were adamant about us not changing it. They abandoned you at a Catholic church, but they wouldn’t give us a hint which one. But with a name like Queenie, it wasn’t hard to check the diocese’s records for a baptismal certificate.” He pulled out a paper from the Bible. 
Queenie snatched it from him with shaking hands. “It’s here! It’s all here!”
Esma looked over her shoulder and read aloud, “Father, Bartley O’Rinne—Mother, Regina O’Rinne, maiden name, Horvath.”
Queenie smiled. “We now have something to go off of.”

Twenty

Jaele had gone through a complete emotional three-sixty while waiting to pounce on her parents when they got home. After she ran to her room with her duplicate sisters still in the kitchen, she cried as her heart felt broken. They ruptured her world. It never occurred to her that the only parents she ever knew adopted her. She had no memory of any life beyond this one. 
Then the burning sensation of anger. How could my parents keep this from me? I mean, I have sisters! Then the thought of having found lost siblings gave her heart a bit of a lift. I have sisters. This doesn’t mean my life will change. It just means it’ll get better—fuller.
She always wanted friends that were girls, and now she had relatives that she can have all to herself. This might be the one thing that she’d been looking for to make her feel complete. Fill that emptiness that had taunted her for as long as she could remember.
But Jaele felt another sinking sensation with the thought of what kinds of people these girls might be. Why would they try to find me after all these years? My parents have money. Is that why? Are they looking for some kind of payday? And they have powers? What kind of story are they telling? That brought her back to heartbreak. Am I so hard to love? Does everybody want something from me? How will I know if they want me or my parents’ money?
Her parents finally drove up the driveway as it was getting dark. Josephina had gone home. Jaele made her promise not to call or text her parents about their visitors until she had confronted them. Josephina had tried to comfort her after she cleaned the kitchen from Tillie’s sandwich fiasco, but Jaele had rejected her sympathies and made her vow not to say anything.
“Jaele! Are you home?” her father yelled upstairs.
She took a deep breath before confronting them. I have to know. I need them to say it.
Her parents were in the kitchen making dinner when Jaele approached. Her mother faced her, “What is it, sweetheart? What do you need?”
“Mom, Dad, I have something to ask.” 
Both parents’ eyes widened, as it was odd for her to communicate with them beyond asking for money, food, or informing them of a problem. She couldn’t decide whether they were dumbstruck at this chance to converse with their daughter or scared of what she might say. Regardless, she was eager to confront them and get answers.
“I had visitors today.”
“Oh, anybody we know?” her father asked.
“I’m not sure. You tell me. They are my sisters. Three of them, and identical to me.”
Her parents turned into statues. Jaele gave them a moment to let it sink in. Her mother’s eyes welled up, and that was enough to cause Jaele to erupt in fury. Like a volcano, she exploded on her parents. “You have nothing to say? I’d be very interested in why you’ve kept this secret from me my entire life. I mean, sisters? Don’t you think that’s the kind of thing someone would like to know about?”
Her mother burst into tears, covered her face, and ran out of the room. Her father was a lot calmer as he answered, “Honey, I don’t know what to say. I never knew about your sisters. I knew nothing about your… um… your blood family.” His voice cracked on the last two words.
Jaele took the seat her mother had vacated and said, “Tell me what you know.”
He inhaled slowly then said, “This is so unfortunate. They should never have come.”
“So, keeping this from me for the rest of my life was your plan?”
“You’re our daughter. That’s it. We adopted you and gave you the best life we could. And yes, selfishly, we wanted you to believe you were our flesh and blood. I had not the slightest notion that you were one of quadruplets. We had nothing to do with you being separated from your siblings. I swear to you we knew nothing of your former family’s past.” He got out of his chair, went to Jaele, and wrapped arms around her. “We love you so much, my darling.”
She was ready to attack, but two words tripped her up inside. He’d referred to her blood relatives as her ‘former family.’ Could that really be true? Could a court paper and lifetime of separation erase the bond between her and her sisters?
Jaele had rarely been sure of anything in her life, but she knew one thing for certain—the moment she met her sisters they filled a void in her. She couldn’t decide what that meant yet, but tomorrow she’d try to find out. 

Twenty-one

Queenie’s nerves jumped with anticipation as she drove through the dreary mist to pick up Esma to begin their quest for family. After she brought Tillie and Esma home last night, she rushed to her computer and found out as much information on her parents as she could.
She found various public records of her parents like their marriage certificate from the State of Rhode Island, many citations and court orders, and copies of both their driver’s licenses. Her father’s license was from South Carolina, and mother’s from New York. The only hint on where in Rhode Island they moved to was a P.O. Box number in Providence. 
She found it interesting that they had licenses from different ends of the eastern seaboard. She was disappointed when she discovered her father’s obituary. It read he was a father of five who died suddenly. No mention of what may have happened to him or that he had a wife. Her heart ached at the verification of her father’s death, but it didn’t surprise her. She’d figured he was dead or had abandoned her mother. Death was definitely the better of the two. This way, she could build him up and think fondly of him. She feared the same discovery would come of her mother. Maybe after his father’s death, she wasn’t able to handle five kids and so gave her children up.  
Now she knew what she had to do next. It’s what any reporter worth anything would do—see for herself. A South Carolina paper ran the obituary. So, for now, the only workable lead she could follow today was to take a few hours trip to New York City and visit the address on her mother’s license, and hope someone knows something about her. South Carolina would have to wait, as she couldn’t afford the time or money it would take to get there.
Queenie saw Esma waiting for her in the home's doorway as she parked in front. Esma ran as the mist had turned to light rain. She wore a purple hoodie with black jeans, matching Queenie’s purple raincoat with black leggings. Esma came into the car and said, “Great, we match. Isn’t this cute?” 
“If you want to change, I’ll wait.”
“No, I have nothing else that’s clean. We’ll have to look like freaky twins that have to dress alike.” She rolled her eyes. “Anyway, do you know where we’re going?”
“New York City, if you’re up for it. I found out the last known address our mother lived in before moving to Rhode Island with our father, who’s from South Carolina. The only address I found here is a P.O. Box in Providence. Even our father’s obituary didn’t give his address in Rhode Island.”
Esma paused for a minute. “Obituary, huh? I guess that makes sense. Is it weird that I feel sad?”
“I know, right? We didn’t even know the guy, and I feel like I want to cry or something.”
Esma shook her head. “So, you think you’re driving to New York?”
“Yeah, why?”
“Cause it’s raining, it’s far, and you’re a horrible driver. Turn around on this road and follow my directions.”
“To where?” Queenie snapped.
“The train station. It’ll be quicker, safer, and we won’t have to worry about finding a parking spot, which I hear may be impossible in New York.”
“What will that cost?”
Esma checked her backpack. “I have a little less than fifty dollars. How about you?”
“About two hundred in my debit account and a credit card with a thousand-dollar limit.”
“Then we’re set. You shouldn’t need to use your credit card.”

Twenty-two

They got off the train in the Bronx and followed Queenie’s phone’s directions to the address. “This is nuts,” Queenie said. “And I’m glad we didn’t drive through this.” The bustle of the city amazed her. Everybody that walked did so with such intent and purpose. She thought if she were to stop, people would trample over her.
Esma looked at the phone. “If we go through this alley, we’ll get there faster.”
“Have you seen any TV? Bad things lurk in those alleyways. The turn is just up the block.”
Esma ignored her and walked into the passage. “Come on, don’t be a wuss.” 
Queenie stood at the opening of the pathway, shook her head, and followed Esma. “She’ll be the death of me.”
Halfway through the alleyway, the narrow pass opened up and, on their left, stood five guys hanging out.
“Just keep walking,” Queenie whispered.
“Hey, check it out. Some new girls think they can walk through our territory.”
Queenie felt a tightness in her chest as two of the guys walked in front of them. One asked, “Where are you going?”
The other said, “Wow, looks like we got two hot twins.”
Esma stood up to them as Queenie cowered behind her. “Looking for the Horvath home. You know where it is?”
They laughed. Another young man walked over to them. “I could tell you fifty Horvath homes if I knew why you were asking.”
Esma took the phone from Queenie and showed the boy. “This is the exact address. You know it?”
He looked it over and turned to a guy who hadn’t moved from the wall. “Tobar, check this out.” 
He walked over and saw the address. “Who are you?”
“I’m Esma, and this is Queenie. That is the last known address of our mother, Regina Horvath.”
A boy smacked Tobar on the arm. “Hey man, you never mentioned you had hot cousins.”
“Shut up!” He then spoke to the girls. “I remember my grandma talking about her daughter, Regina. If you’re her granddaughters, she’ll definitely want to meet you. Come with me.” He headed down the alley. Esma and Queenie rushed to catch up.
“Where do you guys come from?” he asked once they caught up.
“Rhode Island,” Esma answered.
They came out of the dark alleyway and an old woman begging grabbed Queenie’s arm. “Please, girl—my children are hungry. Give me some change and good fortune will come to you.”
Tobar stopped and said to the old woman, “Don’t bother, they’re Rom.”
The woman’s voice changed from high-pitched beggar to conversational tone. “Sorry, never saw you girls around. Must be from another part of town.”
After they passed the old woman, Esma asked, “Why did you say that? What’s Rom?”
“You don’t know? If you’re related to me, then you are Romani. If you don’t even know what that is—then you’re gadji. Anyways, what I’m saying in common terms is a Rom is a gypsy.”
“Cool!” Esma said. “Is that why we have such odd names?”
“I’ve heard of them. Esma is short for Esmerelda. Queenie is rare even among Romani.”
He stopped at the entrance of an apartment building. “Here we are. Be polite and courteous and maybe you’ll survive.”
“What?” Queenie blurted.
Tobar laughed while opening the door, “I had to do that. Sorry. You look so damn nervous. I couldn’t resist. My grandfather and grandmother are the nicest people you will ever meet.”
They entered the building.

Twenty-three

“Grandma and Granddad, this is Queenie and Esma. They say they're related.”
An older couple sat in the living room. The home seemed regular to Esma. Not what she’d expect from a “gypsy” home. They were watching television and drinking tea.
The woman spoke, “Oh, really? A relative? How nice, please come in.”
“We don’t have any money.” The man’s voice sounded cranky.
“Shut up—no one wants your money.” The grandmother then gestured to the girls. “Please sit. Would you like some tea?”
“No, thank you,” Queenie said. “We’re the daughters of Regina Horvath.”
“Get out! Get these gadji out of my home.” The grandfather stood immediately and pointed to the door.
The grandmother rushed to the girls and Tobar as they all quickly vacated into the hall. “I’m so very sorry girls.” The woman’s eyes were tearing up. “My granddaughters, come and let me see you.” She grabbed Esma’s face with both hands. “Ah, you’re identical. Twins?”
“Probably quintuplets,” Queenie answered. “We’ve just begun discovering each other.”
Their grandmother’s eyes widened. “There are five of you? And they separated you? How tragic. Tobar, let’s go to your parents’ home, where we can talk.”
They walked as their grandmother stared at them. “It’s uncanny how you look like both of them—your mother and father.”
“Why did your husband tell us to leave?” Esma asked.
“Your grandfather is a stubborn old fool. He’s stuck in the old ways. Your mother married outside of Romani culture. What’s worse—she married an Irish Traveler.”
They got to Tobar’s apartment building, and their grandmother explained to his parents who the girls were. She then began heating water as Esma, Queenie, Tobar, his mother Dika, and father Pali sat down at the kitchen table. Their grandmother continued from when they were on the street. “Outsiders call Irish Travelers gypsies but are not Roma. Many of my people see them as imposters or imitators of our culture. They're not, though. They have traditions and a culture all their own.”
She continued, “Sorry, I’m babbling... Your mother married an Irish Traveler, and your grandfather disowned her. Threw away everything that reminded him of her and wanted nothing to do with her… and, well, you.” A tea kettle whistled, and she poured six teas, brought them to each person at the table, and sat with the family. She smiled at Queenie. “Your name is actually a nickname for Regina.”
Esma said, “So, they must have fallen hard for one another to leave the family.”
“Oh, yes indeed. But she did more than leave the family. She left the community—her identity.”
“And you approved,” Uncle Pali said. “She wouldn’t have left if you hadn’t encouraged her.” He then added to Esma and Queenie, “And you know why she pushed her into it? That stupid song. An old fairy tale song meant to put babies to sleep.”
“It’s an ancient Roma prophecy.” 
“Prophecy? What do you mean?” Queenie asked.
The old woman sipped her tea, then said, “You must have seen for yourselves that the women in our family are… different.”
Esma leaned back. “We know. We all seem to have special qualities.”
“Ah, qualities, but it’s only supposed to happen to the firstborn female in a generation. If my Regina had quintuplets, then you all have special qualities. Like the song says, ‘the five points of the star’s decedents shall take up the mantle of one.’”
“It’s just a song, Ma! Like I’ve been telling you for years—it could mean anything,” Pali said.
“And their father? I suppose that’s another coincidence.”
“Ma, O’Rinne doesn’t mean what you think it means.”
She looked at the girls. “It means ‘descendant of the star.’ Your father was the key to fulfilling the prophecy.”

Twenty-four

It was late. Esma and Queenie listened in awe as their grandmother spoke of how she and their mother also had powers. Pali and Dika went to bed, and Tobar slept on the couch, waiting to walk his grandmother home once she’d “finished her storytelling,” as Pali called it.
During a pause, Queenie asked, “Do many gypsies or Romani have powers like this?”
“No, the gypsy fortune tellers that gazed into crystal balls were Roma that had a good sense of people. They knew how to observe their clients and discover certain cues that most would overlook. They then used that information to give people a hint into their future. They helped many people deal with problems, like a cheating husband or financial hardships. A time long ago, before the rise of modern psychology, they heard people’s problems and gave advice based on their own experiences.
“The magic of our family didn’t come from the Romani or Hungarians. My ancestors came to Europe after fleeing Egypt. The Europeans called the Romani—gypsies, because they thought they came from Egypt. Seeing as our ancestors came from there, they put them in with the Romani. Luckily, it was a time when the Roma were more accepting of outsiders and they took them in. They married into the culture and inherited the customs.
“In time, their new family discovered their magical talents. The Roma weren’t afraid of this. Instead, treated it as gifts and used them for protection against the many enchanted beings of Hungary.       
“Gorgers, or non-Romani, have called our ancestors many things—witches, seers, enchantresses—but our proper name, which reveals our most powerful asset, is ‘Keepers of the Rift.’ The Rift is a gateway to an empty dimension. It’s where we send other magical beings if they’re evil. I fear it may be where your mother is.”
Esma asked, “Why do you think that is?”
“She was being hunted by the Warlock Manator. He was a very strong magic user and wanted another of our assets—an object that went by the name of ‘The Book.’
“What so special about The Book?” Queenie asked.
“It’s a how-to of magic. If you have a question about a spell or creature, The Book has the answer. I’m afraid that when your mother went missing, so did The Book. It’s useless to anyone other than a keeper. Only we can read its wisdom. Anyone else only sees blank pages.”
Queenie thought this was so unreal. Maybe her grandmother had gone senile in her old age. Her own son thought she was nutty! But if it was real, then… whoa.
Esma asked, “Can’t you summon this Rift and free my mom?”
“I’m afraid that once the magic went to your mother, mine went away. It’s literally passed on.”
“What could you do when you had magic?” Queenie asked. 
She laughed. “Other than summoning the Rift and reading The Book, I could resist magical attacks, and drain others’ magic. It was very useful in battle, but impossible to prove. My mother thought I was a dud until I met my first attacker who tried to put a spell on me.”
“And my mother?” Esma asked.
“She could leave her body in the astral form.”
“That’s like Tillie. That’s what she can do.” Queenie said. “I can read objects and know its history.”
“And people. With just one touch, she knows my entire life’s story,” Esma complained.
“Yeah, but that only happened with you. Never happened with anyone else.”
Their grandmother said, “You’re a clairvoyant. Like your great-grandmother.”
“I don’t think so. I don’t speak with the dead.”
Their grandmother sat back in her chair and laughed. Esma and Queenie looked at each other, and Esma crossed her eyes as if to say, she’s crazy. But she sure understood what they were going through. 
“I didn’t say you were a medium. A clairvoyant reads aura. Every living thing affects everything it comes in contact with and leaves its aura behind. It’s like leaving a footprint. And you can read them. It’s powerful magic. Your great-grandmother never could read actual people. I wonder if it’s because you and your sisters are of the same seed. I think you’ll find that many of the old rules will be different between you girls.”
Queenie asked, “You said that most other magical beings are evil. Why is that?”
“Magic is as much a part of you as your foot or head. People not gifted with magic must steal it, create it, or find it. 
“They steal the energy from other living beings by killing, or rather, sacrificing them. The closer the person is to the magic user, the more power they get. The greater the sacrifice, the more energy gets transferred. Magic can also be created by crafting potions, and found by discovering a magical item like a wand, staff, ring, enchanted weapons, and spell books. The easiest way to gain magic is the first way. To sacrifice the people you care about is an awful evil. The power they gain is strong, brief, and addictive. This practice takes much training, dedication, and lack of empathy.”
Esma leaned forward. “Grandmother, what about dreams? I’ve been having repetitive dreams since I turned eighteen.”
Queenie stared at Esma but remained silent. She allowed her grandmother to speak before mentioning that she too had been having dreams. 
“Dreams are a funny thing, child. Sometimes they mean nothing, and sometimes they are a communication from your subconscious. Still, other times, its beings trying to persuade you to think a certain way. A repetitive dream is your subconscious screaming at you. What was the dream?”
“There’s a room with five girls identical to me. They’re all holding hands as ghostly figures swirl around us ‘til they form a man in a cloak. Then I see his face up close, and he says—you are mine, Esma.’”
Queenie couldn’t take it any longer, “Me too! I’ve had the same dream except for the last part. He says my name.”
Esma’s eyes widened. “Really?”
“This is what I mean when I say the rules are different between you girls. In the dream, are you among the five or are you watching?”
“Watching!” The girls said together. Then Esma continued, “It’s what got me to follow my intuition. It’s how I found my sisters.”
The old woman stood up and pointed at Esma. “See, this is what I mean! Your power is only useful between your sisters. Your connection will bring you together, no matter what. You are the compass of the five, Esma.”
“But what about the fifth?” Esma asked. “I sensed her until a year ago. Do you think something happened to her?”
“I’ve no idea. I don’t think she died, though. If you’re dreaming about her, then perhaps it’s she who’s calling you.
“I wish I could tell you more. This is unfamiliar territory for me. I may not know much, but one thing I know for sure—you must find your missing sister.”
“And how do we do that?” Queenie asked.
“I am sorry, but I don’t know. Do me a favor, Queenie—touch my hand and see if you can read my past.”
“I already tried when you handed me the teacup. I saw nothing, but the teacup has one heck of a story.”
The three continued talking all night, catching up on their lives. Their grandmother asked a lot of questions and sat back to listen. It impressed Queenie with her interest in wanting to know everything about them. She never experienced this before—to be this important to someone else. Having a family would be great, except for the slight problem of being shunned by the rest of the community. 
They kept talking until daybreak. 

Twenty-five

Nuri stood by her window watching for cars in the early morning. Soon people would drive by on their way to work or maybe the beach. It seemed like a bright, beautiful day. She longed for the freedom to do such things as go to the ocean or hike in the woods. She would love to stand in a parking lot, actually, just as long as she was out of this small room.
The sound of footsteps interrupted her dreaming. She stood straight and faced the door. The footsteps came to a halt, and the door creaked open. 
“Good morning, Nuri. You’re awake early. What’s the matter? Can’t sleep?”
She looked at Vander in his cloak with the hood up. She almost laughed at how ridiculous he looked. Perhaps she would have, if she didn’t know how powerful and evil he was. “All I have to do in here is sleep. I’m surprised I haven’t gone nuts yet. You saved me from the funny farm only to drive me crazy for real in this jail cell.”
“Now, now, Nuri. It’s not all that bad. Things will get better for you real soon. You will have roommates by tomorrow. The time has come for me to begin collecting your sisters. Two have finally discovered their worth in this world.”
She made tight fists and pressed them against her sides as she lowered her head and trained her eyes on the doctor. “Leave my sisters alone!”
He grinned at her. Nuri hated this about him. He loved upsetting her. Any extreme emotion she showed always seemed to amuse him. “Worry not, my little spitfire. I will only take one of your sisters—the loose cannon. She is such an unknown that I really can’t seem to figure out how to control her. The others will come to me completely of their own accord. I only must nudge them, and they’ll come running.”
Nuri could feel her head heat and throb like she was about to explode. She tried hard to hide her anger. She knew better than to act. His magic always prevented her from harming him physically. She wished with all her might she could stop him. Kill him. If given a chance, she knew she could… and would.
“Is that all? You will only stand there like a statue? Now that’s a pity. I hoped for more, but then again, we’ve both been down that path. Perhaps you’re finally learning that there is nothing you or your sisters can do to stop me. Absolutely nothing.” He backed up and closed the door.
Nuri dropped to her knees, and tears instantly flowed. She wanted to scream, yell, and holler, but all she could do was cover her face and sob silently, as the bastard was still listening. She held her breath and shook as waves of sorrow overcame her. Then finally she sniffled. She hated herself for that.
“So disappointing,” he mumbled before the slow footsteps began walking away.

Twenty-six

Queenie and Esma arrived in Providence at midday. Neither could sleep on the train. Their minds were trying to put what their grandmother had said into perspective. They’d always known they were different, but now that they confirmed it, their spirits flew. Queenie kept thinking of how their grandmother made them promise to visit with all five sisters once they found each other.
They were so excited to get moving on their new task—to find their missing sister.
“Do you think we should tell Tillie?” Queenie asked.
“Nah, she wouldn’t be much help. We’ll include her once we find something out. Besides, she worked all night. Let her sleep.”
They planned their strategy on how to attack this challenge. They hurried to Queenie’s and showered, changed clothes, and briefly introduced Esma to Maddie—they headed to the news office of Our Valley.  
Queenie instantly realized the problem—Doe was common for unidentified victims. She scanned through articles of one dead body after the other. So many unidentified poor boys and girls found all over throughout the past half-century. She narrowed the search of females over the last ten years. 
She found Esma’s murder rap. Poor Esma. All she endured only to end up in juvie. She didn’t bother reading it as she knew the events from the source, Esma herself.
“How about searching Quintuplets?” Esma asked.
“Great idea! That had to make the news, and we know the date it would be.” She found an article from The Providence Sunday Times with the Headline—Couple Blessed Five Times. It mentioned their parents. Their mother Regina told the reporter the names she and her husband chose—Queenie, Jaele, Esma, Nuri, and Tillie.
“Nuri! That’s it! We’ve got it!” Esma exclaimed through the newsroom.
“Yeah, now we need to find where she is.” Queenie searched for any news articles with the name of Nuri and Nuri Doe. The name Nuri Vander came up in a fluff piece about an orphan who Doctor Maxwell Vander adopted.
“Bingo?” Esma asked.
“Yeah, this is definitely progress. It says here this Vander guy picked her up from a mental hospital. Now I will do a search on him.”
The search came up with very little—a driver’s license from New York, his medical certifications, and a Rhode Island marriage license from the same year he adopted Nuri. “Now this is curious.”
“Yeah, we got to find this guy.”
Queenie looked up his New York phone number and dialed it from the desk phone. A woman answered, “The Vander residence, Janice speaking.”
“Yes, may I please speak with Dr. Maxwell Vander please?”
“I’m sorry, he is out of town.”
“When might he be back?”
“It’s unknown. May I ask what this pertains to?”
“His daughter Nuri. Is his wife available?”
“No, she’s away with Doctor Vander. Who is this?”
Queenie thought for a second. “Queenie, Esma, Jaele, and Tillie O’Rinne. Nuri is our sister.”
“Then why does the caller I.D. say Our Valley News?”
“Because I, Queenie, work here. My sisters and I are trying to find Nuri. Could you tell me how I can contact her?”
“No, but I’ll take your contact information and relay a message to the Doctor personally.”
Queenie gave her cell phone number and said he can call her anytime.”
When she hung up, Esma said, “That didn’t sound too productive. What next?”
“I think we should visit the mental hospital she spent time in. Maybe we can get a clue why she was there and if she’s really our sister.”

Twenty-seven

Queenie drove, and Esma held on for dear life. “Cut it out! I’m driving slow and careful, like you told me.”
“I know. You’re doing better. I think I just have a complex about your driving now.” Esma tried to relax her muscles and not seem so stiff. “So, Maddie seems cool. Must’ve been nice growing up together,” she said for the sake of changing the subject and distracting herself from Queenie’s driving.
“It’s great for her. She does whatever she wants, and I’m expected to be there for her no matter what. That’s sort of my job—to be her everything. If she wants to jump into something, then I must follow. I can’t wait to get out of that house.”
“Come on, Queenie—it can’t be that bad. You live in a nice place with a nice family. It’s every orphan’s dream.”
“I just want an opportunity to be my own person for once.”
Esma thought for a second. “So, is it not good that you suddenly have four identical sisters?”
“No, that’s not what I mean. You don’t understand. In that house, I play second fiddle to Maddie. I know it sounds petty, but this has been my life. I can’t even have a job without her following me there and becoming a radio personality for a lot more money.”
“Um, you lost me,” Esma said.
“Doesn’t matter.” 
They arrived at the hospital and went to the main entrance. “How are we going to handle this?” Esma asked.
“Follow my lead.”
At reception, Esma took one look at the woman sitting at the desk. She had gray hair and a frown that looked like it had been there since the turn of the millennium. She knew she’d better lay back and let Queenie do the talking. Esma never considered herself to be a people person. Her biggest fear was that after her time in juvie—violence and anger would be her go-to answer when people become difficult.
The woman looked up from her desk and stared at them. Her frown turned, and joy came over her face. “Nuri! It’s so good to see you!” Her eyes then darted from girl to girl. “Nuri, you have a twin? The two of you are so much alike I can’t tell which one is which.”
Queenie smiled back. “Neither of us are Nuri. She’s our sister. We were separated when we were very young. We’re trying to connect with her. I’m Queenie and this is Esma. Is there any information you can share with us on how to contact her?”
“We thought she had no family.” She began dialing a number on the phone. She asked about Nuri’s files. A moment passed as she took the time to smile once again at Queenie. 
Esma thought Nuri must have been quite a person to have softened this one’s heart. Then again, she’s only judging her by looks. She ridiculed herself to give people a chance.
“Well, check again! I have her sisters here and they…” She listened for a minute and hung up. She sighed, “I’m sorry, but all her computer files are missing.”
Esma came to the desk. “Missing? How can that be? What kind of hospital loses a patient’s files?” She felt her insides tremble. She knew she might erupt.
Queenie stepped beside Esma and put a hand on her shoulder. “Please forgive my sister. It’s been a tough time trying to locate all of our siblings.”
The woman eyed Esma then said, “Yes, I suppose you two have been through the ringer. Let me make another call. We may not have her file, but let me see if I can get you the next best thing.”
Queenie pulled Esma away from the desk and whispered, “Catch more flies with honey, right?”
“Yeah, I’m sorry about that. Bad temper.” She lowered her head.
“I know, don’t worry about it. Just let me do the talking. Getting information is what I do.” Queenie said.
“Girls, I have some news. A counselor who worked with Nuri is coming to meet with you.”

Twenty-eight

A nice looking middle-aged African-American man walked toward them. He wore casual clothes that stuck out in a hospital full of white coats and scrubs. He smiled as he approached. “Hello, you two must be Nuri’s sisters. You’re both the spitting image of her.”
“I’m Queenie, and this is Esma.”
“Such interesting names. I’m Ron Branch. I worked with Nuri. Here, follow me. Let’s get a coffee.”
At the cafeteria, Ron talked very little about Nuri and focused on the girls. He asked what they knew about their family’s medical and mental history. Queenie felt the best answer was, “Honestly, we don’t remember our parents.” No need to complicate things with what their grandmother had said.
“All I know is that other than Nuri, none of us spent time in a mental institute.” Again, Queenie saw no need to explain Esma’s incarceration. She was glad that Esma was keeping silent as she drank her decaffeinated coffee.
After a few more questions that she didn’t know the answers to, Queenie thought enough was enough and asked, “What can you tell me about where I might find Nuri?”
“I’m sorry. Professional hazard, I suppose. I’m still trying to fill the holes in her mental history. There really isn’t much I can legally share with you other than Maxwell Vander and his wife, Celeste, adopted her. I can tell you that because the Vanders made it public knowledge when they told the news reporters. They are a big deal around here as they are benefactors of the hospital. We even named a wing in their honor.”
Esma leaned forward and asked, “Where can we find them?”
“I think they have a residence in North Smithfield, Rhode Island, if I’m not mistaken.”
“So, they're local? That’s great,” Queenie said.
“I’m not sure if they live there or not, but I remember Dr. Elwood saying something about an old mill they had bought for his automobile collection. I figure if they house their precious antique cars there, then they must live nearby.”
“If you can’t say anything about her condition, could you show us what room she was in?” 
Ron sat back in the plastic chair. “Oh, I don’t think that would be a good idea.”
Esma stood. “It’s a great idea to see how you all treated my sister. This place that can’t even keep track of records? Yeah, you’ll take us to her room right now.” 
Ron’s eyes narrowed at Esma for a second. He stood up with his coffee and said, “Look, we have very strict rules about respecting our patient’s privacy. I can’t show you her room because someone is staying there, but I can show you a common area in the wing she stayed.”
They arrived at the Vander wing of the hospital. Ron used his keycard to enter. The area had sofas and a television like any waiting area. Queenie noticed a door with a card reader. She went to it and looked through the narrow window. She saw a hallway with doors on either side. Some were open, and some were closed. She saw people lulling about the place, dressed in plain clothes.
“That’s where your sister’s room was,” Ron said.
Queenie couldn’t allow for this opportunity to slip away. “I see. Is there a bathroom I can use?” 
“Oh sure, right around the corner.”
Queenie winked at Esma as she headed for the restrooms. Esma asked, “Hey Doc, got a buck? I saw a vending machine that had a Snicker’s Bar with my name on it. What do ya say? I missed lunch.”
“Um, yeah, sure. Let me check…” Before he could pull out his wallet, Esma was already halfway down the hall. 
“C’mon, Doc, you know the way better than I do. Don’t want to get lost in a hospital. Kinda got my own fears of that.”
Ron hurried to catch up. “Yes, yes, slow down, please, and stop calling me Doc.” 
Queenie waited for Esma and Ron to get out of earshot. She then rushed back to the door where her sister’s room was and looked around for a way in. She walked away from the door and racked her brain for an idea. She saw a mop and bucket by an open door and rushed to it. A short man in custodian coveralls was in the room. Her eyes fixed on his security badge clipped to his chest pocket.
The man noticed Queenie and asked. “Need help with something?”
“Yeah, I spilled something off a cart. I guess you’re the guy to tell.”
The man huffed and rolled his eyes. “Where is it?”
She pointed in the opposite direction of the Vander wing. “Third left.”
The man came out of the room and looked. Queenie then leaned against the mop handle, and it fell over. As the man went to retrieve it, she did also, and they bumped into each other.
Queenie fell and hit his side, unclipped the badge with one hand and brushed the other across his face. She moved the badge to her back pocket and said, “I’m so sorry. Let me help…”
“No, my fault. Are you okay?”
“Yeah, I’m fine. Got to go now.” She rushed for the door she needed to get through before the custodian noticed the badge was missing. She arrived, kicked off her shoes and opened the door.
Her heart was racing as she hoped she could quickly get a read on Nuri before anyone noticed her. She clipped the badge to her shirt. Hopefully, no one would notice her bare feet.
She ambled, reading all the patients and caregivers who’ve been through these halls over the years. It was overwhelming. At first it was like trying to find a single random word in a thick book, but soon she could get an idea of time frames and the different people. 
She walked in front of the rooms until she found her. A room at the end of the hall showed in her mind’s eye a lonely and sad girl who’d lost all hope. It was Nuri, she could feel it. She entered the room.  
“You! What are you doing here?” A girl sat up in her bed.
Be nice—she thought to keep herself calm as the intensity of intruding caused her to feel the throbbing of her heartbeat in her head. “Hello, I have to ask you some questions.” She walked around the room touching the walls and desk.
“Who are you? Are you here because of the masks?” The girl pulled her legs to her chest and wrapped her arms around them.
“Why don’t you tell me about the masks?” She felt some slight readings, but nothing solid. Nuri didn’t spend much time at the desk.
“Everybody wears them. The doctors, the nurses, the aids, even you. Nobody will show their true selves.”
“But you do. I can see that.” Queenie rested her hand on the windowsill and felt a jackpot of emotions. This was the place she spent most of her time in the room. All the despair and fear she felt. The loneliness, frustration, and helplessness. She wasn’t insane. She was like the rest of us, magical.
“Yes! Yes, you get it! Everyone thinks I don’t know what I’m talking about.”
Queenie let go of the sill as her heart broke at reading Nuri’s emotional nightmare. Her eyes teared up, but she knew she needed to get out of there before it overcame her. “I have to leave. You rest now.”
“Will you come back? I don’t see many visitors. My parents only come once a week now.”
Queenie rushed to the door. “I don’t think so. I really have to go.”
“Please! You can’t just come in here and understand me, then go. We have a connection. I can teach you to see the masks. To know who’s real and who’s fake. I can even teach you how to take off your mask.” Her eyes were wide and glossy as her voice broke.
“Okay, I’ll come back. I will.” She went to her bed and hugged her. “I promise. What’s your name?”
“April Buke. What’s yours?”
“Queenie.”

Twenty-nine

Jaele sat on her bed and looked out as the streetlights lit the neighborhood. It was getting late, but she couldn’t sleep. So much was running through her head. The impact of everything that had transpired over the past couple of days had all hit her today. Her life was a lie. Her parents and relatives weren’t her blood family. Maybe that wouldn’t matter so much if she hadn’t also discovered she had sisters. 
Her parents spent some time explaining to her she was their daughter, and this was her home. Exactly the way she always knew it to be. They told her to forget about her biological sisters and concentrate on the people who have always been there. Focus on college and her future.
Forget about her sisters? Was that possible? That missing feeling in her heart seemed filled when they came. But they also said they had powers, or magic… That was out there. Who talked like that? Maybe my parents were right about—
The doorbell interrupted her thought. She looked at her cell phone, which showed the time was eleven forty-two. Who could be at the door this late? She heard the front door open, and her father began yelling.
“What the hell?”
All Jaele could assume was that perhaps her odd sisters had returned. They didn’t seem to be the type to live by social norms such as the proper time of day to visit people. She went into the hallway and found, to her surprise, that she was rushing a bit and was in high spirits to see them once again. She would be more welcoming than before. There was so much she wanted to know about her past now that she knew it differed from what she’d thought was true.
Her feet hopped down the stairs, skipping every other one. She rounded the spiral staircase, and the back of her father came into view. She tried to stop in mid-air at the scary and ferocious figure before him. She slipped down a few steps and fell back. It was a large… something in a massive dark cloak accompanied by two other men dressed in black, like soldiers or SWAT team members. They had rifles. 
She scurried backward to get out of view, but the black-cloaked man had to have seen her. The hood turned up as she scrambled to get out of sight. Once behind the wall, Jaele pressed herself against it and froze. She shut her eyes and held her breath. Was this death coming to claim a soul? All she could hope for was that it wasn’t hers. 
Then a scream tore through the silence. It felt like an icy blade ran down her spine. Soft, high-pitched whistles rang through the house. Then all was quiet.
Still frozen and hoping they would go away—one loud set of footsteps slowly walked. They were coming closer to the stairs. 
Jaele ducked her head. 
A familiar crackle sounded as weight pressed onto the first stair. It made her realize that she was next. They were coming up to kill her. Stomach acid churned in her gut as the rancid taste of horror burned the back of her throat. 
A hand on her shoulder caused her to flail and jump back. She yelped as the person behind wrapped their arms around her and dragged her up the stairs. She kicked and thrashed to free herself from certain doom.
“Stop it!” whispered a familiar voice. “You got to get out of here!”
She saw the brown skin of his hands and knew it was her best friend, Bryon.
She got up, and they rushed to her bedroom. Bryon ran to the opened window. “C’mon, you need to get out now!” he whispered loudly. 
She knew Bryon had taken this path many times growing up. He used to visit her at night all the time in middle school. If she didn’t want to be alone, all she needed to do was send a text, and he was there. Good ‘ol Bryon.
“You go first,” she said. “Show me the way. And in case I slip.”
“Fine, but be right on my six.” 
He went out onto the roof of the front porch and waited with a hand held out for Jaele. “C’mon.”
She put a leg out the window and sat there for a second contemplating the fall versus the murderers inside. Then a deep voice came from the hallway she recognized from her nightmares. “You are mine, Jaele!”
She pivoted the other leg out onto the roof and grabbed Bryon’s hand. They went to the side gutter and Bryon lowered himself. “You got to swing your feet onto the porch railing.”
She hurried and went over the side. Her hands held onto the bending aluminum gutter as she moved her feet around to find the rail.
Bryon grabbed her legs. “I got you. Let go.”
She listened, knowing Bryon would never let her fall. 
“Let’s go!” He held her hand as they ran to the street.
“Shouldn’t we hide or something? They’ll see us!” She noticed a limousine parked in front of her home. Now, that’s blatant. She looked to study the license plate. Her heart jumped into her throat as she read—JAELE.
“We’re going to my house. I already called 911. Cops are on the way.”
Before she went through the front door of Bryon’s house, she looked back. The hair on the back of her neck stood straight up upon looking at the hooded dark figure’s silhouette on the porch of her home before Bryon yanked her through the doorway.

Thirty

It was a dead night at The Darkness. Tillie collected her few tips before heading home early. She was ready to storm out when her friend Bae said, “If you want to wait around, I’ll give you a ride.”
“No way! If the boss wants me off the clock early, then I ain’t sticking around. I’ll end up working for free. I’ll just walk.” Tillie left by the back door into the stuffy summer air. The boss never let her out early. Not even on a slow night. She usually did the lion’s share of the clean-up.
“Whatever, I’ll get some extra sleep,” she mumbled to herself in the bare alleyway. It was a little past midnight, and the group home was less than a mile. The problem was the catcalls and overly friendly male motorists as she walked the distance. Her path went through some busier streets of town, especially during this time of night. 
It also didn’t help that she dressed in a goth cocktail waitress outfit with platform shoes, short skirt, and fishnet stockings, not to mention all the thick makeup. 
She walked as fast as she could in those clunky shoes that added another four inches to her height. She felt like a towering giant. 
I got to keep a change of clothes at the club. A car’s horn beeped in approval of what the driver saw as it slowed down beside her. She flipped her middle finger. He yelled a profanity as he screeched his tires and sped away.
The encounter caused her heart to race. It woke her from the deep thought of her uncomfortable shoes and caused her to pay closer attention to the task at hand—to get home safely. 
She was pleased to see that her home was coming up. She only needed to cross over the bridge. The sound of flowing water and a cool breeze from the river below made her stop for a second. It felt nice in the hot steamy night.
She smelled the sweet air and looked over the edge of the bridge into the blackness. The rushing water was only twenty feet below, but you wouldn’t know that by how dark it was. She pulled out a cigarette and lighter from her pocketbook. She lit it and sucked in the thick smoke to fill her lungs. “Ah, that’s better.” 
She thought about her sisters, and how strange the last few days had been. I wonder if Queenie and Esma found out anything more? Maybe I’ll call them tomorrow.
It was such a new thing to her—having people in her life, that is. People that wanted nothing from her other than herself. 
Her mind went to Jaele. She wanted nothing to do with them. She thought she couldn’t blame her. The house and family she had was amazing. Who’d want some poor long-lost siblings coming to screw it all up for her? Jaele had made it, and Tillie felt that she should be happy for her.
Well, better get home to Fishy and change his water. She pivoted on her enormous heels as a van came to a tire-squealing stop in front of her.
Tillie fumbled backward as the side door opened and two men dressed in black jumped out. She fell back against the rail of the bridge and grabbed for it. She gasped as one thought ran through her head, This is it. This is how I die!
The two men grabbed each of her arms, and she yelled, “Oh yeah?” A hard stomp on one guy’s foot with her heavy heel. She yanked that arm free as he grunted in pain.
The other man responded by wrapping both arms around her, lifting, and throwing her into the van. As soon as he released her, she tried to jump out when a hand grabbed the back of her neck and held her in place.
“You are mine, Tillie!”

Thirty-one

“Let’s go freshie! Keep your derby stance! Stop leaning forward!” Vee yelled as Esma was practicing hug-drills, which is an exercise in skating in a pack, and she kept losing concentration. Maybe it was because of all that’s transpired over the last few days, or maybe it’s because she knows Queenie is watching in the stands.
Esma didn’t want her to come, but she insisted. Esma felt she couldn’t refuse her as she was her ride. She warned it would be boring as they were just going to be doing drills, but she still wanted to come.
She kept with the pack as she was doing what’s called sticky skating. That’s skating without lifting the wheels off the ground, so you don’t trip another skater or yourself. She knew she was screwing up. These were the basics from level one. 
Then the worst thing happened. Tillie’s marker in her mind disappeared. She stumbled and fell on her knees. 
She got up and raced to the sideline.
Vee asked, “You all right, Fresh-meat? It’s not like you to not get back in the pack.”
“It’s an emergency. I got to go.”
Esma rushed to the locker room, took off her gear, threw on her clothes, and ran to find Queenie. She was waiting outside the locker room.
“Esma, what’s wrong?”
“Tillie, I can’t sense her anymore!”

Thirty-two

For the first time as a passenger in Queenie’s car, Esma gave the command, “Go faster!”
Queenie asked Esma how her power worked. She told her it was like in a first-person shooter video game, where there’s an arrow over the other player’s location. “It’s kind of like that. As you get closer, the arrow gets bigger, and the farther you get, the smaller the arrow gets—but for me, the arrow is a feeling. 
“Like last year, I think it was Jaele who took a trip down the east coast. Probably to Florida. Her arrow was tiny, but I could still feel it.”
Queenie didn’t understand, as the only video games she’d ever played were bowling and archery, and not very much. “How do you know it was Tillie who disappeared?”
“First, I have an idea of where she lives. Second, when I met her, you, and Jaele, I inadvertently colorized the arrow feelings. Didn’t even realize I did it. You are blue, Tillie is red, and Jaele is green. Before we met, you were all near-transparent beige. Just enough color to notice them. Now the colors are bold and very apparent in my mind.” 
Queenie took a hard left, making Esma lift her hip off the seat a bit. Queenie became even more concerned by Esma’s lack of complaining. She must be seriously freaking out if she’s not commenting on my driving. She hit the accelerator as she wanted to get to Tillie’s home as fast as she could.
It was past midnight, and the roads were relatively clear, but Queenie still watched for the police and as she realized her speed—she slowed a bit.
“Come on, girl! Move it!”
“Calm down. I don’t want to get a ticket. Besides, we’re almost there.”
A few minutes passed and Queenie stopped in front of Tillie’s group home. Before she could put the car into park, Esma jumped out and ran for the front door.
By the time Queenie caught up, Esma had already rung the bell and was banging on the large solid wood door. An old woman’s voice came through the voice box above the doorbell. “Please go away, or I’ll call the police.”
Esma answered, “We’re here about Tillie! It’s an emergency!”
“She’s still at work. Won’t be back for a few hours.”
Rushing back to the car, Queenie asked her phone for directions to The Darkness. The navigation system answered with the first set of directions. Queenie drove over the bridge toward the club.
When they got there, they tried to enter through the front door. A large bouncer asked for the ten-dollar cover charge. “We’re not here for the club. We need to see Tillie!” Esma said.
“She left more than an hour ago. Place is dead tonight. No pun intended. It’s strange they let her go. It’s usually one of the lazy waitresses. Baby Bat does most of the clean-up and set-up for the next night.” He squinted at their faces and said, “You two look like her.”
“Yeah, we get that a lot. Baby Bat?”
“That’s been her nickname since she worked here. She was under eighteen when she started, and that’s what you call a goth that’s underage. Name stuck, even though she’s eighteen now.” 
Esma turned and headed down the sidewalk.
Queenie said, “What are you doing?”
“She had to go this way. I’m retracing her steps.”
“I’ll do that. Maybe I can read her aura from the sidewalk. You follow me in the car.” Queenie took off her shoes so she could use her ability.
“I don’t have a license.”
Queenie fished through her pocketbook and pulled out a long wallet with a license displayed behind clear plastic. “Here. Anyone pulls you over, you’re me.”
An hour passed and Queenie couldn’t get a specific read as she walked, trying to avoid spit and cigarette butts. The bridge came up, and she got that jittery feeling again. Like they never would know what happened to her. What she was doing was a long shot, anyway. Tillie could have walked on the other side of the street. Maybe I’ll walk back on that side once we get to the home.
“Hey, she’s probably at home sleeping, and that old bag didn’t see her come in!” Esma drove beside her to talk.
“Yeah, I hope so. But that doesn’t explain why you can’t sense her.” Queenie walked onto the bridge as headlights shined on a black platform shoe on the side of the road. “Wait! Look!”
Esma stopped the car and ran out with the headlights shining forward. “What is it? Can you read her?”
“No, but that looks like a goth-ish shoe.”
“And there’s another on the sidewalk.” Esma walked to the side and looked over the bridge. “Do you think…?”
“No. See those tire tracks? Someone skidded or peeled out right where she lost her shoes.”
“I know they’re goth looking, but how do we know for certain they’re Tillie’s?”
Queenie picked up one and said, “Totally Tillie’s. She was scared and pissed when she kicked them off.”
“So now what?”
“We call the police.”

Thirty-three

The police had been inside the house for a long time. Jaele watched her home become a taped-off crime scene. It reminded her of the police dramas her parents loved to watch. It made the scene and everything else going on seem unreal. Like she was part of a television show, and she was waiting for the stars to arrive and start canvassing the neighborhood.
Bryon put his arm around her shoulders, most probably for lack of knowing what he should say. Jaele felt numb as she said, “The ambulance hasn’t arrived yet. Have they even called one? It’s a small town. Shouldn’t take this long for an ambulance to get here.”
Bryon tightened his grip on her while remaining silent. Jaele felt a sick feeling as two police officers had come from the house and walked straight to her. 
Bryon’s parents came out onto the porch as the police walked up and the older of the two stood in front of Jaele. “Ms. Cray, could we go inside?”
“You haven’t called an ambulance. Does that mean my mom and dad don’t need one? I thought I heard gunshots. I think that’s what they were, anyway. They were muffled, like with a silencer.”
“Your name is Jaele? We’re sorry to inform you that your parents suffered fatal wounds…”
The officer continued talking, but it was all background noise. Bryon’s parents started hugging her, and she felt them guiding her into their home with the police. Jaele tried to concentrate on anything, but it was useless. She was shutting down. Her sight went, then her knees buckled, and she passed out.
She awoke in a dark room on a bed that wasn’t hers. “What the hell? Where am I?” She carefully got off the bed and searched the walls for a light switch. Her leg hit something, and the silence broke with the sound of shattering glass.
Footsteps rushing sounded as she backed away from whatever she had knocked over. A door flew open, and the light turned on, momentarily blinding her.
“Jaele? Are you okay?” It was Bryon. 
Her eyes focused and recognized his room. It all rushed back to her of why she was there. She dropped to her knees and felt a tidal wave of emotions overtake her. She covered her face and screamed as loud as she could. The hands on her face formed into fists and she slammed them onto her head. She pulled her fists away, then hit herself again. Then again and again, harder with each bout.
“No, stop that!” Byron knelt in front of her and grabbed her hands. “Please, don’t hurt yourself!”
His parents and the police rushed into the room and encircled her. Bryon’s mother got on the floor and wrapped her arms around her from behind.
All Jaele thought about was all the trouble she gave her parents when she found out they had adopted her. Why did I do that? Why did I care so much?

Thirty-four

“Tillie? Tillie, can you hear me?”
Tillie opened her eyes to face that familiar voice. Was it Queenie or Esma? Couldn’t be Jaele. She focused on the source of the annoying sound of her name. The girl looked like all of her sisters, just paler. She marveled at her beautiful, colorless complexion. If only she could do her makeup like that. “Who are you?” 
“I’m Nuri.”
“How do you know me?”
Nuri smiled. “I’ve known you for two years. You, Queenie, Esma, and Jaele. I’ve known your thoughts for that long. I thought I was going crazy for a while. So did the rest of the world.”
Tillie noticed she was lying on the lower bunk of a bunk bed. She sat up. “What happened? Last I remember, three thugs grabbed me off the street and threw me in a van.”
Nuri’s expression became somber. “I’m sorry that happened to you. I’ve been a prisoner in this room for a year now. I don’t know what they have in store for us. Vander keeps saying we will all be his soon enough.”
Tillie looked around the room and saw another bunk bed and a single bed. She leaped up. “Oh, hell no!” She grabbed her head as the pain felt like it had split open. She fell back onto the bed.
“Don’t jump up like that. They must have whacked your head when they got you.”
“Really? Here I was thinking you force-fed me ice cream before I woke up and this is a brain freeze.”
Nuri laughed. “Ah, classic Tillie. I know you try to be a wise-ass, but I think you’re the funniest.”
Tillie’s headache lessened as she felt her face get hot. “What the hell are you talking about? I don’t know you! Sure, you look like me, and yeah, I know the other sisters, but we’ve never met!”
Nuri looked away for a moment. “I have this thing where I hear you in my head. That’s how I know you. I know about how you wanted to get a job at The Darkness and how you’re a fan of Cilla Blacksoul. I also know about your thing—the out-of-body thing.”
“Huh.” Tillie took in a deep breath, held it for a second, and then let it out. She studied her sister. The face void of color wasn’t an amazing makeup job—it was because she hasn’t been in the sun or maybe even properly nourished for a long time. Her clothes stood in sharp contrast to her face—she wore a purple shirt with new looking jeans. “You know, I got that job at the club. That’s why I’m dressed like this.”
“Yeah, my gift hasn’t worked since they brought me here.” 
“Why’s that?”
Footsteps sounded outside the room. Nuri jumped up and faced the door. “You lie down. Pretend you’re asleep. I’ll cover for you,” she whispered.
Tillie stood up, slower this time, ignoring her sister’s request. “I don’t think so. These animals have some serious explaining to do.”
Nuri shot her a wide-eyed look.
The door opened, and an old man in a cloak and hood entered alone. “Miss Tillie, it’s so nice to finally meet you. Allow me to first apologize for the rough treatment. I’m glad to see you on your feet.”
“Who are you and why did you abduct me?”
He raised his arms and pulled back his hood. Tillie studied his face. “You, I know you from somewhere.”
His smile made Tillie’s blood heat. “I doubt that, unless you awoke in the back of that van. My name is Dr. Maxwell Vander, and you, along with your sisters, will partner with me to bring back a most powerful being.” 
“What the hell are you talking about? You leave me and my sisters out of your craziness.” Her heart raced. “Let me and Nuri out of here or you’ll… you’ll… I’m gonna…”
Vander seemed amused as he watched Tillie stumble over her words. “You can’t finish, because you have no one. It will relieve the group home you live in to see that you won’t return. No one else will care. I only had to pay your manager one hundred dollars to let you off early. I felt he would have let you go for half that. You really ought to be happy that someone like me sees you as an important asset. You and your sisters.”
Tillie lowered her head and raised her eyes up to him in an angry glare. “You leave my sisters out of this.”
Nuri put a hand on Tillie’s shoulder. “There’s nothing you can do. Believe me—I’ve tried.”
“Listen to your sister. It should please you to hear I’m bringing you all together. If you play your cards right, you will have a position of authority in the new world which my master and I will build.”
Tillie’s blood was now boiling. She felt she had to do something. The door was open, and all she needed was to get past this nutty old man. “Screw you and your new world!” She shut her eyes and made a run at him. She felt a slam on her back, and when her eyes opened, she was up against the wall opposite Vander. Her feet dangling off the floor.
The hit knocked the air out of her, and she gasped frantically to breathe. All she could think of was getting air in her lungs.
Vander no longer seemed amused. He walked up to Tillie and produced a large ancient looking leather-bound book. He opened it, held it up to her, and said, “Read.”
Tillie saw nothing but two old blank pages. She struggled to get the words out. “It’s nothing.”
He closed the book and pivoted on his heels. “Nuri, I hope you will talk some sense into this one. She’ll only hurt herself more if she continues down this path.” He turned and walked out of the room. 
The door slammed, his hold on Tillie released, and she slid down the wall. She fell to the floor, sucked in air, and held her aching head. 
“Tillie?” Nuri ran to her side.
Tillie’s voice strained after her rapid breathing slowed. “It turns out that when you have a head injury, getting thrown against a wall only makes it worse.”
Nuri sat beside Tillie. “The bastard’s right though. He sealed this place. Like, through his power he made the door, walls, and windows impenetrable. I couldn’t even carve my name on the wall with a steak knife.”
Tillie sat up slowly. Her bloodshot eyes squinted to focus on Nuri. “I hope they give me a steak knife. I’ll run it through his heart.”
“I’ve tried that too. As you just experienced—he can use his power to protect himself.” Nuri then asked, “What did you mean when you said you recognized him?”
Tillie said, “It’s nothing. A stupid dream I’ve been having for a while. He looked like a guy in it that wore a cloak like his.” She thought for a minute. “Hey, he said the same thing to me as the guy in the dream—you are mine, Tillie. Says it every time.”
Nuri cocked her head. “Is it a dream about us five holding hands?”
“Yeah, it is. Haven’t connected the dots ‘til now. You’ve had the same dream?”
“Yeah, only in mine he says, I will have them all. I wonder if all of our sisters have that same dream. If he’s giving it to us to show his power or something.”
Tillie leaned against the wall. “No, I don’t think so. He seemed dismissive when I said I saw him before. I’m sure if it was him, he’d boast about it.”
“I wonder if it’s a power the five of us share. To see the future.”
“That would be cool. What’s with that old book? He forced it in my face and it was blank.”
Nuri huffed, “Yeah, he’s obsessed with that thing. He’s made me stare at it for hours. It’s a blank book. I don’t know what he expects us to see.”

Thirty-five

The sun was coming up as Esma sped down the road in Queenie’s car on their way to Jaele’s. Queenie pressed her back against the seat. “Slow down! I only have liability insurance.”
Esma laughed. “How does it feel? And the way you drive, you should have full freaking coverage.”
Both had the jitters from all the coffee and energy drinks they had at the police station. They were there for what seemed like hours, waiting for a detective to come and make a report.
A siren sounded, and Queenie’s gut felt like it did a backflip. “Oh man, remember you’re me.”
Esma pulled the car to the side of the road and took out Queenie’s driver’s license.
The police officer came up to Esma and asked, “Are you in a hurry?”
Esma turned to face him, and the officer smiled. “You’re that girl whose name starts with E… The one who doesn’t have a license and who never called me.”
“No, sir. That’s not me.” She quickly handed over the driver’s license. “I’m Queenie Breen. You’re talking about Esma Doe. She’s sitting next to me.” She pointed with her thumb.
“Oh wow. You guys are exact duplicates.”
Queenie leaned over, and her nerves turned from shaky scared to shaky insecure at the sight of a young and attractive policeman. “Hi.”
“No wonder you insisted on me giving you my number, and not the other way around. You were never going to call, were you? You should have just said so. I’m a big boy. I can take it.” 
Esma smiled at Queenie. “Oh, you must be Kurt. Esma has been going crazy looking for that number. She really wanted to call you.”
Kurt smiled. “Oh, sorry Esma. I shouldn’t have assumed the worst.”
Queenie took out a piece of paper from the glove compartment. “Do you have a pen?”
“Just the one I was going to write Queenie a ticket with.” He walked around the car and wrote his number on a paper and gave it to Queenie. She took it with the pen and wrote her cell number and address. She then held the paper and said, “I’ll give this to you if you let my crazy-driving sister off the hook. She will be more careful.”
He took the paper and said, “You moved?”
“Yeah, it’s how I lost your number.”
“Cool, is Saturday good for you?”
“It is.”
They exchanged smiles, and Kurt leaned down to talk to the driver. “Now you slow down. Nothing is that important to get in an accident over.”
“Yes, sir.”
After Kurt returned to his car, Esma slowly drove away. “That was a nice touch—giving him a fake number and address.”
Queenie smiled. “Nope.”
“Nope, what?”
“Nope, I gave him my number and my address. Hope you don’t mind.”
“Squeaky clean law enforcement dudes ain’t my type.”
“Cool.”
“I just hope you don’t mind being Esma Doe.”
Queenie sank back in her seat. “Yeah, that might be a problem.”

Thirty-six

Esma slowed the car as she neared Jaele’s house. Queenie was daydreaming about how to explain to Kurt who she really was. 
Esma yelled, “Hey!” as her sister jumped back into the present.
“Look! What do you think happened here?” Esma asked.
Queenie saw the crime scene tape, police cars, and a van in front of the house. Combined with Tillie’s abduction, she was afraid to find out.
“Something else is different,” Esma said. “She’s not in the house. At least, my sense tells me different. She’s in that house over there.” 
“Then we should go there.” Queenie waited for Esma to park, then quickly exited the car and ran up the walkway to the front door. She felt as though she couldn’t get there fast enough to satisfy her need to see her sister safe. Whatever’s happening—please let Jaele be okay. I don’t think I can handle losing her too.
She banged on the door. As early as it was, she didn’t expect someone to come so fast at five in the morning. A woman stood before them. Her eyes looked about as tired as Queenie should feel.
“Jaele, what are you doing outside? Come on in.”
Esma came up onto the front porch, and the woman seemed shocked when she saw her. Queenie hurried to explain. “We are Jaele’s biological sisters. Is she all right?”
The woman looked confused. “Sisters? Jaele has sisters? I had no idea she was…”
“Adopted. Shocker, right? Where is she?” Esma plowed into the home. 
“Sorry, but we’re very concerned.” Queenie tried to explain Esma’s rash behavior.
“Yes, yes, please come in. Jaele is fine. She’s just in shock. Understandably. Who told you about it? Did the police call you?”
“No, we just came to see her and saw the cops and tape.” Queenie thought for a second. “The cops told us she was here.”
Queenie came inside and saw Esma bounding up the stairs. The woman shook her head. “I hope your sister doesn’t disturb her if she’s asleep.”
A young man got up from a chair at the dinner table. His eyes popped as he looked at Queenie. She quickly said, “Jaele’s my sister.”
“Impossible. She would have told me she had a sister. It’s crazy how alike you look.”
“Yeah, it’s new for all of us.” Queenie was glad they weren’t asking why they were coming over to visit at five in the morning. “What exactly happened? The police didn’t say. Did someone try to hurt Jaele?”
The young man said, “Oh my God, you mean you don’t know? It was a home invasion. Her parents were murdered. She barely escaped with her life.”
Queenie collapsed onto a kitchen chair. “No.” Her eyes teared—not for Jaele’s parents, despite how awful that was—but for Tillie. Was she alive? There had to be a connection. No sooner do we all meet than bad things happen to us. Our grandmother said magical people attacked our mother… Did we unlock some mystical crap by coming together? Are we now being picked off one at a time?
“Excuse me, but I’d like to see my sister now.” Queenie got up and slowly climbed the stairs. She felt heavier, as if a massive weight now rested on her and her sisters’ shoulders.

Thirty-seven

Jaele lay on her side with her knees drawn up to her chest and her arms wrapped around them. She heard a commotion downstairs and hoped whatever trouble it was would stay down there. She wasn’t ready to deal with any nonsense.
She heard someone running up the staircase. It better not be more people telling me to go to the hospital. I just need to be alone.
Whoever came up the stairs sounded like they were zigzagging in the hallway, going from room to room. Jaele sat up, waiting for this idiot to find her door. She wiped her face and pushed her hair back behind her shoulders. She then tensed as she had a horrible thought—what if it’s the man in the cloak coming to finish the job? 
The door swung open and there stood one of her sisters. “Jaele, thank God you’re okay.”
Jaele let out a breath of relief. Then, at the sight of her sister, she started crying.  “I’m sorry, but I can’t remember your name,” she said between sobs.
“I’m Esma.” She came to her side. “I’m sorry, but I had to see if you’re all right. I don’t even know what happened.”
“My parents were murdered.”
“Oh my God. I’m so sorry.”
Another of her sisters came into the room. This one had to be Queenie. Jaele remembered that name. It was odd, but easy.
Queenie rushed to the bedside and hugged Jaele. “I’m sorry.”
After some time passed and Jaele composed herself, she asked, “Why are you here?”
Queenie answered, “They abducted Tillie last night. We came to check on you. I guess we’re too late.”
Jaele sat up straight. “They took Tillie?”
Esma said, “Yeah, me and Queenie filed a report.”
Jaele pushed aside her misery and replaced it with worry for Tillie. For once in her life, she had forsaken her emotions for someone else. “What are we going to do about it?”
“Me and Queenie will try to find Nuri, our fifth sister.”
“Wow, we’re quintuplets? That’s so… I don’t know.”
“Yeah, I get that,” Queenie said. “But before we go, are you up for hearing about our parents?”
The mention of the word sent Jaele back into that horrible dark place again. Her adopted parents were the only family she’d ever known until now. “Yeah, I am. Please take my mind off what’s happened.”
Queenie explained about their trip to New York and meeting their grandmother. She explained all the information they had learned about Nuri and Dr. Vander. After about an hour, Queenie finished.
“So, you guys have actual magic powers?” Jaele asked.
“Yup, and you do too. You just haven’t found out what it is yet,” Esma said.
Jaele thought for a second. “Maybe I can see the future. The man in my house wore a cloak like a dream I had. In it, five girls looked exactly like me. I dreamt that before we met.”
The other two looked at each other, and Esma said, “I had a dream just like that.”
Queenie said, “So have I. The man says, you are mine, Queenie.”
“He says that too in my dream, except with my name.”
“Ditto,” Esma said.
Jaele asked for the address they planned on visiting. She said she’ll call the police if they don’t come back.
Queenie said, “Not sure exactly where we’re going yet, but we’ll call you when we know.” She hugged Jaele.
Esma said, “Sorry about everything.”
They both went to leave when Bryon’s mother came in. “Jaele, your aunt and uncle are here. They say you’ll be staying with them.”
Jaele felt as if those words alone punched her in the gut. “Oh, that’s just perfect.”

Thirty-eight

“Where are you going?” Esma asked. 
“I’m heading to my house. There are a few things I think we should look up. I have a hunch about this Vander guy.”
It was slightly after seven in the morning by the time they got to Queenie’s home. Queenie’s father was in the kitchen and didn’t look happy to see them.
“Where the hell were you last night?”
“Morning Dad, we had an emergency. Sorry I didn’t call. Things have been going so fast that I lost track of time.”
His gaze bounced between Esma and Queenie. “I’m glad you’re safe. Your mother and I were worried. I know you’re eighteen, but you still need to call if you’re not going to make it home.”
“Sorry, Dad.” She walked to her room with Esma and grabbed her laptop. 
A stir in a bed caught Esma’s attention. “Um, I think Maddie’s here.”
“Of course she is. Has to have her beauty sleep.” Queenie grabbed her laptop.
Maddie’s head popped out of the covers. “Queenie, what are you doing?”
“Go back to sleep. We’re leaving.”
They left and went into the great room. Queenie sat on the sectional sofa and turned on the laptop. She searched for Maxwell Vander.
Esma walked around the room, checking out the knickknacks and photos placed about. “That was easy—I mean, with your father. At first, I figured he would chew your head off, but then he dropped the whole not-coming-home thing.”
Queenie tapped away on the keyboard. “Yeah, they say the right things to play the part, but in the end, I’m not theirs, and they don’t have that deep, caring bond that they have with their son and daughter.”
“That sucks. I’m looking at the photos, and the only ones with you in them are with the entire family or with Maddie. It’s so blatantly obvious.” 
“It’s fine, I’m used to it. Makes me realize that I need to get outta here and live my life.”
“Seems like the situation with all of us. I’m out of juvie and trying to get on my feet. Tillie needs to find her own place and leave that group home. Poor Jaele just lost her family in one swoop. Nuri, if she’s still around, will need a place. We’re all looking for the same thing.”
Queenie leaned forward. “Esma, you got to hear this. Says here that Vander inherited most of his wealth from a Raymond Manator.”
Esma shrugged her shoulders. “So.”
“Remember our grandmother’s story about how our mother died? By battling the warlock Manator!” Queenie continued reading while her hands shook with excitement.
Esma went behind Queenie and studied the screen. “So, we’re going after the same people who killed our mom and most probably our dad. Are you thinking what I’m thinking?”
“Yeah, call the police.”
“No. It’s payback time.” 

Thirty-nine

“Tillie?” Nuri spoke softly.
There was no answer again. Tillie had claimed the top of one bunk and had been up there for a long while. Nuri didn’t know much about first-aid, but she had learned somewhere that you shouldn’t sleep with a head injury.
“Tillie.” Still nothing. She left her spot at the window and went to the side of the bed. “Tillie!” She watched as her chest went up and down slowly with every breath.
Well, she’s alive, but not responding to a shout. Either she’s dead asleep, or there’s something wrong.
Nuri went to the thin string that hug through a pinhole in the ceiling by the door. She had never used it. It was to be pulled in an emergency. She didn’t understand what kind of emergency could arise while being alone in a room, but with Tillie here and injured, she supposed this qualified as one.
She tugged at the string. It didn’t make a sound. Did I do it right? Another pull, and nothing. How many ways are there to yank on a freaking string? This time she pulled it as hard as she could, and the string snapped off.
“Well, that’s just perfect.”
A loud yell came from Tillie as she sat straight up in her bed.
The scream cut through Nuri like an icy blade. She rushed to her bedside. “Tillie?”
Tillie rolled her eyes. “Yeah, yeah, I’m just peachy.”
“I was worried. I thought you were in a coma or something.”
“Nah, I was trying to go into my out-of-body state. Usually, I can do it without having to concentrate at all, but here it won’t work.”
“Like I said, the room is magically sealed, or however you want to put it.”
The clicking of high heels sounded outside their door. Nuri sighed. Why does it have to be her?
“Who’s coming?” Tillie asked.
“You’re about to meet Mrs. Vander. She’s not nearly as fun as the husband.”
The door opened, and a thin, short woman in her forties stood there, wearing black dress pants and a white blouse. Her hair and eyes were both black. Her skin was ivory pale. She spoke in a high-pitched, forced soft tone. “Is everything all right? You pulled the alarm cord.”
“False alarm. No trouble here,” Nuri said.
She entered the room and picked up the string from the floor. “Oh no, you seem to have broken it. Now we’re going to have to fix it. Especially with more of your sisters on the way.”
Tillie leaped from her bunk. “You will let your crazy husband kidnap our sisters?”
“Oh no, not at all. You, Tillie, were the only one we had to do that for. The rest of your sisters will come on their own. They’ll come looking for you.”
The muscles in Nuri’s back tightened from the threat on the rest of her sisters. She turned to Tillie and saw a scowl on her face as she shifted her feet. Nuri hoped she wouldn’t try to do what she did with Vander.
Tillie glanced at Nuri that seemed like she was signaling for her to make a move. Nuri tried to warn her with a slow shake of her head. 
Mrs. Vander smiled. 
This is gonna hurt.
Tillie bolted to the left side of Mrs. Vander, and Nuri went to the right. Just as Nuri predicted, Vander shot a sidekick right to Nuri’s gut, and stopped Tillie with a neck grab. 
Nuri dropped to the floor and gasped desperately for air as she wrapped her arms around herself. Mrs. Vander swiftly pushed Tillie backward with a hand still on her neck and slammed her into the wall Dr. Vander had thrown her against earlier.
Mrs. Vander put her lips to her ear and said, “Do as you’re told or die. Those are the only choices you have from now on. My husband is more forgiving than I, so watch yourself.”
She released Tillie, who dropped coughing and choking for air. Nuri raised herself up on her knees as Mrs. Vander walked toward her. She gave Nuri a half-smile, then kicked her in the face. “You should know better. Tell your other sisters not to try anything, or I will make an example of one of you.”
She walked to the doorway. Before leaving, she looked at the girls on the floor, and Nuri was sure she seemed pleased.

Forty

Esma leaned against the car door as Queenie made a tight right turn into a wealthy neighborhood. Esma complained, “Where are we going now?”
“To see Albert Johnson. Lawyer of Manator and the executor of his will, which assigned all he had to Vander.”
“What for? You found three Rhode Island addresses for him and that he had or has Nuri and probably has Tillie. We’re wasting time.”
Queenie turned the car into a long driveway. “Just let me do the talking. He may know something that will help us. If Vander is rounding us up, then we should have as much info on the guy as possible, and Johnson may know exactly where he may be.” 
The car stopped in front of a three-car garage. They both got out, and Esma said, “Whatever. Make it fast. Who knows what that guy is doing to Tillie?”
They walked to the front door, and Queenie rang the doorbell. They waited for a few seconds when Esma reached to press the doorbell again. She stopped when she heard movement inside. Several seconds later, the door opened.
An old man in matching sweatpants and sweatshirt said, “Yes?”
Queenie answered, “Hello, I’d like to know if you’re Albert Johnson.”
“Who wants to know?”
“We do,” Esma answered. “What do you know about Manator and Vander? It’s an emergency, so if you know anything…”
“What my sister is trying to say is we’re interested in speaking with Dr. Maxwell Vander. We would appreciate any information on where he might be.”
The old man said, “I have nothing to say on the matter. Please get off my property.”
The large hardwood door slowly closed when Esma stuck her foot in its path. It jammed on her sneaker, and she smiled as pain ripped through her foot. 
Mr. Johnson gave her a worried glance before saying, “Fine, I’m calling the police.” He turned and walked back into the house.
“What are you doing?” Queenie asked.
Esma stopped herself from barging through the doorway as she clenched her teeth. It would be so easy to grab this old guy and shake the information we need from his stubborn brain. But I won’t. I can't. Something like this is what could put me in prison.
She yanked her pinned foot out from under the door and backed away as it throbbed. Good, let that pain remind me of how not to act.
Queenie spoke through the half-open door. “Mr. Johnson, sir? Please listen to me first. Excuse my sister, but we’re desperate to find our sisters. We believe Dr. Vander has them. I know it sounds odd, but…”
“Fine!” Mr. Johnson returned and opened the door the rest of the way. He huffed and said, “All right, you have five minutes to convince me that…” He squinted his eyes and then turned and walked away.
Queenie and Esma locked eyes. Esma shrugged and asked, “What now? Should we follow?”
No sooner does she ask when Mr. Johnson returned wearing a pair of glasses and looked back and forth from girl to girl. “You're identical. You said Vander had your sisters. Are you the O’Rinne quintuplets?”
Ten minutes later, Queenie and Esma were sipping tea with Mr. Johnson in his study. They all sat facing each other on soft leather chairs before a massive mahogany desk.
Esma had Queenie do the talking. She’d go along with the nice, polite way—until it proves useless.
Queenie sipped the tea and winced at its hot temperature. She put the cup down on the side table and leaned in toward Mr. Johnson. “How is it you know of us? You're the first person who’s referred to us as the O’Rinne’s or as quintuplets.”
He lowered his cup from his mouth after taking a long gulp, apparently impervious to its extreme molten hotness, and pivoted his chair to face Queenie. “Yes, it is odd that anyone would know about you and your sisters, but that’s one thing Vander had me do sixteen years ago. He had me look for any legal papers existing of you five. He wouldn’t take no for an answer, even if it meant my disbarment or arrest. His threats convinced me I had no choice.  
“Your mother was smart in abandoning you with nothing more known than your first names.
“Then, a year ago, Vander called me about a mysterious girl in a mental institution with voices in her head. He wanted me to make it possible for him to adopt Nuri.”
“Why did he want to adopt her? What does he want with us?”
“Who knows what horrible and nefarious plans he’s concocted in his evil mind? All I knew was I no longer wanted to be part of his schemes anymore. So, when I refused, he did his hocus-pocus and sent my wife, Lilly, into a deep coma. The doctors told me her brain scans read that she was suffering. She was unconscious, but still in horrible pain. I had no choice. I complied with Vander and made the adoption happen.” His eyes focused on the floor as he put his cup down and rested his right hand over his eyes.
Esma broke her silence. “Well? What happened to your wife?”
Mr. Johnson’s hand stayed in place as he sunk into his chair. “Yes, yes, he released her from his spell, but the trauma had been too much for my poor dear wife. After months of nightmares and hallucinations, she had a massive stroke and died a few days later.”
Esma knew she should feel sorry for him. Knew that what was burning inside of her was not the proper reaction. All she wanted was to find Vander and get some serious justice.
“I’m sorry,” Queenie said.
He took the hand away from his face and leaned toward Queenie. “You and your sister should run. Get as far away from here as you can. Leave the country if you must, but don’t fall into his trap.”
“Trap?” Esma asked. Her heart beat hard against her chest. “We will not leave our sisters at his mercy.”
Mr. Johnson sat back. “Then you’ll be playing right into his hands. The breadcrumbs you’ve been following are intentional. He had me erase many things, like the hospital records, but allowed himself to be seen picking up Nuri. He’s recognized there because he is a benefactor. They named an entire wing after him.”
“Yes, but why the deception?” Queenie asked.
“He wanted you to find him but wanted it to appear as though he covered his tracks. He wanted you to think you have the benefit of surprise. But like I said—you’ll be walking into a trap.”
“But why?” Queenie asked, “What could he possibly want with all of us?”
“It started with Manator and his obsession with your mother. It destroyed him. Now his successor’s obsession is with her daughters. Why? I don’t know, but it will spell disaster to you. My advice, run. Believe me when I say your sisters wouldn’t want for you to join them.”
Esma had enough of the warnings. “Where is he?”
“If I tell you, you will go. Perhaps I can spare you the horror that is Maxwell Vander and keep it from you.”
Esma stood. “Perhaps I should grab your…”
“What my sister means is, if you don’t tell us we’ll have to search all of Vander’s properties. If you tell us now, we’ll have a chance to prepare.”
He closed his eyes and put his hand over them again. “Very well, but don’t say I didn’t warn you.” 

Forty-one

Jaele left Bryon’s house with her aunt and uncle. The scene in front of her home had become increasingly busy as news reporters jammed up the street with their cars and vans. Luckily, no one noticed her when she walked to her uncle’s car. 
When they got to her aunt and uncle’s apartment, her aunt said, “I don’t know why you had that woman call us. Guess you can stay for a while. We don’t got no money to support you though. Down the hall is a spare room.” Then she went with the uncle into the kitchen. 
Jaele’s heart felt shattered and after what her aunt said, she knew she was alone. She hardly knew them. While in a daze, she must have mentioned to Bryon’s mom that they were her next of kin. 
Her Aunt Stacy and her mother had a falling out years ago. As long as she can remember—they never called or came to visit. They only saw each other during large family gatherings like funerals and weddings.
By the looks of the small messy apartment, they didn’t come close to the amount of money her parents had. Jaele wondered if that was why they didn’t get along.
Jaele looked into the spare room packed with boxes and containers with an old couch and desk covered with clothes and odd things. “What the hell am I supposed to do with this?”
“First, you can watch your mouth,” her aunt yelled from the kitchen. “Then you can tidy up in there. We’re not doing it for you. You’re an adult who can take care of herself. You don’t like it, go somewhere else!”
Jaele closed the door to separate her from her aunt. All she wanted to do was go home to her own bedroom and cry in her bed. The realization of her parents’ death took hold once again. She no longer had a home. She’d never be able to stay in her room, get food from her kitchen, or watch her favorite movies in her living room. It was all a crime scene, and after that, who knows?
How would she pay for college now? Hopefully, her parents had savings she could use. They provided her with a nice living. They must have saved a healthy nest egg for their retirement. The problem that worried her was how to access any of her parents holding. Would she need to hire a lawyer or an accountant?
Her aunt might have been right about her being an adult, but she doesn’t know the first thing about how to be on her own. She didn’t want to stay there, but if Bryon’s mother was quick to call her aunt, then they probably don’t want her staying with them. An empty feeling of helplessness combined with the horrible loss and murder she witnessed—she felt as if she might collapse from exhaustion.  
She went to the couch and pushed the junk off of it to lie down. She curled up and let tears run as she quietly thanked her parents for all they’ve done for her, and what she knew they’d continue to provide. She stopped thinking and allowed her fatigue to take her.
Jaele woke on the old musty couch. It took her a moment to comprehend where she was and why she was there. After the wave of depression settled back over her, she realized she was thirsty.
She made her way toward the kitchen for a drink of what she feared would be tap water from the city. As she neared her destination, she heard her aunt and uncle talking at the dinner table. She hung back to listen.
Her aunt said, “Yeah, she can stay, so long as the spoiled brat shares her inheritance with us.”
Her uncle said, “Then you’d better treat her nicer. She could be our meal ticket if we play our cards right.”
Jaele hesitated for a second from bursting in to tell them off. She hardly knew them, and in the off chance she’s misunderstanding what they're saying. 
Then she heard her aunt. “Fine, but we’re moving into her house. No way she’ll be able to take care of herself. My sis raised her to depend on mommy, daddy, and a maid. If I need to deal with her—I’d better have a nice roof over my head instead of this dump.” 
Jaele slammed her feet as she stormed into the kitchen. “Who do you think you are? My parents have died today, and all you can do is talk about how much money you can steal from me! You’re both as pathetic as my parents always knew you to be!” She lied as her parents never talked about them.
Her uncle stood. “You shut your rotten mouth! We won’t have you speaking to us like that!”
“Why did you even come to get me? You don’t care what happens to me, so what am I doing here?” 
Jaele felt she was about to erupt in a fury of tears and shouts. She didn’t want to give them the satisfaction of seeing her like that. She ran for the door and bolted out into the early evening. She felt as if she could kill them. It’s all about money to them. They don’t care what happens to me.
“Screw those bastards!” 
She ran down the street to get as far as she could from that place. She wanted to go home.

Forty-two

The tires of the car slowed as they crushed over the gravel road while slowly coming to a stop. Queenie turned off the car and the lights. “Well, we’re here. Have you come up with a plan yet?”
Esma looked at the surroundings. It was getting dark, and Queenie had parked before the mill came into view. “Stay in the woods. If they’re ready for us, then there isn’t anything we can do. My plan is to get as close to the building as possible before we get captured. Study it so that when we escape, we’ll know where best route will be.”
Queenie felt queasy. “So, your plan involves getting captured?”
“It’s the fastest way to find Tillie and Nuri. You heard Johnson—Vander wants us alive. He even adopted one of us. I have to believe that the magic between all of us will be more than even an evil warlock can handle.”
“I’m calling Jaele.” Queenie took out her phone. There was no answer, so she left a message telling her where they were and asking her to contact the authorities if she didn’t call again before midnight.
“Are you ready?” Esma asked.
“No.”
“You should probably stay back. We both don’t need to get caught.”
Queenie took a deep breath. “Yes, we do. If your theory is that the closer all us sisters are, the more power we’ll have, then I need to go. I only hope Nuri’s power is throwing fireballs or something.”
“Yeah, me too.”
Esma began walking through the woods. Queenie followed closely through the brush and over sticks, leaves, rocks, and logs. Once under the thick canopy of trees, it became very dark. Queenie held onto Esma’s arm so as not to lose her. She couldn’t understand how she could see where they were going. Minutes passed, and then they saw lights in the distance.
“We’re getting close,” Esma said.
They continued until they came to the edge of the woods. The mill was a few hundred feet beyond the tree line. A light shined over a double door with two guards dressed in black.  
Queenie waited for Esma to give the word. Being this close and seeing the enemy made the whole situation feel more real. This was it. We get captured and begin whatever end game we or the warlock has planned.
Her heart beat hard, so much so she could hear and feel the thumping in her eardrums. She noticed Esma was whispering something to her.
Esma flicked her on the forehead. “Yo, earth to Queenie,” she whispered.
Queenie jolted out of her thoughts and into the moment. “Sorry, so now what?”
“Change of plan. I think if I can keep these guys busy, you can sneak right into the front door, grab the girls, and we’ll meet at the car. But don’t wait for me. Get to the car and take off. I’ll meet you at your house.”
“I'm not leaving you.” Queenie’s whisper was a bit too loud.
“You probably won’t have to, but if I ain’t there waiting—get to safety.”
Queenie tried to protest, but Esma stood and sprinted to the door. She ran right up to the guards, stopped, and yelled, “Hey, looking for me?”
The guards at first appeared not to understand what was happening, then went after her. They left the door unguarded.
Queenie didn’t waste a second. She ran to the door and pulled on the handle. It opened easily. She got inside and closed it behind her. She saw a few security lights dimly revealing various vintage automobiles restored to new again. She was never much of a car enthusiast, but she appreciated the beauty of these antiques. What a shame that all this effort went into making a front for this place.
She walked through the showroom in search of a doorway to lead her to, hopefully, Tillie and Nuri. She found an iron spiral staircase in the center of the building. She climbed it and, as she rose to the second floor, saw the creepy person dressed in the hooded cloak from her dreams.
“Welcome, Queenie. So glad to finally meet you.”
She froze for a second and her hair felt like it was standing on end. She pivoted on her heels to run down the stairs, but a woman now stood at the bottom. Her face with a scowl and eyes wide.
Queenie closed her eyes and tried to regroup her emotions. Got to be calm. Got to be brave. She turned and stepped up and off the stairs onto the second floor. 
“Come to me,” the man said.
“Dr. Maxwell Vander, I presume?” Queenie tried to sound confident.
He smiled. “Yes, very good. I knew you would have done your homework. You’re the researcher of the group. I’ve taken some time and expense to help develop your skills. I didn’t expect your talent to take such a morbid turn. You write all those historical obituaries of people that never mattered. Sure, I understand the significance of writing about famous people, but you cover the nobodies of history. I’ve wanted to ask you about that.”
Queenie’s heart felt like it crumbled to pieces. Is he the reason I got my job? For all that had happened to her, the one thing she could always go back to was she paved her own way. She was self-made.
“That’s right Queenie—I am the reason for your pathetic little job at the paper. I’m the reason for your little weekly page. Money really can buy many things—even the puny dreams of a gypsy. The best part was your adopted sister getting a job at the paper. Now, she’s a real go-getter. And she became far more successful than you will ever become. I had nothing to do with that. It all unfolded so perfectly, don’t you think?”
Her voice shook. “It was all a lie? All my plans? Everything I thought I could do was all you?”
“No, not all of it. You could have written anything you wanted, and you wrote about late, insignificant, little people whom no one cares to remember. I spent a lot of money to convince the paper to let you remain. Luckily, the paper was close to bankruptcy when I made my proposal. 
“I never thought I’d be saying this to a student of history, but enough of the past. Your future can be as amazing and powerful as you want. Work with me in this new era I will bring forth. An era where you will be a goddess.”
Queenie stood with nothing to say. The world she thought she’d created resulted from a crazy old rich guy’s meddling. She had passed on college because she loved what she was doing. She’d never cared about the money so long as she could one day make enough to get her own place and live her own life. Now it was all gone in a second.
The woman from below came up behind her and grabbed the back of her neck with one hand. She was shorter than she looked at the bottom of the stairs.
Vander said, “Speechless, Queenie? That’s fine. We’ll start small.” He pulled an old book from his cloak and opened it. “Just tell me what you see.”
She thought of what her grandmother said about a book that could give answers to the Keeper of the Rift. The Book. Her spirits lifted as Vander raised The Book to her face. She wanted to see it. Wanted to know its wisdom. This must be the true reason for my being. But all she saw were blank pages. “I see nothing.”
Vander’s face turned to disappointment. The woman squeezed her neck and seethed, “You’d better be telling the truth.”
Vander said, “Put her with the others.” Then to Queenie, “We will talk later.”

Forty-three

Esma ran as fast as she could. One guard was closing in as she made her second pass by the front door. She sneaked a look behind and noticed only one guard was chasing her. The other probably turned to run in the opposite direction. She watched ahead and soon saw the second guy coming at her. She turned into the woods and slowed so as not to smack into a tree in the darkness and end this race. 
She heard men’s voices, along with the keying of their radios as they spoke. There are the two who’s chasing me, so they’re speaking with a third party. Maybe even Vander. Who cares, as long as I have their attention.
Esma purposely ran away from where Queenie had parked the car to give her and her sisters clearance to escape. She never thought she’d be able to meet up at the car. No, this would hopefully be the way to free her sisters and get to have Vander for herself. She didn’t think the others could do what it would take to stop him. He had money and power, and to Esma, that meant there would be no justice. She had done it before, and to save her sisters, she would do it again. She must kill Vander.
She ran carefully through the forest. She figured her pursuers shouldn’t have difficulty following her with all the noise she made as she trotted over sticks and leaves. After some time, she figured on changing direction to arc back toward the mill. If all went well, Queenie should have found her sisters by now and would be far away from here by the time she made it back.
Before she changed her direction, she ran out of the woods and onto a road. A car’s headlights suddenly shined and blinded her for a second. Stunned and looking for a safe direction to run—a person tackled her to the ground from behind. Then another jumped on her legs and pinned her.
She closed her eyes to calm herself for the time being and save her energy for Vander. She hoped Queenie had enough time to do what she had to.
Her captors put her hands behind her and used a zip tie around her wrists. No problem. The men said nothing as they hoisted her off the ground and brought her to the car. Her plan was to cooperate to make the men feel complacent, so when she made her move, she would catch them off guard.
It surprised Esma at how long the car drive was. She hadn’t realized how far she had run. Hopefully, the time to capture her took longer than it seemed.
The men walked her into the mill. She saw all the old cars and said, “Nice collection. How much do you think they're all worth?”
They met her question with silence and led her to a spiral staircase. “Tough crowd. You guys always so talkative?”
Their faces remain emotionless and as unchanging as a sculpture. She looked up the stairs as she neared the second floor. She saw a man in a cloak with a much shorter woman by his side. 
Her escorts brought her a few feet from the tall cloaked man. “Esma, you are finally here. You gave us quite a chase.”
“Vander, what do you want with me and my sisters?” She wanted to get him talking so she could make her move.
“Ah, the edgy and brazen one. Juvenile detention has hardened you. What I want is simple—for you and your sisters to join me in my conquest.”
“Conquest? What are you planning on conquering?”
“You will see in good time. First, I need your help.” He turned to the woman, who held a large old book.
Once his eyes were off her, Esma jumped up and kicked at him with all her might. The small woman slipped in front of Vander and stopped her leg by punching her shin.
Pain blasted through Esma and caused her to fall to the ground. The woman and guards moved to attack her, but Vander raised a hand. Everyone in the room froze except for himself and Esma. 
He said, “No one touches her. Everyone, leave us!” He dropped his hand, and his crew left.
Her hatred of this man overshadowed the pain. She could feel the heat in her head intensify by his overconfidence. “Do you really think you’re safe because your wife, or whoever she is, landed a lucky hit?” She tried to bring her hands down below her feet.
Vander seemed amused. He walked to a cabinet, pulled a hunting knife out, and threw it on the ground in front of Esma as she successfully brought her hands around to her front. She grabbed the knife and cut the zip tie off her hands. Then faced Vander.
She grinned, raised the knife, screamed a battle cry, and rushed him. In an instant, she flew upwards. Her back hit the ceiling hard. Every inch of her body felt as if some force was pressing her against the ceiling. She struggled to free herself, and when she realized it was useless, let out a loud, furious scream at him. Even that was difficult, for the pressure on her lungs was as intense as on the rest of her body.
“Please, Esma, do calm yourself. I offer power, and you try to kill me? It’s very impressive that you continue to struggle even after I’ve subdued you with my magic.”
She used all her might to suck in enough air to speak. “I will kill you!”
“No, you won’t. That won’t happen. Now, if you would please have a look at my book.”
“It’s not yours. That belongs to us.” Her lowered eyes betrayed her as it showed Vander her disappointment. 
“Not even you. This leaves us with one last chance. Let’s hope Jaele can read The Book.”

Forty-four

Jaele woke from an arduous night’s sleep. She spent a second in blissful ignorance as she lay in bed with her eyes closed. Then the scent of her best friend Bryon’s room filled her nostrils. She opened her eyes and with the awareness of where she was came the memory of all that had transpired yesterday. Her insides felt deflated, and she didn’t want to face the day, week, or year... It all would be horrible. She thought it was almost amusing how her parents had gone to great lengths to keep her from having to deal with the awful things in life. But their time on Earth was over, and she was alone.
No, I’m not. She thought of her four siblings. In learning of the truth that was her life, a new one revealed itself to her. One that would be as foreign as the pain she felt in her heart. The girls at school used to say under their breath that she was nothing but a spoiled bitch, but now she was just an orphan. She lost all she knew the moment her parents died. 
She thought of her aunt and uncle. So pathetic. Her heart was so emotionally drained that she couldn’t feel angry after what they said. She could only feel sorrow—but was it for her parents or herself? She shook her head from such deep thoughts.
Then a thought struck her—Sisters! They were supposed to let me know what happened. Whether or not they found that Vander guy.
She went to her phone and saw it was dead. She looked around the room for Bryon’s charger plug, knowing he had the same phone as her. She found it, plugged it in, and saw she had many messages. Scrolling through them, she saw most were from people that had never called before. She figured to give condolences. People always want to be the first to pry some unknown information from you so they can gossip. Finally, she saw a message from Queenie.
She heard her voice say that they found where Vander would be and to call the police if they didn’t call back by midnight. “Oh my God!” She quickly called Queenie’s phone, and it went straight to voicemail. “Oh, come on!”
A knock on the door startled her. “Hello?”
“It’s me,” Bryon said.
“Come in.” 
“I thought I heard you moving around up here,” Bryon said.
Jaele quickly explained to him about the situation. He responded, “I think you have a lot going on right now.”
“But they may be in danger. They’re the last family I have.”
“Fine, okay. Let’s go to Queenie’s house. Do you know where she lives?”
It took Bryon five minutes to locate her address on his computer, about ten minutes to grab some food and drink, and they headed to Jaele’s house. 
The closer she got to her home, the more it all seemed wrong. This was her house—all she had to do was walk in, and everything would be right again. Her parents would be in there getting ready for the day, wondering where Jaele had been all night. Then the crime tape and police car made reality tear into her heart.
They walked up the driveway as a uniformed policeman came to them. “You two kids can’t be here.”
Jaele lowered her head. “This is my home. I need my car and some fresh clothes.”
The police officer’s attitude whisked away like a curtain. “I’m sorry for your loss, Jail.”
Bryon corrected him. “It’s Jaele.”
“Yeah, Jail.”
“Jay-el.”
“That’s what I said, Jail.”
Jaele lost her temper. “Who cares? I just need to get in my room.”
“Please wait here. Let me call the investigating detective.” The officer turned away and spoke into a mic on his shoulder. After a few minutes, the officer came back. “Aren’t you supposed to be in the care of your aunt?”
“I’m eighteen. I’m in my own care. All my aunt wants is to use me to get at my inheritance that my parents left. In other words—they suck.”
“Detective Holtin is on his way. He would like to have a word with you. In the meantime, I can walk you through the house.”
Jaele and the officer walked up the front lawn as Bryon stayed on the driveway. “What happened with all the news reporters?” She asked.
“There was a fire last night in Woonsocket. Three people died, five were seriously burned, and three others hospitalized with smoke inhalation. Looks like the building’s owner may have hired an arsonist to torch the place for insurance. It’s a big mess.”
“So, my parents are yesterday’s news?” She was glad that no one was there to hound her, but a little sad at how quickly people move on.
The cop stayed silent until they entered the home. “Try to not look at the floor.”
It was impossible to miss. Blood stained the rug in two spots—one for her father and one for her mother.
“Please step to the side in going up the stairs.” 
She obeyed and avoided the bloodstain on the steps where her father fell. She tried to not think about anything but what she needed or she would lose it. She ran into her bedroom and grabbed her car keys and a change of clothes.
“Get a few days’ worth,” the officer said.
She grabbed a suitcase from her closet her parents bought for her when they went to Florida for vacation two years back. She packed it with casual outfits and sensible shoes. She thought the next time she'd have to get dressed up would be for a funeral, and all her more expensive formal wear was colorful. As a self-proclaimed fashionista, she thought, I wouldn’t be caught dead at a funeral wearing anything but black—unless it was my own. She laughed at her joke.
When finished, they went to leave the house. The officer took her bag as they walked through the crime scene again. Her eyes watered at the horror of her parents’ last moments on Earth. Once outside, she took a deep breath.
A man in a dark suit was talking to Bryon. The officer at her side said, “Ah, the detective is here.”
The detective walked to meet them on the porch. “Hello, I’m Detective Holtin. I hope officer Barns has been treating you well.”
“Yes, he mentioned you had some questions for me. I told the police everything I saw.”
“It’s about what you said. When things like this happen, many people find that they can’t trust their own eyes. Especially after witnessing all that you have. Let me offer my most sincere condolences and tell you how glad I am that your friend got you out of there.”
“Thank you, but what about what I saw?”
“You spoke of a limousine with Rhode Island license plates that spelled your name.”
“Yes, I did. They parked it right in front of the house, right there.” She pointed to the location.
“There are no license plates with your name on them in Rhode Island or any state in New England. Your friend and others mentioned a blue van was here at the time of the incident which drove off before the police arrived.”
Jaele thought about that night. She was sure of what she saw. “I don’t know what to tell you. I saw a limo with that plate. Maybe you're right. Maybe I had some traumatic stress or something.”
The detective switched to a different question. “Do you know of anyone who would have done this? Any threats or angry phone calls?”
“I... I actually do.” She knew she would tell the police anyway—might as well be now.
The detective’s eyes bore into hers—anxious for information.
“Vander. Dr. Maxwell Vander from North Smithfield.”
He looked at the officer and nodded. The officer went to his car while talking into his shoulder mic. Holtin then faced Jaele again. “Why do you think this doctor would do these things?”
“The same night they killed my parents, my sister disappeared. My two other sisters found out that Vander had adopted my fourth sister and wasn’t seen or heard from again. They went to check out an old mill he owns after talking to his lawyer or something. All I know for sure is my sister Queenie asked me to notify the police if I didn’t hear from them, and I haven’t.”
Detective Holtin looked at Jaele with what she felt were doubtful eyes. “I thought you were an only child.”
“I was. I mean, until a few days ago. My biological sisters told me my parents had adopted me. Since we’ve met strange things have been happening. Vander’s picking us off one at a time.”
“And why do you think that is?”
Jaele remembered her sisters saying that he was a warlock, and they were magical beings, but to the detective, she thought it would be best to say, “I don’t know. It may have something to do with our birth mother. It was all just speculation until people started dying and disappearing. Queenie knows more about this.”
“But she’s missing. Give me the names of all your sisters, and we will check to see if anyone has seen them since last night.”
“What about Vander?” 
“We’ll pay him a visit. For now, I want you to stay with your friend until you hear from me.” He handed her a card. “Call this number to reach me any time of day.”

Forty-five

       Nuri was at a loss. The last couple of days has been the most exciting in years. Three of her sisters were with her, and as happy about finally meeting them as she was—there’s also that awful fact that they too were prisoners of a madman.
When Queenie and Esma arrived, they were first relieved to see both Nuri and Tillie alive, but after the hugs and explanations of how they had found them and of the details they’d learned on meeting their grandmother, things went quiet. 
Nuri hated quiet. She’d been the prisoner of silence for too long. Her sisters were busy looking over their new residence for a way out. They refused to believe Nuri that there was no physical way out of here. In fact, the more she lets them know they were wasting their time, the angrier they got at her.  
Their response was the opposite of what she had hoped. She thought her experience might be worth something, but instead, they lashed out, and she felt the blood drain from her head and wanted to get away.
Relax, stupid. They still have a hope of escape. Give them time. God knows we have plenty of that.
Nuri walked to the window, put her arm on the sill like she always did, and stared out at a world that had become as foreign to her as the reason she and her sisters were there. She wondered what they'd think of her after they had learned she’d been listening to their minds in the past. 
Nuri jumped when she felt a hand on her shoulder. She turned and saw Queenie smiling with her eyebrows furrowed, like she felt sorry for her. That didn’t make her feel any better, but she’d take it as an opportunity to talk.
Queenie said, “Sorry about our lashing out on you. Being locked up is making me crazy. We had hoped that all our powers combined might have given us an advantage, but I guess it doesn’t. Vander is just too powerful.”
“Yeah, he has been planning this for a long time, and prepared for everything.”
Esma came over. “I can’t believe we let him sucker us into getting caught. Johnson was right—we walked right into his trap.”
Tillie plopped on a bed. “And Jaele is still out there. Do you think she’ll come looking?”
Queenie answered, “No, I left her a message to call the police if we didn’t make it back. She has a lot on her plate with what’s happened to her parents. I just hope she gets the message.”
“I got the impression that she’s all about herself,” Tillie said.
“Well, you don’t want to know my first impression of you,” Esma said. “So, Nuri, got any strange abilities like us?”
“Yeah, but I don’t know how you’ll take it. I used to hear you all in my head. Before this place, that is. I knew all about you before we met.”
“Great, this new family of mine has some real boundary issues,” Esma said.
“I’ve been thinking about that,” Tillie said. “I think you’ve been sending us that dream as a warning about Vander. Seeing as you knew he wanted to get us all.”
“No, I can’t do that,” Nuri said. “Even if I could, he sealed the room. I can’t even hear you when you’re all inside with me.”
“What’s that noise?” Esma asked.
Nuri heard it too. “Sounds like a car.” She looked and couldn’t believe her eyes. “It’s a police car!”
The other girls huddled at the window. Queenie said, “Thank God for Jaele!”
Esma tried yelling through the window and knocked loudly to the policeman who exited the car. He didn’t look towards the window. “Why doesn’t he hear me?”
“The room is soundproof. I don’t know if it’s part of Vander’s magic or sturdy construction, but I’ve tried to get people’s attention before, and it hasn’t worked. I’m sorry.”
Esma walked back and grabbed her hair with both hands and looked as though she was trying to pull it out. Her expression was frightening. Then she said calmly, “Everyone, get away from the window.”
No one argued as Esma picked up the desk chair and, as she screamed, ran and threw the chair at the window. The old wooden chair broke apart, sending splintered pieces across the room. The window didn’t have a scratch on it. “We’re gonna rot in here!”
“Hopefully not,” Queenie said as she went back to the window. 
“If he’s here to investigate our disappearances,” Tillie said, “Then he must do a walkthrough. If Vander says no or reacts suspiciously, then we may have a chance of being discovered. Cops hate getting their chains pulled.”
“Look! Here comes Vander!” Queenie said.
They watched as he shook the officer’s hand and then put his arm over his shoulder as they strolled toward the entrance. Nuri shook her head. “The cop will only see what Vander wants him to see.”
“Damn, damn, damn, damn!” Esma pushed off on the window and walked in circles.
“Hey, are you okay?” Tillie asked. “I’m freaking out too, but we need to stay level, you know?” She grabbed Esma’s hand.
Nuri and Queenie followed, and they all held Esma when she blurted, “Wait, I sense something.”

Forty-six

Jaele had been at Bryon’s house for a few hours now, and she felt like she could crawl out of her skin. She had already bothered Officer Barns several times to find out if he’d heard anything about the policeman sent to check on Vander’s mill. She headed out the door to ask again. 
Bryon’s mother seemed annoyed by her coming and going. “Honey, why don’t you give the police a chance to do their job. I’m sure if they find anything, they’ll let you know.”
“I know, but I need to keep busy.” She walked out into the summer heat to stroll down to her home. She couldn’t explain it. The feelings inside her were a mess. Like a tie-dyed shirt, with colors all swirling in a constant disorganized fashion. It was driving her insane. She had to keep moving. The sound of running feet came up behind her. It was Bryon again, being so sweet in staying close—so very close.
She saw Officer Barns walking toward to meet her in the street. She asked, “What is it?”
“The mill checked out. Nothing out of the ordinary. The doctor was there. But he assures us his daughter Nuri is at his home in the Hamptons, most probably on the beach with his wife.”
“Anyone check on my sisters?”
“Yeah, um, they’re still missing. Queenie’s parents are at the Cumberland station filing a missing person’s report. No one seems too surprised that Tillie isn’t around—or Esma.”
Jaele turned and headed for her car. Bryon shouted while trying to keep up. “Now where are you going?”
“Don’t worry about it.”
The officer followed. “Jaele! You’re not about to do something stupid, are you?”
“Don’t worry, sir,” Bryon said to Officer Barns. “I’ll keep her out of trouble.” He ran and hopped into her car.
Once strapped in, he asked, “Where are we going?”
She took her cell phone and asked for directions to the mill. Bryon slapped his forehead. “I just told a cop I’d keep you out of trouble.” 
“You shouldn’t have made that promise.”
Byron spent the ride lecturing her to not do anything stupid. It made the drive seem longer than it was. Then finally Jaele drove onto a dirt road and right up to the entrance of the mill. She got out of the car and looked at the second-story windows. She saw movement. More than a single person. She walked closer.
“What exactly do you think you can do that a cop can’t?” Bryon asked.
“I don’t know.” She studied the images behind the glass. “See? Do you see them?”
“I see nothing. Come on, and let’s go before we get nailed.”
“Really? You can’t see those girls up there?” She looked and swore she saw her sisters.
“Seriously, Jaele. I think you’re seeing things again.”
Jaele’s heart pounded. She wondered if she had imagined it. How could the cops miss that? “We need to get out of here.”
“That’s what I’ve been trying to say.” Bryon got back in the car.
She ran to the vehicle when a sick feeling deep in her stomach felt like it was trying to bore its way out. “Something’s wrong.”
“Well then, start the car and let’s go.”
She turned the key but sat there. She felt like she was being pulled in two directions. Part of her felt that she couldn’t leave her sisters, but another part screamed that this was a trap. She closed her eyes to calm herself. That’s when she got a moment of clarity. “Nuri?” she whispered aloud. She knew it was a warning coming from inside the mill.
She put the car in reverse and hit the gas. Her gut was now doing flips. She knew it was already too late as a van pulled out of the woods and blocked the road.
Jaele ripped the gear into drive and headed toward the mill. A man in a cloak appeared in their path. She pressed on the accelerator to run him down.
Bryon yelled, “Stop! You’ll hit him!”
She wanted to. At this moment in time, she saw evil’s face and her reaction was to snuff it out before it did the same to her. The car crashed into the cloaked man, but it felt like it hit a wall. Jaele’s head hit the steering wheel.

Forty-seven

Jaele woke on a wooden floor in a dark room. She strained to look around. The front of her head felt like someone had used a giant-sized nutcracker on her. Bryon was standing before a man in a cloak identical to the one worn by the man who had murdered her parents. 
She pushed off on the floor to get herself up to her feet. “Dr. Vander?”
His eyes shot to her, and she instantly regretted calling out his name. His face reminded her of the old movies of Dracula. A tall, scary man with a menacing stare and even creepier smile. 
“Yes, finally. Jaele, the last of the O’Rinne quintuplets. Exactly as I’ve planned—you are now mine.”
“My sisters, where are they?”
“They’re perfectly safe and waiting for you. All you must do is read this here book, and you may go see them.” He held out an old book.
She couldn’t stand to hear the overconfident tone in his voice. It was like he was playing some game, and her parents had been his pawns. She had no intention of doing anything for this monster. She steeled herself before asking slowly, “Why did you kill my parents?”
His laugh sent a chill throughout her body as he answered. “I assume you’re asking about your adopted parents? You see, I am responsible for both their and your actual parents’ deaths. It was all to get you here. I think it was a most ingenious plan. Tillie was the loose cannon. I didn’t know how she would react to threats or even killings. So, I made her the bait for Esma and Queenie. I knew they would come looking for her. I had to place the right breadcrumbs for them to find. But you are a different story altogether. You didn’t need any of this. You had everything. Money, support, a life, you had what your sisters were searching for their entire lives. I knew that if I took it all away, then you’d cling to the only family you had left. And here we are.”
Her fists tightened. “You took my parents away for your own psycho plans? What makes you think I’d help you after what you’ve done?”
He walked to Jaele, handed her the book, and then went to stand beside Bryon. “For starters, I have your friend.” He pulled a knife from his cloak and held it to Bryon’s neck. “I’ll show you how a warlock gets his powers.” Bryon looked helpless standing by Vander. Nothing bound him, but his legs were unnaturally close together, and his arms appeared glued to his sides. All that moved were his eyes, which darted around in panic.
“No! Stop!” She opened the book. She knew it had to be the one Queenie and Esma had learned about from their grandmother. “It reads, ‘Greetings, heir to the Rift.’”
Vander dropped the knife and clapped his hands together with an elated expression on his fearsome face. “Finally, it is complete.” He snapped his fingers, and his minions in black came and grabbed Jaele. “Bring her to the others.”
While being pulled, she looked back at her friend. “What about Bryon?” 
“Don’t worry. I will take excellent care of him. Wouldn’t want anything to happen to my insurance policy.”

Forty-eight

“Well, this is fantastic!” Tillie propped her head up on her hand while she lay on the top bunk as Jaele entered the room. “We all fell for Vander’s plans, and it looks like he wins.”
Nuri walked up to Jaele. Her eyes welled with tears. “I’m so sorry about all of this.”
“Don’t be,” Esma said. “None of it is your fault. What could you have possibly done?”
Jaele slowly studied everyone and everything in the room. “Nice to meet you... Nuri, is it? Anyone have a plan on how we get outta here?”
Queenie went to Jaele and hugged her. “I think we do. Seems like our powers become stronger together when we touch. Just like in our dream. Jaele, you know what we’re talking about, right?”
“Um, you mean the one with the guy in the robe that looks like Vander? Yeah, I hoped that was my power—you know, to see the future. Guess all I can do is read that book.”
“That was my next question,” Queenie said. “No matter what he does, you can’t give him what he wants. You can’t read The Book.”
“He has my friend. He will kill him if I don’t.”
“Then we’re screwed,” Esma said. “All I can do is know where you guys are, Queenie can read the aura left on objects, Nuri can hear our thoughts, Tillie can have out-of-body experiences, and Jaele can read a book. How do we overpower a warlock? Seriously, I’m open to suggestions.”
Queenie said, “Don’t forget we are the ‘Keepers’ of some ‘Rift,’ whatever that means. We need to figure out how to summon it.”
“Didn’t our grandmother tell you?” Nuri asked.
“Nah, she doesn’t know. It’s different for each Keeper, and with five of us sharing the power, who knows.” Esma paced the floor.
“Well, then we should try to do that. Summon it, right?” Jaele asked.
The girls formed a circle and held hands. Nothing happened. Queenie said, “Maybe we need to close our eyes like in the dream.”
They did and still nothing. Esma let go of her sisters and said, “This is stupid. How are we supposed to figure this crap out? Queenie, did you read anyone’s aura?”
“No, I’m trying to control that.”
“You mean you can stop yourself from reading? It’s not automatic? So, you read me against my will, and you knew it?” Esma got in Queenie’s face.
“No, no, it’s not like that. I can avoid reading things if I try not to. With you, I didn’t know I could read you. It all just flashed in front of me. I’m sorry.”
Tillie lay down on a bed and said, “Why don’t we try my thing? Let me see what the good doctor has in store for us.”
Everyone came and formed a circle while Tillie remained on the bed. As soon as Tillie closed her eyes, she went limp. The two on either side of her held on before her arms dropped

Forty-nine

Tillie got up from the bed. She turned and saw her sisters and her body joined in the circle. She wondered what would happen if they were to let go while she was still in this form. “No time to worry about that.” She went for the door and passed through it like it was air. She walked into an open area void of anyone. She stuck her head through the floor and saw the vintage automobiles, but nobody was around. “Where is everybody?”
She had gotten into the habit of talking to herself when she was in this form. No one could hear her. The only problem was when she became whole again, she sometimes would forget and continued to talk to herself regardless if people were around. She tried to convince herself that she didn’t care what other people think, but it had become embarrassing in certain situations, so she tried to pay attention to her little habit. 
She walked up the stairs to the third floor. Once there, the open space was familiar to her from the dream, but what she saw wasn’t part of any nightmare. It made her skin crawl. Doctor and Mrs. Vander stood over three dead men dressed in black. They were his own men! 
“Closer, I got to get closer.” Tillie moved into the room. The floor was shiny, like it had just received a fresh coat of stain. She noticed a guy that seemed to be her own age tied to a structural beam with his hands stretched high over his head.
Vander knelt beside his pile of victims and put his hands on them with his face turned up to the ceiling. Tillie forced herself to move closer. “For a girl who likes to pretend she’s dead, you’d think I wouldn’t mind it so much when I see actual death.” But the closer Tillie walked, the sicker she felt. “If you do this to your own people, what will you do to us?” 
She knew Vander had heard her when his head pivoted slowly, and his bloodshot eyes locked onto her. “How dare you interrupt me!” 
Tillie froze in place, as if not moving would make her unseen again. She knew she was still invisible, as his wife spun around to see who he was talking to. 
He rose and came toward Tillie. Only he wasn’t walking—his feet hovered a few inches above the floor as he approached her. 
She inadvertently backed up while glancing around the room for somewhere to hide, but she knew it was too late for that.
“You and your sisters are powerful indeed. But you still are no match for a warlock.” He raised his arms and reached out to Tillie. His fingers spread, and at the second he touched her she zipped backward out of the room, back down the stairs, across the floor, through the wall of her and her sisters’ prison, and back into her body.
She sat up and gasped hard for air.
“What is it? What happened?” Queenie asked.
“Did it work? Were you gone?” Esma asked.
“Yes, yes, I was. And you don’t want to know what I saw.”
“I think we do,” Jaele said.
“Give her some space,” Nuri suggested.
They all backed away from Tillie while she put her legs over the side of the bed and rested her face in her hands. “I’m not kidding. It was the room in the nightmare—only it was worse. He’s killing his men. Life has no value to him. All that’s left is him and his wife.”

Fifty

Nuri brought a cup of water from the bathroom to Tillie, who took it and sipped. Nuri backed away, not sure if she wanted to know the details of what her sister had seen. She knew they needed to know so they could plan something. After her time with him and his wife this past year, discovering what he has been doing on the other side of that door made her nauseous.
“He could see me,” Tillie said. “I’m supposed to be invisible to everyone, but he could see and feel me. His hands pressed on me, and he sent me back to my body.”
“You said he killed people,” Esma mentioned.
“The guys who kidnapped me. Three men dressed in black. They’re piled up on the floor upstairs. They were his guards, they worked for him, and he killed them… for what?”
“Power,” Queenie said. “Warlocks kill and suck their victims’ life force, or something like that, to get their magical powers.”
“Is that why we’re here? For him to drain our life force?” Esma stood up and began pacing again.
“If that were the case, then he would have killed me a long time ago,” Nuri said.
“He needs me to read that book,” Jaele said.
“And I think he needs the rest of us to open the Rift,” Queenie added.
“Too bad we don’t know how to do that,” Tillie muttered.
Nuri feared what Vander may have planned. It was time to act, even though the thought of facing him made her dizzy. She sat on the edge of a bed and noticed how cold her fingers felt when she folded her arms.
This is it. We’re doomed. How can we even think of fighting such a powerful being? We hardly know anything about our abilities.
Nuri looked at her sisters as they racked their brains to devise a plan that they could use to defeat him, or, at the very least, to escape this place. Time wasn’t on their side.
She turned her attention to Queenie. She was sitting on top of the desk and appeared amused. She was practically smiling as she tapped her finger on her chin. Nuri sat up and waited for her to share what she was thinking. 
Then Queenie turned and looked at Nuri. “You know. You’ve had the answer all along.”
Nuri jerked her head back. “Me?” Then she lowered her head to let her short hair cover her eyes, as if to shield herself from the glares of her sisters, and mumbled, “I’m not the key to anything.”
Queenie jumped off the desk, walked up to her, and put her hands on her hips. “You knew about Vander and the cloak. In all of our dreams he said to us individually that we will be his, and to you he said, ‘I will have them all.’ 
“See, you communicated to us! You connected us with your power.”
Nuri looked up at her. Tillie hopped off the bed and stood beside Queenie. “I thought the same thing! Well, something like that.”
“What do you think I can do to Vander?” Nuri’s voice was shaky.
“Can’t you see? Can’t all of you see?” Queenie exclaimed. “By joining us mentally, we saw in our dreams we needed to connect physically.”
“I don’t know about everybody else,” Esma hissed, “but if you don’t start talking about what we should do, then I think I’m gonna smack you in the head.”
“I second that,” Tillie said.
“Yeah, really, Queenie, you’re not making sense,” Jaele added.
“Our grandmother said that the way to open the Rift was different for each keeper. They always knew how to open it—they just hadn’t realized it. We need to…”
The door swung open, but no one was there.                                                                                 
Fifty-one

“Come out one at a time!” Vander’s voice howled throughout the room.
Esma looked at Queenie. “Better finish that sentence pretty quick.” But as her lips formed the words, nothing but silence came out. The son of a bitch is using another spell so we can’t communicate. Bastard must’ve been listening in. 
The girls stayed in the room and backed away from the door. Esma wanted to break something over his head, but she was sure it would be a waste of time. He’d do that throw-me-up-to-the-ceiling thing again. But I’ll do something if he grabs Jaele. She’s the one he needs.
“You don’t understand, Esma,” Vander’s voice echoed painfully. She tried to cover her ears, but to no avail. The noise came from inside her head. She looked at her sisters, and they also appeared in agony from his screeching voice. 
“I need you all. Yes, Jaele is the last piece, but you all will play an important role. Now come out, or I will have to drain her friend Bryon for more power. I must have a certain amount for this to work.”
Esma stopped trying to figure out what he was saying. It was too confusing for her. Vander and Queenie were talking in riddles and expecting everyone to get it. She stopped trying to understand, and decided to focus on finding an opportunity to put a hurt on this maniac.
Esma walked out, and the others followed. “Good, good,” Vander said, but he wasn’t there. “Tillie, won’t you show the way?” His voice pounded in her head.
She obeyed, and walking in front of Esma, led them up the stairs. As they neared the next and final level of the building, Esma smelled the awful stench of fresh stain—exactly like in the dream. She associated the stench with this cursed place. She passed Tillie, who stopped before exiting the stairwell. Esma bore down on her teeth and her hands made fists. This is it, then. He will use us, and we’re helpless?
“Yes.” 
She bent at the waist as the voice shocked her to the core. He’s in my mind! He’s got to know what I want to do to him. He knows I’m looking for an opening. Knows I want to kill him.
Vander’s laugh bounced around in her head for an awful moment. She hoped Queenie knew something… anything that could stop him.
The wide-open space was full of white lit candles on a shiny floor. As they walked on the wood, it felt sticky and made loud crunchy noises showing that the stain hadn’t fully cured.
Mrs. Vander was walking around with a long-stem lighter as she finished lighting the candles, and Vander himself stood at the center of a large red star in the room's midpoint. The dead bodies were no longer there, but smears of blood remained by his feet, as if someone had tried to dry-mop the area.
The star, though it had five points, wasn’t a traditional evil looking pentagram, Esma noticed. It seemed to her to look more like an oversized Hollywood Walk of Fame star like in her dream.
Fifty-two

Tillie fell back to third in line with her eyes on Esma. She must have a plan, and the second she reacts, I will follow. 
The sticky floor felt disgusting on her bare feet, and the sting of her sinuses from inhaling the revolting stench of the stain made her look forward to getting out of this rotten place. The longer she stayed in Vander’s sanctum, the more she was ready to act.
“But where will you go?” Vander’s voice rocked her head.
“Get out!” she cried, but she couldn’t make a sound—or was it she couldn’t hear anything? Did he make her deaf?
“You are too old to go back to your home for unwanted children. Your job sold you out for a mere one hundred dollars. I don’t think they want you back. Stay here and I will make you a princess. I will give you money and power. More than I offered your mother.”
“Screw you! You got nothing I want!” She checked on Esma and realized that Vander had taken his attention off of her. She ignored the pain that quaked within her head to be ready to make her move.
The group stopped before the giant star. In an instant, Tillie felt her ears freed from Vander’s spell and could hear—only to listen to his deep, rough voice. She felt every syllable in her chest like the bass drums of a marching band.
“Jaele, my sweet, fetch the Book of Knowledge and take your spot on the point of the star before me. Everyone else, go to a point and stay there.”
The girls walked around Vander as Jaele went over to a bookstand made of stone where the artifact rested.
The second Jaele took The Book, Esma yelled, “Now, scatter!”
Tillie pivoted on her heels and ran in the direction opposite from where they came. She sprinted on the balls of her feet until she reached the support beam Bryon was tied to and hid behind it.
A massive primal scream shook the entire mill. The floors, ceiling, and even the beam Tillie hid behind vibrated as if an earthquake had suddenly begun at the place where Vander stood.
Tillie sat and brought her legs to her chest. Her body froze there as the only movement she made was the involuntary beat of her heart. It seemed so loud in her ears she feared it would give her away.
C’mon Jaele, get out of here. We’ve got to buy her as much time as she needs to escape this rotten place. She saw that the direction in which she’d run led to only large windows. She hoped her sisters had made it to an exit.
Then Tillie had an idea. What if I go ghost? Can he see me and catch everybody else at the same time? She closed her eyes and concentrated on using her ability. She felt herself become lighter when suddenly her head flew back and slammed against the wooden structure beam. Pain exploded in her head as her thoughts now focused on her own survival.
She couldn’t move as something pulled her from around the beam and dragged her across the sticky floor back to Vander. She stopped at a point of the star and unwillingly stood up to face the warlock. Her other sisters were either already there or being dragged. All but Jaele.

Fifty-three

Jaele flew down the staircase with both arms wrapped around The Book. Once she arrived at the first landing, she hid behind the wall. She ripped the book from her chest and opened it while fighting her shaky hands. She closed her eyes to calm herself then said, “Show me how to defeat the warlock.” 
The words slowly formed on the page: You already know.
“What? Know what?”
A roar from above made her grasp the book tight again, and when the floor and walls shook, she could think of one thing: Run! Run and don’t look back! Drop The Book and get the hell out of here! I never signed up for this!
She responded to her panic with—And what about Bryon? Your sisters? Where will you run? Everybody in the world that gives half a damn about you is up there. Besides, apparently, I know how to defeat a warlock. I must cause the freaking Book of Knowledge said so.
She moved off the wall as the horrible voice came at her from above. “Jaele! You have forced me to use my powers and thus drained me. Should I use anymore to fetch you, I’ll have to kill your little friend. Come back on your own, and I will let him go!”
She knew not to trust his words. She knew that someone would die up there. Most probably, many would, but she walked up the stairs just the same. She felts chills from her head to her feet. Not from fear, but from a rage that was growing inside of her. She was finally ready to fight. Ready to face not only this warlock, but her future.
She walked to the top of the stairs and entered the room. The warlock stood with arms outstretched and bony fingers extended. Her sisters were on the star’s points save the one for her. They stood in very unnatural ways, as some force held them. He was using magic to hold them. 
Vander’s eyes were bloodshot, and his face contorted to something that looked beyond human. A furious beyond human. She didn’t allow this vision of pure fury to deter her from what she had to do, whatever that was. She had to have faith. Faith in herself. Faith in her sisters. 
That’s it! My sisters! Queenie had been trying to say something. Nuri already knew something, or was it we all already know something? Like The Book told me… But what the hell do I know?  
She meandered, and Vander seemed like he was about to erupt as his head turned a bright red. What do I know? In the dream we held hands. Nuri gave us the dream. At least that’s what Queenie believes. Nuri can hear our thoughts. We held hands, and Tillie overcame the warlock’s magic in the room. Vander didn’t use magic to subdue me. He never has. Maybe he can’t. What if we all used our powers while holding hands?
Jaele walked onto her point and concentrated her thoughts to send a message to Nuri.

Fifty-four

What was Queenie trying to tell me? Nuri’s mind raced for a clue while bound by Vander’s magic on the star’s point. She said I sent everyone those dreams. How could I? It’s true that I saw this place and knew Vander before everybody else…
“Command the Book of Knowledge to allow me to contact Warlock Manator from beyond the Rift!” Vander ordered Jaele.
Nuri noticed Vander’s distraction with Jaele. That’s why he’s forcing us to stand still. She closed her eyes and listened for her sisters.
It was almost overwhelming. They were all sending thoughts of doom and anger. All but Jaele. She seemed confident that they would win as she spoke to Nuri in her mind. “Can you hear me? What should I do? Please Nuri, answer me.”
Nuri felt lighter as warmth filled her heart. She was reacting to Jaele’s sudden burst of duty and confidence. No more questions. Now is the time to act.
Nuri focused on Jaele’s mind. “Tell Vander to release us. We must hold hands and join with our complete essence.” She repeated those two sentences three more times. Reaching into her mind further and further until something “clicked” and she knew that she tapped into something.  
Nuri’s mood soared when she heard, “I hear you, Nuri. Talk to the others. I’ll do what I can to free you all from his hold.”
Nuri did just that as she felt strong and free—more so than ever before. She went from sister to sister and relayed the message, hoping also to convey some of her newfound strength and optimism.

Fifty-five
 
Esma listened to Jaele as she told The Book to reveal to her how to contact the ones beyond the Rift. Then she heard a voice calling to her from within her mind. A soft voice, calling her name. She tried to turn her head but was still in the grip of Vander.
Esma tried to hear what the voice was saying. The more she focused, the louder it became. It’s in my head. It’s Nuri! 
She listened and understood what she was explaining, but didn’t know how using her power while holding hands would do any good… She desperately wanted to grab Vander and stomp his brains out. Why didn’t I do that instead of running away?
Her fists tightened and her breathing increased as she tried to muscle her way out of the hold, but it was useless. Finally, she agreed to try Nuri’s plan.
Maybe the only way to fight magic was through magic. We get stronger together—Tillie proved that. So, if all they want me to do is hold hands and focus on each of my sisters’ location, sure. She didn’t understand how that would help, but she felt they had nothing to lose.

Fifty-six

Tillie listened to Jaele as she read from The Book. “The five sisters must join hands to bring forth the Rift. Only then is communication possible with those on the other side. With the Rift upon us, the one who wishes to communicate must stand in the center of the sisters and let it be known whom he wishes to contact.”
At that moment Tillie felt her body release from the hold of Vander. He yelled, “Bring forth the Rift!”
Tillie was ready to do what Nuri requested. She didn’t think it made any sense as she knew Vander would see her in the out-of-body form.
She reached out and held Esma and Queenie’s hands. The moment everyone physically connected, it felt like a freight train of emotions slammed into her. She tried to go into her ghostly state, but all the commotion made it difficult. Her mind kept flying to and from everyone else’s concerns and worries. It also amazed her that she was hearing her sisters’ thoughts. This must be what Nuri feels and hears all the time. No wonder she thought she was nuts.
“But now I know better,” Tillie heard Nuri say in her mind. 
“Cool, we’re, like, talking in our heads.”  
“Yeah, now we need to do our thing.” That sounded like Esma.
Tillie agreed, but knew it would be difficult. Sharing her mind with everyone else while all focused on different things… she couldn’t mentally get to where she needed to be. It felt like her mind was no longer her own, but part of a collective. 
Tillie squeezed the two hands she held so she could concentrate on where her physical body was. As she felt her hands, it gave her a compass to know where her conscious needed to be. The pressure that Queenie and Esma reacted to when she squeezed their hands gave her even more help. 
She finally accessed her ghostly form and allowed it to exit her body. At that moment, she understood what was happening. Her consciousness fused with her sisters—they were becoming one. 
Tillie then allowed her mind to stop focusing on herself and entered the collective. Once that happened, all five’s sisters’ ghosts left their bodies.

Fifty-seven

Queenie felt warmth throughout her body as she listened in her mind to her sisters. She was ecstatic that Nuri and Jaele had figured out what she tried to tell them in the room and had communicated the message to everyone else. Now she hoped she was right.
Her mind was becoming one with the group, and it alarmed her when her spirit left her body. She was both in her own physical body and in her celestial body.
Now for her to access her ability… This should be easy. She released her block on reading her sisters, and in a wave of wonder and knowledge, she gained a full understanding of her sisters’ auras as it entwined with her own. She saw each of them knowing everything about the others.
The singularity of the union seemed incomplete. Jaele had to possess an ability she hadn’t yet discovered. It was more than reading The Book, and more than being immune to Vander’s power. Jaele must be like our grandmother—to drain magic.
By thinking of this, all instantly understood the thought. Jaele had to touch Vander.

Fifty-eight

Jaele knew something was wrong. She had nothing to compare this feeling to—but it was as if they were being drained of power. Vander is sapping our collective magic! Was this his plan all along?
“It’s so intense!” Vander’s holler sounded thrilled.
“Touch him!” She heard as if she said it herself—if the word ‘self’ had any meaning anymore.
She knew what their grandmother said, as if she had experienced the conversation personally. She had the ability to drain magic from others. They all hoped Jaele could do the same.
She opened her eyes to get her bearings while in the union. Lights sparked and electrical currents flowed about the group and to Vander. He was levitating as he shouted, “The power is mine to control!”
Jaele knew if she released her sisters to touch Vander, it would break the link.
“Just do it! Before he becomes too powerful!”
Jaele let go of Esma and reached for Vander’s cloak. To her surprise, the connection to her sisters’ conscious was still there. Her out-of-body form took her place at the star’s point. She let go of Nuri and put both hands on Vander’s cloak, but nothing happened. He continued to rise toward the high ceiling. 
Jaele tried to hang onto the rough fabric, but eventually, her body weight became too great to hold on as she lifted off the ground. Her hand slipped, and she fell. He rose to where his bare feet were at her eye level as she stood up from the floor. 
She racked her brain for how to stop him. We’re feeding him, and what I’m doing is useless! Everyone is depending on me to not only stop him, but to save them. I’ve got to do something!
 In a last-ditch effort, she reached out and grabbed his feet. A race of energy flowed into her. That was it! I needed to make skin-on-skin contact! 
“It’s working!” her sisters exclaimed.
Above, Jaele noticed a thin light—or, rather, it appeared more like a bolt of lightning frozen in place and slowly growing. Another bolt flashed from the other and held its form. It grew over Vander’s head as he turned his face down to Jaele. 
“No! Release me, you fool!”
She tightened her grip. The flow of power was now dispersing throughout her sisters. “You are mine, Warlock Vander!” she heard herself say. It came from her mouth, but must have originated from the collective. 
“Celeste, kill the boy!” Vander was in a panic. Confidence had gone from his face and horror replaced it as his eyes bulged and bottom lip fluttered. “You will kill us all!” was his final plea and lie. 
The unmoving bolts of lightning exploded into a blinding light. Jaele shut her eyes, and Vander’s feet rose faster. She let go before lifting off her feet. When she opened her eyes, he and the light vanished.
The girls released hands, and their powers receded. Jaele looked around and wondered how he escaped. 
“He didn’t,” Nuri said. “The Rift took him.”
All the girls then focused on Vander’s wife. She hadn’t moved. She stood with her arms folded and wore a slight smile. 

Fifty-nine

Now what? Esma thought. Should I rush her?
Mrs. Vander walked up to the girls and said, “Congratulations, you have defeated that menace. Your country thanks you.”
“What the hell are you talking about, you crazy bitch?! You’re next!” Esma clenched her fists.
“Now that would be a colossal mistake.”
Esma ran at her and Mrs. Vander effortlessly twisted as she grabbed and threw Esma to the ground.
“Anyone else wants to try?” She waited a moment, and then said, “Good. As you may have guessed by now, I’m not who I’ve been claiming to be.”
“So, you’re not my adopted mother?” Nuri asked.
“I am technically, but…”
“You're not Vander’s wife?” Queenie asked.
“Again, technically I am, however…”
“And you’re not a bitch?” Esma said from the floor.
“Oh, I’m definitely that. What I mean to say is I’ve been working undercover for a government agency which, to you and everyone else, doesn’t exist.”
“Great, now we’re dealing with government conspiracies?” Tillie asked.
“You all have been dealing with Vander most of your young adult lives and most of you haven’t even known it. He’s orchestrated most of what you’ve been living with. From Jaele’s parents murdered, to Queenie’s job at the paper. If it was life-altering, then he most probably had a hand in it.”
“But you’re innocent of all the terrible things he and his minions did?” Queenie asked as more of an accusation.
“Yeah, you seemed down with his plans when you had me against a wall,” Tillie added.
“That was my cover. Just understand that the agency will be very interested in you five. They’ve been waiting for your entrance onto the paranormal scene.”
“What exactly does your agency specialize in?” Nuri asked.
“All things supernatural that may pose a threat to national security.”
“And Vander was a threat to national security?” Queenie asked.
“Once he could have you access the Rift, he believed that he could take all the energy from the Rift and you girls. It looked like he almost did it. He didn’t figure on Jaele being anything but a reader of The Book.”
“So, he never wanted to contact his former warlock friend?” Esma asked.
“No, he despised him. The best thing that ever happened to him was your mother banishing Manator to the rift. He captured your mother and tried to get all the information about the rift from her, but she resisted and ended up dead. The only thing Maxwell knew was that you five existed. When he discovered Nuri in the mental institute—he knew he had to have her. I convinced him to use legal means, and we married to make the adoption easier. 
“But enough of me and what I do. You girls need to stick together. More will come looking for you.”
Tillie said, “That’s fine with me, but what about you? An agent who goes after people like us? You’re just going to let us go on our own?”
“I’ll check in on you from time to time.” She went to a cabinet on a wall, removed a key, and tossed it to Nuri. “Check the trunk of the red Corvette. Consider it restitution for all you’ve been through. Try to stay out of sight and under the radar, and don’t become a threat, or you won’t like the next time we see each other. Now go, before this place is swarming with federal agents.” She gave Jaele a knife.
Jaele gave The Book to Queenie and took the knife. She went to Bryon and cut his restraints. He stared at them in a state of shock. The girls and Bryon went down to the first level and found a shiny red Corvette parked in the center of the room, right by the spiral staircase. Nuri opened the trunk and saw a briefcase. She opened it and found the case three-quarters full of neat bundles of hundred-dollar bills.
Tillie whistled and said, “Best payday ever!”
Jaele turned away. “Too bad it cost me my parents and Nuri a year in captivity.”
Queenie’s grip tightened on The Book. “At least we got our family’s book back. It really saved us in there about how to open the rift.”
“Actually, it didn’t help us at all,” Jaele replied. “All it revealed was that we already knew how to take down Vander. I made up what I pretended to read so he’d release you from his grip. I based everything on what Queenie said. The Book was useless in there.”
Nuri closed the briefcase, and they left the mill quietly. Esma, Queenie, and Tillie headed for Queenie’s car, and Jaele, Nuri, and Byron went to Jaele’s car.

Sixty

Two weeks later, the five sisters met up at Jaele’s home to help her decide what she wanted to keep before the bank took it over. Queenie had suggested to contact Mr. Johnson to look into her inheritance. He made a few calls and told Jaele that her parents had life insurance through their work worth a little over one million dollars. Their parents had no equity in the home as they took out a second mortgage. They had no stocks or retirement. They lived well beyond their means and were in crippling debt.  
Jaele planned a beautiful funeral and burial for her parents.
The sisters stayed together to support Jaele and help Nuri deal with living outside the walls of the mill. The ordeal of wake, funeral, and burial ended two days ago. 
Jaele’s uncle had come to Queenie’s home, where they all stayed until they could find an affordable apartment for the five of them. He demanded to speak with Jaele. He said he had some unfinished business with her. 
Esma handled it by telling him never to contact Jaele again, or she’ll hurt him. He pressed her on that, and she smashed his wrist with a crowbar and probably broke it.  
As far as living at Queenie’s, the girls knew they needed to find a place fast, as they were wearing out their welcome. Especially since Tillie’s eating habits equaled her sloppiness, and Jaele bossing Maddie around was causing its own troubles.  
The girls had been sleeping in the living room and though Queenie’s parents have been acting fairly nice about it—the girls were ready to start anew in their own place.
The money from the briefcase equaled a little over seventy thousand dollars. Against Tillie’s recommendations, they quickly opened bank accounts.
Jaele offered her parents’ insurance policy to go in the pot, but everyone agreed it was for her and her alone. So, she put the money in a savings account until she figured out what to do with it seeing as she decided to not go to college in the fall. Instead, she wanted to find out what having four sisters would be like.
Now as they scoured Jaele’s home for things she’d like to keep and things they could use in their new apartment, like pots, pans, the washer and dryer, and the most important part of a new place, according to Tillie—the coffee maker.
She made a pot as the girls were hard at work. When they finished, they sat in Jaele’s kitchen for the last time. To get Jaele’s mind off the nostalgia, Esma asked Queenie, “Did you ever talk with that cop that wanted to date me?”
“Yeah, I keep putting it off. With all that’s been going on, I can’t think of that right now. He’s been understanding.”
“Does he know you’re not me?” 
“Not exactly.” Then Queenie changed the subject, “I think I’ve figured out what we can do to make a living.”
“Come on! Give us at least another week before putting us all to work!” Tillie reeled. 
“I’ve been thinking a lot about that too,” Nuri added. “As we’re gypsies, maybe we can do stuff like fortune telling. We could use our powers to figure out what people want to hear.”
“Yeah, and we could join the traveling circus and become highfalutin’ carnies,” Esma said. “Sorry, but no.”
“Like I said,” Tillie continued, “I don’t want to get right back to the nine-to-five, but if we do, we should consider photography. I talked to my guy, and he said quintuplets could make some serious money.”
“And what?” Queenie laughed. “Play dead in some murder scene for freaks that are into that?” 
Esma asked, “Yeah, what is that anyway, Tillie?”
Tillie put her coffee cup down and sat up straight and proudly said, “I’m a necrophile.”
“You like to have sex with dead people?” Nuri asked as the rest of the room went silent and Jaele tapped her mouth with her fingers, a little frightened to hear her answer.
“That’s a necrophiliac. A necrophile prefers the company of the dead. Like going to cemeteries, dressing in black or goth, and playing dead, like I do in my photographs.”
Queenie perked up. “I think I understand that. I used to write about the dead and the lives they lived. I loved to clean and maintain historical cemeteries all over the Blackstone Valley. I know it sounds weird, but I feel a kind of comfort in learning about the dead. It’s like I knew them. I enjoy being around their graves.”
Nuri tilted her head. “I have an addiction to slasher films. Vander bought me any movies I asked for when I first became his adopted daughter. I had a mass collection of horror films from the seventies and eighties. Sometimes I’d fast-forward past the lame story parts to get to the kill scenes.”
Esma raised her hand. “I killed my foster father.”
Nuri said, “Yeah, we read you with Queenie’s ability.”
“About that,” Esma said. “Why don’t I know everything about you guys? I know the terrible things that happened to you, but not things like what we’re talking about.”
“With all that was happening with our combined powers and minds,” Queenie answered, “you only saw the most extreme emotional moments of our lives. Even when I read you, Esma, the first things I saw were the killing and what that bastard did to you.”
“You guys are officially weird.” Jaele stood and put her hands on her hips. “You are all obsessed with death. I mean, sure, I like the typical mass murder flick as much as the next gal, and cemeteries are a nice, relaxing place to visit, but I don’t wear bloody shirts and pretend to get hacked up.”
Tillie defended herself. “Hey, don’t knock it ‘til you’ve tried it!”
Esma looked to Queenie. “I think we’ve just found the first non-magical thing we have in common other than the biological stuff. Can’t we do something with that?”
“I will not be an undertaker,” Jaele said. “I’m way too pretty. Can’t we do something like what Queenie’s sister does? Only with video?”
“That’s what I was going to suggest,” Queenie stood. “Only, I was talking about being reporters for a paper or website. We could check out paranormal stuff. I mean real supernatural things. With our abilities, we’d be perfect for that.”
It was quiet. Each thought about what Queenie said. 
“A vlog!” Jaele blurted. “We could have a video blog where we do what Queenie just said. Bryon knows about that stuff.”
“You mean your cute friend strapped to the beam in Vander's place?” Nuri asked.
“Yeah. I could be the one who does the talking. I could totally do that!” 
“You mean the anchor?” Queenie said. “That would work. The rest of us could, like, go into places and report about what we see. Like those guys who check out haunted houses.”
“Ghost Hunters!” They all yelled.
“But online,” Esma said.
“We need a name for the thing!” Tillie was getting excited.
“And an image,” Jaele added. “We need to look sexy, but serious about what we’re doing.”
“I’m not wearing a suit,” Esma said.
“No, I was thinking, like, goth style,” Jaele said.
Tillie jumped and surprised everyone with something none of them remembered her ever doing—she smiled. “That’s perfect! There are so many styles you guys can choose from. Queenie likes history, so she could be Victorian goth. Esma’s a badass, so she could do like a post-apocalyptic goth with torn, tough looking clothes and stuff. Here, I’ll show you. Queenie, give me your phone.”
She did, and Tillie brought up a bunch of goth styles. “This will be great!” 
“And we could name it something dark and mysterious, like ‘The Reapers,’” Esma suggested.
“Nope, overused. Anything dealing with the Grim Reaper or the Black Plague is so overdone,” Tillie said. “Believe me on this. If you’re going to appeal to goths, you’ll need something original.”
“Kind of ironic that goths like old dead things, but to attract them, we need something new,” Nuri pointed out.
“Who says we need to play to the goth base?” Jaele asked. “We just need to look sexy and like we belong checking out haunted houses.”
The argument continued as night fell. Tillie acted as the resident expert on goth names.
“Ladies of the Night?”
“No,” Tillie answered.
“Darkness?”
“That was the nightclub I worked at.”
“Blackness?”
“No, and could be racist.”
“Grave Girls?”
“Sounds like a band.”
Tillie made a suggestion. “With five of us, we could be the Pentuplets instead of quintuplets. You know, like a pentagram.”
Esma said, “Yeah, we could all wear pentagrams and other witchcraft things.”
“No freaking way!” Queenie grabbed her cross necklace. “I may not be the most religious person, but I’m not doing anything sacrilegious.”   
“But you’ll hunt ghosts?” Tillie asked.
“There are no such things as ghosts. It’s all auras left by people.”
“Guess we know who the skeptic will be,” Jaele said.
They continued until the ‘bewitching hour of midnight,’ which Tillie shot down before anyone could suggest it. Queenie rubbed her eyes before saying, “Your hair is purple. That’s my favorite color.”
Each sister said one after the other, “That’s mine too.”
Queenie then shot up with eyes wide. “I got it. It’s a real thing, too! A lot of people died from it in the early nineteen hundreds. Some called it by its popular name, The Spanish Flu, but others called it after the color it left its victims—‘The Purple Death.’”
“I like it,” Tillie said. “I’d like it more if it was The Purple Plague.”

From the Author

Thank you for reading my novel. I hope you enjoyed it. A review would be much appreciated. If you’re interested in reading more of my writings please look at my author’s page. There you’ll see my completed series called The Surviving Young where it’s the teenagers and younger children who survive the zombie apocalypse.
When I release a new eBook it will be discounted for a short time at 99 cents before the more expensive price is advertised. Sign up to my Reader’s Club and take advantage of the lower price and be the first to hear of other special offers. You will also receive a couple of short stories that take place in The Surviving Young Series. Sign up by clicking here—Levi Doone’s Reader’s Club 


