ETERNAL LIGHT
A Hound Series Novel

By
LAYLA OMOROSE

SMASHWORDS EDITION

PUBLISHED BY:
Layla Omorose on 
Smashwords

Eternal Light
A Hound Series Novel
Copyright © 2014 by Layla Omorose

Smashwords Edition, License Note
Thank you for downloading this eBook. This eBook remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.

This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons, living or dead, or places, events or locales is purely coincidental. The characters are productions of the author’s imagination and used fictitiously.
Contents
GLOSSARY
CHAPTER 1
CHAPTER 2
CHAPTER 3
CHAPTER 4
CHAPTER 5
CHAPTER 6
CHAPTER 7
CHAPTER 8
CHAPTER 9
CHAPTER 10
CHAPTER 11
CHAPTER 12
CHAPTER 13
CHAPTER 14
CHAPTER 15
CHAPTER 16
CHAPTER 17
CHAPTER 18
CHPATER 19
CHAPTER 20
CHAPTER 21
CHAPTER 22
CHAPTER 23
CHAPTER 24
CHAPTER 25
CHAPTER 26
CHAPTER 27
CHAPTER 28
CHAPTER 29
CHAPTER 30
CHAPTER 31
CHAPTER 32
CHAPTER 33
CHAPTER 34
COMING SOON
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
Glossary

Terms:

Abyssinian Dragger: a Minori Weapon used by the Great Beast of Rage and Hatred. This deadly and beautifully crafted item serves as a power draining weapon and as the key to Iraon’s cage.

Beast: the word used when mentioning one of the Trio in their true form, or a general reference to those of the Trio.

Cerberus: often referred to as three headed dogs that guard the gates of the Underworld, these creatures are beautiful and powerful. Once they roamed free and proud. Their downfall came with the fall of their queen and the enslavement of their race.

Devils: evil creatures that live in the pits of the Underworld. They are often disfigured and brutally vicious to those they view weaker than them. Yet, they are used by those more powerful to fulfill their wicked desires.

Dreamscape: also known as the Dream Realm.

Hound: the word used when mentioning one of the Hounds of Trinity in their true form, or a general reference to those of the Trinity.

Hounds of Trinity: also known as Trinity Hounds are birthed from the Universe of Light Bion and his two mates. Blessed with power from Alrik, the Supreme Ruler of Light, they are able to command and control: Light, Fire, and Earth, in order to maintain the balance of power in Alrik and Gazini’s fight for power. Identifiable by their distinct markings, they are the most powerful lines of defense against, The Trio.

Minori Weapons: weapons that can only be used by the members of the Trio.

Oblivion: a place between realms where the Universes, Lifestream, and Radien live.

Trinity Mark: the distinctive marking of a Trinity Hound or Trinitymate.

Trinitymate: mates to the Hounds of Trinity, these three sisters are blessed by the Lifestream, Alur with the power to control the same elements as their pre-destined mate. Created to be the companions to the hounds, their birthmarks are similar to that of their destined mate.

The Trio: also known as The Three Great Beasts are birthed and created by, Gazini in order to fulfill his conquest for power, during his imprisonment. Able to feed off the hate, greed, and lust of the world, their powers are constantly being fed. Gifted with dark and powerful weapons, they are capable of drawing out power from any being they come in contact with.

Supreme Beings: beings believed to be the creators of light and dark. Good and evil.

The Underworld: the kingdom of the dead, which is ruled over by the God of the Underworld, Hades.

Universes: beings created by both Alrik and Gazini. Light, Death, and Dreams, they are tasked with managing the worlds around them and making sure the balance between good and evil remain intact. However, with the awakening of the Trio and darkness looming over the human world, they can no longer remain impassive.

Characters:

Adien: as the Trinity Hound of Earth and the youngest of three, he is one with nature and the world around him. The offspring of the Universe of Light and a mother he never truly met, he is the most agile of the three. A womanizer, whose pain a rooted deep in his heart, he has distanced himself from his family and drowns his sorrows with woman and alcohol. His trinity mark is a twisting tree, whose branches reach the tip of his nipples and the roots extend into the waist line of his pants. In his hound form he is a gorgeous Cerberus covered in a unique color of brown fur with piercing emerald green eyes.

Aaron Sonders: also known to those closest to her as Aari, she is the Trinitymate of Fire and the oldest of three.

Alrik: the Supreme Ruler of Light and the creator of the Hounds of Trinity.

Alur: having no true physical form, she is the blue green light that stretches across the skies of Oblivion. She is the one who blessed the Trinitymates with their power.

Anima: the first Hound Queen and Radien’s mother.

Aprophis: the first devil to be summoned and used by Iraon. He is the stuff nightmares are made out of.

Azuzela: as member of the Trio, she feeds off of the base desires of the humans around her. Her cage is hidden deep within the depths of the Underworld.

Bion: the Universe of Light and father of Radien, Jaden, and Adien, he has been assigned by Alrik to prevent the release of the Trio.

Gazini: the Dark Lord and Ruler of Darkness, he is the creator of the Trio.

Hades: the God of the Underworld.

Harmony Sonders: also known to those closest to her as Harm, she is the Trinitymate of Earth and the second oldest of three.

Iraon: as the Great Beast of Rage and Hatred and a member of the Trio, he feeds off the dark and negative emotions of those around him. Fueled by his own ambitions for the human world, he seeks not only to free himself from his prison, bit to free his fellow comrades as well. Armed with has daggers, he seeks blood and carnage.

Ividian: as another member of the Trio, he devours the greedy nature of humans. His powers are fueled by their need for power, riches and fame. The location his cage is yet to be revealed.

Jaden: as the Trinity Hound of Fire and the second eldest of three, he is able to summon and control the unstable element of fire. Offspring to the Universe of Light and a mother he barely remembers, his temper is as temperamental as the element he controls. Yet, he is often the level headed one out of his brothers. His trinity mark is an elaborate creation of flames that stretches across the left side of his chest and over his shoulder.

Kelly: Melody’s best friend.

Melody Sonders: also known to those closest to her as Mel, she is the Trinitymate of Light and the youngest of three. She is the owner of her own company. Her trinity mark covers her shoulder with a similar intricate mark as her mate’s.

Persephone: Queen of the Underworld, wife to Hades.

Rasi: the Universe of Dreams, he has been tasked with monitoring the dream world and keeping human souls safe while they sleep.

Radien: as the Trinity Hound of Light and the eldest of three, he is able to control and manipulate the life energy around him. Birthed from the Queen of the Hounds and the Universe of Light, he is the strongest of the Trinity. His trinity mark is an intricate birthmark, consisting of sharp points and his trinity symbol resting in the center of his back, covers his entire back. In his hound form he is a massive sized Cerberus.

Sofaria: one of the Cerberus family, she is a hound of darkness that is mated to a devil, but it is love with a human woman.

Thana: the Universe of Death, she is as deceptive by nature and relishes the suffering of others.

Zeus: the king of the gods.
Chapter 1

Radien walked through the darkness of Oblivion. It was here he had spent the last few centuries. This was the one place that provided him with peace and time away from his thoughts; from the constant reminder of his brothers’ hatred. Even after all this time, they could not bear the sight of each other.
Oblivion had seemed like a good place to come at first, but he had only grown lonelier. Granted, he had the companionship of his father and others, it still wasn’t the same. He longed for someone who would be waiting for him when he returned to his bedroom, ready and willing to save him from his solitude.
There had been one woman. No, it was a goddess, who had stolen his heart at one point in time. But she was long gone. He could still see her face when he closed his eyes. Even after all that had happened between them, she was still engraved in his memory.
It is time for you to let the whore of a goddess go. He had told himself that over and over again. Why did he still long for her? Want her? He didn’t know. He had loved her; a love that had cost him everything. He had given up everything for her and for what? What did she do? She had left him when he needed her most.
He could still remember that moment clearly. He had been battling The Great Beast of Rage and Hatred, in a fight that nearly cost him his life. They had battled for what seemed like hours, neither one wanting the other to win. Ultimately, it had been Radien who won, while the beast was sent back to its cage. The fight with the beast had caused him to drain himself of his powers. He had never been drained of his powers to the point of feeling so weak. Weakness was a feeling he had only experienced once in his long lifetime.
Falling to the ground, battered and bloodied, he had seen her watching him from across the distance. Somehow he managed to crawl his way over to her. In pain, he needed to feel her touch. The hound in him needed her to soothe him. Her love would empower him.
Did she do any of that? No, she didn’t. Instead, she had left him reaching for her. Calling her name over and over until his voice was gone. Humiliated, by the one he loved.
Radien walked for what seemed like hours in the never ending darkness. He wanted to hate her, but for lack of better judgment he couldn’t. For all the power he has, she was the one thing he couldn't let go. Before he knew it, she had tamed him. For that he would forever hate himself. Too weak and needy to loath the one thing that brought him pain.
How foolish I was.
He would never again allow a woman to have him. At least that's what he told himself as he flashed himself to the other side of Oblivion to his bed chambers. Head throbbing, he needed to rest. He couldn’t remember the last time he had slept. It had been days if not weeks.
Something was wrong. Something dark and evil was coming. He could feel it. It radiated in his bones, but he couldn’t tell where it would come from or when it would hit. It was something he would have to worry about later. Right now, his energy was depleted, and sleep was calling for him. He would have sworn it was a special melody just for his ears.
Stripping himself of his clothing, he stretched out across his bed. He didn’t fight sleep as it came to him the moment he laid his head on the bed. He fell into a deep sleep, a sleep that would forever change his fate.

Melody Sonders, at the tender age of 25, prided herself on her work. She was one of the youngest publishers around. She had worked long and hard to get her business to where it was today. Trinity Publishing was one of the world’s foremost accomplished companies. With more than five hundred authors under contract with her and her company, she dominated her field.
Any and everyone wanted what she had. Owning a beautiful two story house, she never had to worry about money. She went from having nothing to following her dreams and having more that she could have ever imagined. She made enough money to take care of herself and pay for another home where her estranged mother lived.
She should be enjoying her youth and success. She should be traveling to other countries without having business to handle when she got there. She should be taking trips to exotic islands or sailing on a ship around the world… She should be doing something other than what she was doing right now.
Instead of enjoying herself, she sat in her office with her head in her hands hurt, and betrayed. She never thought she would feel like this, she had prided herself on her control and coldness. Now that was stripped from her along with her heart. With her office door locked, she wept, wanting privacy for the pain she now suffered.
“Damn you Craig.” She sobbed.
How could this have happened to her? She was supposed to have every aspect of her life under her control, but somewhere along the line she became caught up with love. She had given love all she had and how did it repay her. It lied and betrayed her; it left her blinded and vulnerable.
It was her fault though. She should have known he was too good to be true. NO man was that understanding and generous as to why their woman was never home. Early on in their relationship, Craig had started out loving and caring. Standing behind her and comforting her when she needed it most, never pressuring her for anything.
God, I’m so stupid. How could I not have known? She had become dependent on him for that support. Then he turned around and crushed her. Dogging her out and feeling no remorse about it. After everything she did for him, he just up and left her.
“Why… why… what am I going to do now?”
Just as those words left her mouth, she raised her head from the table. Had she really just said that? What was she going to do? Did those words really just leave her lips? No longer mad at Craig, she became frustrated with herself.
What the hell am I talking about? Melody thought as she took a look around her office. She looked at the awards that covered her wall, her eyes roaming over the awards and plaques that lined her bookshelf. All of which acknowledge her achievements. Achievements she had made on her own. She didn’t build her life or company with the help of a man. She had stood alone when people ridiculed her and laughed at her ideas. There was no one there to offer some comfort during the hard times. She had lived most of her life without a man and she refused to let one come in now and take her world away from her. She had obligations to attend to.
She was alive when she met Craig, and she would live better without him.
Wiping the tears from her eyes, she pushed her leather chair back and she went to unlock her office door. Once the door was unlocked, she walked over to her windows. Standing floor to ceiling, they gave a beautiful view of the city skyline. As she opened the nearest window, she let the spring time air wrap about her body. It was like a sensual caress that relaxed her… a little.
Taking a deep breath, she let the smell of rain water fill her nose, vowing to herself that no man would ever have access to her heart again. She would rather be alone, than with someone who would make her feel less than what she was.
Yet, as she stared out at the sky watching the clouds move, blocking out the sun, she couldn’t stop herself from replaying the last few days in her mind. The way Craig had treated her had been low and disrespectful. She had been more than a good woman to him.
And to think I had wanted to marry him. She gave a bitter laugh. She wanted to slap herself.
With a sigh, she walked away from the window, leaving it open so she could feel the air in her office. Walking over to her favorite leather sofa, she laid down. A quick nap was just what she needed in order to get herself together. She had an important meeting in a few hours and needed to be fully awake. With her arm resting above her head, the other across her stomach, she closed her eyes and forced herself to rest. It took a few moments but eventually she drifted off into a deep sleep, to a place where she was free from pain and hurt…

She walked along the sandy beach as the ocean air danced around her. Stopping at the shoreline, she stared out at the clear moonlit water. She stood barefoot in the sand. Curling her toes, she let the sand tickle her feet.
She looked out into the water. It was clear and calm. The sky was as black as night, and she could see the stars clearly as they sparkled in the sky. The moon was full and reflected in the water, dancing on its surface. Everything around her was clear, calm, and perfect, everything in its place, so much different from her real life.
Sighing, Melody walked to where the small waves kissed the sand, her footprints vanishing with the tide. She wished she could make the pain in her heart just vanish. As the ocean waves massaged her feet, it was as if the ocean could feel her pain and wanted to welcome her into its comforting arms.
She loved the water, especially the ocean. It electrified her, sparked life into her. Even with just her toes in the water, she could feel little tingling shocks roaming through her body. She walked into the water until it rose to her chest. The water kissed her nipples as it glided over her body. She moved her arms in the water, watching the waves ripple with her movement.

Radien watched her in the water. She was beautiful as the moonlight played on her skin. He had been watching her since she had appeared along the shore's edge. He thought she had been lovely before, but now with her damp hair curling around her face, it stole the breath from his chest.
But it wasn’t just her beauty that had captured him. Rather, it was the pain that he could feel radiating from her. He couldn’t explain why he wanted to pull her to his chest and feel her breath against his skin.
He watched as she dove underwater. Curious as to what she was doing, he flashed himself to the shore's edge. He stared at the water with his arms folded across his chest. With the vision of his breed, he could clearly see her swimming under the surface of the water. Reminding him of a mermaid, beautiful and graceful, as his eyes followed her every movement. Even as she resurfaced his gaze remained fixated on her.
Glad her back was to him, he let his greedy eyes roam the shape of the backside of her body. The black dress she had worn used to sway with the movements of her full hips. Now the dress clung to her, giving the perfect outline of her curved body. As if the dress never wanted to be separated from her lush, delectable body.
He could understand that feeling.
“My, you are beautiful.” He couldn’t resist the urge to talk to her, to hear her voice, knowing it would sound as beautiful as she looked...

Melody spun around. Expecting to see someone standing behind her, but there was no one, nothing but the wind blowing across her face.
Ok, Mel, you are hearing things. Deciding that her imagination was playing tricks on her, she turned back around.
“Why are you hurting? Someone as beautiful as you should never shed a tear.” His voice caressed her ear. Slowly she turned around and gaped at the huge figure standing behind her on the shoreline.
He was huge, well over 6ft tall. Her eyes roamed from his thick muscled legs, up his chiseled stomach to his broad shoulders. When she went to look at his face, it was shadowed from her. All she could see was the glowing of his white eyes. At least she thought they were white. His intense stare made her uncomfortable, yet at the same time, sent shivers down her spine.
“Who are you?” She asked her dream stranger. He remained silent.
She wondered how he‘d gotten into her dream. Since she was a little girl, she had been dreaming of this beach. Coming back to the same beach, in 25 years nothing had changed. Until now… now, there was this enormous man standing in front of her asking a very personal question. She should have told him to leave, to just poof back to where he came from, but as she looked at him, she found herself wanting to keep him with her.
“Why are you hurting?” God, that voice of his was sexy. Low and deep, it came from a place deep within his chest. She wished she could see his face fully, and yet somehow it didn’t matter if she did or didn’t.
When she didn’t respond, he asked her again. “What makes you hurt like this?” He walked into the water, causing small shocks of pleasure to go through her. Still, with him getting closer to her, she couldn’t see his face. Only his eyes, it was as if he was an apparition.
No, he was the man of her dreams. He had no face because she knew in the world she lived in, he didn’t exist. He was the one man who could never hurt her.
“Will you swim with me?” She asked him as he approached her. Even in the water, he seemed to overpower her. She wanted him… no needed him in the water with her. It seemed only right.
“Please… will you?” She asked again. She watched as he narrowed his eyes. She didn’t need to see his face to know that he was frowning at her.
How stupid was she, wanting some shadow of a figure to swim with her.
“You never have to beg with me, beauty. I will do whatever you want me to do.”
She smiled up at him as he finally reached her. “Come.” She stepped back, turned her back to him, and dove back underwater.

Radien watched her for a moment; her smile had left him momentarily paralyzed. He heard all her thoughts just then. Little did she know that he was just as real as she was. As she moved through the water, the underwater waves glided against her skin. Like a lover's caress.
Smiling that he had made her happy, he dove in the water after her. Joining her, the water between them became electrified. She captivated him, making him wish he felt this complete in the real world…
They lay on the beach letting the small waves glide into their bodies. He watched her sleep in the cradle of his arms. She looked peaceful and rested. She was perfect for him. If he didn’t know the dream nymphs personally, he would have sworn she was one of them. Either way it wouldn’t have mattered to him, his loneliness was gone for the moment and that was good enough for him.

When Melody awoke, she felt refreshed and relaxed. Her body was no longer tense and her headache was gone. With her dream still fresh in her mind, she stretched her body. As the dark and deep voice of her mystery man played in her mind, she could still feel his electric touch against her skin. Shaking her head clear she glanced at the clock that sat at the corner of her desk. 
2:45pm. “Damn it.” She was fifteen minutes late to her meeting. Jumping to her feet, she grabbed the file folder from her desk. She rushed out her office towards the meeting room, praying her clients hadn’t left.
“Are they still in there?” She asked as she approached one of her assistant’s desks.
“Yes, Ms. Sonders. They are still waiting for you.” The woman replied from behind a pair of thick framed glasses.
Thanking the older woman, Melody continued her walk down the long hallway, towards the huge glass doors of the conference room. She stopped and smoothed the front of the navy blue suit. Once she was sure she looked professional she resumed her stride, forcing a smile on her face as she pushed the doors open.
“Good afternoon, gentlemen…” She greeted the men in the room as their eyes fixed on her. “I apologize for the wait. I was held up by other business matters.” She spoke as she walked into the room. Rounding the large mahogany office table, she took her seat at the head of the table.
“Please, sit, and let us begin.” She motioned for them to take their seats.
“Ms. Sonders, it’s always a pleasure to see you.” Ted Jefferson, the executive VP of her company said to her as he took his seat on the right side of her. She gave him a smile of acknowledgement as the rest of the men settled into their seats.
As she waited for everyone to settle down, she looked around the table. This was what she loved the most about her job. She was the boss and the power that her position held gave her sudden rush, while she took in the faces of the men in the room. Some of which she had known since her company first started, others would be joining her soon. To her right was Ted Jefferson, the VP of the company. He had been with her the longest and was the one she trusted most with her business, should anything ever happen to her. Next to him was Donnie Jones, the senior advertising VP of the company, and to her left sat Ronald Peters, a smooth talking attorney, with his twin clients, Alain and James Pitchblack. The two newest additions to her company if the meeting went the way she wanted.
“Let's get started, shall we.” Opening the folder she had with her, Melody spread its contents over the table in front of her. She turned her attention to the twins. “This is the contract my company and I are prepared to offer.” She passed the folder over to their attorney.
She continued to speak in her strong, confident tone as he read over the contract. “We, meaning Trinity Publishing House, are prepared to pay you $50,000 for a three book contract over the next year and a half. Each book will be released within a few months of each other depending on their popularity. Some might be released earlier. Delivery and publishing dates will vary depending on sales. Because your independent works have sold amazingly well, and you seem to be able to get your work to your readers in a timely manner, this deadline shouldn’t be a problem for you,” she paused as Peters closed the folder. When the twins didn’t respond Melody continued.
“Once, Alain and James, have viewed and signed this agreement, they will be responsible for delivering one copy of the final manuscript to my team within the next few weeks. The manuscript will then be reviewed by my editors, and I, of course, to make sure its content and form is satisfactory to the standards of the company. In addition the Authors will need to provide an additional copy of the manuscript via flash drives or any other external hard drive. If in any way the terms and conditions of this agreement are breached, Trinity Publishing reserves all rights to terminate the agreement. As for payment, I do things a little differently; you will be given an account through the company and will receive half of the money deposited into the account when the first book is released and on book stands. The second half will be received when the last book has been completed and on book stands. For royalties, the company gains 20-30 percent of the royalties. The rest will be distributed to the authors.” She gestured towards the two men on her right. “Lastly, Donnie will handle the layout, style, promotion and advertisement of the books. Of course, the Authors will be asked their opinion on layout of cover designs and print style, while Ted will handle all of the paperwork and your account information.” She waited for a response.
“Ms. Sonders your proposal is most impressive. But $50,000 is a lot of money, especially with the market looking the way that it is and with them being new authors for the mainstream, well, I am sure you can see my concern” Ronald flipped through the pages of the document. “You do indeed do things differently. This agreement states that if my clients fail to produce bestsellers or the number of books stated in this agreement, the responsibility of repaying the company for its losses falls to my clients. That’s a little harsh, don’t you think? Especially since there is no guarantee that their works will reach the number of sales you are expecting.”
“Mr. Peters, I understand your concern. It is well placed. But as you can see, I don’t do things the regular way. We’ve known each other for a long time now and as you well know I have never let you down. I have never published anything less than a national bestseller. That is why I put so much into my authors.” She held his gaze.
Before he spoke again, he considered her for a moment, “I have to consult with my clients. Please give us a moment.”
She inclined her head as he turned to speak with the two young authors.
“Are you crazy? We would be stupid to turn this down…”Alain spoke.
“This could be our big break.” James continued.
They talked amongst themselves while Melody gave Ted and Donnie an assured look.
“Very well,” Ronald turned his attention back to Melody. “Ms. Sonders, we are all aboard.”
Perfect.
“Welcome to Trinity Publishing gentlemen, I am sure you will like your new home here with us.” She smiled politely as they signed the contract. “Now if you will excuse me” pushing her seat back, she stood from the table. “I have a few loose ends to tie up.” She extended her hand out to her newest authors and their lawyer. “It was a pleasure meeting you. You two are very talented and I look forward to working with you.”
They beamed at her as they shook her hand. 
“Ted, Donnie. You can take it from here.” She spoke as she headed towards the glass doors.
Once she was through the doors, she relaxed. Now that the most important event of the day was out of the way, she could breathe a little easier. As she started down the hallway, she heard heavy male footsteps behind her.
Sighing, she didn’t have to turn around to know that Ronald Peters had followed her out the office. She had seen the desire in his eyes as she had spoken to him about his clients. It seemed he couldn’t keep his eyes from roaming to her covered breast.
“Ms. Sonders.” He called and she turned to face him.
He was a few paces away from her so she watched and waited as he approached her. She had to admit he was a good looking man. Smart too. His face was that of a young man, smooth skin, high cheek bones and soft features that didn’t make him look a day over 25, when in fact he was in his late 30’s. His eyes were a deep brown that was complimented by his mocha complexion. Under the paint striped suit he wore, she could tell he had a well sculpted body.
“Ms. Sonders. I must admit that I am impressed with your confidence in my clients.” He smiled at her.
“Yes, well, I know quality when I see it.”
“Yes,” he paused. “I also know quality when I see it.”
She didn’t realize how close he was to her until she felt his hand caress the side of her face.
On any other day she would have welcomed a handsome man’s come on. Maybe even accept the date offer she was sure was playing on the edge of his lips. But now, after the past few days, months even, she didn’t want to deal with it. Not to mention her dream was still playing havoc on her senses. His dark scent and electric remained engraved in her senses.
“Mr. Peters-”
 “Ronald.” Cutting her off, his gaze focused on her face.
“Yes. Well, Ronald, I would like to keep the relationship between us professional,” her tone was polite and emotionless as she stepped away from his touch.
Not used to a woman’s rejection, Peters could do nothing but stare blankly at Melody.
“I didn’t mean to impose.” He finally said. “It was a pleasure seeing you again Ms. Sonders.”  He smiled before making hasty steps back towards the conference room.
Taking a deep breath Melody started back towards her office. Her day was half though, in a few more hours she could go home, climb into her bed and put an end to a long day.
Chapter 2

Darkness… the screams of tortured souls could be heard throughout the deepest parts of the Underworld. A place where the world’s most evil of creatures was punished. Not that the beast that was caged down there minded. No, in fact, he loved and relished it. The agony that radiated from their screams was music to his ears. He didn’t mind the darkness, rather he embraced it, wrapped it around his huge form like a second skin. Nothing pleased him more than their screams… well, almost nothing. However, if he weren't caged in this retched cell he would have enjoyed the screams a lot more. It was a cage, he had spent more than enough time in, a prison, he had grown quite tired of.
He growled low in his throats, the sound vibrating through the darkness, as the faces of the males that put him here flashed into his mind. Not that he would forget them; their faces were engraved into his memory. They were the faces that he was going to enjoy tearing the flesh off of.
Evil grins spreading across his snouts, as the tips of his fangs shined bright in the darkness.
Yes. He was enjoying the thought of gutting and hacking them into pieces, right in front of their loved ones. His mouths watered in anticipation. He already could see their blood splattered on the walls, coating the floors.
Oh yes. He planned on covering the earth’s surface in blood, coating the land in rivers of crimson red. The agony and pain he would cause, the hate and the rage that would bloom, turning men against men, husbands against wives, mothers against their children. Their rage would feed him and strengthen his powers.
He would not fail his creator again.
He could see it now. He had his plan and with a little help it had been set in motion; first step getting him out this prison.
Where is that damn creature? He thought as he sat in the far corner of his cage. He was seriously growing impatient with all the waiting.
A second later he felt the creature’s presence the moment it entered the Underworld. He slowly transformed into his second form before the creature could fully appear and see him, turning into a thick black fog making the cage appear as if nothing was held in it.
Through his misted form, he watched the creature solidify a few feet away from the living bars of the cage. Red eyes glowed like inferring beams, illuminating the darkness in bright a red light.
If he had been in his solid form, he would have scowled or vomited from the sight and smell of the creature. Never had he seen or smelt something like the creature standing before him, and he had seen some disgusting things, half of which he had caused back when he wasn’t in a cage.
“Great Beast,” the hideous creature hissed as it approached the cage.
“Creature,” his voice echoed through the thick mist. “Do you know why you were freed?”
The creature nodded, standing in front of the cage. “Yes.”
“Good… very good. So you know what has to be done?”
Again the creature nodded, with each movement, its awful smell blended in with the air around them.
“Kill all that oppose and stand in your way, but make sure she remains alive until you have completed your mission,” a crooked grin spreading across the creature's face at the thought of killing innocents. Contorting its facial features worse than what they already were.
 “Now, show me the weapon.” He demanded.
The creature held out its slime covered hand. The weapon materialized, hovering above its palm.
Satisfied that the creature hadn’t covered his prized weapon in disgusting slime, he once again could feel his freedom within his grasp. “Good. Now go and do what you were freed to do.”
Bowing its disgustingly contorted body, it vanished from his sight. Leaving its smell to linger behind, it was a smell he was never going to get out of his nose.
The moment the creature was gone, he felt the swift change of power in the air. A power he had grown accustomed to after all this time. A power he craved to possess again.
“Let's hope it doesn’t get killed before you are free.”
“Yes. Let’s hope the disgusting thing can be trusted.” He responded as the mist slowly solidified back into his true form.
“If it fails, we can simply kill it… if it hasn’t already been killed. I can always find another one.”
“Indeed.” He hoped they weren't anything like the thing that had just left his sight. As evil as he was, he wasn’t sure he could stand the sight of any more of those things.
“You will be free soon.”
Yes, he would. He could taste his freedom. Revenge was within his grasp; soon he would take his vengeance against those he hated. Then he would free his creator and cover the world in darkness. He and his brethren would be free to roam the world, free from their prisons. In the wake of their freedom, they would leave a trail of destruction and chaos behind them.
 Oh, how sweet it looked…

Radien was jerked awake from his sleep, only to open his eyes and realize he was in the throne room of Hades, the Lord of The Underworld, Greek ruler of the dead. Dragging his body to full standing position, Radien looked around the massive room. Everything about the space reminded him of death, everything was a black and a blood red color. In the distance, he could hear the screams of the souls that were being tortured.
They better have had a good reason for bringing me here. Radien thought angrily.  He wondered what could have the all-powerful, God of the Underworld, so shaken as to call the most powerful of creatures to his aid. Radien smiled at the thought of Hades being powerless, it was a pretty funny thing to see the keeper of the dead scared.
“I’m glad you find all this amusing.” Hades voice rang from his throne.
Slowly, Radien turned to look at the God as he sat in his throne with two beautiful women to his side. He knew the one to his right was the queen, Persephone, he could never forget her face, and on the left, was their bargaining chip, he assumed. She was a beauty, tall and lean with beautiful olive skin. Her long blonde hair was pulled back into a traditional bun with eyes that would make the most beautiful Egyptian woman envious.
“I am quite amused that you woke me up from my sleep in some feeble attempt to help you with you with your problem.” Radien took a step forward. “I can smell the fear on you.”
He paused and turned his attention to Persephone. “Hello, Persephone” Radien inclined his head, a mix of emotions beginning to flow through him. “It has been a while since I last saw you. I hardly recognized you with the scent of Hades all over you. How is it that you became his?” He couldn’t control the bit of spite that was in his voice as he spoke.
“She is mine because I wanted her to be mine mutt. So watch yourself.” Hades stood from his throne.
Radien laughed at Hades as he tried to look intimidating. “I have killed more powerful beings than you for much less. Be happy, I have had a good sleep and I’m in a somewhat good mood.”
A very good sleep, he thought. He felt he should have killed the god for waking him up from it. Instead of ripping Hades into pieces, he returned his attention to Persephone.
“Hello, Radien.” He noticed her fidget with her hands as she spoke. She looked anxious… and a bit flushed?  “It is a long story, one I will gladly tell you, but first I need your help.”
“Don’t you mean we need your help?” Radien arched his brow as he continued to walk forward. “Come Pes, come and tell me what happened that has you so scared that you called me.” Radien extended his hand once he stood in front of her, smiling when she didn’t hesitate to take his hand. It was clear to him who wore the pants in their relationship.
Hades watched in disbelief as his wife took the beast’s hand, blushing as he kissed her knuckles.
“I am not a beast you worthless god.”
Hades couldn’t speak. He can hear my thoughts. No one was ever to know the thoughts of a god.
“I can hear your thoughts if I want to.” Radien voice was full of disdain as he eyed the male. The temptation to kill the Greek was strong, but Persephone grabbed his hand, hooked her arm into his, and drew his attention back to her. As he allowed her to lead him towards the door, he noticed that her cheeks had flushed a deep red.
“You blush, why is that?” Radien whispered into her ear.
You are naked Radien, as much as I love my husband you are still quite a sight to look at. He heard her thoughts and let out a light chuckle. With the snap of his fingers, he was covered in a black robe.
“Better now.”
Yes.
“Come, and let us take a walk around your kingdom and tell me what is wrong…”
“My love, be careful.” Hades replied from his throne. He wanted to take the beast heads off, but thought better of it.
“Yes, think before you act, we wouldn’t want your love to be sad now would you” he turned his attention back to the goddess on his arm. “Now come, Pes, we have much to discuss and little time to do it.” He led her toward the double doors of the room.
“He will not hurt me Hades, right Radien?” She said as she glanced back at her husband. Radien shook his head yes and led Persephone through the open doors.
“Do not worry Pes, I will help you. But to be clear, I am not helping to save your husband. He could rot in Tartarus for all I care, but the creature must be brought back. I will not sit down and act like a pet for Hades and guard his gate.” He looked down at her as they walked away from the castle. She was beautiful as ever to him. It had been a long time since he last saw her, far too long if you asked him.
“Very well, how will you find him, when neither I nor Hades can?”
“You are not me and your powers are not enough. Even though I am impressed with the fact that Hades had the power to summon me. I wonder how he knew where to find me in the first place.” He gave a suspicious brow. But then again, he knew that Hades only reached him because his wife still had the means to find him.
Chapter 3

Melody tossed and turned in her bed for hours. The tingling in her shoulder had turned into a constant stinging. Now she lay in bed, staring at the ceiling.
It has to be one in the damn morning and I’m still not sleeping… like I don’t have to work tomorrow.
With a heavy sigh, she threw back her sheets and climbed out of her bed. Navigating her way through her dark house, she made her way to the kitchen. Opening the top cabinet, she grabbed a glass and filled it with water. With the glass in hand, she made her way back upstairs and into her bedroom. On the nightstand by her bed was aspirin for the throbbing headache that started to build in her temples from the stinging going through her body. She downed the aspirin in one gulp and climbed back into the bed. It took about ten minutes for her throbbing to ease enough where she could fall sleep…
She lay in his arms as the warm ocean breeze traveled over her body. His visits in her dreams had become constant lately. Not that she was complaining, she had grown attached to his warmth and the electricity that flowed through her veins every time he was near her.
Her fingers made little circles on his chest as his hand played with her hair. She loved the way he would stroke her hair, it made her want to purr in satisfaction.
“Do you have a family?” She heard herself ask.
A silly question. She told herself. Of course he didn’t have a family; he was something she created out of her own head. Yet, he seemed so real that the question poured out of her.
“Yes.” He replied. His eyes still closed.
“Are you close to them?” She couldn’t believe she was having this conversation.
“No...” He took a deep breath. “My brothers and I do not speak to each other. To say we do not get along would be an understatement of the fact… my father is the only one in my family whom I communicate with.” His voice vibrated over her body.
Figures she would dream of a man who had the same family issues she did.
She wrapped her arm around him, snuggling closer to his body.
She would have sworn she heard a low growl escape from him. She didn’t know why, but she was seriously turned on by that.
“What about your mother?” She asked, trying to keep her mind from wandering to places it had no business going.
He took another deep breath before he answered. She could feel the sadness that flowed through him. “She was killed when I was baby.”
Her heart clenched. She couldn’t imagine what it must have been like not to have her mother in her life. “I’m sorry.” She whispered.
“It’s ok” was his simple reply. He remained quiet for a while as his hand continued to stroke her hair.
Radien didn’t know what to make of the woman who lay on his chest. When she had snuggled closer to him, he had let out a growl from the sensation of it. His eyes closed as he listened to her light breathing.
“What about your father?” She asked.
“What about him?”
“What is he like? I didn’t know my father when I was growing up, but I always wondered what it would have been like to have him in my life.”
He listened to her speak. Her name perfectly described her voice, a beautiful melody that put both the man and hound in him at peace when she spoke.
What was his father like? He snorted. There were a thousand different ways to describe his over baring father.
She lifted her head off his chest to look down at him. With his eyes closed, he could feel her stare at him. Opening his eyes, he found her staring tenderly at him. The glow of his eyes reflected off her face. He couldn’t resist caressing her cheek. When she closed her eyes to savor his touch something in him ached. A foreign part of him, a part that he thought was long gone.
“My father is many things.” He paused. “There are many ways to describe him. But one word stands out in my mind.”
“That is?” She held the hand that cupped her face.
“Complicated.”
“Yes. Most people are.” She sighed and released his hand.
Dropping his hand from her face, he gave her a tight lipped smile.
No. Humans were not complicated to him. To him, they were all driven by the same unseen forces: Greed, Lust, Envy, and Hate. Yet this human seemed different, was able to hold him captive. There was a deep sadness in her that he wanted to soothe for reasons that he wouldn’t look into.
“I, sometimes wonder what my mother looked like. When I was younger, my father would describe her to me. Saying that she was the most beautiful creature he had ever seen.”
Creature? What an odd choice of words. Her thoughts played in his head.
“I’m sure she was beautiful.” She sat up, looking out at the ocean. Coldness ran through his body at the disappearance of her warmth. He didn’t like the empty feeling in him she caused when her body left his.
As he lay on the white sand with his arms behind his head, staring into the night sky, his problems drifted away. Leaving the image of the beautiful woman he was with in his mind.
Why did he feel like this? What was it about her that calmed him when nothing else did? He felt so relaxed when he was with her. So much so that it scared him.
“My sisters and I don’t have the same father… at times it felt as if I didn’t belong with them. They feel that because my father was the one that my mother had actually loved, I was spoiled with affection and anything else I wanted. I never felt as if I truly had sisters. Even now there is no sisterly love between us. We tolerate each other.”
He listened to her speak. Her voice was distant as she sat with her arms wrapped around her knees. Her pain called to him. They were such similar creatures that he couldn’t help but be drawn to her. Sitting up, he pulled her to his chest and wrapped his arms around her, letting his presence soothe her.
“Back then I didn’t understand why they had treated me the way they had.” She spoke into his chest.
“We are so similar you and I. We are both shut out by the people who mean the most to us.” He stroked her head. “I know it hurts Mel.” He lifted her head from his chest. Watery eyes stared up at him, pleading with him to ease her sorrow.
Radien, at this moment, with the soft breeze of the ocean blowing against their skin, the warmth of her body against his, could only think of one way to ease her pain.  Rubbing her cheek with his thumb, he captured her lips with his. The taste of her lips made him growl. The hound in him roared to life. Wanting to take her and stake claim over her body.
“I love the way you kiss me.” She whispered against his lips. He growled deep in the back of his throat as he pinned her body under him in one fluid movement.
“And I love the way you feel under me.” His voice was rough and sent chills through her. She gripped his hair in her fist and pulled him to her lips.
His body was massive on top of her. He was pure dominance, power, and all male, as his large hands roamed over her body. His Calloused palms traveling down and under the dress she wore. She wanted to moan his name but she didn’t know it. Not that it mattered once he touched her, his fingers massaging the part of her body that called to him the most.
A moan escaped her as an electric surge went through her body from his touch.  He groaned against her lips as they continued to feverishly kiss each other. She moved to the rhythm of his fingers as more moans left her. She was on the edge from his masterful touch and kiss. She could feel it…
Melody was jerked awake by the sound of her alarm clock. Her breathing harsh and her body feeling as if it had been struck by lightning, all her senses buzzing. Rolling over she hit the clock to shut it off. She was seriously starting to hate the damn thing.
Wiping the sleep from her eyes, she tossed back the sheets and got out the bed, heading for the bathroom. She needed a really long and cold shower to get her mind right before she left for work. Turning on the shower, she shrugged out of her night gown and into the warm water, to get ready for another long day of work.

Radien stood at the gates of Hades’s castle, unable to shake the tingling feeling going down his spine. It had been this way since he was first dragged to the Underworld. He was growing impatient waiting for the creature to show itself. The quicker it came the quicker it would be over and the quicker he could return to his home, away from the torments of his past.
“What are you afraid of monster?” Radien whispered to himself.
“I did not know you spoke to yourself Radien.” Persephone spoke as she walked up behind him.
Speaking of torments. “Yes, well, we learn something new every day now don’t we, Pes.” His voice was dry. He took a deep breath before he spoke. “The woman Hades chose for me.”
“Yes?” She stood beside him.
“She is beautiful, but I do not want her. Tell her she can go back to whatever part of the Underworld she came from.” Turning away from Persephone, Radien stared out across the Underworld with his mind lost in thought. In the distance, the screams of damned souls could be heard as they atoned for the sins of their mortal lives. His thoughts drifted to the young woman Hades had brought to him. She was indeed one of the most beautiful women he had seen and yet his body didn’t react to her at all. He figured that his lack of attraction was due to the fact, that the moment he was alone with her, in his chambers, the scent of her anxiety and fear filled the air. It was a pungent scent that offended his sensitive senses. Though most considered him a beast, he couldn’t bring himself to take her against her will.
Not even this dog was that cruel.
“Why not, Radien, is that not what you want?”  Persephone asked as she stepped closer to him, she felt his hurt and wanted to comfort him. Even though it was the last thing she should do, especially with her husband being who he was.
“What I want is something I am no longer capable of having.” Radien sighed, with his back still towards her he continued to speak. “So tell me Pes, did you think about me at all?” He paused as old memories and feelings began to assault him. It shouldn’t have mattered, he couldn’t afford for it to matter. What happened between them was a long time ago. If he was smart, he would leave the past in the past and not reopen barely healed wounds. He took a brief moment to gain control over his ragged emotions before he spoke again. “I had heard about Hades kidnapping you, but I didn’t want to believe the god was that stupid… seems I was wrong.” In more ways than one.
“Hades has his moments…” she sighed. “You were always in my thoughts. I thought we would be together forever.” She touched his shoulder as she spoke. “Radien, you know you will always be in my heart but I love Hades. Even though he can be cruel at times to others, he is always caring of me.” She paused.
Turning to face her, he could see that though she spoke the words, she didn’t whole heartedly believe them. Conflicted by his emotions, by his pain, his anger and lust for the past, he felt himself breaking apart.
“Stop,” he held up his hand for her silence. “The past is the past,” as he spoke, he stared into her dark eyes. She was still beautiful to him with her long black hair flowing down to the mid of her back. Her face was perfection with lips that were full and tempting. His body craved to take her into his arms as feelings, he thought he had under control, overtook him. “Your husband is very lucky. If he ever hurts you, all you have to do is call my name and I am there no matter what.” He touched her cheek, warm and soft to the touch. Memories assaulted him.
You better take your hands off her, mutt. Or I swear I will kill you slowly and I mean very slowly. Hades thoughts echoed in Radien’s mind.
“Your husband is a very jealous man,” Radien dropped his hand and stepped away from her. Before Radien finished his thought the tingling in his back became an intense stinging, what he had been waiting for had arrived. “Go to your husband now.” He growled. Persephone nodded and vanished to Hade’s chamber.
Always following orders, Radien thought sourly as he prepared himself for his company.
A few moments later the creature appeared.
 “Well, well, well, Radien, you have no shame do you. I didn’t know you still loved the bitch.” It spoke, concealing its self in the shadows. “Should I tell Hades about this love?” It hissed with its snake like voice.
“Aprophis…” Radien watched closely as the creature stepped from the shadows.
Aprophis was a hideous creature, something that was supposed to be hidden in the deepest parts of the Underworld, standing over ten feet tall. Black horns sprouted from the top of his head, long and deadly, the tips were covered with venom that dripped onto the Underworld floor. His body was covered in a mix of brown and green skin.
“Radien, how have you been?” Aprophis’s wicked grin showed three sets of razor sharp teeth. Radien stared at the creature, his body tensing as the thing chuckled. “Well, I think I can see how you are doing.”
“Who let you out?”
“Radien, after almost a thousand years you still have not changed…” Radien watched closely as Aprophis circled around him shifting from his devil form to a human form. “Tell me, was it worth it? To run away after learning the woman you loved didn’t love you back. Now you have to look at her loving that pathetic god, Hades.” His laugh resembled more of a chuckled hiss. “You must have the best images of Hades fucking her over and over again in your head. Filling her the way you should have been doing… step aside mutt and let me get rid of both our problems.”
“My only problem is you.” Radien lunged at Aprophis, grabbing him by his throat. He slung him into the gate that protected Hades’s palace.
“Come on dog, you know you have to do better than that.” Aprophis laughed before he vanished from Radien’s grip. Radien spun around to stand face to face with Aprophis. “Come and show me your true power.” With the last word Aprophis hissed, Radien felt himself go flying back towards the ground. Laughing, Aprophis watched was Radien wiped the blood from his mouth. “Come on pooch what’s wrong? Show me your true power.” With another force of power Radien was sent flying back to the ground and held there as Aprophis stalked towards him. “You useless mutt,” he hissed picking Radien up off the ground. “All that fucking power and you do nothing to protect yourself…. maybe I need more motivation. How about I pay your little human a visit?” He slung Radien back into the wall.
“Don’t touch her.” Radien rose to his feet. Before Aprophis could vanish into the castle, Radien lunged at him, changing into his true form in the air. He held Aprophis to the ground with one paw. “You devil, are done.” Radien’s voice echoed darkly in Aprophis’s ears. Radien lunged for the creature’s throat, but the devil proved to be faster than Radien thought. Changing forms in the blink of an eye, going from human to devil.
Something is not right. Radien thought as the devil suddenly vanished. There was no trace of his power, or presence around. Frowning, Radien knew better than to let his guard down. The creature had grown better at concealing himself. Though that in itself was enough to have Radien worried as he continually scanned the area, there was no way the creature should have been able to conceal itself from him.
“Surprise,” before Radien could react, he felt the creature’s clawed hand around one of his necks. Just as Radien went to take a chunk out of the devil, he felt himself being thrown back to the ground. This time, however, with his agility he landed on his feet. Without hesitation, Radien’s mouths opened. He inhaled, concentrating his energy into a white light that formed in the middle where his three heads meet. The air around them sizzled with power.
 “What the hell is this?” Unable to summon his powers, Aprophis was forced to watch as the ball grew bigger. “Shit,” cursing, the devil barely had enough time to dodge the ball of light coming at him. Even with him avoiding the most of the attack, a small piece of the light ball hit him in the shoulder. With his eyes wide, Aprophis stared at Radien as he held his bleeding shoulder. Again, Radien lunged for Aprophis, tackling him to the ground. Two of the hound’s heads kept his arms pinned down.
“A taste of true power. Now you will know true death, there will be no afterlife for you.” Radien’s gripped tightened and Aprophis red eyes grew wide with fear.
“Radien?” Persephone’s panicked voice reached his ears. 
Turning his attention to the direction of the goddess’s voice, Radien wanted to curse when he saw her standing behind him with horror filled eyes. Instantly, he lost his hold on the creature under him. Before he knew it the creature had freed himself. Rolling from under Radien, Aprophis rose to his feet.
“You have not seen the last of me mutt”. With that the devil vanished from sight, still holding his injured arm.
Momentarily dismissing the creature’s threat, Radien shifted back into his human form.
“What the hell are you doing here? I told you to stay where you were.” He growled as he took heated steps toward Persephone.
“I was but then I… I…” He watched her fidget with her hands as she spoke. He wanted to scold her right for being so stupid. But he couldn’t, her concern for his safety defused his anger.
“I’m ok,” he grabbed Persephone in his arms, holding her tight. Her slim body trembling as he tilted her chin so she could look into his eyes. “There is no need to worry. As you can see I’m perfectly fine. But you shouldn’t have come down here. When I tell you to do something you do it. Understand?” She nodded her head then, hugged him closer. Emotions controlling him, Radien couldn’t stop himself as he took her lips with his.

At first Persephone was shocked, but it faded quickly when she felt the heat in her body rise.
What was she doing? How could she kiss another man when she belonged to Hades? She shouldn’t be doing this, yet she couldn’t stop herself. Before long, they were tangled in a tight embrace, tasting each other’s lips. It escaped her that Radien was naked until she started to run her hands down his back, while his tongue teased her mouth. Her heart rate quickened as his erection pressed into her stomach.
 Radien knew he should stop, put some distance and clothes between them, but he couldn’t pull himself away from the sweet taste of her mouth. Too many memories flooded through his mind as he held her.
Too wrapped in each other, neither of them felt Hades presence as he appeared before them. Until Persephone opened her eyes to see the contorted rage on her husband’s face. Quickly, she pulled away from Radien and fixed herself to stand before a very upset and hurt god.
Radien had felt Hades rage long before he appeared. Covering himself in a long black robe, he turned to face the man. Though Radien could hear his thoughts, they were contorted with rage and hard to understand. He looked over to Persephone. Her shame was reflected in her eyes as she and her husband stared at each other.
“Hades, my love” She took a timid step toward him, but paused when she saw the twitch of his hand along with the tic of his jaw.
“Is this why you brought him here? So you can make me look like a fool. Here I come to check and see where you rushed off to, to make sure you weren’t hurt. And what do I see?” Hades cast a hate filled look towards Radien. Unable to clearly understand Hades’s thoughts, Radien was caught off guard by the god’s attack. The might of his anger sent Radien through the stone wall that surrounded the castle. Dismissing Radien, Hades turned his attention back to his wife. Appearing in front of her it took every ounce of his self-control not to backhand her across the face. So long as she didn’t speak that is.
“I never meant to make you look like a fool…” She stared at him in a mix of fear and panic.
Good, she should be afraid. How dare she make a mockery of me, Lord of the Underworld? “It would be wise for you not to speak right now.”
“But Hades, you must understand. You are the only one I wan-“
Cutting off her words before she could utter another lie to him, Hades grabbed her by the throat.
“Shut up. Just shut up. I saw the heat in your eyes when you first saw him. Do not stand here and lie to me, slut.” He choked her tighter. She gasped for air. “I suggest you get you get out of my sight before I end up destroying the whole world by killing you. And as for your little pet…” Hades looked back to Radien who was now standing erect.
“Enough Hades,” while Radien knew Hades wasn’t going to kill his wife, he couldn’t stand by and let him harm her. Using his powers, he brought Persephone to his side.
“Go to your mother,” he pushed her behind him. He felt her hesitate. “NOW,” he yelled just as Hades tackled him. Persephone flashed herself from the Underworld to Mt. Olympus.
“I’m going to kill you.”
“You have no power over me and you cannot kill me” Radien threw Hades off of him. Before the god could charge him again, Radien pinned him to the wall with his body. With his elbow pushing into Hades throat the god couldn’t move under the pressure.
“Now listen to me before I kill you. Aprophis is gone and I need you to track him down for me. I don’t know why, but for some reason I can’t sense where the creature went. Tell me where he could be, since I know he is not in the underworld.” Try as he might Hades could not break free. All his struggles did was cause Radien to apply more pressure.
“Let go of me mutt.”
“Mutt?” Radien laughed as he dropped Hades to the ground. “No Hades, the mixed breeds you have guarding your gate are mutts. Now tell me, where is he?” Radien towered over Hades’s body as he was slumped on the ground.
“Where do you think? His powers are limited, so he cannot enter the other realms. There is nowhere left for him to go, but the human world” Hades stood up and faced Radien head on.
“Where in the human world?”
Hades smirked. “Let’s strike a deal hound?”
Staring at the god, Radien already knew what the coward was thinking.
“Hold back enough of your powers so that I can bind them for 24 hours and I will send you to the human realm. Or would you rather waste time that you don’t have trying to track him down with your powers being unstable at the moment.”
Radien weighed his options. He could track the devil down on his own, but Hades was right, doing so would take more time than he had to spare. He stared silently at Hades and against his better judgment, he nodded his head in agreement.
Triumph flowed through Hades as he watched Radien close his eyes and dampen his powers; the force of the hound’s power decreasing while his grew substantially. Letting his power surge through him, Hades blasted Radien in the chest. The force of the blast sent him soaring through the air. Before he could land on the ground, Hades let loose another blast of power.
Radien hit the ground with enough force to crack the area under him. Spitting blood from his mouth, he glared at Hades as he rose to his feet.
Stupid, stupid move Radien. He scolded himself. “You will pay for that.”
“Maybe, but not today” Hades smiled evilly. As a parting gift to the hound, Hades hit him with another powerful blast before sending him to the human realm.

Melody paced her office as the shocking sensation in her shoulder continued to increase. Over the last few days the stinging sensation had grown stronger. It was driving her crazy. The only time it seemed to dull was after she awoke from her dreams, but then it would come back a few hours later more intense than before.
Her phone line blinked catching her attention. “Yes.” She said into the machine.
“Ms. Sonders. You have a call on line two. It’s your sister, she says it's important.” Kelly said through the intercom.
Kelly Green had been her assistant for the last two years as well as one of her closest friends. She had come back to work a few days ago and Melody couldn’t have been happier, not that she minded the temporary assistant but Kelly had been with her from the beginning. When Melody had first decided to start her business, it was Kelly who backed her and gave her motivation to pursue her dreams. Not even her own sisters had been supportive of her starting her own publishing company.
“Ok, put her through.” Melody sat down behind her desk and picked up her phone.
“What do you want now, Harmony?” It wasn’t exactly a great way to answer the phone, but then again, she and her sister didn’t share sisterly feelings for each other. Being the youngest of three girls, her sisters felt as if she was spoiled while they had to work for everything they had. Harmony was the middle child, older than Melody by two years and disliked her the most. Even into adulthood, Harmony hated her for reasons she didn’t understand. It wasn’t like she had more than her sister. Harmony was a top designer and just as well-known as Melody. So, why all the bad feelings? She didn’t know, but she had grown tired of it.
“I was just making sure your spoiled ass was still alive.” Melody rolled her eyes at her sister’s annoyed tone.
“I’m not in the mood right now. What is it?” The throbbing in her shoulder continued.
“Aaron has disappeared again.” Harmony stated plainly.
“What?!?”
“Don’t shout. Aaron is always disappearing, that’s nothing new.”
Melody couldn’t believe her sister’s nonchalant tone. 
“Harm-“ Before she could finish her sentence a sharp pain bolted through her, making her take in a deep breath from the pain. 
“Melody?”
“Yeah, I’m here. Look, I have to go, I’ll call you later tonight.” She hung up the phone before her sister could say another word to her. Looking around her office she felt as if she was suffocating. The walls suddenly felt as though they were closing in around her. She stumbled to her feet, light headed and dizzy. Her vision blurred as she reached her office door. She was going to black out. She felt it coming. The feeling had been consuming her for days, now it was happening. Stumbling through the door, Melody was barely able to call out for help before she collapsed on the floor.
“Holy shit! Mel.” Running over to Melody’s sprawled out body, Kelly ran her hand over her forehead. She was burning up and sweating like crazy. Kelly listened to her unsteady, shallow breaths before she ran over to her desk to grab her car keys. Thankful, she wore flats to work, she planted her feet firmly on the ground. Squatting down and wrapping her arms under Melody, she pulled her to her feet. It was more than a struggle for Kelly to shoulder Melody’s dead weight into the elevator and down to the parking lot.
When I need some help the damn place is empty. Kelly thought as she looked around the parking lot. Her car was parked on the lower level and right now she was on the second upper level. Cursing, she laid Melody’s body on the ground and ran towards the lower level, grateful that she had decided to work late and make up the hours she missed.
Barley two feet away from her car, Kelly came to a dead stop. She watched a tall dark figure stand. It seemed to have appeared out of nowhere. The figure took deep breaths and cursed in a language she didn’t understand. Taking a step backwards, she kicked a pebble into the rim of the car that was parked next to her. She gasped as the figure turned to face her. Scared out of her mind, she ran for her car. She fumbled with the keys until she was finally able to get the car started. She quickly backed out of the parking space as the figure stumbled towards the car. Panicked, Kelly hit the gas. The car shot forward, running her would be attacker down. The body hit the ground, motionless. She didn’t spare a second thought to having possibly committed vehicular homicide as she floored the gas. Driving as fast as she could, she went back up to the upper level of the parking lot to get Melody.
Good, she is breathing better. Kelly thought as she dragged Melody to her car and struggled to put her in the small back seat. Getting in the driver seat, she started her car. As soon as she came back to the lower level, she looked for the figure. Seeing that it was gone, Kelly floored the gas once again.
“Home.”
“What?” Kelly said as she turned to look at Melody, who was half awake and panting, her voice barely above a whisper.
“I have to go home…” Melody managed to say before she passed out again…
Like any other time, it would always start with a walk on the beach. With a full moon and midnight blue water, the air was warm and the scent of the ocean filled her nose. She loved the way the moonlight danced like candlelight over his body. Walking over to the water’s edge, Melody let the waves cover her toes.
“You are beautiful Mel.” He said as he wrapped his arms around her waist. God, she loved when he touched her like that. It jerked her body awake and sent desire pulsing through her. He made it hard for her to breathe.
 “Look at me.” He turned her around in his arms.
“You are the most beautiful creature I have ever seen, special and unique.” He traced his fingers along the side of her jaw.
“Who are you?” She had to know. For the longest time he had been appearing in her dreams, and she still didn’t know who he was. All she knew was the sound of his deep voice, the feel of every muscle in his body.
“I am whatever you want me to be.” He flicked his tongue across her lips, sending chills over her body. She came alive as he captured her mouth with his. He sent electricity flowing through her veins and a pulse to her heart. As one hand gripped her behind the head, making their kiss deeper, the other hand ran down the small of her back, gliding lightly along her backside.
“I never want to wake up from this dream.” She moaned into his ear.
“You have to my beauty, I am coming for you.” He stepped back away from her. She watched as he gazed into her eyes and smiled. As quickly as the smile came it was gone as he looked over her shoulder.
“You have to wake up now.” His voice was low, lethal. She could see the panic in his glowing gaze as he looked back at her.
“But-“Before she could finish her sentence, she felt a gust of wind from behind her. The hair on the back of her neck rose. She slowly turned around; when she did, she wished she hadn’t. In front of her stood something scarier than anything she could think of. All the drawings of monsters and demons that she had ever seen looked like children book characters compared to what she was facing now.
“Mel, come here.” She stumbled back towards him. He quickly grabbed her and placed himself between her and the monster.
“Aprophis.”
The monster’s laugh was snakelike.
“Dog,” it responded before it lunged for her lover. He managed to knock her out of the way before they both fell on top of her.
Melody watched, horrified, as they fell to the sand. She heard snake like hissing and cursing before the monster jumped back to its feet. It looked to its shoulder, then back to her dream man, who was also on his feet. Gagging at the putrid smell of the creature’s burned flesh. She covered her mouth to keep from vomiting. As much as she wanted to look away, she couldn’t as the monster used his hand to summon what looked like a fireball. She watched, terrified that her lover wouldn’t make it out of the way in time. She went to scream a warning, only to have her voice leave her. She continued to watch, stunned to see him roll out the way, then leap into the air, changing from a man into a jet black three headed dog. Paralyzed, she watched the two beasts fight each other. Out of nowhere the dog, that used to be a man, was sent crashing to the ground again. He howled in pain.
“Now, let me see what you were playing with.” The snake like voice hissed. The hideous creature stalked towards her slowly as she tried to scramble away.
“Don’t touch her.” Her lover gasped as he pushed himself to his feet or paws. His voice echoed from all three of his heads.
“I see you have moved on. And my, my, my, she is beautiful. It’s going to be such a waste to kill her.” Her eyes grew wide as she listened to the monster’s words. This was no dream she was having but a nightmare. She needed to get out of here and quick. She felt scaled hands wrapping around her throat, his touch burned her like acid. Gasping for air, she watched as her lover closed his eyes, mumbling words under his breath. The creature’s grip on her loosened as a jolt went through her body...

Melody woke up in a cold sweat, dizzy and distorted from her dream. The hideous face of that creature flashed before her. Screaming, her hands instantly went to her neck. She could still feel the monster’s acid touch against her skin. Slowly, she looked around expecting the thing to jump out and attack her, only to realize that she was in her house, in her bed. Looking around, she had to make sure her mind wasn’t playing tricks on her. Light snoring drew her attention to the corner of her room. She almost jumped out of her skin at the sight of a small figure in front of her. When the figure gave a soft moan, Melody realized that it was just Kelly in her arm chair sleeping.
Melody smiled.
There was no doubt in her mind that Kelly had been the one to bring her home. Though she didn’t remember exactly what happened during the course of her black out, she did remember Kelly’s panicked voice reaching her before darkness consumed her. Instant relief washed over her. Feeling safe, Melody fell back into her bed, her dream replaying in her mind. She knew it meant something, she just couldn’t figure out what. Whatever it was, she prayed it wasn’t something as terrible as the things from her dreams, if so she was in a hell of a lot of trouble.
Chapter 4

Radien woke up in a cold sweat. How could Aprophis have known he was in the human realm just a few hours after he arrived? But most importantly, how could he enter the Dreamscape? His powers were supposed to be limited to the Underworld and the human realm. It should have been impossible for the devil to enter that realm let alone attack. He had to find out what was going on and quick. Forcing himself off the ground, his entire body ached. Damn it, he had only been in the human realm for two minutes before something slammed into him, knocking him clear off his feet. Groaning, he stretched his sore body. He needed to find somewhere out of the cold night before he froze.
Sluggishly, Radien walked around the place Hades had dumped him. Looking around, he read signs that said upper and lower level parking.
What century is this? Radien thought. Dragging his feet, he walked toward the opening of the garage.
“What the hell?" Radien cursed to himself as he looked at the streets that were lit up with light. If he didn’t know any better, he would have sworn it was morning, but the darkness in the sky told him it was late in the evening. The place was crowded with humans, yet they seemed to notice nothing around them.
“Hello there sweetie,” there was a small voice from behind him. Turning around, he looked down to see a petite woman standing in front of him. She barely reached his navel. Radien watched her as her eyes greedily roamed his body. It was then he realized that he was completely naked.
 Hades. Radien thought as he studied the woman. She wasn’t in a sense pretty, awkward looking actually with eyes that were spaced too far apart, a nose that was too big for her round face, but she had very attractive assets. As she stood in front of him, shifting her weight from leg to leg, Radien had to admit, that the skimpy black dress she wore showed off her legs extremely well. With her arms folded across her chest, her breast nearly came falling out the low cut dress.
“Do you like what you see?” Radien asked with a raised brow. Though he already knew the answer, the sparkle in her eye told him all he needed to know.
“Yes, I do. I could just sink my teeth into you.” She licked her lips. “How about you come home with me? My husband is out of town and I am very lonely.” He watched her as she took two steps toward him.
“Provide me with clothes, food and a place to sleep for a few hours and…” reaching for her, he pulled her to his body. While Radien normally didn’t waste his time with women like her, he needed to get out of sight fast and into some clothes. “And I will give you what you want.” Bending down, he licked her ear. She shivered under him. “Many times over,” he whispered into her ear. “Do we have a deal?” He took a step away from her. She nodded, then motioned for him to follow her back into the parking area.
“Get in.” She told him. She looked at him when he hesitated. “What?”
“What is this thing?”
“It's called a car.” She said, giving him a duh look. Getting in the driver’s seat, she opened the door for him. Slowly, he climbed into this car thing. She reached across him to close the door, making sure to brush the breast against him.
In the car Radien felt cramped and caged in. If he had his powers he would have known everything about the time he was in. He felt helpless, he hated feeling helpless. He couldn’t wait until his 24 hours were up and he could function right again. He stared out the car window and watched the lights along with people speed by him. His thoughts went to Melody, he wondered if she was ok, if she was scared. Most of all, he wondered what her reaction would be when she saw him face to face.
“So sexy, where are you from? It’s obvious you are not from this city.”
He frowned at her. Clearly his eyes would tell her that he wasn’t human. He rolled his eyes at her, as he did, he caught his reflection in the rear view mirror. He groaned, no wonder she was talking to him as if he was normal, his eyes, we no longer glowing, but had dulled to a smoky gray color, making him look like any other human male.
“Far away.... Where am I now?”
“You, sexy, are in the big apple, better known as New York, one of the best places in the world.” She said excitedly. Glancing at him, one of her hands left the steering wheel and rested on his bare thigh. His spread legs gave her room to fondle him. Closing his eyes, he let the feel of her hands consume him.
How long had it been since he last bedded a woman? Too long was his guess, with his eyes closed, he pictured Melody’s face and soft hands on him. Her scent was intoxicating. Her touch had set him on fire, he could have done so many things to her had he not been interrupted.
As the car came to a stop, Radien opened his eyes. Looking at the woman next to him, he wanted to let out a disgusted sound as he saw her licking his release off her fingers. How odd, he thought, he didn’t even feel it happen.
What the hell was going on with him?
“Come on baby. Let’s clean you up.” She said as she got out of the car. Opening his door, Radien followed the woman to what he assumed was her home. A large white house, nothing fancy about it, with its plain windows and doors. The only thing that seemed interesting about the house was the size of it. He followed her into her home. Closing the door behind him, he gripped her by the arm. Swinging her around, he pinned her to the door.
“In a hurry are we?” she asked, a wicked smile spreading across her face. Radien didn’t reply as he ripped the dress from her body. Wrapping her legs around his waist, she gave him access to her. With one thrust he embedded himself inside her. Inwardly cringing, Radien moved in and out of her, his thrust were hard and harsh. She wasn’t the type to want slow, tender movements; she was the type of woman who wanted fast and hard. Radien knew this was true because she moaned for him to thrust himself deeper into her. As he satisfied her desire, the sound of him ramming himself into her body filled the house.
I’m definitely going to need a long and hot shower after this. He listened to her yell out as she reached her climax.
Good, now that the worst part is over…
Radien pulled himself out of her, watching as her hooded gaze focused on his semi hard erection.
“You weren’t fully erect and you could do that?” She asked, both shocked and breathless. Silently, Radien stepped away from her.
 Did she really think he wanted her? He was good at faking his actions, better than any skilled actor.
“Now, as you promised. I need clothes and food…” Radien’s face remained stoic as he watched her gather herself. With her leading the way, Radien followed her up the twisting stairs until they came to the bathroom door. Leaving him there, she told him she would bring him some of her husband’s clothes and that there was food downstairs in the kitchen. After whispering a brief thank you he entered the bathroom.
“Damn it.” Radien cursed as he caught sight of his beaten up reflection. Black and blue bruises covered his face while dried blood caked in the corners of his mouth. His dark hair was dirty and disheveled on top his head, making him look more like a muscled bum than the powerful being he was.
How could any woman be attracted to this?
Shaking his head, he vowed Hades was as good as dead. The only saving grace for the god was that thanks to his genetic healing ability, the cuts and bruises on his face and body would be fully healed momentarily.
As he washed his face Radien felt the familiar tingling of his spine. Turning around, Radien found Aprophis standing in front of him in human form; a vast improvement compared to his normal state. He stood in front of Radien with a cocky smile, wearing a pair of black slacks and a black T-shirt.
“Well mutt, I see you didn’t waste any time sticking your nose up a woman’s dress.” Aprophis laughed as he relaxed himself against the bathroom door. “You know Radien, you’re not very scary without all your mighty power… hmm. You look like a little human right now, something that I can crush underneath one of my hoofs.”
“I am far from weak creature.” Radien lunged for Aprophis, only to have him flash himself out of the way and behind Radien. Radien went face first into the bathroom wall.
“Listen to me mutt. I can kill you right now, but I need you alive for this to work. Well, at least till I find that woman from the Dreamscape” Aprophis hissed into Radien’s ear.
Dreamscape was a realm between realms, protected by the Dream Keeper, Rasi, where a being’s subconscious traveled while their body rested; a place where those with supernatural powers could connect with those in the human realm without truly exposing themselves. It was the space in time where Radien had first met Melody, and devils like Aprophis were not allowed to enter… or so he had thought.
Struggling against Aprophis’s hold, Radien tried to push himself backwards. Easily his feet were swept from under him. He landed face first into the cold floor tile.
“You have no idea what is in store for you or that bitch.” Using more of his mental powers, the devil stilled Radien, holding him in place with his thoughts. “You don’t like for me to call her a bitch.” The hideous creature laughed, then removed his hold from Radien, vanishing from the bathroom.
Pushing himself to his feet, Radien felt weaker than he did when he first arrived. What the hell is going on? Even without his powers, Radien should still have been able to take down Aprophis. The speed of his breed had no equal, and their stamina was unmatched. And yet, Radien had been pinned to the ground with too much ease.  As he let his thoughts travel, he realized the house was quiet, too quiet. He didn’t hear the woman he had come in with, there were no movements. Inhaling, he took in the scent of the air. The smell of fresh blood poured into his senses.
Rushing out of the bathroom, he headed in the direction where the scent of blood was the strongest. He stopped at the top of the stairs. Looking down at the bottom of the stairs, he saw the woman’s small body lying face down in a pool of her own blood. Descending the steps, he reached the body. With one hand he turned her over. Rage instantly consumed him as he looked at the woman’s mutilated body. Her throat had been ripped out; the light had long ago faded from her eyes. From the bruises on her skin it looked like she tried to fight the devil off, but the poor thing stood no chance. Sighing at her unnecessary death, Radien picked up her body. Ascending the stairs two at a time, he made his way down the hall to the bedroom. As he used one hand to hold her body, the other pulled back the sheets from the bed. Gently, he laid her on the mattress and covered her body with the sheet.
“Go in peace.” Kneeling down, he whispered a silent prayer for her soul. Once he was finished paying his respects, he rose to his feet. Leaving the bedroom, he walked back downstairs to clean up the large pool of blood that remained at the bottom of the stairs.
 
Aprophis flashed himself back to his lower east side loft. He was enjoying the benefits of being in the human realm. His living space here was much better than in the Underworld, where he was kept in the darkest part of Tartars. He had been weak and powerless in the Underworld, but this realm he was in control and if things went his way, he was never returning to that hell hole. It was time for a change in power, for the beasts to be freed and their master awakened. The perfect opportunity had arrived; there was more than enough hate, greed, and lust in the world to fuel the Trio’s powers. Soon darkness would reign supreme in the human world and the Underworld. Once they were all free, he would be able to take his revenge on Hades. He would torture the god the way he had been tortured. Then he would kill the pathetic being. Not even Zeus would be able to stop him once he killed Hades and consumed his powers. But, until then, he had the power of his pet to keep him fueled.
The power that coursed through his veins intoxicated him; who knew that drinking the blood of a hound would increase his power to its limit. Shit, if he had known all that beforehand, he would have been drained the bitch dry. Walking into his master bedroom, he smiled at his newest conquest lying in his bed. Well, he should say his mate, but the very word made him cringe. He didn’t know how he got himself mated to the hound, but he wasn’t about to give it back, the perks were just too great.
Aprophis looked at her lying in the middle of their bed, naked. Yes, she made a delectable sight, lying in his bed with her legs gapped open.
Very inviting.
“I see you have been waiting for me,” watching as she climbed off the bed and walked over to him, he had to admit that she had the sexiest walk he ever seen, the walk of the true predator she was. In her human form she was a curvy raven haired beauty. Her eyes were as black as her hair. Wrapping her arms around him, she pressed her body into his.
“You left me here all alone. I’ve missed you.” She purred sliding her hands under his T-shirt. He hissed as she dug her nails into his flesh.
“I can see.” Grabbing her by her neck, he walked her backwards. He threw her on the bed and climbed on top of her. He assumed she liked their game as much as he did and if she didn’t… well it didn’t really matter. He pinned her hands over her head and roughly pushed her legs apart with his thigh. “Don’t struggle against me. I am in control.”
“Are you?” She asked, then, with the use of her power, tossed him off her.
With a mix of rage and desire rolling through him, Aprophis pushed himself from the floor. As he took a step forward, she sent another surge of power toward him, forcing him back to the ground.
He didn’t bother to stand; instead he flashed himself in front of her. Wrapping his hands around her throat, wanting to crush her windpipe, he slung her into the headboard of the bed. She howled in pain as she cracked the headboard under her weight. Satisfied with the trickle of blood coming from her mouth, he pinned her to the mattress. Using his mental powers, he spread her legs as far as they could go, as well as her arms. He smiled as he watched her wither in pain for a moment, then crawled on top of her. Struggling under him, her efforts managed to put enough space between so that she could angel herself to knee him in the groin. He winced from the pain but didn’t let up. If she wanted to play hardball then he would play. He flipped her onto her stomach; raising her behind in the air. Backing off of her, he used his powers to press her head into the bed, cutting off her air flow. He watched as she struggled to take deep breaths. Releasing some of his hold, he turned her head to the side allowing her a little air. He didn’t want to kill her, at least not yet anyway. Changing from human form to his devil form, he approached her from behind.
“Please.” She begged, trembling from head to toe as he placed her on the edge of the bed. Ignoring her pleas, he used his powers to elevate her high in the air, allowing him ultimate penetration. The scent of her fear filled his senses. It was a pungent scent that had his skin excreting extra fluids in anticipation. His fangs elongated, venom filling his mouth as he stroked his massive erection, sleek from his own bodily fluids. These excretions would have been poisonous to anyone or anything else. But he guessed since she was his mate, she was immune.
Shame.
Paying no attention to her pleading, he opened his mouth and let his tongue run the length of her trembling body. Her cries for mercy meant nothing to him as he ran his tongue where he felt the most heat from her. She was hot, but that was normal for her breed, but she wasn’t wet for him. Smiling, he rammed himself in her. She screamed, then howled in pain, her insides torn apart by the unnatural size of his erection. He saw the thick blood that ran between her legs, letting his tongue fall out his mouth once again, roaming up her inner thigh. The harder he fucked her the more blood she lost. After a few more savage thrusts, her screams faded.
“Shhh” He hissed as he continued to forcefully enter her, blood soaking into the sheets. He pumped faster as he felt the heat from her body start fade. Laughing as he switched back into his human form, he released himself inside her. He shook as he pulled her by her hair. She was limp as he pulled her head up. Satisfied, he withdrew from her and released her of his mental hold. Stepping back, he watched as she fell like a lifeless corpse onto the bed. He knew he didn’t kill her, if he had, he would be dead right now too. Looking down his own body, he was covered in her blood…

Melody walked into work the next morning fully awake. Sitting behind her honey oak desk, she hit the intercom and pushed in Kelly’s desk number.
“Hey boss, what’s up? How are you feeling?” This had to be the hundredth time Kelly had asked her that question. She had called Melody five times before she left her house, then three more times while she drove to work. Talking on her phone almost gotten her a ticket, but she couldn’t get mad at her friend. She was just looking out for her.
“I just wanted to tell you thanks for last night. I don’t know what happened, I was fine, and then when I hung up on my sister I blacked out. I don’t know what happened, but I’m glad you were there. You’re the best.” Melody scooted to her window, she loved being on the top floor in an Upper East Side building. It gave the greatest view of the city. She could see the famous 42nd street and the diamond district. Add to that she no longer felt dizzy or on the verge of another blackout, her day was going just fine.
“No problem girl. You scared the shit out of me, you know that. I thought your ass was dead for a minute.”
“Yeah, I guess I did make for an interesting sight.” Melody laughed. She waited for Kelly to join in but she didn’t. Instead, there was an eerie silence on the other end of the phone. “What’s wrong?”
“Nothing Mel… It’s just I was thinking about last night... And this thing I saw, well it looked more like a man.” She was rambling. Her friend’s rambling was never a good sign. It usually meant one of two things; either Kelly had some something to embarrass Melody and she was trying to cover it up, or she had done something really bad and didn’t know how to fix it. Judging from the panicked tone of her voice, Melody assumed it was that latter of the two.
“Speak to me. What man?”
“It’s nothing.”
“Don’t lie to me, Kelly.” Melody heard Kelly take a deep breath before she spoke.
“I don’t know. It was like some big shadow of a man; well it looked like a man. I was running to my car so I could take you home and he appeared out of nowhere… I mean nowhere Mel. Like he just rose up from the ground…”
Ok, now her friend sounded hysterical.
“You sure you weren’t seeing things?” Melody chuckled. Surely Kelly didn’t expect her to believe that some figure of a man just poofed out of thin air. Not likely. “It might be time to put you into the mental hospital, we always talked about.”
“This shit is not funny Melody. I am dead serious. He came out of nowhere.”
“Ok, ok, ok. So what did you do?”
“I ran to my car and hit the damn thing. That’s what I did.” By this time Kelly was yelling into the intercom.
“Are you serious, Kelly? You can’t just go around hitting people with your car.” Shit. That is a major lawsuit against her company. “Please tell me he was ok and that he didn’t get your plate number.”
“No, I mean, I guess he was fine because I didn’t see any trace of him when I drove back out. And Mel don’t worry, it was dark and trust me he didn’t look like he had any way of writing down a plate number or anything like that.”
Don’t Worry? Yeah Right. Melody hated when Kelly used that nonchalant tone with her. How could she not worry when there was a possibility that her company could be sued?
“How did you sleep last night?” Kelly asked on a more serious note. Though how could it get more serious than running a man down with your car?
“Like a baby for the first time in the last week or so. I feel like my old self. Matter fact, I feel better than my old self, I feel completely energized.” Melody spun around her chair back around towards her desk. She went into a daze as she twirled her finger in small circles on the desk. She wanted to do something she was so anxious, but she didn’t know what. Even though she was happy that there were no more nightmares, she missed her tall mystery man. He had been the best part of her dream.
He was coming for me. His last words to her played in her head.
What could that mean?
Nothing, of course, it was just a silly dream, but it felt so real. 
It was a silly dream… Wasn’t it..?
“What about we go dancing tonight? I know this great little spot in the city or you want to go somewhere quieter.” Kelly waited for an answer. “Mel?” She called, breaking Melody out of her thoughts.
“No somewhere quiet, how about a lounge?”
“Yea, that sounds great. You want me to meet you at your house or the lounge?”
“How about we meet and grab some food before we hit the lounge. So meet me at my house at 8pm sharp.”
“Ok. See you at 8.”
“Kelly, I mean 8. Not 8:15. On time.” Melody said before she ended her conversation with Kelly. With her night planned, she had to focus on getting through her day. For some reason she couldn’t get that mystery man out of her head, she hoped he was ok.
 “What is wrong with me?” She whispered to herself. Here she was free of her nightmares and now she was wishing they were back and for what… a man?
Yeah, she was going just as crazy as Kelly. They were both going to be in straitjackets soon.
“Hey, Mel” Kelly’s voice came through the intercom again. “You have a Dr. Chaser on the phone.”
Great. Melody thought as she thanked Kelly and picked up her private line.
“Hello, Dr. Chaser.” She answered.
“Hello, Ms. Sonders, I have the results back.” She couldn’t tell by his tone if she was about to receive good or bad news. Holding her breath, she waited for him to continue. “Your mother’s condition hasn’t gotten any worse. In fact, I would say that it has regressed quite well. She will be fine, so long as she sticks to her diet and takes her medications.”
“Thank you so much Dr. Chaser.” Relief flowed through her. Her mother wasn’t sick. Thank God. That meant that once again her mother increased blood pressure and blackouts were nothing serious. Her constant rants about death and destruction were nothing more than hallucinations. As of late, her mother hadn’t been eating or sleeping, scared that some monster was going to kill her in her sleep. At first, Melody wrote it off as her mother wanting attention from her daughters. But after the dream she had, Melody wasn’t so sure any more. She was starting to wonder how much of her mother’s insanity she had inherited.
 Her sisters would be happy to know that their mother was ok. The last time their mother went out of herself like that, the house that they were living in at the time burned down. Her older sister, Aaron, had almost died trying to escape the fire; luckily, she emerged from the smoke unscratched but a little wheezy. Ever since that day, Melody was terrified of fire, she had always been wary of the element, but never afraid, until the house fire. Aaron, on the other hand seemed to have become a Pyro overnight. She loved to play with matches and fire. Often times she would chase Melody around the house threatening to burn her alive if she didn’t do what she said. Times like those she wished they weren’t sisters.
Sill it bothered her that she hadn’t heard from Aaron in over a week. Even through Aaron couldn’t stand her; they still remained in contact with each other, if for no other reason than to make sure the other was still breathing.
“Dr. Chaser than you so much for your help… I’ll be in touch,” with that said she hung up the phone and pushed three on her phone. Even if Aaron didn’t talk to her, Melody knew she would call Harmony. The two of them got along a lot better than her and Aaron did.
After three rings the voice mail answered.
Hi, you have reached Harmony Sonders. I’m not able to answer my phone as of right now. So leave a message and I will get back to you as soon as possible.
 “Hey Harm, it’s me, Mel.” she paused. “I just wanted to let you know that mom was fine, but I can’t help the feeling that something bad is coming. CALL me back. I need to know what’s going on with Aari. I love you.” Melody hung up the phone as sensation when down her spine. Turning around, she thought something was behind her, but there was nothing there.
Yeah, ok Mel, you seriously need to lay off those sleeping pills. But the feeling was still there, like someone or… something was watching her. She couldn’t wait until her day was over and she could back to the safety of her home. Ignoring the feeling she sat down behind her desk and picked up that latest manuscript that waited her approval. About 1200 pages, Melody sighed.
Yea, it’s going to be a very long day. She thought as she flipped to the first page.

Dr. Travis Chaser sighed as he sat back in his leather chair behind his desk. He had been looking over Melody Sonders’s medical papers for the last few hours. He couldn’t believe what he was staring at. For years he had been searching for the sisters, only to find that they had been under his nose all this time. How could it be possible that he missed them? There was no denying that she was indeed a Trinitymate, one of the mates of the Hounds of Trinity that kept the balance between good and evil. The counterpart to the Trio, the hounds were created and blessed with powers from Alur the Life Stream. There was no doubt in his mind that she and her sisters were the keys to the world’s salvation in the upcoming war. The mark on her shoulder proved that she was a mate. If her mark was right, Ms. Sonders was fated to become one of the most powerful creatures on the face of the earth and anywhere in between.
Long ago, Alrik, one of the supreme beings, had come to him as a commanding voice in his head. He had been a poor man, a thief and a bad one at that. But he did what he had to do in order to survive and feed his dying family at the time. One night he was caught stealing from the town mayor’s house and sentenced to death. Alrik had come to him then, promising him a new life for his old… What had that been? More than three hundred years ago? He had lived for a long time as the guardian of one of the hounds. But he sensed something was coming and it wasn’t the usual night creatures that he monitored. No, it was something from the deepest parts of the Underworld, the Trio was awakening.
Shit. He thought as he tossed the papers on his desk. What was he going to do now?
“I’ll tell you what you are going to do now.” Dr. Chaser’s head snapped up at the sound of the familiar accented voice.
Holy Shit. It can’t be. He thought as he watched the male take a seat across from his desk.
“Hello, Travis.” He crossed one leg over the other and folded his hands in his lap. His stare was intense and it shook Travis to his core.
“Ra… Radien.” Well, where the hell had he been for the last what eleven centuries, give or take a few.
“I’ve been in Oblivion if you must know. There was no reason to be around.”
Yeah, right, that’s not what Adien had told him.
“I don’t give a damn what Adien said.” Rage flashed in Radien’s glowing eyes. Travis shrunk down in his chair. Did he say that out loud? Him and his big mouth. He knew the two hated each other, for whatever reasons. The mention of Radien’s name to Adien would cause a more violent reaction, but then again, he guessed Radien has had more time to mellow out. Adien wasn’t as nice.
“Trust me when I say I have not mellowed out with time. I would rip your head off if you weren’t so important to my brother, ” he paused, “Adien is nowhere near as violent as I am… There are just more important matters to deal with at the moment other than the joy I would feel by ripping your head off.”
Well, that just made him all warm and fuzzy inside. Not. “What exactly is going on?”
“Aprophis is loose.”
He couldn’t believe Radien’s casual tone as he said that. Aprophis was loose. How the hell had that happened? No one could free the devil except for Alrik or Gazini and he was damn sure Alrik didn’t let the creature loose. Which only left Gazini… but how was that possible when the ancient ruler was locked away for all eternity?
 “That’s the same thing I was thinking. He attacked me when I was in the Dreamscape.”
Radien’s mindreading was starting to get on his nerves. “The Dreamscape? How is he able to get into the dream realm? I thought his powers were limited to the Underworld and the Human World. How did he get past Rasi?”
“Like I said, he was in the Dreamscape. And he attacked me while…” he noticed Radien’s hesitation.
Interesting, he never knew Radien to not say what he was thinking.
“While?”  Well, come on. He thought as he watched Radien closely. He looked like he was reliving whatever had happened.
“I was with a woman.”
His guess was right, she was Radien’s mate. If the situation wasn’t so serious he would laugh, as he tried to picture Radien mated and all whipped over a female.
“Watch your thoughts, Chaser. It’s an option to take a mate and I’m not about to make that choice. All I want to know is where I can find her. Aprophis is after her.”
Mate, hell no Radien thought. He could be with her in the Dreamscape because it was only a dream. Something he could wake up from, but for him to actually take her as his mate would mean he couldn’t wake up if he didn’t want to deal with it anymore.
A mate? Radien cringed at the very word. He wouldn’t make her his mate; he couldn’t live with himself if he was forced to answer to someone. It wasn’t in his nature. Not only that, but his heart had been lost a long time ago. After dealing with the pain of that kind of betrayal the Underworld would have to freeze over before he let another woman into his heart.
“What!” Chaser jumped out of his seat and started pacing, drawing Radien’s attention back to the freckled face man.
“You heard me, Aprophis is after her. He said something about her completing a destiny. What is he talking about?”
Damn, for a being that was supposed to be all knowing, Radien really didn’t seem to know much about anything going on now.
“Watch yourself.” Radien growled. He was about two seconds away from ripping off the good doctor’s head. But as much as the man pissed him off, the man did have a point. Radien was supposed to be able to use his powers to find anything or anyone but somehow he couldn’t find anything. Something was blocking out his powers and it was seriously pissing him off. He waited for Chaser to finish.
“I’m not completely sure, but I’m guessing that he wants to free your old friend Iraon…” Chaser said after a moment. “But there are three of them.” Still pacing, he ran his hand through his short choppy hair.
“Three of…”
“She has two sisters, one for each of your brothers. She is the youngest of the three, but, I think, since she is your mate. She is the strongest one. Didn’t your father tell you all of this?”  He stopped all of a sudden. He faced Radien with wide eyes. “Do you know what this means?”
No. Damn his father for always playing the ominous role. Even when they had fought to put Iraon in his cage the first time, Bion had refused to tell him everything that was going on. All he said was that when it was time for him to know then he would know, not a moment before and not a moment after. It annoyed him that his father was the only one capable of keeping things from him, but then again if he guessed his father had told him about having a mate after the last female he had been with, he would have done something stupid that would have altered the fate of the world.
 “If I knew what it meant I wouldn’t be sitting in this crappy office now would I?”
Chaser scoffed, then continued talking.
“Look, we have to find them. If Aprophis is after Melody then he is also going to go after her sisters. I know where Melody lives and her sister Harmony, but there is Aaron. I don’t know where she is.” He gave a hard look to Radien. “You, have to find Melody. She is your mate. I will go to her sister’s house.”
“She is not my mate.” Radien growled.
“Whatever Radien…” Chaser walked over to his desk and grabbed the stack of papers he had been looking at. Putting them into his briefcase, he turned back to Radien, who looked like he wanted to throw him into the door. "You know eventually you have to let go of her. She isn’t worth it. She used you…” before he could react, Radien’s hand was around his throat.
Radien flung Chaser into the wall, making the pictures hanging from the wall fall to the floor. A deep threatening growl came out of Radien as his eyes burned with heat. 
“Watch yourself servant. My patience has limits.” Chaser could feel the grip on his throat tighten before he was dropped to the floor. Gasping for air, Chaser rubbed his neck. Looking around his office, he saw no sight of Radien.
Fuck. He needed to learn how to shut his mouth before he really did get killed, immortal or not.
Rushing towards his car, he pulled out his cell phone and dialed Harmony’s number. It rang three times before it went to voice mail.
Shit. He thought as he closed his phone and jumped into his car, putting the key in the ignition. Before he pulled out of his parking space he felt the hairs on the back of his neck start to stand. He could sense something was there, but he couldn’t see it. Ah, this was so not good.
Chapter 5

Melody sat across the table staring at Kelly. She couldn’t believe she let her friend talk her into clubbing tonight. She really wasn’t in the mood to be around people. She couldn’t shake that something was watching her, stalking her from the shadows. It creeped her out and made goose bumps break out across her arms.
“How about the men in here, sexy, aren’t they?” Kelly asked as she sipped her drink.
“They’re ok.” Melody responded as she took a look around the club the crowded club. Seated in the most secluded spot in the corner of the club, the dark lighting made them nearly invisible to the people there.
There was nothing special in the club tonight, well not to her at least.
“Oh come on, loosen up a little. We aren’t at work, you can relax. Have some fun… You know what I think you need a man to get those cobwebs out of your system.”
“Excuse me. I do not have cobwebs in my system. I’m just fine thank you very much.” Melody wanted to slap her best friend, but she counted backwards silently from ten. “And, I don’t need a man.”
“You need something girl because you need to seriously unwind.” She paused, taking a sip of her drink. “You know you need to forget about Craig. I mean, how long has it been since you two broke up.”
Melody gave her friend a harsh stare. This was not a topic she wanted to discuss right now. Not when it hurt her so bad. That whole mess with Craig left a whole in her heart, but more so it gave her resolve that men are nothing but selfish bastards who will screw anything with two legs and a vagina.
Yeah, she really didn’t want to reflect on her relationship with Craig now… not ever.
“You have to let go.” Kelly placed a comforting hand on Melody’s.
“Let go.” She scoffed. How could she let go when the man she was supposed to marry, the man she gave everything to, was caught in bed with her own cousin. A cousin, who had been helping her plan her wedding.
She couldn’t let go. Not when she could still hear him telling her that he never loved her. She winced as she recalled those hard words. Words she would never forget…
Her schedule had kept her busy all week, she had tried to make time for him but something had always come up. Either there was a manuscript she needed to edit and publish or she had a tour in some other state. But now with her work done, she had all the time in the world to shower her man with love. That’s what she thought until she walked into his condo and heard soft music playing.
Slowly, quietly she walked over to the bedroom door. Placing her ear to the door, she could hear soft moans coming from inside the room. Her heart dropped to the floor as she heard the squeaking of his bed. Fury, pain, and betrayal coursing through her, she stood by the door and kicked it in.
“Wh-“Craig stopped in mid-sentence as he looked at Melody standing in the doorway. She looked at Craig’s naked body wrapped between her cousin’s bare legs.
“Holy shit.” Her deceitful cousin scrambled to cover herself with the sheets.
Before Melody could think about what she was doing, she was on her cousin. The first blow of her fist hit the woman in the jaw. The female screamed in pain as her hands came up to protect her face. Straddling her, Melody drew back to hit her again, but she felt a strong hand hold her back. She looked at Craig eyes full of hurt. Forcefully, he dragged her off her crying cousin and threw her to the floor. Disbelief filled her as he looked down on her with an emotionless stare.
“Look at you. Barging in here making a fool of yourself.” He glanced over to her cousin. Walking over to the sobbing woman, he wiped the blood from her busted lip. “Don’t cry baby.” He whispered into her ear. Quieting his mistress’s cries, he reached for a sheet and wrapped it around his waist as he turned to face Melody.
Profound rage gripped Melody, as she sprang from the floor and tried to attack him. Effortlessly, he caught her hand and tossed her away from him. She trembled from the weight of her anger, her chest heaving up and down she could barely breath. The hole that was in her heart was killing her.
How could he do this to her? She had given him everything. She’d gotten him his job, even helped him pay for this condo and he had the nerve to be screwing the family whore.
 “Don’t look so hurt.” A cruel smile worked on the edge of his lips. He was mocking her pain. There was no remorse in his handsome features. She didn’t recognize the man standing over her now. “Look, it was fun while it lasted but, come on, marriage.” He cringed at the word.
How could he be disgusted when he was the one who proposed to her? Telling her how much he loved her, needed her. Like a fool she believed him. God, how could she be so stupid for trusting him. She had heard he was a dog around the workplace, but she thought she could change him. She thought her love could change him. Yeah, she was stupid all right. The realization of it all hit her like a brick as she looked up at him. Forcing herself to stand she straightened her clothes, narrowing her eyes on him.
“Don’t look at me like that. You can’t be mad; you knew what I was when we first met.” He stood so close to her his breath ran across her face. She wanted to gag when she smelled the whore’s sex on his breath. “I mean what man would pass you up. I mean you gave me everything. Shit, you even brought me this condo and for what… love?” He arched a brow.
“I never loved you. You were just a means to an end. Look at me. How could I love someone as plain as you?” He pushed a strand of hair out of her face. She would have called it affectionate had he not had a stern frown on his face. He looked at her as if she was the most repulsive thing he had ever seen. “Now get out my house.” He went to shove her back towards the door. As soon as he touched her, she took her right knee and kneaded him in the one place she knew would hurt for days to come. She made sure to hit him hard too, she wanted him to hurt the way she was hurting right then. She watched him double over in pain. Then she looked over to her cousin, who was wise enough to remain silent through the whole thing.
She wanted to kill the bitch, but that wouldn’t change anything, only give her a murder case and get her locked in jail. Gathering herself, she looked back down to her ex-lover. Grief wracked her as she walked out the bedroom door. Once she was in the hallway, she burst out in tears. She hated him, but most of all she hated herself for being too weak and needy. She wanted to be in love so bad that she fell for the one man who refused her love and he had used her like she was nothing…
“Mel, are you ok?” Kelly asked as she watched a range of emotions play on her friend's face.
“Yeah I’m fine. What were we talking about?” She replied, trying to get her thoughts together.
“We were talking about you and the fact you need to loosen up a little.”
“And do what? Be a slut like you?” She joked. Laughing with her best friend made her feel a little better.
“Don’t hate the player, hate the game.” Kelly said, taking another sip of her drink.
“Whatever.” Leaning back into her seat, Melody watched numerous people dance and grope each other on the dance floor.
“Oh yeah baby, bring all that sexy manliness over here… girl, you need to turn around and look at this tall sexy thing walking into the place.” Melody raised her eyebrow at Kelly. The poor girl just drooled all over herself when she saw a fine man. God help her, should she see anyone who looks as good a Brad Pitt.
Shaking her head, she turned around to see what Kelly was gawking at.
Good lord. The man was sexy. Even from the distance that he was from their table, she could tell the man was seriously built as he walked through the crowd. But even as that thought crossed her mind so did another thought that told her something wasn’t right about him. A tingling sensation went down her spine when his eyes locked on hers.
Oh my god. Melody gasped as she saw his blood red eyes, but as soon as she blinked they were a dark green.
 I’m seeing things again. Melody thought, but something about the aura around the man made the air around him dark and dangerous. Yeah, it was time for them to go, because in a few more minutes he was going to be at their table.
“Come on Kel, we should get going.” Melody whispered to her friend, who seemed to be paying her no attention.
“No,  I’ll be right back Mel.” Kelly said. Before Melody could stop her Kelly walked over to the stranger. Melody watched with wide eyes as the man licked his lips and she saw the tips of his teeth… no, he had fangs and not the fake kind those were real life fangs.
Shit. Melody thought as she ran behind her friend, but the crowd had thickened, making it hard for her to catch up to her oblivious friend.

Aprophis watched with hungry eyes as the woman approached him. He coked his head to the side to get a better view of her body. Oh yes, she looked tasty. He could already picture sinking his fangs deep into her neck and draining her of all her blood. Yet, she wasn’t the one he had come here for. It was the other one she was with, the one who was trying to push her way through the crowd to get to her friend. Little did she know that he was the one causing the people to block her way. She wouldn’t be able to get through unless he wanted her to. But she could wait. It was her companion that he was focused on right now.
“Hello beautiful.” He said to her. She smiled at him as he gave her a quick once over. She was a petite little thing, with perky breast and a round ass that he could palm while he took her. He guessed she was a little over twenty four. The short blue dress she wore hugged her body, and its deep V-neck left nothing to his imagination. She had big brown eyes that were encased within a heart shaped face.
“Well, hello to you too. Want to dance?” She held out one manicured hand.
“No, I would much rather have you in a more intimate setting.” He grabbed her hand a led her through the entrance of the club.
“KELLY!” He heard her friend scream, but it was useless. She couldn’t get through the crowd and he was on his way out the door.
“Where are we going?” She asked him all but in a daze. He held his fingers to her lips to silence her. He hissed when she nipped the tip of his fingers. Oh, she was a feisty one. He liked feisty. He led her to the alleyway behind the club. It was dark, the perfect place for what he was about to do. In the shadows where no one could see them, he grabbed her by the arm he pulled her to him. Placing his hands over her mouth, he sunk his fangs deep into her neck. Her scream was muffled by his hand as he gulped her life essence. When she went limp in his hold, he extracted his fangs. He licked the puncture wounds on her neck so they would seal. He didn’t need the scent of blood drawing any extra attention. Scooping her up in his arms, he disappeared from the alley.
“Sofaria!” He yelled as he appeared in the spacious living room with the woman in his arms. Walking into the bedroom, he found her lying in the bed.
“You didn’t touch her did you?”  She got off the bed and walked over to him to inspect the woman.
Ignoring her stupid question, he dropped the woman on the bed. Good thing they had a soft mattress or she would have probably broke her neck from the way he tossed her into the bed. Still, she was attractive, but of no use to him other than what he needed her for.
“So, she is the one we are going to use? What if it doesn’t work?” Slowly turning, he leveled his gaze on her. She stood in front of him with her arms folded across her chest as she shifted her weight from leg to leg, acting as if he posed no type of threat to her at all. Her disregard for his power made his blood boil. Even if he couldn’t kill her, he damn sure could cause her more than enough pain. So much so that she would wish she was dead. That’s exactly what he was going to do if she said one more thing out her mouth.
“It won’t fail.”  He growled through clenched teeth as he turned back to look at the woman on the bed.
“Sounds like I heard that before.” She laughed.
That did it. His tolerance was gone. Turning on her with movements faster than her eye could keep up with, he punched her in the stomach, knocking her off her feet. He looked at her withering on the floor, helpless, and he felt himself harden. He licked his fangs. Using his powers, he lifted her off the floor, stripping her of her clothing in the process. She opened her mouth to speak, but he cut off her words. Fear played in her eyes as he pinned her face first to the wall. Spreading her legs, he stripped himself of his clothes and walked up behind her. Oh yes, he had two women for his entertainment. He was going to enjoy himself tonight in more ways than one…
Stepping away from Sofaria, Aprophis looked around him. He needed to learn how to make less of a mess. Yet as he looked at her lying on the floor in a fetal position, covered in blood, he wanted to start all over again.
“Get up. You have five minutes to get your ass out of my sight and go do what I need you to do.” Aprophis hissed as he used his powers to pick Sofaria off the floor. Healing her, he sent her to the club where he just left.

Where did she go? Melody thought frantically. She scanned outside with panicked eyes. She saw no sign of Kelly or the man she had left with. All she saw were dark alleys. Ok, maybe she needed to calm down. She knew Kelly often left the club with random men. She had told her to stop doing that a long time ago, before she got herself hurt. God, she hoped it wasn’t anything serious. But deep down she knew Kelly wasn’t okay, which is why Melody had called her over ten times before she reached her car. Soon as she reached for her door handle she felt the air around her sizzle. She turned around slowly. She froze when her gaze fell upon two glowing yellow eyes. The woman in front of her was beautiful, but Melody could feel the aura of death around her.
“Hello, Melody.” Her voice was low and deadly.
“Who are you?” Melody tried to take a step back, but her car was behind her.
“I’m Sofaria.” She smiled, showing a pair of pointed fangs.
Melody reached for her car door. The woman was there in an instant, holding it shut as Melody’s eyes widened in fear.
“Now, now, sweet Melody, don’t run. I really hate to chase down my food.”  She smiled. But the smile didn’t reach her eyes. They were still fixed on her. They stared at each other for a moment before the woman grabbed her by the arm and tossed her into her car.
“I don’t understand why I have to do this when Aprophis can do this himself. I’m tired of this game him and Radien are playing.” Growling in obvious frustration, the deadly female pushed Melody harder into the car door.
Radien and Aprophis? Who the hell were they? Well, she would have to figure that out later, right now she had to get away from this crazy woman. Relying on her few years of karate, she kneed Sofaria in the stomach. Feeling the woman’s grip release her, she hit her again in the forehead. Seeing the woman double over in pain, Melody ran back across the street to the club doors. Before she could reach the club door the woman appeared in front of her.
What the holy hell? Melody thought as she stopped dead in her run. She started at the woman whose eyes were no longer yellow but coal black. Melody tried to turn and run the other way, but Sofaria flung her hand out and Melody was in her hands with the woman’s hand around her throat.
“I told you not to run.”
Melody gasped for air as the woman cut off the air to her lungs.
Sofaria watched the woman in her hands turn two shades of blue. She wanted to kill the female. But if she killed her, Aprophis would make her wish she was dead. Deciding its best not to piss off the monster she called a mate, she started to loosen her grip on the female.
“I wouldn’t do that if I were you.” She felt the air around her stir. As she turned around, her fear got the better of her. Her eyes grew wide as she looked bright light coming from the alley, she had been hiding in.
“Now, where are you going Sofaria?”
Melody watched half aware as a tall figure stepped from the shadows. She held her breath as he calmly walked out of the shadows to where her attacker was standing.
What was she supposed to do now? She couldn’t let the woman go, but at the same time she didn’t want to fight with Radien. Sofaria felt herself slip into panic as he approached her with a slow and deadly walk.
“I can tell you what you are going to do.” Sofaria backed up as Radien continued to stalk towards her.  “Let her go and I might not kill you. But then again, I’m not in a really good mood, so I suggest you decide quick before I kill you anyway.”
“I’m not scared of you Radien.” She tightened her hold around the woman’s neck.

Radien watched as Melody’s eyes rolled in the back of her head. Growling, he lunged for Sofaria. He gripped her by the throat, causing her to drop her target on the ground. “I told you to let her go. Now, I want you to give Aprophis a little message for me.” He watched her eyes widen in fear as he manifested a dagger in his hand. Before she could think, he plunged the dagger all the way to the hilt into her stomach. Tossing her to the ground, Radien used his powers to send her back to Aprophis. He didn’t have to know where he was because it was in her memory already.

Aprophis wanted to kill Sofaria. How dare she even think about coming back to him without the woman? She was the key to unlocking the ultimate power. He was growing tired of her failure. Growling, he forced himself not to use his powers to kill her at that very moment. “I sent you on a simple mission. All you had to do was bring her back here.”
“I was but Radien showed up. What was I supposed to do? Get myself killed?”
The way he was feeling right now her dying seemed to be a good idea. He glared at her sitting on the bed with their newest accomplishment. Had Sofaria managed to get the woman he would have no need for her friend, but as it was, he was going to need her to lure the woman away from Radien and into his clutches. He pictured having her screaming in fear of him, the same way he had seen the fear in her when he had her in the Dreamscape. Had his powers been at their strongest he could have killed her there, but going a few days without his mate’s blood had weakened him.
“At least you get to use your new toy.” She said as she brushed a hand over her cheek. Aprophis cocked a brow at that. If he didn’t know any better he would swear by that little show of affection his mate was attracted to the little woman. But then again hounds were sexual creatures by nature.
“Yes.” The word came out more as a hiss than a word. “I could use her now.” He stared at the woman who was still asleep on the bed.
Standing over the woman in his bed, he contemplated where would be the best place to take her blood from. Ah... he knew exactly where he could take it from. Licking his lips, he walked over to the edge of the bed where the woman’s legs were parted. Bending down between her legs, he inhaled her scent. He could feel his fangs growing in his mouth. He glanced over to his mate who looked less than pleased at where he chose to drink from. He assumed it was mainly because she was going to have to lick the wound to seal it. Growling, he sunk his fangs deep into her inner thigh, as soon as he felt the hot liquid rush into his mouth, he swallowed. He took strong pulls to keep the blood pumping into his mouth while he stared into his mates hate filled eyes.
Aprophis drank from her until he started to feel her body grow cold. Rising up from between her legs, he licked the drop of blood that started to fall from the tip of one of his fangs. “It’s your turn.” He watched as Sofaria laid herself between the woman’s legs and sealed the wound. Then she tilted the woman’s head and opened her mouth. Slitting her wrist, she watched as her blood poured into the woman’s open mouth. A moment later the woman’s eyes snapped open and she latched on the Sofaria’s wrist. She let her drink from her until most of her breed blood coursed through her body. When she felt the woman had enough, she snatched her wrist free.
“Good girl.”

“Shit.” Radien whispered as he scoped Melody into his arms. The moment he felt her body touch his, an unimaginable heat coursed through his body. Shaking his head, he pushed back the unwanted feelings as he used his powers to open her car door. He eased her into the back seat. Once he was sure she was secure he closed the door and got into the driver’s seat, it was a tight fit and it took some maneuvering to get in a position that was comfortable. But he was glad to have his powers back as he started the car and headed out the club parking lot.
Pulling up at the red light, he heard her stirring in the back seat of the car. Glancing at her in the mirror, he felt his heart rate speeded up. She was beautiful to him. While she was nowhere near as beautiful as Persephone, she still made his mouth water and his body pulse with desire. The black dress she wore was similar to the one she had worn in Dreamscape, falling loosely over her wide hips and thighs. She had full cheeks and lips, long lashes and a button nose that he found adorable. Her thick black hair was splayed out across the back seat and he wondered if it was as soft as it looked. Taking a deep breath, he noticed her car was filled with her scent. The smell of sweet plums and woman filled his senses, hardening his body.
Come on Radien, focus damn it. Now is not the time for your damn hormones to kick in. He thought angrily to himself. Rolling down the window he let the night air flow through his nose. He closed his eyes as he sorted through the wide range of smells until he found the one he was looking for. He floored the gas and followed the trail of her scent to her house.
Chapter 6

Melody woke up gasping for air. Her eyes frantically searched the room, trying to get a bearing on her surroundings. Lucky for her, she was in her own bedroom. How had she gotten here? Sitting up, she rubbed her temples as she tried to remember everything that had happened last night. But all she could remember was the life being strangled out of her. Touching her neck, she could still feel the woman’s hand around her throat…
“Kelly.” She whispered as she searched for her phone. Finding it on her night stand, she dialed Kelly’s number. No answer. She tried her best not to sound panicked as she told Kelly to call her back as soon as she could. Hanging up the phone, she looked around her bedroom. Everything seemed like a bad dream that she couldn’t wake up from.
“Good, you’re awake.” Melody snapped her head to where she heard the voice come from, the room was pitch black except for the moonlight coming in through her windows. She could see the shadow of a man on the wall, but couldn’t place where exactly he was in her room. Out of instinct she reached beside her bed for her club that she kept next to her night stand.
 “I’m not going to hurt you. So put the club down.”
Yeah, like she was going to do that. Jumping out of her bed, she ran towards her bedroom door. Only to have her path blocked by a solid six foot eight inch body. How did he get there before her? She knew her room wasn’t enormous, but it was still big enough that from her bed, she should have been through the door before he reached her. He took a step toward her, thinking he meant to grab her, she swung her club before she could land a good hit he caught it in his hand.
“You can take whatever you want, just don’t… don’t hurt me.” She trembled from head to toe as his grip tightened on the club, preventing her from taking another swing at him.
Radien arched a brow at her comment. Because what he wanted right now was to strip her of her all too revealing dress and lay her on the bed so he could devour every inch of her body. He wanted to feel her body arch into his body as he took her and have those thick legs wrapped around him as he did it. Just touching her made him rock hard. Her scent had driven him crazy since he walked into her house. Now that he was in her bedroom all he wanted to do was to was taste her.
“The money is in safe in the kitchen behind…” Her words rushed out of her.
Well, that jerked him back to reality. Did she really think he wanted her money?
Well of course she does Radien. She just woke up to a strange man in her house. What else would a human woman think? Radien sighed before he spoke again.
“I’m not going to hurt you. I only want to protect you.” She tensed, the scent of her fear enticing him.
“Protect me from what? How did you get into my house?” Melody tried to jerk her hand away, but all she managed to do was get his grip to tighten on her. She had to force herself to calm down. She had to have a clear head if she was going to get away from him in one piece.
Radien watched as she took deep breaths to calm herself down. He could feel her breath through his clothing and it made him ache. She relaxed a little. Radien took another step closer to her. So close that he could feel her body heat. Her lips were slightly parted and all he wanted to do was lean in and see if they were as soft as they appeared. As soon as that thought crossed his mind, he felt her shift her body. Before Radien could react, she kneed him in the groin… hard.

Melody watched as her attacker doubled over in pain. She didn’t wait for him to recover as she ran through her bedroom door. She made a mad dash for the stairs, but as she reached the top of the stairs, she felt the air stir around her. She stopped in the middle of her run as he appeared out of nowhere, blocking her way down the steps.
What the hell? She froze as her mind struggled to process what was happening around her. This can’t be happening to me. I know I’ve got to be seeing things people don’t just appear out of thin air. Yet she stood there gaping at a man who just did. She wanted to scream, but it was stuck in her throat. She started to turn and run back to her room where she had dropped her club, he had grabbed her by the arm, which sent tingles through her body, and spun her back around to face him. She looked up at him and stared into his… glowing eyes? When she looked into his eyes reorganization hit her, why hadn’t she noticed that before? Duh, maybe because she was too busy running for her life to notice those unholy eyes or pay attention to the way that his voice made her heart rate spike and goose bumps break out across her flesh.
Radien watched as the reorganization of who he was hit her. Reaching out with his powers, he wanted to feel her emotions. He felt her panic, her fear and anxiety. But most of all he could feel her desire as she started to remember the nights they had shared in her dreams. Her desire sparked his. Letting go of her arm, he watched her watch him.
“You’re him.” She looked at him in disbelief as he stood in front of her watching her with an intense stare that sent chills down her body. He was even more beautiful than in her dreams. Devilishly handsome, his face looked as if it was chiseled to rugged perfection. He had a firm and square jaw with high cheek bones, along with a straight nose and long lashes. He was the perfection of masculinity with his hair pulled back into a loose ponytail. His full lips looked as if she could suck on them for days.
Melody remembered the way he had kissed and she felt the heat rise from within her body. His eyes were strange and yet beautiful. Forcing herself to look away from his face, her eyes traveled along his well-muscled body, a body that was covered in perfect golden skin.
Lord Have Mercy. He was gorgeous. Even though he wore a black T-shirt, she could see that underneath was a body that would make any woman drool. He had long muscled legs that screamed power and agility. For that matter, his whole body oozed with raw animal power and dominance. But there was also this dark aura surrounding him. Something in him that said he could and would kill anyone or anything and there was no one who could stop him. In her dreams he was intimidating, but now, in the flesh, he was overpowering. And it was making her hot and heavy.
“What’s going on? How can you be real?” She took a step back.
“Right now we have bigger problems than how I got here.” Radien watched as the panic returned to her face. For some reason he found her to be extremely sexy when she was scared. His groin jerked in response. He forced himself away from his perverted thoughts, again. He continued to speak. “You are in danger, Melody. There are things coming after you that want you dead. One of which you’ve met already. We have to get you out of here, before you are found.”
“Who’s after me? What is going on?” She stared at him awaiting his answer.
“I’ll explain everything later, right now you need to come with me…” Radien had grown impatient with her questions.
Go with him? Was he for real? Melody Sonders took orders from no man. No matter how good he looked in a pair of black slacks. Once she had realized who he was, her fear had been replaced with anger. She was not about to get ordered around by some behemoth of a man.
“Don’t you dare take that tone with me mister, I don’t care you if do look all big and bad you do not order me around.” Melody walked up to him and pointed her finger at him. “Now, you are going to tell me what is going on.”
Radien growled as she touched his chest. Even that slight touch sent a jolt of desire through his body. Against his better judgment, he pulled her into his arms, crushing her body into his. Melody started to protest until he captured her lips with his. The heat from that kiss stole her breath away and sent shivers to her body. As his lips moved decadently against hers, she could just imagine what he could do with them on other parts of her body.
Radien growled low in his throat as he tasted her. His tongue danced with hers as he moved his hand to the back of her head, making their kiss deeper, while the other hand was on the small of her back, pushing her closer into him. She tasted divine and gods help him, he wanted to explore every part of her body.
Melody knew she should have pushed him away. There was something seriously dangerous about him and yet she knew, from some deep down part inside of her, that he would never hurt her. She loved the feel of his hand in her hair as they kissed. It reminded her of a hold of possession and passion. His dark manly scent invaded her senses. Never in her life had she tasted a man like this. The worst part of it all was that she didn’t know his name.
“Mel.” He whispered against her lips. Her need went up a notch at the sound of her name on his lips. “We have to go somewhere safe. He knows where you live.” He broke away from her body and she immediately missed his warmth.
“Who’s he?”
“Aprophis,” he said the name like it was supposed to mean something to her. She stared at him with her arms across her chest, waiting for him to explain more, while she tried to regain control over her over active senses.
“And he is?”
“Do you remember the last dream that you had?” Of course she remembered the last dream she had. Well, parts of it anyway and those were the parts that caused her face to turn three different shades of red.
Radien groaned at her thoughts. She remembered her dream alright, but it wasn’t the part he needed her to remember. Walking up to her he placed his hand over her forehead.
Melody gasped as she saw two men fighting in her dream. She barely remembered that part of her dream. She looked on horrified as one of the men turned into some type of monster. Radien removed his hand from her when he felt her panic return. Good, she was smart enough to be scared of Aprophis but then again anyone would be scared of something that looked the way he did.
“No such thing exists. No one can turn into that… that thing.” Melody gaped at him as she realized what he just did. “How did you do that?”
“I could show you a lot of things.” She didn’t miss his double meaning behind that comment or the wickedness that played in his eyes.
Yeah, Ok. This is all some bad joke. There is no way something like this is real…
Yeah, right Mel, so explain why that sexy piece of meat is still blocking you from the stairs. Melody shook her head clear of her thoughts. There was just no way this was happening to her. She was going to wake up in a few hours and get ready for work. None of this was real. 
“I’m not going anywhere with you. Who do you think you are?” The fact that once again she wasn’t in control of her life sparked her anger. Why were men always trying to tell her what to do?
“Do not question me.” Radien narrowed his eyes dangerously at her. How dare she stand there and give him attitude when he was the only thing standing between her and a very painful death. He wanted to choke her, just put his hands around her neck and… drag her mouth to his so that he could feel her lips against his again.
Damn it, focus. It was kind of hard with her standing there tempting him the way she did.
“You think you can just barge into my home, my life and tell me what to do…” She stared at him. She was so tired of men trying to tell her what to do. She didn’t run from anything, nothing was going to make her up and leave the life she worked so hard to create… Nothing. 
“I am the only thing standing between you and death so I suggest you start listening to me. You know that mouth of yours is starting to get on my nerves.” And this is why he wouldn’t take a mate; he couldn’t waste time arguing when there was so much that had to be done.
“I’m getting on your nerves. I’m not the one who came looking for you. I didn’t ask for you to come and save me.” She snapped.
“If it wasn’t for me, you would have been somewhere far worse than here.”
“There’s somewhere worse than being stuck here with you. I highly doubt it… Know what, I’m going in my room and if you poof your big ass in my room, I’m going to gild you.” With that she stormed into her bedroom and locked the door behind her.
Melody leaned on the door trying to get her thoughts together. She didn’t believe in this paranormal crap. She refused to believe that people could just poof out of thin air or that they could turn into horrifying monsters. Shit like that didn’t happen in real life and certainly not in hers. Sighing, she climbed into her bed. She looked at her alarm clock.
After 3am. Good, at least she could get a few more hours of sleep before she had to get ready for work. She lay back on her pillows and let the softness of her bed soothe her. When she closed her eyes all she could think about was her uninvited guest and how he took control over her mouth. She could still feel his lips on hers and feel his hand in her hair. Even now she could hear him walking around her home.
Her heart raced as she heard his steps coming closer to her door. Part of her hoped he would just leave her alone, but another part of her wanted him to come in and take control of her again. Oh good grief Mel get a hold of yourself, you're getting yourself all overheated over a cute face, that the same thing you did with Craig and look what that got you. Yeah, she knew what it got her… it got her humiliated and hurt. Frustrated with herself, she turned on her side and forced herself to sleep.

She wanted him. Her thoughts told him as much and at that moment he wanted to go and take her with a savage need. The animal in him wanted her, begging that he take her. To avoid giving in to that urge he walked back down the stairs into the living room. He had looked around her house earlier while she had slept, but now he took the time to notice it. It was spacious to say the least. He could change into his hound form and wouldn’t have to crouch down to keep from hitting his heads on the ceiling. He walked around the black sofa that was sitting in front of a large plasma screen TV. He noticed a picture on a shelf on the back wall of the room. Picking up the picture of her and her sisters when they were younger, a wave of sadness went through him as he thought about his own brothers. At one time they had been the best of friends. That was, until he had decided to play around with a certain goddess in more ways than one. Now they couldn’t stand the sight of each other. He had been foolish back then, to think him and Persephone could have a future together. His father had tried to warn him, but he wouldn’t listen. Now he wished he would have. It would have saved him a lot of heartache.
“Radien?”
Speaking of the devil.
“Yes.” He used to love the sound of her voice when she said his name. Even now, it still had more of an effect on him than he would like to admit 
“Are you ok?” She touched his shoulder and it sent chills down his body. He didn’t answer her as memories of them swam in his mind.
“What are you doing here? Go back to your husband.” He whispered as he fought back his buried emotions. He had loved her more than his own family and she had left him the moment she could.
“I came to see if you were ok. I could sense your pain. Please talk to me. We used to talk to each other about everything.”
“We did, but now you are married.” Her concern washed over him. In this moment of weakness, he wanted nothing more than to grab her in his arms, again, but it was too late for that now.
“Radien, my sweet Radien do not cast me out. I only wish to be there for you. You are still in my heart.” She tried to turn him around but he didn’t move. Instead, she appeared before him. The tender look on her face made his heart break a thousand times over. He should push her away, he couldn’t, too many emotions were going through him. Emotions he hadn’t felt in centuries, old emotions for Persephone, the guilt over the loss of his family, and the new emotions that he felt for the woman upstairs. Against his better judgment, he found himself pulling her into his arms, reliving the kiss they had shared a few days before in the underworld.
 “Come with me, Radien.” She whispered against his lips. When he didn’t answer she pulled back to look into his eyes. “Will you come with me?”
Weak from his own mixed desires all he could do was nod.
 
A moment later they were in Persephone’s bed chambers on Mt. Olympus. As he lay naked on the bed, Persephone’s hands roamed over the cuts his stomach. Reaching under the sheet, she stroked him. As she toyed with him, it was another woman’s touch he craved. In that split second he didn’t want Persephone to be the one touching him. It was Melody that his body called out for.
“I can’t do this.” He couldn’t betray himself again. Moving to get out of the bed, he found that leaving the goddess beside him was easier than he thought it would be. If only Persephone would let go of his arm. Then he could return to the woman he truly wanted. Pulling him back to the bed, she climbed on top of him, silencing his protest with a tender kiss on the lips.
“I just want to make you feel better…” She whispered in his ear. A groan escaped his lips as she nibbled on his earlobe while stroking him with her hands. Damn her. She knew his weakness with his ears. All of his breed would crumble under the touch of a woman rubbing their ears. He was no exception.
Get your ass up Radien. He tried to persuade himself to leave, but she slid herself onto him. He groaned as she took him completely inside her. He watched her ride him with hooded eyes. She rode him slow but the animal in him didn’t want to make love to her. What he needed right then was animalistic, a basic need. Growling, he rolled her onto her back while he stayed inside her.
“Oh gods. Yes Radien. I’ve waited so long to have you.” She moaned as he thrust himself inside her. Radien barley heard her moans of pleasure as he drove himself inside of her. He closed his eyes and pictured that it was Melody he was with now. That Melody was the one with her legs wrapped around him, moaning his name with every thrust. He wanted it to be Melody, who was holding on to his behind trying to force him deeper into her.  It wasn’t Melody’s face, he saw when he looked down. Something inside him ached that he would enter another woman other than the one he wanted, but he pushed that thought aside as he watched Persephone scream out his name in pleasure. With a few more hard thrusts, Radien joined her with a climax of his own. He howled as he felt himself explode into a million pieces. He fell on the bed next to Persephone. Pushing her away as she tried to cuddle with him, he rose from the bed. One itch had been scratched, but the main one remained.
“Radien, my love what is wrong?” He watched as Persephone’s face filled with confusion.
My love. Radien cringed as those words echoed in his head. She had called her husband the same thing and here she lay naked with him calling him “my love.”
“I’m not your love Persephone. You and I both know that. Do not sit there and sell me some bullshit.” He waved his hand and covered himself in clothes.
“Radien, why are you talking to me like that? Did you not enjoy yourself?” She asked.
“I have to go.” He went to flash himself back to Melody’s house, but Persephone appeared in front of him. She stared at him with intense eyes, trying to feel out his emotions.
“Will you come back to me? Can I come to you? Remember you said that if I needed you for anything that you would come. Or did you lie to me.” She stood back so she could see him fully.
“I did not lie to you.”
He watched as she eyed him from head to toe, licking her lips. He wondered if he was the only one to touch her beside her husband.  Judging by how easily she had opened her legs for him, she had answered his question. He questioned if Hades knew what his wife did when she was not around him. No, of course he didn’t know, because if he did, Olympus would be missing a goddess.
“Good, now my love. I shall see you again won't I?” Walking over to him, she pressed her body firmly against his. He didn’t respond as he shrugged her off and vanished back to Melody’s house.
Damn me and the things I get myself into. Radien thought as he reappeared outside the bedroom door. Using his breed senses, he listened to Melody’s even breathing. Good, she was still sleeping, which gave him a few moments to himself. He needed to get cleaned up and his thoughts in order.

Persephone sat in her chambers, sated and content. After all these years of wondering what Radien would be like in bed, she finally got the chance to find out. She knew he would be phenomenal, and that he was. All that raw animal need and power in one package made her toes curl. Now all she had to do was keep him coming back without her husband knowing.
Radien had been the most beautiful creature she had ever seen, even her husband could not compare. Back then it had pleased her to no end when he whispered words of his love. The joy that danced in his eyes when she told him she loved him delighted her to no end. Just when she thought she would fulfill her goal of having him, Hades came to her and took her as his wife. She had hated him for a long time because of that, but she grew to love him. Yet a part of her still yearned for Radien. Now, after tasting him, she was never going to give him up. Not even Hades could stop her.
Getting out of her bed, she clothed herself. She should have cleaned herself up, but she loved the way Radien’s scent invaded her senses. That is, until she felt the air around her stir. Turning around, she found her husband glaring at her. Covering the shock on her face, she used her powers to cover Radien’s scent before Hades could notice.
“Will you not come home? Where you belong?” His eyes pleaded with her, but his body was stiff, his voice, emotionless. She stared at her husband and remembered a time where Hades made her burn for him, but over the last few centuries that desire had dimmed down. It wasn’t that he wasn’t a good lover, it was just he showed no emotion sometimes and it made her feel useless or unimportant. There were a number of times where he had expressed some type of emotions toward her; she could count that on one hand.
“Hades, you put your hands on me. How could you?” She watched as a tic started in his jaw.
“Imagine how you would feel if you walked in on me with another woman. I’m sure you would have done a lot worse to me than I did to you.” He took a step toward her with his hand outstretched.
Hades held his hand out as he watched his wife’s face. He knew he was wrong for placing his hands on her, but his anger had gotten the better of him. He loved her above all else and would do anything to get her to return home to him. It was bad enough that he went six months out of the year without her. He couldn’t stand the thought of wasting any more time arguing with her. He just wanted to love her. “Please. Come with me.”
Persephone could hear the crack in Hades voice as he begged her to come home. She loved the power she had over him. Smiling, she took his hand. As soon as she touched his hand, he wrapped his arms around her and pulled her close to him. She had to concentrate her powers to make sure he didn’t smell Radien’s scent on her body.
 
Chapter 7

It was dark where she was. She couldn’t see her hand that was stretched out in front of her.  There was another room somewhere around. Feeling for the wall, she used it to guide her in the direction of the voices. She walked further into the dark room. The room was quiet except for the voices on the other side of the door that was in front of her now. She ran for the door… just as she reached for the handle of the door, she was jerked backwards onto the floor.
“Let us see if our guest is awake.” She heard a voice hiss. It sounded more like a snake talking rather than a person. She watched horrified as shadows covered the light that was coming through the small barred window. She stopped breathing as she stared into a pair of red eyes. Eyes she knew all too well. Panicking, she pulled at the chain.
“There’s no use. You are trapped here until I feel like letting you go.” The huge figure walked into the room, blocking out all the light.
“It’s kind of dark in here. Let me give you some light.” It snapped its fingers and torches lit up around the room. “Now, can you see?”
Terror gripped her as she looked at the monster in front of her. She had seen it in another nightmare she had, and it was still as terrifying as it had been the first time she had seen it. She looked around the small stoned cell for something, anything she could use to defend herself from this monster. But there was nothing, only the wall where the chain that held her was set in.
“There is nowhere for you to run female…” he sniffed the air. “I can smell your fear.” He came to stand in front of her. With a wave of his hand, he lifted her off the ground. “You are a beautiful female. Much more than my mate… I wonder what is hidden beneath those clothes.” Instantly, her clothing was stripped from her. She shook from head to toe as his red gaze traveled over her body. Hot tears freely fell from her face. Closing her eyes, she tried to imagine she was just dreaming all that was happening to her.
“I would love to touch you, but in this form I’m afraid I might kill you.” He hissed. She felt a rush of relief come over her, but it vanished the moment she heard him laugh, the air whipping around her. Opening her eyes, she expected to see the monster in front of her. But standing in front of her now was a man. Or that’s what he appeared to be but those red eyes still stared at her.
“Wh… what are you?” Her voice trembled as she spoke.
“I am every nightmare you have ever had.” He lowered her back to the floor. He walked over to her. She tried to run, but she was held in place by some unseen force. She cringed as he unrolled his tongue and ran it across her face then over her chest. “I’m going to enjoy this.”
She wanted to hit him, to do something to fight him off. But she couldn’t, instead she spit in his face. A smart woman would have been too scared to do anything but she wasn’t that smart. She watched as his eyes flashed to black. Before she could blink again, she felt herself being slammed into the wall. Her head bounced off the wall as she came crashing down to the ground. Gasping for air, she felt herself being pinned to the wall. Her arms and legs spread. She wanted to scream, but no sound came out. She was trapped with no way out…
Melody woke up screaming. Her body shaking as she took in her surroundings. Relief flooded her as the sunlight poured in through her window, pushing back all her dark dreams. Pushing herself out of her bed, she headed towards her bedroom door. She pressed her ear against the door and listened for any sounds that were out of place. She heard nothing but the usual silence that surrounded her house.
 It’s just a dream, Mel. Damn, get a hold of yourself. Yeah, then why could she still feel his serpent tongue on her body? Trying her hardest to pull herself together, Melody reached for the door knob with trembling fingers.
“Are you ok?” Melody screamed at the voice that came from behind her. She had been hoping all of last night had been a dream. But it was just her luck that it wasn’t. Her body still shaking, she turned around.
She still couldn’t get over the size of this man. He looked so huge and out of place in her home.
“I’m fine.” She lied. She was anything but fine. Between her dreams and this stranger that had to ability to pop in and out of a room, she felt like she was slowly losing her mind or lost her mind rather.
“You’re lying to me.” He took a step towards her.
Her first instinct was to take a step back, but she refused to be intimated by him or her nightmares. Crossing her arms over her chest, she gave him a peeved stare. But it was hard to focus when his body seemed to be glowing in the sunlight. She thought he was gorgeous man before, but was she wrong. He was radiant now and once again that foreign part of her body started to ache for him.
 Damn it. She needed to get her hormones in check.
“Don’t tell me that I am lying. You’re no one for me to lie to.” She said, with more of a bite than she intended.
He scoffed at her. “Then why are you lying to me now?”
His calm, rational tone was starting to piss her off. She wasn’t happy that he could see right through her. For some reason she didn’t want him to see her as weak.
“Look mister…”
“Radien” he stepped closer to her. So close that all she had to do was lean in two inches and she could rest her head on his wide chest. She wanted to inhale his scent, but feared her knees would become weaker than they already were.
“Look Radien.” Her voice was distant as she gazed at his chest, moving up and down with his breathing. Never in her life did she think someone could look sexy just by breathing, but he sure as hell pulled it off well.
Radien arched a brow as he waited for her to finish her sentence. He knew she was lying to him, he could feel her fear. He heard her screaming as she woke up this morning, and her body was still shaking. Although he didn’t think the shaking part was from fear, but rather her own desire for him that she seemed to be fighting. It amused him, actually; she was much different in her dreams than in real life. In her dreams she was fun and adventurous. But in the human realm she fought against herself.
“I am looking.” He pressed his hand against her cheek. Warm and soft under his touch, he hardened instantly. He held her gaze with his, her wide brown eyes holding him captive.
Melody was speechless as he stared at her. The heat in his eyes matched the heat that was zapping through her body. She felt herself lean into him. Instantly her eyes closed and her nostrils flared so that she could inhale his scent. At least she thought she was going to smell him. Instead, he smelled like… another woman. She tensed as anger washed over her body.
But why should she be angry? He wasn’t hers and she damn sure wasn’t his. Even so, she felt a vicious stab a betrayal go through her.
Old memories flashed through her mind of Craig. She flinched as their breakup played through her mind. She vowed to herself that she would never be used like that again, and now the man standing in front of her had the scent of roses hanging on to his skin
Men, they are all the same. How could she expect someone like him to truly want her?  Pulling back, she gave him a hard stare.
“Melody? What’s wrong?” Confused, Radien reached out for her.
“Don’t touch me.” Knocking his hand away, she continued to stare at him in a mix of anger and hurt.
“Wh-” The soft scent of roses caressed his senses. Radien cursed himself as he realized Persephone’s scent lingered on him. “Wait, Mel, no, it’s not what you think, ” he stepped closer to her. “Please,” he begged, “don’t look at me like that. Let me explain.”
Not again. Tired of men and their games, Melody steeled herself against her pained emotions. Never again would she let another man hurt her and bring her to tears. No matter how much she wanted to curl into a little ball and drown in her sorrows. “You need to go.” She said through clenched teeth. How could she be so stupid and think for a second a man like him would want her? She knew she was attractive, but she wasn’t a supermodel. She wasn’t what someone like him would want.
He did save your life though. And there was that kiss… yeah, and now he smelled like someone else. So let’s not fool ourselves. She thought as she pointed towards her bedroom door, waiting for him to get out.
“Melody,” Radien wanted to comfort her, but he knew it would be no use. She had her mind made up about how he felt about her.
Why bother telling her that he thought she was beautiful? She wouldn’t believe him, especially if he stood there smelling like another woman.
“Just go.” She moved out of the way so he could get by.
“If that’s what you want.” With that, he vanished from her sight.
 Tears stung her eyes as she continued to stare at the empty space in front of her.  Never again… never. There was no way she was going to let some strange man come and turn her into some big cry baby. She had a life to get back to and with that thought in her mind, she went to her bathroom to shower then dress for work.
Chapter 8

OBLIVION

Oblivion, the realm where the Universes lived, who were the physical embodiments of life, death, and dreams, beings who wielded more power than the gods, only their creator stood above them. Oblivion was the place where the life stream of the world flowed through the black sky. This was a place the not even Zeus, himself, could reach. It was a quiet and calm place far away from corrupted humans and gods. This was the place Radien came to find solitude, but now as he stood in the darkness with only the blues and greens of the life stream giving him light. His mind was confused and troubled. He couldn’t believe he had been so stupid as to sleep with Persephone. Yet what continued to baffle him was the fact that Melody could smell through his covering power.
His emotions were out of control. He couldn’t think clearly, he made the mistake of sleeping with the one goddess that he shouldn’t have. But it was Melody’s hurt eyes that pained him the most. He didn’t want to see her hurt; he saw the tears she was holding back. He had seen some of the memories that flowed through her mind. She had been hurt by a cheater before. He should have known.
“Damn it.” He cursed to himself. He didn’t want to feel this. He didn’t want to have these emotions. Emotions, that took him lifetimes to bury, now they were all out and suffocating him. He needed to get it together. He needed to focus.
“Why are you troubled my son?” He heard a voice in the air. The air rippled with uncharted powers. He knew who it was before he turned around. “What is on your mind?”
Radien looked at the Universe of life, Bion. Even though Radien’s powers were unsurpassed by most, he had to admit that Bion was an intimidating force. He looked at the being that was easily double his size and at least a foot taller than him. His long white hair pulled back from his ageless face. In many ways Bion reminded Radien of himself, but then again, he should since he was his father. He was almost a perfect image of his father, except for hair color. Even his eyes gave off the same holy white light as his father’s. Radien watched as his father walked over to him. Power filled the space between them as they stood face to face.
“Father,” Radien grudgingly inclined his head.
“It’s not like you to be so troubled my son,” Bion stared at Radien for a long moment “the only time I have seen you like this was with that whore of a goddess.” His voice was filled with so much disdain that Radien cocked a brow at his father.
“Don’t look at me like that… Is it not a woman who is troubling you now?”
Radien was in no mood to fill his farther in on his love life again. The last time he did that it cost him a woman he thought he loved. Then again, maybe he should be thanking his father.
“You have to let go of the past my son. If you don’t let it go then you will destroy yourself and those around you.”
“I have let go of my past.”
“Have you?” Bion cocked a white eyebrow at his son.
“Yes.” Radien answered in a clipped tone.
 Bion scoffed as he started to pace.
Radien had been around his father long enough to know that his pacing was never a good sign.
“Speak, father. There is some place I have to be.” Radien was growing more impatient by the moment.
“Don’t you dare order me around boy, I am your father you’d do well to remember that.” He paused and glanced at the life stream. The light played against his serious face.
“Yes, you do have somewhere you need to be but it can wait, especially since she isn’t speaking to you right now.”
Radien didn’t say a word as he and his father stared at each other.
“I suggest you pay attention to what I am going to say. Because if you don’t it won’t be just your life that you end… Do you understand me?” Once he was sure he had his son’s full attention he continued. “Have your powers been working the way that they should?”
If his father counted him, letting a worthless god bind his powers as “not working right” then yeah his powers were acting a little screwy. “No.”
If his powers were able to be tampered with… who had that kind of power that could limit him?
“You need to understand that this is not just about some devil that wants to kill a god. Aprophis wants to free The Trio so that they can resurrect Gazini.”
The hits just keep on coming.
“But be thankful that Alrik is guarding Gazini’s hidden chamber. It gives us enough time to prepare ourselves.”
Great, this day was just getting better moment by moment. “Damn it.” Radien cursed with a clenched fist. “What’s going on?”
“A lot” 
“A lot? That’s all you’re going to say… a lot.” Radien had to fight the urge to use his powers on his father.
“All in due time my son.” Radien held an angered stare on his father as he watched him summon two chairs for them to sit in.
Was he serious? He just mentioned war was coming and now he wanted to sit and have a heart to heart.
“Will you sit?” His father indicated to the chair that appeared in front of him. Groaning, Radien took the seat. They held each other’s gaze, trying to read each other. After what seemed like hours Bion spoke.
“She is going to need you. You can’t run from your fate.” His father sat back in his chair with folded arms. Crossing one leg over the other, Bion narrowed his eyes on his hard headed son.
“I don’t have time to-“
“You have time to hear whatever I have to say to you.”  Bion spoke his voice calm and collected.
Oh yeah, Radien wanted to strangle the being sitting in front of him. He wanted to smack that smirk right off his face. “I am not some little pup that you can control.” Radien stood. He tried to flash himself to the human realm, but he still remained standing in front of his father.
“You will not leave until I am done with you. You may surpass many beings in powers, but I am not one of them so you will sit.” Radien eyed his father. The air of nonchalance that surrounded him made Radien’s blood boil. But he knew better than to test his father, he had done that once before and it didn’t turn out too well for him. Instead of lashing out he sat back in his chair and mimicked his father’s posture.
“So talk, since you have me entrapped here.” Radien didn’t even try to hide the disdain in his voice. He sat in the chair with anger rolling through him as he looked at his father.
If he doesn’t stop smirking I’m going to wipe the smirk off his face my damn self.
“Why are you hiding yourself?” Bion said after a long moment of silence had passed between them.
“Excuse me, hiding?”
“Your hair is not normally all black. Where are the white strands of your hair?”
“I like all black.”
“Really?” Bion crocked a brow “and what about your breed markings?”
“Habit.” It was a simple enough answer.
“You make it a habit of hiding who you are?”
Radien didn’t respond. Instead, he glared angrily at his father.
“Radien…” His father’s voice had grown deep and mysterious.
He hated when his father started talking in his ancient voice. It made him feel like he was a child all over again.
“You shouldn’t hi-“
“I hide from no one.”
“You don’t? Then why are you here rather than dealing with your problems?” Bion waited for Radien to answer. When he didn’t, Bion continued to speak. “That goddess you lust after is nothing but an underworld whore.”
Radien remained silent.
“You think she’s not? Then why has she betrayed her marriage bed by sleeping with you? Then there is your mate.”
“She is not my mate.” He had to force himself to stay in his seat and not attack his father, it was getting harder and harder with each second that went by.
“She is your mate, whether or not you take her is another choice all together. She has to know what you are and what she is about to become before the devil is allowed to free the first beast. If I were you, I would make her mine before another takes her from you.”
“What does that mean?”
“I mean exactly what I said. You need her just as much as she is going to need you.”
“I don’t need anyone.” Radien said as a tic worked in his jaw. What he needed to do right now was to leave, before he hit his father. He stood from his seat as he continued to stare at his father.
“Leaving already?”
Radien ignored him as he flashed himself back to Melody’s house. It was quiet when he popped in. He glanced around, listening for any sound that would tell him if Melody was home. But there was nothing.
Good, she wasn’t home. Thankful for small favors, Radien flashed himself into the guest room and lay on the bed. He had to get himself together, he was useless like this. Taking a deep breath, he forced himself to sleep. It was still the middle of the afternoon, he had a few hours before Melody got off work.

Melody paced her office. She couldn’t get her thoughts in order; there was so much on her mind that it was hard for her to focus on one thing at a time. She hadn’t heard from her sisters or Kelly in the last few days. Something was wrong, she could feel it. It was a feeling that made her stand on edge. It wasn’t helping that the mark on her shoulder was throbbing and actually starting to shock her.
What the hell was going on? Where was everyone?
She rubbed her shoulder as the throbbing intensified into a painful pulse. Walking over to the full length mirror that hung on the back of her office door, she pulled off her shirt. She turned her shoulder to the mirror so she could get a better look at it.
How strange? She would have sworn that the mark was some distorted shape, but now it appeared as some intricate design. It was demonic yet strangely beautiful. Touching the mark, she wondered what it could mean.
“What is going on? How… ouch!” Jerking her hand away, she stared at her hand, confused as to where the stinging pain suddenly came from.
Could it be because of him? Ever since he had popped into her life, the stinging of her shoulder had gotten worse. It made no sense, yet she couldn’t help but feel her house guest was responsible for what was happening to her now. Her gaze went back to her reflection in the mirror.
I still look the same. Physically nothing had changed. Then why did she feel as if something was awakening inside of her.
Why am-
Pain sliced through her forehead. Legs weakening, Melody braced herself against the mirror to keep from hitting the floor. Moaning through the pain, she closed her eyes in an effort to ease her throbbing temple. As her pain increased, her world shifted, taking her from her office to a dark place in her mind. At first the vision was clouded, after a few moments the shadows began to take solid forms and faces.
She held her breath as she watched the figures. There was some type of animal, a dog it looked like, being dragged by its tail into a dark cave in the woods. Its body was battered and bloodied. Melody recognized the man that carelessly dragged the animal. She would know those eyes and evil features anywhere; it was the same man that Kelly had left the club with.
Suddenly the vision shifted and she saw a woman’s body lying in a steel cage. Unmoving, it looked as if death would claim her at any moment. An odd knowing sensation went through Melody.
How could that be? Even though the hair on the woman’s head was soaked in blood, she could still tell that she had a head full of pure white hair. Last time Melody checked her hair wasn’t that long or white, yet she couldn’t shake the feeling that it was her in that cage.
Injuries and bruises covered her body. There was a deep gash on the side of her head that blood was flowing freely out of. But what horrified her most was the ripped flesh of her stomach. Something had been rammed straight through her… repeatedly. Melody looked at the stone dungeon that she was in. It was the same one she had been held hostage in when she was dreaming. As she took a step towards the cage a man she had never seen before appeared, and the aura around him screamed death. She froze in place. As if he could sense her, he turned his hellish gaze towards her, a slow smirk spreading across his face. Before she knew it, he had shot something out of his hand, straight into her. Then she was in the cage, feeling every broken bone, cut and bruise in her body. She wanted to scream, but she was too weak, barely able to open her eyes. Tears streamed down her face as the feeling of death and failure consumed her. Slowly, the vision started to fade, but the image of her lying in a pool of her own blood stayed branded in her mind.
Sobbing, she collapsed to the floor. Holding, her head in her hands as her tears fell from her face. It couldn’t have been real. Shaken, the need to reach out to her unwanted house guest was almost too much to ignore. Yet she refused to lean on him for anything. She’d rather deal with her hateful sisters than him. Gathering herself, she ran for the phone on her desk. Quickly as she could, she dialed her sister’s home number. It took three rings before she heard Harmony’s annoyed voice through the phone.
“Harm?”  Melody sobbed into the phone.
“Melody? What the hell is wrong with you?” Melody was so relieved to hear the sound of her sister’s voice that she ignored the hostility in it.
“Thank goodness that you are ok.”
“Of course I’m ok. I’m talking to you, aren’t I?” Why did she have to do that? Melody would never understand why her sister was such a bitch to her.
“I’ve been calling you for days. Where have you been? Did you speak with Aaron? How is she? Where is she?”
“Melody, stop with the questions. You’re giving me a headache. Get a hold of your damn self.” Harmony let out a tired breath.
Her panic had left her and now her sister’s attitude was starting to piss her off. Taking a deep breath for patience, Melody stood and walked around her desk to sit in her chair. The hot leather stuck to her bare skin of her legs as she leaned back into the chair.
“If you must know I have been in Paris for the last few days. One of the companies was having some trouble, so I had to go down there and check it out.”
“You could have told me that Harmony.”
“I guess I could have. If I would have known that you would be constantly calling me I would have. You’re acting as if I dropped off the face of the earth or something.” Harmony clucked her tongue.
“You guessed you should have told me.” Melody felt her aggravation building. Her sister could be so difficult sometimes. “But as long as you’re ok then that’s all that matters.”
“I was fine until you called me…. Damn it Melody, you sure know how to ruin someone’s mood.”
Ok, now she was pissed off. The ungrateful bitch could have at least pretended to care that she had been worried about her. But no, all she was concerned about was her mood and what she was doing.
“As for Aaron, last time I spoke to her, she was off on one of her little adventures. Now if you will excuse me, I have company to entertain”
Now that caught Melody’s attention. Before she could ask her sister about the company she was entertaining, Harmony hung up the phone. Hanging up her end of the phone, Melody tried her best to not think about the vision she just had. She was relieved to know that both of her sisters were ok, but the foreshadowing of her vision was still in the back of her mind and she couldn’t shake the feeling that something very bad was coming for them.
Angered by her sister, it was time to call it a day. As she stood to leave her office, her cell phone rang. Glancing at the caller ID, she saw Kelly’s home number.
“Kelly?” She whispered into the phone.
“Hey Mel, how are you?”
Hey Mel, is that all she had to say? No, she had some explaining to do.
“Where have you been?” Melody practically yelled into the receiver.
“I’m with a friend right now.”
That didn’t explain anything to Melody. She wanted to reach through the phone and strangle her friend to get some answers out of her, “a friend?”
“I don’t have long to talk.” Melody took a second to listen to her friend’s words. Something was wrong with Kelly. Her voice didn’t contain the same life and happiness that it had before. She sounded half dead. “I just wanted to let you know that I’m ok.”
Yeah, right. “I’m coming over.”
“No!” She screamed so loud Melody had to hold the phone away from her ear. “You can’t. It’s not safe for you to come here.”
“Whatever trouble you are in, I can help.”
“I have to go Mel.” Just like that she hung up.
Melody stared at her phone. She was seriously getting tired of people hanging up on her.

“Was that her?” Kelly turned to where the sound of Sofaria’s voice came from. It was a voice that she had grown quite used to hearing in the last few days. She looked at Sofaria as she stood in the door of the kitchen with a frown on her face.
The woman was beautiful and made her heart skip every time she looked at her. It was weird. Kelly had never been attracted to women before, yet there was something about Sofaria that she couldn’t resist. What surprised her most was Sofaria’s reaction to her. She had expected the woman to laugh at her or push her away but instead she had embraced her affections, even returned them. Sofaria showed her just how pleasurable being with a woman could be. Then again Sofaria wasn’t a normal woman, was she? No, she was a hound and mated to the creature that slept in her basement during the day so the sun couldn’t touch him. Only then were they allowed to be with each other.
 Kelly watched as Sofaria walked over to her, she looked as if she glided over the tiled floor.
“Was that her?” She asked again as she reached Kelly. Staring into Kelly’s eyes, she placed her palm on the side of her face. It was a soft caress that sent fire through her body.
“Yes.” She spoke against her palm. They both knew they shouldn’t be together but they couldn’t stop themselves. If Aprophis found them together, he wouldn’t hesitate to kill them both.
“You do know she is going to come and make sure you are safe.”
Kelly nodded.
 Sofaria stepped back and crossed her arms over her chest. “He will know the moment she steps into this house.”
She nodded again.
“We cannot let Aprophis be here when she comes.” Sofaria softly spoke to Kelly as she studied Kelly’s panicked expression. For the life of her she couldn’t understand her reaction to the human woman. As a rule hounds were never attracted to the same sex, let alone a human. Yet there she stood, in the small black and white kitchen, wanting to erase the fear she saw in those dark eyes; every fiber in her being screamed for her to protect the precious jewel in front of her. It was a possessiveness that she should have for her mate, but what she felt for him was nothing but hatred.
The night she first laid eyes on the woman still played clearly in her mind. Sofaria had watched her and her friend laugh and joke from the shadows of the club. Kelly had fascinated her; the sound of her voice was all she could hear. As much as she wanted to walk over to the table, she knew better. Watching them, she craved to touch the outline of Kelly’s lips, to gently caress her face. Aprophis’s appearance was the only reason she stuck to the shadows. Observing from a distance, she couldn’t understand why Aprophis hadn’t lured out the Trinitymate instead of her friend. The need to warn her, to stop her, to pull her into her arms and vanish far away had consumed her. Before she did something to get herself killed, Sofaria disappeared back to the penthouse.  Returning to bed a moment before Aprophis appeared with the human in his arms. As soon as she laid on them, she wanted to take Kelly from him.
“Go now.” He had hissed at her. She started to protest, but Aprophis waved his hand and flashed her into the alley behind the club.
Anger and rage flowed through her as she thought about what he had done to them that night and the nights after. He had put them through as much physical abuse as they could stand and then some. But Kelly had been lucky, Aprophis could only take her in his human form. Just the thought of him touching Kelly in any way made her vomit in her mouth. She wanted him dead, she wanted to consume his powers, but above all that she wanted to humiliate, to defile him the way he had done to them. She wasn’t stupid though, she knew she couldn’t beat him alone; especially not with half of her power flowing through him.
Melody was the only one who could free them.
“How are we going to get him away from here?” Kelly’s voice broke Sofaria out of her thoughts. She stared at Kelly for a long moment before she spoke.
“I don’t know, I will think of something.”
She just prayed that her plan didn’t get them both killed.
Chapter 9

Persephone anxiously paced the halls of the castle. Restless, her thoughts were spinning out of control. Thoughts of Radien and the time they spent together consumed her. She could still feel him in her body, could still picture him moving like a wild animal on top of her.
What she wouldn’t give to have him like that again. But he hadn’t responded to any of her calls. And to top it all off, she hadn’t gotten a read on his powers since he left her. Her anxiousness was going to drive her up a wall. For a long time she walked up and the long hallway of her palace with her arms wrapped around her body. Cold and dark, the torches that used to burn were now old and dead.
She, herself, was cold and dead on the inside. There was a time when these halls were filled with her laughter. But that was many years ago when her marriage was young, a time when she was still in love with her husband.
Sighing, she summoned fire to light the torches. She looked at the golden hallway as the flames danced on the walls. Her gaze traveling to the end of the hall to the double doors of her bed chambers, where her husband lay sleeping. At least that’s what she thought until she felt the air behind her stir. She didn’t turn around as his heavy footsteps echoed behind her.
“What’s wrong my love?” He touched her shoulder. When she didn’t respond, he wrapped his arms around her.
 Persephone fought the urge to cringe away from his touch.
 “Persephone?”
 “Nothing is wrong Hades, my love.” She lied.
“Why do you lie to me? Why are you pacing these lonely halls when you should be in bed next to me?” He pressed a kiss to the nape of her neck. She tried not to tense when she felt his lips against her skin, her body didn’t listen, as it went ridged from his touch. Gods, how she wanted to be anywhere but where she was. She wanted to vanish to her mother’s temple, but she forced herself to stay in place.
Hades felt his wife’s body stiffen in his arms. For the life of him, he couldn’t figure out what was going on with her. She had become cold and distant towards him. He remembered a time, when he would wrap his arms around her and she would lean into him, resting her head on his shoulder while holding his hands. He would stare down into her smiling face and see a fire that only burned for him. Now, that fire was gone, extinguished before he had a chance to see it dying out. It seemed that recently any time he tried to show her attention, affection, she would turn him away. Each time she refused him, scowled at him like he belonged in the darkest parts of the underworld it cut him deep in his soul.
Hades didn’t understand what was going on with his wife. He suspected it had something to do with that mutt. Her behavior changed since he appeared. Gods, if there was anything going on between the two of them, there wouldn’t be any power in the universe that would keep him from killing the both of them.
“I’m just worried that is all.” He heard her finally say.
“Worried about what? Tell me what has you acting so out of character.” He whispered as he pushed her long hair away from her ear so he could kiss it.
“Hades, please, I’m in no mood to talk.” His body stilled behind her. Warning bells instantly went off in her head. If she didn’t stop acting strange he would quickly put two and two together. Her husband was anything but dense. And the last thing she needed was for him to try and kill the object of her desires.
“My love,” softly speaking to him, she wrapped one of her hands around his. “I am just worried about that disgusting creature and what he is planning. I haven’t felt his presence in a very long time.”
“Isn’t that what your mutt is for? To fetch the wretched creature?”
Mutt. She hated when Hades called him that. If he only knew what that mutt was capable of, he wouldn’t be so quick to insult him.
“You sent him into the human realm with his powers bound. What if something happened to him? I swear Hades sometimes you can be a real, pardon my language, dick.”
Caught between disbelief and anger, Hades could only stare at the goddess in front of him.
Absurd, she defends him to me. Slowly Hades was reaching his breaking point. Why did his wife constantly take the side of the dog? She married him, not the mutt. Her loyalty should be to him first and no one else. If he didn’t know any better, he would say his suspicions were right. “If the dog would have been killed I am sure we would be dead by now too.”
“You are right my love. I just hate sitting here waiting for the devil to attack us.”
She’s lying to me… again. He no longer knew the woman in front of him. This new Persephone, the one that lied to him, was something he didn’t think he would ever have to deal with. He had watched her lie to everyone, her mother, other gods, and even the king of the gods himself, Zeus, but never did she lie to him… until now.
“Is that all that is troubling you?”
“Yes.” It was a partial lie actually. While she was concerned about Aprophis, the need to see Radien was an itch she had to scratch.
“Come back to bed, my love. Let me take care of you and ease your mind.” He kissed her on the neck.
A sly smile spread across her lips at his choice of words. Those words brought back images of her and Radien from a long time ago when they would lay wrapped in each other’s arms…
Persephone loved the way they would lay in bed, wrapped in each other’s embrace. She felt as if nothing in the world could harm her. She always felt that way when Radien was around. Lying with her legs over his body, her head resting on his chest, she would listen to his soothing breathing. Her hands traveled up and down his hard stomach while his hands played with her hair that fanned out over his arm and the bed. She loved the sensation his touch caused in her body. His love was a blanket that she could wrap around herself many times over
“What’s wrong?”
“Nothing.” She said as she continued to move her hand up and down his stomach.
“Don’t lie to me.”
 She hated how he could read her so well.
Sighing, she got out of the bed and walked over to the fireplace. She could feel the air around her electrify as he came up behind her. Wrapping his arms around her, he pulled her back into his body, his presence, making a number of naughty images flash through her mind. All of which had left her breathless and needy.
 Gods, she wanted him, but he wouldn’t cross that line until he told his brother about them.
“Talk to me Persephone, what’s wrong?” He whispered into her ear. Feeling his warm breath against her neck made a moan escape her lips. “Is it Adien?”
“Yes. I do not wish to hurt him. He is a gentleman and does not deserve that.” She paused. “I never want for anything when he is around. He showers me with affection, but…” Her voice trailed off as she watched the flames play in the fireplace.
“But, he is not me.” He finished her sentence for her.
She stopped watching the flames to turn in his arms. As the air turned with her, his scent invaded her nose. She had never smelled a man that smelled as good as him. Burying her face against his chest, she inhaled his intoxicating scent as his arms tightened around her.
“He is nothing like you.” She spoke into his chest. Gods, how she wished Adien had this effect on her. It would have made her life so much easier. However, Adien didn’t possess the kind of power and strength that Radien did. The power Radien possessed made her weak in the knees. The fact that he only had eyes for her made a smile spread across her face. If Adien had been anything like the male she had in her arms, her eyes never would have strayed.
“No one is like me. You of all people know that.” He paused, tilting her head up by the chin so that she was looking at him. “Adien has his own strength and power that will be just a powerful as mine when he is fully mature.”
“That is the problem Radien. No one makes me react the way you do. Every time you come near me and touch me, I feel as if my body is going to explode into a million pieces. No, there is no one like you in the entire universe.” She sighed as she broke away from his hold and walked around his massive figure. Before she could get far away from him, he grabbed her by the hand and pulled her back to him.
“Pres.” He said as he stroked her hair. The tender look on his face made her start crying. “Come and rest. Let me ease your mind.”
Persephone could have refused him, she should have told him to leave that first night, but she couldn’t make the words come out. She wanted to be with him in any way possible. She needed him like she had needed air to breathe, maybe more. She had fallen in love with him. Deep down, she knew she wouldn’t deny him anything.
“Persephone?” Hades voice brought her back from her daydream. She was glad she wasn’t facing him because she knew he face was flushed. After a brief moment she regained her composure and turned around in her husband’s arms to face him. She looked into his hurt eyes. He knew something wasn’t right. It killed her to keep a secret like this, yet it was something she had to do.
Staring into his face, looking deep into eyes that showed her so much love and compassion, she remembered a time where she could stare into his eyes for eternity. Back then he had been magnificent, something out of her reach yet she possessed him anyway.
What had happened to their marriage for it to end so fast?
“I’m going to talk to my mother to see if she knows anything. I will be back shortly.” Placing a quick kiss to his lips, she vanished from his sight.
 Hades stood in the hallway, his temper was taking hold of him. His wife never willingly went to her mother when she was supposed to spend time with him. His rage boiling, Hades flashed himself to the deepest part of the Underworld to let off some steam before his anger got the better of him and he killed his wife.

Persephone stood in the meeting hall of her mother’s temple. Looking around the immense white marbled room, she made sure none of the other gods had sensed her arrival. Sure that she wouldn’t be found out, she walked down the hall into her bed chambers. Opening the door, her senses were attacked by the smell of sex. Her body came awake as she smelt her and Radien scents mixed in the air.
Gods, how she missed him. She walked into the room, using her powers she put clean sheets on the bed. The last thing she needed was for anyone to find out what she had done. Content that Radien’s scent was gone from her room, she sat on the bed. Her thoughts churned as she recalled the look on Hades’s face when she left him. Hurting him was not her intentions yet she couldn’t help the feelings that were stirring in her.
Radien. She needed to see him. No matter how hard she fought against herself the need to see him, to be with him remained. Sighing in defeat, she held out her hand and summoned her powers. Manifesting her energy until it took the form of a crystal, sparkling like a thousand diamonds. She reached out with her powers to find the object of her obsession.
When she laid eyes on his sleeping form, Persephone’s mouth instantly watered. His massive chest was bare and moving slowly up and down. His breath slow and rhythmic as he lay on the bed with one massive arm covering his face and power full legs hanging over the edge bed. Even in his sleep, his power radiated to her like a homing beacon. Through the crystal she could feel the air around him ripple from it. Feeling all that power made her hot.
He is the one I am supposed to be with… Hades. She thought of her husband with a mix of anger and affection. As much as she tried to persuade herself to go back home, she flashed herself into the room with Radien. She stood in the corner of the room watching him. She smiled as the sun setting light played across his body. His golden skin stretched by the bulging muscles of his body.
Standing from a distance, just looking at him wasn’t enough. She needed to touch him, to feel him, to look into his glowing eyes and know that he only wants her. Approaching the bed as quietly as she could, her heart hammered in her chest. The closer she came to him the more she could see the sweat that formed at his brows.
What is he dreaming about? She wondered. Curious, she continued to walk towards the bed. Sitting softly beside him, she watched him sleep. What he was dreaming about? She watched his lips start to move. He started mumbling in his sleep. She strained to hear him.
“Mel… don’t go.” His words made her heart stop.
Why was he dreaming about another woman? A twinge of jealously spiked in her. The urge to zap him a god bolt was almost too much to ignore, but she thought better of it. If she knew one thing about his breed, it was that hounds never liked to be disturbed from their sleep. She had heard stories of those who had made that mistake. Most of them left with missing body parts or worse… dead. She wasn’t that suicidal.
While she wouldn’t wake him violently, she would wake him gently with soft kisses and gentle caresses. Slowly, cautiously, she eased her body over his, she hovered above him. She half expected him to jerk awake, but he was in such a deep sleep, he only groaned, and then went back to his mumbling. Carefully as she could, she lowered her body closer to his. As soon as their bodies touched, she felt his hand around her neck. His eyes flew open as she gasped for air. She stared into his eyes that were no longer their usually glowing light but completely black.
Ignoring her struggles, he sat up, his grip tightening around her throat. He let out a deep predatory growl that echoed through the room.
“Radien… Let. Me. Go.” Each word was a gasp. When he didn’t respond, his grip getting too tight, she tried to flash herself away from him, only to realize she couldn’t. Terror crept inside her. With wide eyes, she stared at his emotionless face. She felt herself losing consciousness. Her eyes rolled in the back of her head as she drifted into blackness.

“Radien… Let. Me. Go.” He heard the words; it just took a few moments to register in his mind.
Persephone? Slowly coming to his senses, Radien realized that his hand was wrapped around the goddess’s throat. Her limp body sat in his lap.
Shit. He let his hand fall from her throat, watching as she fell backwards to the floor. Her breathing came in shallow breaths. Bending down, he picked her up and walked her over to the bed. Laying her down, he held his hands over her lungs and throat, his healing powers flowing into her, to help ease her breathing. Sure that she was able to breathe better, he stepped back and watched as her eyes slowly opened.
“Radien.” She said hoarsely as she sat up and rubbed her neck.
“What are you doing here?” He stood over the bed glaring at her, his aggravation with her presence evident in his tone.
“Radien… I…” Her stuttering annoyed him.
“You what?”
“I wanted to see you. I haven’t spoken to you. I wanted to make sure you were safe.” She said.
He stared at her as she gave him a bashful smile. Normally his body would have had a violent reaction to her. But he didn’t feel any type of heat go through him, even with her wearing a lace dress that he could see easily through.
“I’m not the one you need to worry about. You should be with Hades.”
“I’ve missed you.” She left the bed to stand in front of him. He watched as her hands made little circles on his chest.  There was hunger in her eyes as she stared up at him. “I’ve missed your touch Radien. You set me on fire… my husband is lacking.”
If he didn’t feel like rolling his eyes was a very feminine action he would have rolled them at that statement.
He backed away from her touch before he spoke.
“You need to leave.” His tone calm but firm. He watched her frown and folded her arms across her chest in a defiant position.
“Radien, why are you pushing me away?” She paused, studying him. “What were you dreaming about?”
Yeah, right, like he was going to tell her what he was dreaming about. He was really going to tell her that he was fanaticizing of a woman he thought was more beautiful than her, a woman that electrified all his senses and made his body pulse with desire. A woman, who had kicked him out her house and he had come back smelling her clothes, because he loved the way the smell of snow plums and woman in his nose. A woman, who had him, aching for her even when she wasn’t around… not likely.
“Nothing.” 
“Do not lie to me Radien. I heard you say her name.”
“Go home Persephone. Go home to your husband.” Brushing pass her, he headed towards the door. There were things he needed to do and dealing with her right now wasn’t one of them.
Persephone stood in the middle of the room with her emotions whirling through her. She couldn’t believe he was dismissing her like some common piece of trash. She watched him walk towards the door. Even in her angered state she could see how he moved like the predator he was. The recoiled power that flowed through him, made her want to…
Pushing those thoughts aside, she appeared in front of him, blocking his way out the room.
“Who is she?”
“It’s no concern of yours, Persephone. Go home and tend to your worthless god. You are trying my patience.” He said through clenched teeth, “what little patience I have.”
“How dare you try and dismiss me as if I am some cheap whore.”
He had a thousand responses come into his mind at her last comment, but he held his tongue. “She is none of your concern. Since I didn’t call you to me, you need to go.”
Persephone stood still blocking his way out the door with a shocked look on her face. She didn’t know what this woman was to Radien but she had to be important for him to talk to her in the manner he was. He had never spoken to her with a voice laden with so much distaste. He even looked at her as if she was the most disgusting thing he had ever seen.
 What the hell had happened in such a short time for him to stand there and talk to her as if he was scolding a child and not a goddess?
“Because you are acting like a child and I don’t feel like dealing with you.” He said. Then, with a blink of her eye, he vanished out of her sight.
Refusing to end this conversation before she got her answers, she felt for his powers. He was in the living room. She appeared behind him as he was looking at a picture of three human females. But his gaze was focused on the one in the middle. The tender expression on his face as he stared at the woman caused her rage grow.
As Radien stared at the picture of Melody and her sisters, he could feel Persephone’s rage. Knew she was behind him, but didn’t care. He continued to stare at Melody’s smiling face even as Persephone came up beside him. He cringed as she stroked his arm.
“Why do I have to go? What has changed your mind so quickly?” She looked at the picture in his hands. “Does she know about you? Aren’t you afraid that she will find out about us?”
A tic worked in his jaw as she spoke.
 No, he wasn’t worried she would freak out about what he was, matter of fact he thought she might like it after the stuff he had seen in her house. She had already seen him pop in and out of thin air and the only thing she did was throw him out her house. She hadn’t run away screaming or calling the police. That was a good start. But as far as her finding out about him and Persephone, that was another story. A story he was trying to avoid telling her, especially after the way she had reacted earlier.
Persephone watched Radien as he continued to stare at the picture. She looked at the woman and scuffed. The human was nowhere near as beautiful as her. “Do you think I would harm her?”
That question received a quick response. Before she could take another breath, he grabbed her by the neck, for the second time. He held her above his head as her feet dangled in the air. His face was distorted with rage. His eyes seemed to turn darker as his K9 teeth elongated.
She wrapped her hands around his to ease some of the pressure he was applying.
“So help me Persephone. If you touch a single hair on her head, I will kill you. Be damned what your worthless husband thinks he can do. Do you understand me?” His voice was no longer the same. It was dark and echoed in the air, the air around her hummed with the weight of his rage.
All Persephone could do was nod her head in response. She felt his grip disappear and she fell to the floor. Gathering air in her lungs, she rose to her feet. “How dare you Radien? What about us?”
“Us? You are still talking about an Us. Haven’t you gotten the clue Persephone, there’s no us. ‘Us’ died the moment you turned your back on me.” His voice was still dark. He backed up two spaces to put distance between them.
His words had hit her like a ton of bricks. “What about what we shared?”
“We fucked. If you weren’t so wrapped up in yourself you would have realized that.” He took two deep breaths as she started to walk towards him.  He calmed down… a little. He would remain that way so long as she didn’t touch him or say anything to piss him further off.
Persephone didn’t want to walk to him, but her feet wouldn’t stop. They moved on their own accord. She stopped moving when she was close enough to feel the heat from his body. She wanted to reach out to touch him though she knew he would repel whatever tenderness she showed him. His anger at her over the human woman hurt her beyond words.
“But…” Was all she could say.
“But what? I gave you what you wanted didn’t I? You wanted a taste of my body, I gave you that. You wanted a taste my power and you did. Now gather what is left of yourself and get out of my sight.”
Persephone stood in front of him unable to move. Her heart was breaking a thousand times over. She wanted to kill him for his mistreatment, but she knew better. He could kill her with a blink of his eye. She wanted to hit him anyway. She wanted to cry, to scream, to disappear. But most of all she wanted to hurt the woman who had replaced her, a human of all things.
Human… the word echoed in her mind. He was picking a flawed human female over the perfection and love of a goddess.
“Go to your husband. That is where you belong.” She heard him say. Turning his back to her, he picked up the pictures that had been knocked down.
“You over grown mutt.”
“Mutt?” He gave a bitter laugh as he continued to fix the pictures. “You have been hanging around that pathetic husband of yours for too long.” Still he didn’t turn to face her.
“You are the pathetic one, Radien.”
“Then why are you still here? Go home and crawl into Hades’s lap. Let him sate the desire you have because I am done with you.” He turned to her then looked her once over then turned to walk into the hallway. She flashed herself in front of him again. This time her finger was pointed into his chest.
“You do not dismiss me like some whore. I am a goddess. You are to bow down at my feet.” She poked him in the shoulder as she spoke.
“There goes that word whore again…” An evil smile played on the edge of his lips. “But a whore is what you acted like isn’t it? Weren’t you a whore when you took me into your bed while your faithful husband awaited your return home? Were you not a whore when he appeared in your room and you covered our scents?” He stepped closer to her and whispered in her ear. “Were you not a whore after you had been with me and you went to your husband?” pulling away, he continued, “were you not going to be a whore when you came here just now? Had I wanted you I could have taken you.”
“I love you.” She whispered. She didn’t recognize the voice that came out of her. It was distant and unknown to her. Weak… like the humans she despised.
He laughed at her words. “Loved, Persephone, loved. You no longer love me. What you love now is power. You used to love Hades, but now you love his powers.”
He let out a tired breath. “Get out of my sight.” Before she could blink, he waved his hand, sending her back to her mother’s temple.
Females. Radien thought as he disappeared from Melody’s house. He had important business to get done before he dealt for Aprophis.
Chapter 10

Around eight that night Melody pulled into Kelly’s driveway. Her skin crawled with the unwavering feeling that she was being watched. Sitting in her car, she looked at the house. If she hadn’t seen Kelly’s mini cooper in the driveway, she would have sworn no one was home. As it was now all the lights in the house was off. Cutting the engine off, she unbuckled her seat belt and got out.
A chill crept over her as she stepped foot on the front lawn. Something was really wrong. Wrapping her arms around herself, she walked towards the front door. She glanced around, taking in her surroundings. The street was darker than usual. There was only the glowing orange light from the street lights. It reminded her of a scene out of Wes Craven’s Nightmare on Elm Street.
All I need is for a something to jump out at me and attempt to kill me. Shaking her head at her bad humor, Melody knocked on the door.
No answer.
She waited, then knocked again, still no answer. Feeling uneasy, she knocked on the door harder this time. She put her ear to the door to listen for any sounds of movement. Faintly, she could hear footsteps getting closer. She stepped away from the door. Her heart racing, she prayed it was Kelly who opened the door. The way her luck was going it might have been someone or something else.
“Melody?”
“Kelly.” Relief washed over her as Kelly’s soft voice echoed from behind the door.  “Open the door, I’m getting paranoid standing out here.” She could hear the sounds of the locks clicking. A moment later the door cracked open.
“Come in.”
Frowning at her friend’s strange behavior, Melody stepped through the cracked door. Darkness greeted her as she walked pass Kelly, who quickly shut and locked the door behind her.
“Kelly, what the hell is going on? Why are all the lights out?” She cautiously walked further into the house. “Can you turn on the damn lights?”
“Sorry.” Kelly reached and flicked on the light switch on the wall next to her.
“Thanks.” Melody let her eyes readjust to the light as she walked into the living room. She had to give her friend credit. When it came to home décor, the girl could put together some colors. The walls were covered in a burgundy paint and the floor a plush tan. Kicking off her heels, Melody let the soft feel of the carpet caress her feet. She sat down on the chocolate sofa in the middle of the room and waited for Kelly to join her.

Kelly stood in the doorway of the living room with her arms folded across her chest. How was she going to handle this conversation? Melody deserved to know the truth, the whole story of what was going on. Everything that happened from this point on would forever change the course of her life. She needed to know what hunted her. As much as Kelly wanted to spill the beans, she couldn’t. It wasn’t her place. The only one who had the right and knowledge to help her friend transition into her new life was the only one man who could heal her broken heart.
“What’s going on Kel?” Melody watched Kelly in the doorway. Her arms and legs folded as she leaned back on the sofa waiting patiently for Kelly to answer.
Sighing, Kelly walked over to Melody and sat down next to her. “How have you been Mel?”
“Don’t avoid my question. What the hell is going on with you? I haven’t seen you since you left the club with that man.” She noticed Kelly wince when she mentioned the man. What had that monster done to her friend?
“I’m sorry.”
“Kelly, you have no idea how worried I was about you.” She reached for Kelly’s hand. Hoping to comfort her and ease some of the tension from her body. Holding on to Kelly’s hand, Melody couldn’t help but notice the sadness in her eyes or the light bruise under her eye. “What has that monster done to you?” Caressing the side of Kelly’s face, seeing her flinch as her thumb lightly grazed the bruise, pissed Melody off beyond words. Rage, anger, hate, for any man that would put his hands on a woman consumed her. There was no reason for her friend to flinch from a soft touch. “What has he done?” she watched as tears formed in Kelly’s eyes.
“It’s fine Mel, really” sobs caught in Kelly’s throat as she struggled to hold herself together.
“God damn it Kelly.” Wrapping her arms around her sobbing friend, Melody pulled her to her. Embracing her as only a friend could do.
“It will be okay” soothing her, Melody couldn’t help but wonder what had happened to her friend over the last few days.
“I’m so sorry Mel,” Kelly cried into Melody’s shoulder. Over and over Kelly apologized, for what, Melody had no idea, but she let Kelly get out all the cries and apologies she needed to; until she finally quieted down.
 Lifting her head, Kelly finally pulled herself together. She gave Melody a reassuring smile as she separated from her.
“There is so much that I want to tell you” wiping the tears from her eyes, Kelly faced Melody, trying not to let her concerned filled face affect her.
 “Like what?” Melody asked with a raised brow.
As Kelly went to open her mouth to warn Melody about the monster hunting her, a chill went down her spine.
“Kelly? What’s wrong? Why are you so pale now?” while she heard Melody’s questions, she couldn’t respond. Forbidding gripped her and wouldn’t let go. Frantic, her eyes searched the room, looking for anything out of place. Nothing seemed wrong, yet the feeling wouldn’t leave her.
“What’s wrong?” she felt Melody’s hand on her shoulder.
“It’s not safe for you here.” Jumping to her feet, Kelly grabbed Melody be the arm; pulling her from the couch. “He’ll be back soon.”
“What the hell is going on? And who the hell is he?”
“Mel, you have to go… there’s no telling when he will show up. Please. I don’t want you to get hurt.”
Get hurt? By who? Pulling free from Kelly’s hold, Melody stared at her frantic friend. Confused more now than when she walked into the house. Melody didn’t know whether or not her friend had gone completely insane.
“Kelly, if you do not tell me what the hell is going on, I swear, I am going to hit you.”
Kelly gave a heavy sigh in defeat. She should have known Melody wouldn’t leave without knowing the whole truth. Even with her fear of Aprophis popping in on them consuming her, she sat back down on the couch. Melody sat down next to her. Taking deep breaths, she faced her oldest and dearest friend.
“The devil is hunting you and he’s after your blood…”
For a long moment neither of them said a word, staring at each other in dense silence; until Melody broke their silence.
“The devil is what?”

Aprophis stood in front of one of the largest cages he had ever seen, the thalamus; a living cage that held one of the members of The Trio. He looked at the gates of the cage. Crafted from the bones and skulls of condemned souls, it scared off anyone who dared to look for the creature behind it. He could see why the thalamus was hidden in the darkest parts of Tartarus.
“You wished to see him with your own eyes.” Aprophis spoke as he stared into the dark mist in the cage.  “So you shall.” He turned around to Sofaria as she appeared behind him.
Sofaria watched Aprophis stare at the cage. After what had seemed like hours of begging and pleading, she had convinced him to show her the cage of the beast. In the hopes to give Kelly more time.
“A thing of beauty.” He admired the cage. Walking up to the blood covered bars of the gate, he savored the feel of the darkness coming from within it.
“I don’t see anything.”
He cast a murderous look at her. “Be patient.”
 He turned his attention back to the cage in front of him. He touched the gate, even though it was made of bones the bars pulsed under his hand.
“Iraon, Great Beast of Hate and Rage, come forth and show yourself.” He spoke into the cage.
The power that emitted from the cage heated the air around them. She looked down at her feet as the ground quake beneath her. The boulders that were on the sides of the thalamus cracked as the bars rattled. Sofaria looked to, Aprophis whose gaze was fixed on the darkness in the cage. She followed his gaze and watched as the mist seemed to turn into a shadow. Stunned, she watched as it became a solid form.

Iraon, the Great Beast, the incarnation of hate and rage took form behind the gate. Three sets of eyes appeared out of the darkness.  Red and black eyes stared at the two figures in front of him. He let out a deep and evil growl. It vibrated through the air. Then he let out a glass shattering howl. Sniffing the air, he inhaled the scents around him. It had been a long time since he had smelled fear on a female, it was almost foreign to him but it stirred his senses none the less. He loved the smell of fear almost as much as he loved the feeling of rage that he could feel radiating from the devil in front of him as he manifested to them in his true form.
By the gods… Sofaria’s mind struggled to comprehend the sight before her. What was she looking at exactly? There was no way this… this creature could be one of her kind, just no way. For her to call the beast in front of her huge would be an understatement. He was massive and surrounded by an aura so dark it made Aprophis look like a kitten. Easily, twice the size of a normal hound, his paw alone was larger than her in her breed form. While he reminded her of death incarnate, there was something sinfully beautiful about him. The color of his fur was a dark and rich crimson color, that she was sure shinned magnificently in the light. On top of each of his heads was a patch of black fur, while his ears were pointed with black tips. His nails, sharp and deadly, curled like an eagle’s talon, as his tail, thick and long, sported a speared headed tip. Taking a look at his teeth, she expected to see K9’s. Instead she was greeted with the sparkling tips of sharp fangs.
He was like nothing she had ever seen.
“Iraon.” Aprophis bowed his head in respect.
“Why are you here?” His voice was like a soft caress to her ears. She hadn’t expected the kind of voice to come from a beast like him. Yet at the same time, it contained the same type of darkness that surrounded him. It made her want to run as far away as she could with her tail tucked between her legs.
“No.” Aprophis actually managed to sound fearful… that made Sofaria terrified.
“Then why are you HERE!?!” The beast bellowed.
Aprophis cowered a little, but remained silent.
 He turned his attention to Sofaria, who remained motionless under his gaze. “And you? What is your name?”
As much as she wanted to run from his haunting gaze, she stood her ground. Refusing to be intimated by a creature that she knew thrived off of fear and intimidation. “Sofaria,” truth be told, if it wasn’t for the fact that he couldn’t get out of that cage, she would have hightailed it out of there a long time ago.”
“Sofaria there is no need to fear me…” He paused, lifting his heads again to smell the air. “But then again, the scent of your fear is enticing.” He ran his tongue over his fangs.
“Iraon.” Aprophis voice drew Iraon’s attention back to him.
“You do not demand my attention devil. You’re lucky I don’t kill you where you stand, for being so stupid. Do you have any idea how much time you are wasting? We should have kept you and your disgusting form in the depths of Tartarus, where you belong.” Power, the feeling of luxurious power coursed through him. The devil’s power, his anger, was exactly what he needed to refuel his dwindling powers.
Caught between wanting to lash out at the beast in front of him or sucking up his ego and enduring Iraon’s taunts, Aprophis choose the latter. Until he possessed the one object that would give him unlimited power, he would make no move against Iraon. For now, he would let his rage and anger simmer, until the opportunity to take all as his emerged. Shifting into his devil form, he was better able to deal with the creature in front of him; even if he was only half Iraon’s size.
Squeamish, Sofaria was sure that she would never get used to his devil form; his twisted figure, with hoofs and horns that curled and dripped poison from their tips, made for a disgusting sight. Vomiting in her mouth a little, Sofaria still enjoyed watching Aprophis being forced to obey a being more powerful than him.
Iraon stared at the devil in front of him. Once again he was reminded of how ugly a creature it was. Not that he would ever forget. Worse than his look, was the smell that was emitted from the pores of his skin.
Dismissing the devil before he killed it, he turned his attention back to the lovely female in front of him. “I know you are not human. I can smell the breed on you. What intrigues me is…” he looked between her and Aprophis “why you are here with him.”
She couldn’t speak as she stared into those blood eyes.
“She is my mate.” She heard Aprophis voice. It was filled with rancor, as if she was the most disgusting being the universe.
Funny, she felt the same way about him.
“Your mate?” for a long moment Iraon studied Sofaria, “how cruel of your maker to pair you with such a disgusting creature.” Something flashed in his eyes before he turned his attention back to Aprophis. “What of the other cages?”
Aprophis changed back to his human form. “You are the only one that I have found.”
“Interesting…” His gaze slid back to Sofaria.
“What is?” Aprophis asked puzzled.
Just how dumb was the creature in front of him. If he had known the devil was so easily manipulated he would have killed it a long time ago. He gave a hard look at Sofaria. “You haven’t told him about your little pet?”
Aprophis’s eyes fixed on Sofaria.
Turning her attention from Iraon, she focused her gaze on Aprophis. Before she could put up her defenses, he was inside her head, his power sorting through her thoughts and memories. Everything from the first time they touched, kissed, each other for the first time they made love, left her and flowed into him. She was just thankful that she was able to keep him from finding out that the key he needed so badly was within his grasp.
No matter what, she had to buy Kelly as much time as possible.
“Bitch.”  Hissing, Aprophis used his powers to throw Sofaria into the bars of the cage. He watched with dark satisfaction as she fell to the floor.
He walked over to her. A sadistic smile on his face as he looked down at her, with her arms wrapped around her side. She was injured and he took no mercy as he kicked her. Injured, he took no mercy as he repeatedly kicked her. Her agonized screams was music to his ears. The louder she screamed the harder he kicked her, until she could do nothing but choke on her own blood.
Pain rippled through Sofaria’s body, momentarily incapacitating her. Somehow she managed to crawl into the fetal position, protecting her face from Aprophis’s assault. Not that her efforts were effective. Using his powers, Aprophis dangled her limp body in the air.
“I knew you had a soft spot for the human.”
Struggling to drag air into her body, it was only a matter of time before she succumbed to unconsciousness. “I’m going to take more pleasure than usual in killing her.”
No!! The voice in Sofaria’s head screamed through the darkness. Slowly coming back to herself, she let her rage consume her. The need to protect the one thing she loved coursed through her, eliminating the pain she felt. Calling forth her power, she shifted into her breed form; the force of the change throwing Aprophis back, freeing her from his hold.
In her hound form it was easier for her to draw air into her lungs. The pain became more tolerable, thanks to her rapid healing powers. She barely noticed the pain of her broken ribs. All that mattered at the moment was tearing the monster in front of her into tiny pieces.

“My you are a beauty.” Iraon stared at the female hound in front of him. It had been centuries since he had last seen a female of the breed. He’d almost forgotten their beauty. Had he not been trapped in his prison, he would have taken her right then and there. It wouldn’t have mattered if she wanted him or not. Actually, he preferred the latter of the two. If she didn’t want him, she would fight him, her anger fueling him even more. Her rage would be an aphrodisiac to him. He would ravage her and sate himself before he killed her.
As for now, he sat back on his hind legs letting the rage and hatred that flowed between the pair seep into him as they fought each other…
Sofaria charged Aprophis as he rose to his feet. Tackling him to the ground, she covered him with one of her paws, holding him in place. She opened her jaws to attack him. Before she could rip out his jugular, he changed forms, hitting her in the side with one of his claws. She howled in pain as he wrapped his tongue around her middle neck. With each of his hands around her side necks he stood up.
Stupid mutt. She heard his voice in her head. You think you stand a chance against me.
No, she didn’t think she stood a chance against him, but she couldn’t sit back and watch him torture and kill the woman she loved. He would have to kill her first. Gathering what strength she had left, she whipped her tail out and wrapped it around his neck. Ignoring the slimly feel of his skin, she tightened her hold. His grip loosened. Whipping her tail, she threw him into the gate. The bars rattled from the force of the impact. With his hands and tongue gone from around her necks she panted for air.
“Looks like you do need some help.” Iraon was amused by their confrontation. It was the best entertainment he had in centuries.
“Enough games.” Aprophis hissed as he rubbed his bruised neck. Now standing at his full height, he narrowed his gaze on Sofaria, who watched him with hate filled eyes.
Pissed off beyond all reason, Aprophis spread his arms out to the side. Sofaria tensed as she watched his actions. Giving a demonic laugh, he clapped his hand together, sending a wave of power across the distance between them. The force was strong as it rippled through the air, sending Sofaria backwards.
Iraon was impressed by the female. Even wounded she had enough agility to land on her feet.
Gathering herself, Sofaria returned the blast with one of her own. Aprophis held up his right hand and absorbed the blast into his body. Frustrated, Sofaria shot blast after blast at him; all of which he absorbed into his body. Exhausted, she could feel her legs straining to support her weight. Barely able to stand, she narrowed her gaze at him.
“Let me show you how it’s done.” Holding out his hand, Aprophis summoned his powers.
The air rippled around her as she watched a ball of energy in his hand. Refusing to lie down and die she summoned the very last of her powers. She knew her hit wouldn’t cause any damage, but she hoped it might provide enough of a distraction so she could get away.
“Oh, no you don’t.” Aprophis blasted her with the stream of energy before she could move against him.
The blast knocked her on her back. Having no more power left, Sofaria shifted back to her human form. She tried to push herself upright, but all she managed to do was cause the pain in her chest to triple. With her vision darkening and her head pounding in her skull, she could feel death creeping around her.
Changing back into his human form, Aprophis walked over to where Sofaria was lay gasping for air. With a wicked grin he looked over her body. Her skin slowly paled as her eyes dilated. It would be easy to kill her now, to put an end to his suffering and pain.
“You know you can’t kill her.” He heard Iraon say from behind him. He knew he couldn’t kill her… yet. But, he enjoyed her suffering.
As the life began to fade from her eyes, he could feel his own powers start to drain. Her body went limp as her breathing became faint. He hated healing, he much rather see death and decay. If only he could wrap his hands around her neck and strangle the rest of her life out of her body. With a heavy sigh, Aprophis held out his hand and closed the wound on her chest. Watching as the color returned to her face the need to kick her again was almost too much to ignore. “I will deal with you later.” With that, he flashed her to one of his holding chambers. He would deal with her and her betrayal later. Right now, he had bigger problems. He turned his attention to Iraon, who watched them with dark amusement.
Chapter 11

Radien stood outside Melody’s house, trying to get his mind off of the argument he had with Persephone. She was a distraction he didn’t need, especially when he was confused over his feelings about Melody. He had to focus on finding Aprophis. Standing in the walkway to the house, he focused his powers. It took several minutes for Radien to feel the devils essence.
“Shit.” Radien cursed. There was another essence there. A power he was all too familiar with.
Iraon…
He flashed himself to the Underworld, appearing a few feet away from Aprophis. Using his powers to conceal himself in the shadows, Radien watched as Aprophis spoke with the beast.
“No need to hide Radien. I know you are there.”
Damn it. Unmasking his powers, Radien stepped from the shadows, his gaze locking with Aprophis’s. In an instant the creature changed into its devil form and rushed towards Radien. No more than two feet away from him, Aprophis ran into an invisible wall.
“Now, now, calm down” Iraon watched as Aprophis banged against the wall. It was a useless effort. The wall wasn’t going to budge unless the beast wanted it to.
Iraon watched on, amused, as Aprophis turned around and was faced with another wall. The hiss that came from him echoed through the air. With a flick of his tail, Iraon bound Aprophis mouth shut, then turned his attention back towards Radien.
Radien casually walked over to the caged beast. It had been a long time since he had last seen the beast, but he remembered their battle all too well. He stared up at the massive hound. Nothing had changed about him, except the aura around him seemed to have gotten darker.
They eyed each other for a moment.
“Why did you stop him? I would think after our last run in, you wouldn’t hesitate to let…” Radien gazed back to the devil that was trapped by the invisible prison, “to let something have a hit at me.”
“In time,” Iraon mused, “in time. It has been a long time since we last met.”
Indeed it had. “It has.”
The air around them sizzled. Radien looked over to Aprophis, who had changed into his human form.
“I see you have taken up a pet.”
“Yes, it seems I have,” Iraon paused. “I think we should be eye to eye for this conversation.”
Radien stared at the thalamus as thick black mist surrounded Iraon. It covered his body, clinging to him like an extra skin. He became encased in a shadow. He watched intently as the mist shrunk to the size of a human male. The mist cleared, revealing Iraon in his human form.
“Impressive.” Radien mocked as Iraon walked to the bars of the thalamus. He stood eye to eye with Iraon. Their eyes locked and the hatred that surrounded them surged into the air.
“Yes. Indeed it is.” Iraon looked at his hands. It was going to take him awhile to get used to his new form. “Let's get back to business shall we. What brings you here cousin? I’m sure you have much better things…” He raised a brow. “Or better yet, you have better humans to do than visit me.”
A wicked smile played on the edge of his lips.
“You will not go free.” Radien glanced over his shoulder to Aprophis, whose gaze was burning into the back of his head. “He doesn’t have the power to free you. He doesn’t have the key.”
“Yes, you would think that, wouldn’t you, Radien, but you are too late… as always. The devil knows everything that he needs to know. You are the only thing standing in my way, you and that human woman of yours.”
He was toying with him, pushing his buttons, so he could feed on his anger. Radien knew this and yet his blood still boiled. As much as he wanted to reach through the bars and strangle Iraon, he wouldn’t. For the sole reason that if he touched the pulsating bars his powers would be drained and passed to Iraon. That’s the last thing he needed. Left with no other choice, Radien put a cap on his anger.
“Oh no, don’t calm down Radien. Your rage is divine...” Iraon cocked his head to the side as if someone was whispering in his ear. “Why are you so angry? I’m sure if I had a mate as special as yours, I wouldn’t be as angry as you. Speaking of your mate, where is the beautiful Trinitymate?” Iraon gave Radien a knowing smile.
The longer Radien stood there, entertaining Iraon, the harder it was to restrain his self from lashing out.
“Yes Radien, where is your mate?” Aprophis hissed from the invisible cage.
“SHUT UP DEVIL.” Radien threw out his hand, using his powers to throw Aprophis to the ground.
“There you go again with all that anger.” Iraon laughed.
“I have no mate.”
“Oh, now you lie. You have been spending too much time in the human world.” Iraon turned his attention to Aprophis as he tried to charge at Radien again. But he only managed to run into another wall. “You shouldn’t lie to me Radien. I can feel her in you.” Iraon closed his eyes, inhaling the air. “Her scent is on your body.”
Radien fought to control himself. He refused to acknowledge what Iraon said.
“Oh, so you will not acknowledge me? ” He released Aprophis from his cage, “creature.”
“Great Beast?”
“Do you want to know where his mate is?”
“I swear I am going to kill you… slowly.”
Iraon smiled at the threat. As much as Radien’s anger fueled him, he had grown tired of toying with him. Time was being wasted and there was still much to be done. He stared long and hard at Radien. Soon he would be free and they would have their rematch… and this time he would not lose. “Aprophis, do you know why your treacherous little mate brought you here?”
“To see you.”
“Stupid creature, you would think that, wouldn’t you.” Iraon spoke. Never taking his gaze away from Radien he continued. “Your mate’s human lover is entertaining a very important guest at her home.”
Iraon broke his gaze from Radien and focused on Aprophis. When he spoke his voice was demonic and sinister. “Melody… Her blood is what you need. She is the one who will free me. Bring me her blood.”

Melody stared at Kelly with a blank expression on her face. She didn’t know how to respond to what had come out of Kelly’s mouth. It was impossible. Part of her refused to believe it, but another part of her acknowledged what Kelly said as the truth. At least it would be a good explanation as to why so many unnatural events have been happening to her.
“You mean to tell me, that the same guy that you met in the club that night was some type of….” She blinked trying to process the information she had just been hit with. “… of devil. And he wants me so he can unleash some ultimate evil.”
Kelly nodded. She watched closely as a range of expressions played across Melody’s face. She was taking it better than she thought she would. She expected Melody to laugh in her face, to tell her that she needed some type of therapy. Instead Melody stayed quietly on the sofa across from her.
“Ok, for argument's sake, let’s say that I believe you about all this. How do we stop him, it or whatever?” She raised a questioning brow.
“I don’t know.” Kelly sat on the edge of the coach. Her brow creased with confusion.
“Sofaria, the woman that attacked me… where is she now?”
Kelly stood from the coach. Melody watched as she paced, with her arms folded, in front of the TV stand. “She didn’t want to attack you. She had to. If she didn’t Aprophis would have….” Her voice trailed off.
“Would have what…” Melody felt a wave a horror consume her as she came to the conclusion herself. “Does he rape you?” She noticed Kelly cringe. “Oh no Kelly…” She rushed to her friend’s side. Wrapping her arms around her in a tight embrace; she didn’t know what to do as she felt Kelly’s body start to shake uncontrollably. She heard the sobs that were caught in the back of her throat.
Her poor friend, what had she been through? She felt her own grief and sadness consume her.
“So… Sof…” She sobbed. She picked her head from Melody’s shoulder and stared into her eyes. Wiping the tears from her face, she moved away from Melody. “Sofaria and I, have been trying to think of a plan, but we haven’t had any luck.”
“A plan?”
“I suggested that we should ask the gods, specifically Hades for help. You know, it only made sense since he is the ruler of the dead, but Sofaria wouldn’t agree to it.”  Kelly wrapped her arms around herself as a cold chill crept through her body. Aprophis was coming. He would be there at any minute. She had to get Melody out of her house and quick.
“Why not?” Melody watched as Kelly’s eyes frantically danced around the room. What was her friend looking for?
A dark chill went down Melody’s spine. Something was on its way here and it wasn’t anything nice and pretty. Just as the chill went through her body, it was followed by a shock wave of heat that made her heart hammer in her chest.
“Because, the gods are petty and cruel, Hades won’t help because he is a pathetic god with a whore for a wife.” Even though his voice was filled with distaste, it still made her body sizzle and her senses come alive. She looked towards the doorway as and saw his massive body leaning against the panel.
Goodness, the man was scrumptious with a big side of yummy. Leaning with one shoulder on the panel of the door, his arms crossed his chest. His glowing eyes were fixed on her. She didn’t know how one man could look that good just be standing against a wall.
“He’s coming.” She heard Kelly whisper from somewhere in the room. That cold and dead feeling crept over her again.
“Kelly.” Melody heard the sound in the room a moment before all the lights were blown out.
She couldn’t see anything. The room was completely black. She felt Radien come up and grab her from behind. “We have to go.”
Yeah, they had to leave, but she couldn’t make her feet move. Something was holding her in place. In the darkness, she saw a pair of red eyes focused on her. A scream started to build in her throat, but it was cut off when she heard a Kelly shriek in horror. Then there was silence. The lights flickered back on.
“Shit.” She barely heard Radien behind her. Her gaze remained fixed on the body lying across the couch.
“Kelly?” She took a step forward, only to have Radien clasp his hand around her wrist, holding her in place.
“Kelly.” No response.
“Melody we have to get out of here.” He tried to pull her to the door but she refused to move.
“Kelly… KELLY!” She fought against his hold. “Damn it, let me go.” She screamed again and again.
“There is nothing we can do for her.”
“No… No… No...” She shook her head. Kelly couldn’t be gone. If she could just get to her, make sure she was ok. “Let. Go. Of. Me.” She managed to twist out of his hold and ran over to Kelly’s limp body.

Radien felt a ripple of power in the room and knew that Aprophis was somewhere in the house, toying with them.
Damn it. He needed to get Melody and get the hell out of the house. He focused his gaze back to Melody. He could feel the sadness in her, the pain that consumed her as she touched her friend’s ashen face. While she appeared dead, Radien knew better. She was in Daux, a death like state that was caused from the poison that coursed through Aprophis body. The devil could impose this sate on its victims if he chose to. In this state she appeared dead, her face pale and skin cold. Mortals couldn’t hear the sound of her heart beat but he could. He could also see the lacerations on her neck that showed where Aprophis injected his poison.
“We have to go now.”
“Why in such a hurry Radien?” The air whipped around the room as Aprophis appeared.
Melody gaped in horror as a huge figure towered over her. His eyes pierced her down to her soul. Slowly, she rose to her feet. His eyes followed her movement as she took backwards steps over to where Radien was standing.

Aprophis watched Melody back away from him like he was a wild animal. He could smell her fear, it intoxicated him. He ran his tongue across the tips of his fangs. His eyes focused on her as she went to stand behind Radien.
Taking his gaze off of her, he looked to his feet.
Such a waste. He thought as he stepped over Kelly’s body.
He would deal with her later.
“Now, now, Radien,” he stalked towards them.
Radien pushed Melody further behind him. Placing himself between her and Aprophis.
“Radien?” Melody whispered from behind him. He kept his arm behind him, his eyes still focused on Aprophis.
Run. He sent a mental command to Melody. Her body tensed in response. Run. Now!!
His voice boomed in her head, jump starting her into motion. She turned, running as fast as her legs could carry her. Just as she reached the front door, she turned back towards the living room. She felt her heart stop in her chest as Aprophis lunged for Radien.
Run. He commanded her again as he hit Aprophis in the side. Melody took off across the grass towards her car. She reached for the door handle just as she heard the sound of glass breaking.
What am I doing? She wasn’t about to leave Radien in there fighting all alone when she could be helping him. There had to be something she could do, instead of running away like a scared little puppy.
Taking a deep breath, she gathered her courage and ran back towards the house. There was another sound of glass breaking. She ran into the living room… and stopped in her tracks. Radien had thrown Aprophis through the coffee table. Now, he straddled him, beating him repeatedly in the face. She was speechless at the sight of his power. She had to admit to herself she was turned on from watching his body coil and uncoil with his strength.
Radien stood above Aprophis ready to strike him again when Melody’s scent went through his body. He paused and glanced over his shoulder to see her staring at him. Using the distraction to his advantage, Aprophis threw Radien off of him. Radien slid across the floor, stopping when he hit the T.V. stand. His head erupted in pain as it connected with the edge of the stand.
Dragging himself to his feet, Radien struggled to get his bearing. He staggered as his vision blurred. Before he had time to fully gather himself, Aprophis blasted him through the T.V. and the wall, into the kitchen. He dropped to the floor in a heavy heap.
“Radien!” He heard Melody scream his name but he wasn’t able to respond.
“You don’t look so hot mutt.” Aprophis laughed as he stalked towards Radien, taking dark satisfaction in the hounds suffering. “I am going to enjoy this.”
Finally making it to his feet, Radien eyed the devil before him. Wiping blood from the corner of his mouth, he channeled his powers.
“I’m going to enjoy making that bitch-” before Aprophis knew it, he was hit with a blast of power that had him flying back into the living room. The sound of crashing walls and breaking furniture echoed loudly through the air.
Needing to quickly put an end to this fight so he could get to Melody, Radien staggered his way to the devil, who had yet to make it to his feet.
“Let’s end this, devil.” Exhausted, Radien lifted his hand. “Enjoy your trip back to the Underworld” with that he let loose another blast of energy. One that was sure to not only kill the creature, but obliterate his soul as well…
“What the hell?” Confused, he couldn’t understand why he couldn’t summon his powers. They had been working a moment ago.
“Stupid dog,” Aprophis’s voice echoed through the room. Looking down, Radien found the creature had disappeared.
“Show yourself,” Radien demanded.
“Here…” Radien’s back exploded in pain. He staggered forward, struggling to catch his balance. “I am.” Another wave of pain went through him. Dropping him to one knee as dark spots clouded his vision.
What did he do to me? Body slowly weakening, Radien looked up to fine the devil towering over him. His red eyes filled with triumph, as if his victory had already been decided.
Damn him…

Melody stood horrified as she watched Radien drop to one knee. He was going to collapse. She needed to help him. Not thinking about her actions, she ran towards him, only to have Aprophis block her path. His flaming red eyes focused directly on her.
“It is your blood that will set forth my destiny.” Aprophis reached behind him and withdrew a dagger. Melody eyes bulged as she watched him lift it to stab her.
Melody… no. Pushing back the pain and darkness that wanted to consume him, Radien forced himself to his feet. Before he could collapse, he had to save her. Getting his body in motion, he rushed Aprophis before he could plunge the blade of his dagger into Melody’s chest. The two of them fell into the stairs with Radien landing on top. The dagger fell from Aprophis grip. Blood spilled from Radien’s temples as he wrapped one hand around Aprophis throat, while he used the other to beat the devil in its face.
Hissing noises came from Aprophis with each hit that connected with his face. His body was sore, but not nearly as damaged as Radien’s. Each hit was taking more and more power away from him. Using that to his advantage, Aprophis turned his hand into a claw and plunged the sharp tips of his nails it into Radien’s rib cage. Radien stumbled back holding his badly injured side. On his feet now, Aprophis spun and kicked Radien in the chest. Weak, Radien fell to the floor.  
Smiling, Aprophis wiped the blood from his mouth.
Melody saw the dagger at her feet. She reached, picked it up and no sooner had she stood upright than Aprophis was in front of her again. She tried to stab him with the dagger, but he caught her wrist. With a wicked smile, that showed row after row of sharp, jagged teeth, he twisted her arm so hard she thought it would snap. Pain exploded through her arm and she dropped the dagger. With the dagger out of her hand, Aprophis backhanded her across the face with his clawed hand.
Melody felt even more pain erupt across her cheek. She could feel the sting of the acid as blood streamed down the side of her face. She staggered backwards only to have Aprophis pull her back towards him. As she stared into his red eyes, her rage consumed her to the point that she could practically taste it. Never in her life had a man put his hands on her. She be damned if she didn’t fight him back.  The smile he made as he raised his hand to strike her again, sent her anger over the edge. Raising her knee, she kneed him in the groin as hard as she could. He released her wrist as he doubled over in pain, cupping himself. Using her attack to her advantage, she ran towards the stairs to where Radien was sluggishly making his way back to his feet.
“Go.” He coughed to her.
“I don’t want to leave you.” She ran her hand across his face. Half of which was covered by his black hair.
Looking at her through his hair, there was so much he wanted to tell her. New found emotions swelled up inside his chest. Words, he thought he would never utter again were on the edge of his lips. But now was not the time for romantics. Which, he was reminded of as he caught a glimpse of Aprophis over Melody’s shoulder. In his clawed hand, he toyed with a dark ball of energy. Locking eyes with Radien, he released it. Quickly, as he ignored his body’s protest, he pushed Melody to the side, out of the way before the ball could hit her.
The ball went right past her. The heat of the power barely caressing the side of her face, as it hit Radien in the chest, Melody watched as he was blasted back into the side of the staircase. The force of the impact so strong, she was sure he had than a few broken bones. Her heart clenched as she watched him slide to the floor with a trail of blood flowing from him.
Run Mel… Run. His voice was faint in her head. While she wanted to stay by his side, she knew it would be pointless. Scrambling to her feet, she ran for the door. She didn’t want to leave him. But what choice did she have.
Aprophis laughed as he stalked over to Radien’s damaged body. He would catch up with the Trinitymate in a moment. First, he had something to take care of. With the dagger in his hand, he wedged it into Radien’s chest. Standing back to admire his handy work, he laughed at Radien’s feeble attempt to pull the dagger free from his body, while his blood stained the hardwood floor.
He heard a gasp that turned his attention outside the house.
“Now, where do you think you are going?” He snatched the dagger from Radien’s chest and sent it flying in the air.
Melody screamed as she felt her flesh being ripped apart. The burning spread from her left leg through her entire body. She fell to the ground clutching her leg. The dagger was embedded in the flesh of her thigh. A strange feeling of drowsiness hit her. Frowning, she looked at the ground to see how much blood she had lost. She expected to see blood seeping from her leg onto the ground. What she saw instead, left her speechless. There was nothing. No blood anywhere, just a strange looking dagger that seemed to be draining the life out of her.
Gripping the dagger’s hilt, she pulled as hard as she could. No matter how hard she pulled, the dagger refused to come out. Lids getting heavy, she looked up to find Aprophis stalking towards her. With the same sadistic smile he had when he plunged, the same dagger in her thigh, into Radien’s chest. Trying once more, she gripped the dagger and pulled as hard as she could. Her arms straining, she pulled the dagger free, but not before it ripped out a large part of her flesh. Tossing the weapon across the yard, Melody stumbled to her feet. Putting the majority of her weight on her good leg, she limped her way to her car, with the devil stalking close behind her. She managed to make it to her car before the creature could catch her. Opening the passenger side door, she dragged her wounded body into the car. Just as she reached to close the door, Aprophis jammed his hand in the door. Pulling the door as hard as she could, she slammed his fingers in the door. His hiss of pain echoed in the night air as he removed his hand. Refusing to let her fear consume her, she climbed into the driver side and started the car.
Aprophis laughed as he rubbed his injured hand, the stinging of his fingers a slight aphrodisiac to the masochist in him. While her fear amused him, her screams of absolute terror would intoxicate him. He couldn’t wait. Changing into his devil form, he gripped the back of the car. If she thought she was getting away, she had another thing coming.
Melody hit the gas as hard as she could. The tires strained against the street. She wasn’t going anywhere. Why wasn’t she moving…? Looking out the rear view mirror, she went completely pale.
Terrified, she reached for the driver side handle. Yanking on the door handle, she couldn’t get the door to open. Lightheaded due to her pain and loss of blood, it was difficult for her to remain focused. Fatigued consumed her, demanding that her body shut down. Seeing that the passenger side door was open, she made her way to the door, in the hopes of escape. As she reached for the door, her body in imaginable pain, the car shook and the door was slammed shut. Panicked, her next thought was to kick out the windows. But with her wounded leg, there was no way she would be able to put enough force behind her kick to crack the window, let alone kick it out. She was truly trapped, never had she felt so helpless. As the car was lifted off the ground, she tumbled into the back seat of the car. Confused, with nowhere to run, she felt a panic attack coming on. Her breath came in short breaths as she struggled to regain her composure.
Radien… please… She called out to him, hoping he could save her before it was too late.

With his body slowly going numb, he didn’t know how he managed to push himself to his feet but he did. Her desperate call for help drove him forward. Ignoring the fact that his powers were drained, or that his body was close to collapse, Radien headed towards that front door. Each step, every breath took more energy than he could afford to use. Through his blurring vision he caught sight of his blood covered hand.
Oh, fuck me. There was a damn hole in his chest. Then again, he really couldn’t complain. He was just thankful that the devil had bad aim and missed his heart, but he sure did come damn close.
He heard a scream.
Melody! He used his draining powers to get him outside. His heart stopped as he watched Aprophis hold her car suspended in the air. While he couldn't see her through the tinted windows of the car, he felt her fear.
"Aprophis!"
 The devil looked at him. He smiled, showing three rows of sharp teeth. Before Radien could act Aprophis hauled back, and tossed the car into the air.
In an instant, Radien was in the car with Melody. Grabbing her, he flashed them to her house a moment before the midsized car hit the pavement.

Watching Radien save the Trinitymate, amused Aprophis. He was surprised the dog still had enough energy to breathe, let alone save the woman. Not that it mattered, he had what he needed. Changing back to human form, he walked over to the discarded dagger. He picked up the dagger as he looked around the dark neighborhood. Quietness greeted him. Not one person could be seen walking the streets or car lining the pavement.
Humans. He thought.  There was one particular human he needed to tend to. Glancing at the destroyed house, he promised to make her pay for her betrayal. He ran his tongue along his teeth... revenge would be oh so sweet.
Chapter 12

Radien appeared in the house with an unconscious Melody in his shaky arms. He stood in front of the stairs holding her limp body. Racked with pain, his legs felt weak and drained. If he took one step they would crumble under him. He hadn’t gotten his ass kicked like that in a long time. The pain was almost foreign to him. With his blurred vision he looked up and counted twelve steps.
Yeah, he really didn’t want to take her up those stairs. Yet his feet moved him toward the stairs. Each step was heavier than the last. The strain to keep his-self upright took a heavy toll on his body. As his vision began darkening again, the world around him went in and out of focus. With his heart hammering in his chest, he forced himself forward. Holding Melody’s body close to his, he let her energy flow into him. He held her with what little strength he had left. Needing to feel her presence as her shallow breaths caressed his neck. He looked down to see small sweat beads forming over her brow. Quickly surveying her body, while his body begged he leave her where she was, he took in the injury to her leg. It was an ugly wound that needed to be healed before she bled to death. Already, she had lost too much blood.
He needed to get her healed and in the bed. Struggling to support his weight and hers, he climbed the last step, limping as he approached the bedroom door. It was slightly ajar. Fumbling, he repositioned Melody over his shoulder. His body staggered under the shift of her weight. With his free side he shouldered the door open. He slowly made his way across her room, over to her bed. As gently as he could, in his condition, which amounted to him shrugging her off his shoulder like a dead weight, he placed her on the bed.
Staring at her, he ran a bloodied hand across her face. He had come close to losing her. The fear and panic he felt as he watched Aprophis toss the car stunned him. Even now, with his body on the verge of collapsing, his only though was for her safety.
She’ll be safe now. I just… have… to… He swayed on his feet before he hit the floor with a loud thud.

Bion stood in the dark cellar watching the torture that was unfolding in front of him. He went undetected as he continued to watch the god from the shadows of the cellar. Ear piercing screams filled the air, as the damned soul begged for mercy, but the whip holder struck harder, it shrieked in pain.
He understood the need to release pent up anger. It was a feeling he had dealt with a time or two in his life. But to let a woman bring him to such a melting point would never happen, especially not a woman who had vowed her eternal love to him. The god in front of him was weak. He had allowed his woman to dominate him. He hated Hades with a passion. Why he stood waiting to save the useless god was beyond him.
Undetected, it would be all too easy to kill the god. One strike in his back and his soul would flow back into the life stream. It was tempting, but to kill Hades would be to change the fate of his sons and eventually the entire world. Instead, Bion was going to push his anger aside and help one of the gods responsible for the death of his wife, get ready for a battle that would change both of their lives.
The sound of the whip cut through the air as the screams of the damned soul finally died out. While the man’s soul had been separated from his body a long time ago, he was still able to feel pain; probably more so now than before. He even bled as if he still had a living body. The souls condemned to Tartarus weren’t allowed peace, forever atoning for the sins they committed in their mortal life.
“A job well done, Hades.” Bion spoke as he stepped from the shadows, revealing himself to the so called lord of the dead. Taking in the male, with sweat pouring from his face, he wondered just how long Hades had been beating on the soul that now lay limp against its chains. Black eyes focused on him through disheveled hair.
“What are you doing here?” He sneered.
“I go anywhere I damn well please. You would do well to remember that.”
A tic worked in Hades’s jaw as his grip on the whip tightened.
“I am well aware of what you can do, Bion.” Hades ran one hand through his hair, pushing it back from his face. What the hell was wrong with him? Why couldn’t he get it together? His claim exterior had melted away, leaving raging emotions that he couldn’t get a hold of. He thought beating the souls in his dungeons would relieve some of the anxiety he felt. But all it succeeded in doing was making him sweaty and even more aggravated.
“Good.” Bion walked around Hades. “Now if you are done with abusing your power, we have something we need to talk about.”  Through the god didn’t move, he knew Hades tracked his every movement.
“We have nothing to discuss.”
Bion smirked. Had this been a different time and place there would be nothing for them to talk about. They were no longer the friends they had once been. Not after what he had done. There was no going back for them now. All that remained between them, besides him killing Hades, was Radien, the god’s wife and the dark future ahead of them. “I am here to help you.”
“Help me with what?”
Bion stopped in front of Hades. Standing a full head taller than him, he dominated the space around them “Your whore of a wife.”
As Hades stood face to face with Bion, he could feel his uncharted powers in the air around them. It made the air fill with the type of static that you could hear crackling in the background. His white hair was pulled back into a ponytail while his glowing eyes were fixed on him. “She is no whore.”
Bion chuckled. “You and I both know that’s a lie.”
Hades’s hands balled into fists at his sides as he struggled not to lash out at the being in front of him. While he could call his wife a whore and any other name he felt like, he couldn’t tolerate anyone else disrespecting her. “It’s none of your business.”
“Of course it is my business if the harlot is sleeping with my son…”
There was a moment of heavy silence between them as Hades’s world shattered. He had suspected as much, but to have it confirmed, by someone he hated no less, was a punch to the gut. It seemed the entire pantheon of gods knew what he refused to acknowledge. She had humiliated him for the last time. Destroying their marriage, their foundation, for a creature…no a dog, a mutt, who wasn’t fit to lick the bottom of his boots.
“The problem does not lie with my son, but with your tramp wife. If I were you, I would watch what I say about powers I can’t hope to beat.”
Regaining his composure, Hades once again faced Bion with a somewhat clear head. As much as he hated to admit it Bion was right. The problem wasn’t with the dog, but with his wife. Persephone had searched Radien out, insisting, they needed his help, no matter how hard Hades protested. It was her, all her doing. She was the reason he was the laughing stock of the gods. And he would make sure she reaped what she sewed… ten times over. But first he would listen to what the male in front of him had to say. “What do you suggest?”
“First off, we-” Bion tilted his head as a prickling sensation went down his spine. Then pain the likes of which he never felt before assaulted him, almost bringing him to his knees.
Radien…
Something was wrong. Using his powers, he reached out for his son. It took him a while to trace his powers. They were draining slowly and taking his life force with them with every breath he took.
Hades knew, from watching the play of emotions across Bion’s face, that something was seriously wrong. That eerie glow of his eyes dimmed, then changed colors, turning crimson red. The air whipped around them and just like that Bion was gone.

When Bion appeared in the spacious bedroom, he was caught off guard by the scent for stale blood that assaulted his senses. Quickly taking in the room, he noted the trail of blood that led from the hallway to the bed, where a female’s body lay in bloody sheets. On the floor next to the bed, he found Radien’s wounded body. Rushing over to where his son lay unmoving, Bion knelt down.
“Damn it, Radien… What the hell happened?” The carpet under him was soaked in blood. He looked at his son’s battered body, dismissing many of the wounds on him as artificial. In fact, they should have been healed. So, why hadn’t they?
His gaze moved to Radien’s blood soaked shirt. With a snap of his fingers the shirt vanished, revealing the worst of the wounds.
Bion’s breath caught as he laid his eyes on the hole in the middle of his son’s chest.

His father was there. Even as Radien drifted in and out of consciousness, he could still feel his father’s powers reaching out to him. While death loomed over him, waiting to sink its teeth into him, a soft kind of relief washed over him. If death should claim him, Melody would still be safe. Bion would watch over and protect her from Aprophis and Iraon. She wouldn’t be left alone in a world full of monsters and demons. His body sighed in relief. Though he didn’t want to leave her, he didn’t know how much longer he could hold on.
Damn devil… what has he done to me…? As Radien’s last thought passed, darkness took hold of him. Wrapping him in its arms, refusing to let go no matter how hard he struggled.

“Damn it.” Cursing Bion watched as Radien’s eyes went completely dull and closed. His son’s next breath would be his last. “Not today.”
Placing his hands over the chest wound, Bion focused his powers and waited for the wound to heal… nothing happened. Radien’s body went completely limp.
NO! His voice screamed in his head. He no longer felt his son’s life force. Looking at the pale skin of his son; he closed his eyes and focused all of his powers, channeling them from the life stream itself. His hands hovered above Radien’s lifeless body. They glowed, illuminating the room.
The air around him sizzled and popped. He concentrated more of his powers. Silently, as intensely as he could, he whispered the ancient language of light. As he chanted Radien’s energy slowly started to return to his body. He spread his hands further apart.
Slowly, the color started to return to his skin. The cuts and bruises that covered his body healed, nearly vanishing right before his eyes. But it was not enough. It was the wound in his chest that needed the most attention. Even with his breaths in a steadier rhythm, if the wound wasn’t healed soon, all Bion’s efforts would be for nothing.
Sweat forming at his brows, arms shaking, Bion focused more of his energy. He chanted louder, his body glowing with the force of his power. Opening his eyes, the illuminated the room in an eerie glow.
There’s no way, this was made by a mortal weapon. There was only one type of weapon that could do this amount of damage from a single blow.
Damn it. Cursing his self for his stupidity, Bion watched as the wound, finally, began to close. Muscle and tissue fusing back together.
Certain his son would live, he turned his attention to the woman on the bed. Walking over to her, he took her in.
She seems fine… what happened to her leg? Needing to have a closer look at her injuries, Bion pushed her onto her back. What he saw, when he caught sight of her leg, left him speechless. This can’t be happening. How?
Iraon…

Sluggishly, Radien pushed himself upright. He ignored the pulls and pains of his newly healed flesh as he stretched his body. Looking down at his bare chest, he frowned at the jagged scar that covered his chest.
“You remember the work of Iraon’s daggers don’t you?” his father’s voice drew his attention towards the bed, where he found Bion towering over Melody’s body, his face a mask of concern. Confused and somewhat intrigued, as to what would cause his level headed father to make such a face, Radien pushed himself to his feet and headed over to his father.
“Glad to see you’re awake.”
“Yes, thanks to you.” Radien said as he stood next to his father, both males looking down at the one woman who could save them all.
“We need to close her wound before she bleeds to death. Already, her pulse has dropped to a dangerous and critical level. But I am too weak from healing you, to heal her by myself.” Bion turned his gaze towards his son. And he wondered if Radien understood what was going to happen now.
“I will do whatever needs to be done in order to save her.” Radien returned his father’s stare.
“Are you sure? You haven’t  recovered from your own wounds yet.”
Turning from his father, Radien focused back on Melody, and felt something in his heart break. It was his fault that she was involved in this mess. Had he just stayed away from her, she wouldn’t be on the verge of death.
“Radien, she is fading. What is your answer?”
Reaching his hand out, he caressed her dirty face. “I will do whatever I must to save her.”
“Then let’s begin,” with that both, Bion and Radien, held their hands out over her body, their power flowing through them and into her.
Melody, my beauty, please come back to me.
Summoning more of his power, Radien prayed it was enough to bring her back to him…
“That was easier than I thought it would be. “
Radien gave a side glance to his father as he struggled to drag air into his lungs. Healing Melody had taken more out of him than he thought. His father on the other hand, seemed just fine.
Whatever. So long as she came back from the darkness, he was happy.
“Because she is still human, her wounds won’t scar.”
Once again, Radien looked to his father. “Still? What do you mean by still?”
When he received no answer, Radien turned to his father. “What do you mean by still?” Aggravated by his father’s unresponsiveness, he walked over to him, intent on getting an answer to his question. “Father.”
“Radien”, Bion faced him with a look on his face that had Radien stopping in his tracks. “When she awakens bring her to Oblivion.”
“What-”
“Do not question me. Just do as I say. For your sake and hers.” With that, Bion vanished, leaving Radien to wonder what exactly was going on.

A groaning sound came from the bed. He turned to find Melody rustling against the sheets.
She’ll be awake soon. True, in a few moments she would open her eyes and the last thing she needed, was to wake up surrounded by blood. Looking around the room, he took in the pool of blood that he had been lying in. The mess didn’t stop there. Blood had soaked into the sheets of the bed, coloring it a bright shade of crimson.
I can’t let her see this. She had been through enough because of me… but…
Radien flexed his hand. His powers weren’t at their strongest. Actually, they were just about depleted. Yet, he had to do something, anything to ease her transition into his world, because, she could never return to hers.
With a tired wave, he cleared the floors and doors through the house of blood. Huffing, he couldn’t believe the amount of energy it took for him to do such a simple task.
Now for-
An ear wrenching scream came from behind him. Turning, he realized that not only had Melody awakened, but she was still covered in blood.
With another wave of his hand, he cleared the blood from her sheets and clothes. Her panicked eyes locked onto him. Terror was reflected in her dark gaze. As he watched her pull her knees to her chest, he couldn’t help but sympathize with her. If he was a mortal, he would have reacted the same way. Listening to her mumble incoherently, he wanted to reach out to her, to comfort her. He took a step forward, intent on reassuring her that she was safe. When she screamed and shrunk back on the bed, he paused. Sure that he wouldn’t approach her, she went back to her mumbling. Over and over, she told herself it was just a dream; a bad nightmare that she would wake up from at any moment and return to her normal life.
He wished he could give her that reassurance. Walking over to her, he carefully eased down on the bed next to her. As he reached out to touch her face, she screamed, nearly jumping off the bed.
“It’s ok.” He held his hands up to show her, he meant no harm.
 “I want to wake up.” She sobbed. He needed to take her away from here. It was too dangerous for her to stay at home. Aprophis would follow her, and with Radien’s powers somehow weakening, he couldn’t protect her. She needed to be somewhere safe, where the devil couldn’t reach her. He could only think of one place that would be safe enough.
Bring her to Oblivion. His father’s words echoed in his head. The old man was right. Oblivion was the safest place for her now. There she would be protected not only by him, but by his father as well.
Pulling her into his arms, her hot tears staining his chest, he rocked her. “Shhh, I will take you away from here. Somewhere you’ll be safe.”
She seemed to sob harder, her body trembling against his as he wrapped her arms around him, clinging to him as if he was her only lifeline. The feel of her arms around him made his groin jerk and he cursed himself for his body’s reaction. He wasn’t supposed to be picturing her naked underneath him, when their lives were on the line. Using one hand, he lifted her chin so that he could look into her eyes. With his thumb, he wiped the tears from her eyes. His gaze burrowed into hers. He could see eternity in her eyes. Those were the same eyes that used to look at him in contempt, anger; in rage and longing. Now they were begged and pleaded for him to take her away from this nightmare.
“Do you trust me?” He knew he gave her no reason to but he wanted her to, needed her to.

Did she trust him? No, she didn’t. But with his body this close to hers, she needed to trust him. She had watched him battle that… that thing for her. He had protected her, when he had no reason to. At least not after the way she had treated him.
“Do you trust me?” he asked her again.
His gaze reached her soul, she felt naked even though she was fully clothed. She was sure he could see her every flaw and insecurity in that glowing gaze.
What was it about him that made her want him? She had never wanted a man so badly in her life, not even Craig and she had thought herself in love with him.
He stared into her face. His eyes were filled with anger and confusion. What he was angry and confused about she didn’t know, maybe he felt like he failed to protect her or something. That thought made her smile to herself in spite of everything going on around her. She wanted to know more about the man who had literally poofed into her life and turned it upside down.
As she clung to him for strength, she gave a slight nod of her head. She didn’t fully trust him, but she would try to.
Radien stared at the indecision in her eyes as she nodded. He knew it was a lie. He vowed to gain her trust before everything was said and done, at least she was willing to try and that was more than he could ask for as he pulled away from her. When he did the absence of her warmth stung him. The softness of her skin against his was almost enough to make him pull her into his arms again.
“We have to go now. You won’t need to bring anything with you. I will provide everything you need… Are you ready?”
Her body still slightly trembled, from fear, yes, but also from the awareness of the male that was in front of her. She glanced around her room one more time. Indecision filling her, she didn’t want to leave. This place was her comfort zone. But what other choice did she have? She focused her gaze back on him. He was magnificent, purely male power. She knew she would be safe wherever he was taking her. Knowing that calmed her… a little.
He stood at the foot of the bed waiting for her.
“Ready?”
“Yes,” was her hoarse reply.
He held out his hand for her. Hesitantly, she went to him. He took her hand into his.
She looked at their hands clasped together. As her hand rested in his she felt as if her entire being had been struck by lightning. The hairs on the back of her neck rose as her desire coursed through her. She looked into his glowing eyes, that shined so bright it almost blinded her, and knew that his desire matched hers.
“Come beauty. Let me keep you safe.” He pulled her into his body. She melted against the soft steely flesh of him.

Radien held back a groan as her plump body crushed into his. The way she melted into him made his heart skip a beat. He felt like such a wimp.
 Could she really could be his mate…?
As if he could doubt it any longer. Not even, Persephone made him crave her like the woman pressed against him did. Her scent alone was enough to make the hound in him pant with need.
Wrapping her arms around his waist, she hugged him closer. “Close your eyes.”
She did as she was ordered to do. Just as her vision was covered in complete darkness, she felt the floor drop from beneath her. The air whipped her hair all over her head.
“Trust me.” She heard Radien in her ear as his hold on her tightened. “Relax.”
That was easy for him to say, he did this all the time. She, on the other hand, felt like the flesh was being pulled from her bones. She was splitting into pieces, she was sure of it. If she opened her eyes, she was going to see that her arms and legs had been separated from the rest of her body.
Then just like that it was over. The feeling of her flesh being peeled and limbs being separated stopped and she felt herself coming back into her body.
“It’s alright. You can open your eyes.” He chuckled as he looked down at the top of her head.
Did he find this funny? It was not funny. Melody was sure she was going to see that some vital body part was missing.
Slowly, she pried her lids open and almost drooled at seeing all that golden brown skin. She bet he tasted delectable.
Focus Melody.
Nauseated, she raised her head from his chest and observed her surroundings. She blinked twice, then gaped at the room. It was beautiful, fit for a king. With its white and gold marbled floors, the Victorian styled room reeked of elegance. She was sure that the massive golden, she wondered if that was real gold, canopy bed that was placed in the center of the room, would make any king or queen green with envy. Especially with its cream covered sheets, that she was sure was made of the softest material. She could imagine herself tangled in the sheets with Radien, their bodies gently caressing each other.
Shaking her head at her perverted thoughts she noticed the plush sofas and chairs that were randomly placed throughout the room.
“Do you like it?”
Was he serious? She loved it.
“I think that may have been a stupid question.” 
She looked at him and saw a smile playing at the edge of his lips as he looked down at their still joined bodies. It was then she realized she hadn’t let go of him and he made no move to make her let go of him.
“I don’t want you to let go.”
Holy shit! He can read my thoughts.
Her surprised expression made him chuckle. “Yes. I can read your thoughts…” His eyes burned into hers. “Some are most interesting.”
She wanted to run and hide somewhere. All the naughty thoughts that had been racing through her mind anytime he was near… he could hear it all. Her face felt like it was set on fire.
He leaned down to whisper in her ear. “But, don’t worry, I haven’t listened to all the naughty thoughts you’ve had… much” He licked the inside of her ear.
The feeling of his tongue gliding across the sensitive flesh of her ear, was enough to send another jolt of electricity through her body.
“Come, you’ve had a long day. Let me bathe you.” Grabbing her hand, he guided her to the bathroom, where a white and gold tub waited for her. With a flick of his wrist, water came shooting out of the faucet.
Yeah, my life just keeps on getting better and better. She didn’t know how much more of this supernatural stuff she could take.
He chuckled.
“Were you in my head again?”
“Couldn’t help it,” he flicked his wrist a second time and the water shut off.  “Check the temperature and make sure it’s not too hot for you.” Since he was used to scalding hot water he probably set the water to high. He watched as she bent down, her fingertips gently brushing the water’s surface. He imagined her touching him like that, soft and gentle hands exploring every inch of his body.
“It’s fine, thank you.” Looking back at him, she saw the hunger reflected in his hooded eyes. It made her body tingle.
“Any time, now remove your clothes.”
She should be offended at his commanding tone. Instead, she found herself oddly excited as she followed his orders. His gaze focused on her breast as she unbuttoned her blouse. Her fingers trembled as she undid the second button of her blouse.
She looked up at him, secretly wishing that it was his hands undressing her.
He cleared his throat. “I will be waiting outside. Call for me if there is anything you need.” With that, he walked out into the hall. Sweat beaded on his forehead as memories, of their time spent in the dream realm, played in his head. She had been soft and supple. In reality he knew she would be better… softer. It made his groin press hard against his pants.
He felt like a pervert thinking about her like that after what she had just been through, not just with Aprophis either. He didn’t know what had exactly caused her so much pain, but the first thing that came to his mind was some unworthy human male that had mistreated her. No, he took that back. He knew that was the problem.
Rage boiled in him. For the first time he wondered why he was fighting for the humans. They were selfish and cruel. Melody’s pain was proof of that.
“Stupid humans,” he growled as he shut the door behind him. Only a human male would hurt his female like that. Those unworthy creatures wouldn’t appreciate all she had to give. He understood that type of pain more than he cared to admit.
He leaned back against the outside wall of his bedroom, with one foot on the wall and arms folded across his chest, looking like a bouncer waiting for the next drunk to be thrown out.

Melody walked around the room, inspecting her surroundings. Where she was exactly she didn’t know. She touched the lace that hung from the canopy. It was soft against her fingers. She imagined Radien stretched out across the bed. His massive body most likely covered half of it.  She ran her hand over the soft, creamy silk that covered the bed. Just as she thought it was the softest thing she had ever touched.
It was too good to be true. How many other women had he brought into his bed? Surely she wasn’t the only one. Some part of her, hoped, she was the only one he had brought here. The thought of him touching another woman made her skin crawl.
“Are you ok?” His voice vibrated through the room.
“Yeah,” she took a deep breath.
Monetarily ceasing her exploration of the bedroom, she headed back into the bathroom. Walking back over to the tub, she finished stripping off her clothing and put her foot into the warm water. The moment her toes touched the water’s surface, shocks and tingles crept through her. A contented sigh escaped her as she eased into the tub. A soft moan escaped her lips as the water moved against her body. She moved her hands under the water, creating small waves. Her legs slightly parted as the water caressed her most intimate places. Another moan left her as she felt electrified pleasure against her sex. She didn’t need to use her hands to touch herself. All she had to do was part her legs a little and rock her body. The more she rocked, the more waves she made, the greater her pleasure became. She was moving so much that it sounded like the ocean itself was in the room as water splashed over the side of the tub onto the floor. Her moaning grew louder as she pictured Radien touching her body. She saw him making love to her over and over, until she was too weak to breathe. She moved faster in the water. The image of his body poised above hers, driving himself inside her again and again made her shudder.
 What rhythm he would use? Would he be slow and steady? Or fast and demanding? Or a combination of both?
Caught in her own fantasy, she didn’t feel the air around her stir.
She shuddered again as another wave of pleasure hit her. She was on the brink of ecstasy.
“Radien,” she whispered his name as her pleasure stormed through her, gripping the sides of the tub as wave after wave of pleasure consumed her. The intensity of her orgasm actually made her toes curl.

Radien stood behind her unable to move, unable to form words. His breath had left him and his jaw went slack. He was pushing hard against his pants, rock hard and throbbing for her.
She had called his name when she came. The man and hound in him roared to life. He didn’t mean to see what he saw. He had heard her noise, along with water splashing against the floor. He thought she might have fallen in the water or something. Had he known she was entertaining herself, he would have stayed on the other side of the door… at least he thought he would have. Right now, however, he wanted to jump into the water with her and play out every scene he had seen in her mind.
He looked at her limp against the tub, her legs hanging over the edge of the tub. She was still shuddering and moaning low in her throat. Damn that was the most erotic sound he had ever heard. She was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen. He could see the mark on her shoulder, glowing brightly, calling him. Every molecule in his body was attuned to her.
As she started to gather herself, placing her legs back in the tub, Radien vanished from the room, returning to his position outside the door. If she would have caught him looking at her like that, she was sure to think of him as the pervert he felt he was. Taking deep breaths, he struggled to control himself. If he didn’t, he would take her and mark her against her will. He refused to use her to his advantage. That succeeded in calming him down… a little. That was, until he caught her scent getting closer to the door. Her snow plum and woman scent filled his body, as he listened to her bare feet beat against the marbled floor.
As she opened the door, he was overwhelmed by her. He stared at her from out the corner of his eyes. Her hair was still damp from her bath; her skin was still flushed with heat. Images of her naked and wet raced through his mind making his breathing ragged.
“Are you ok?” He managed to ask her, even though his voice was rough.
He exhaled slowly, in an effort to not breathe in her scent anymore than he already had. But it was already embedded into his senses.
She walked out the door to stand next to him.
“I don’t know.” She hugged herself. “Would you be alright if you were in my situation?”
The anger in her tone took him aback. He raised a brow as she turned her head to the side, her eyes burned into his body. He understood her anger and fear.  Her life had been turned upside down within a matter of days. But if you asked him, she was taking all of it better than he thought she would. Pushing himself from the wall, he faced her and closed the small gap between them. The slight static in the air between them, made the hairs on his arms rise as he held her gaze.
He tried to ignore the way her breasts were rising and falling with each breath she took. It was useless. Raising his hand, he caressed her cheek, his thumb rubbing against the softness of her skin.
“No, I wouldn’t.” He wished he had some way to assure her that everything would work out, but the truth was he didn’t know. Instead, he wrapped his arms around her and pulled her into his chest, caging her in his embrace.

Melody didn’t resist as Radien pulled her into his arms. She needed his support as she buried her head in his chest, letting the steady beat of his heart ease her.
Well, ease her as much as it could. It was almost impossible to be completely at ease, when his body pressed against hers drove her hormones crazy. Not to mention, the electrical current that was flowing through her from his body touching hers.
He rubbed his hand over her back then across her shoulder. His fingertips lightly grazed over her shoulder, making a tingling sensation spread across her body, curling her toes.
What was going on with her? It was taking all her self control, not to strip him of his clothes. All the heat in her, came from a touch that was meant to be comforting, not sexual, and defiantly not meant to jolt her body into utter awareness.
She exhaled a long sigh. Her life had gone from normal and safe to unnatural and dangerous with a man that could turn into a hideous creature out for her blood, and a drop-dead-dangerous-make-me-want to eat him-god, materializing in and out of rooms like it was nothing at all. That was just the better part of the last few days. She needed to rest. Exhaustion was creeping up on her, and the yarn that escaped her mouth proved just as much.
“You need to rest.” That dark and sensual voice kissed her ear as he pulled away from her. Gently grabbing her by the hand, he led her back into the room towards the bed. Her face flooded with color as images of the two of them naked, moving against each other, played in her mind. She felt this strange urge to purr and moan from imaging how electrifying it would be between the two of them.
She hoped he wasn’t reading her mind right now. She would die of embarrassment.
Radien had to leash the animal in him. He could clearly see the images in her head, all in vivid details. He would love nothing more than to toss her onto the bed and taste every inch of her delectable body. He could already see himself buried to the hilt inside of her. Thrusting in and out of her, giving her pleasure she had never known. Her moaning his name as she came for him. That thought alone made him want to whimper.
So, why was he denying both of them? Tormenting his self?
Pulling back the sheets, he motioned for her to get under.
“Come.” He stepped back to give her enough room to climb in the bed.
He held his breath as she eased past him and onto the bed. If he smelled any more of her, his body was going to explode and he was going to be on top of her in an instant.
Once she eased herself on the bed, she covered herself with the sheets. Their eyes locked.
Alrik, help him, he need to leave the room. Turning quickly on his heels, he started towards the door. His mind too distracted to just up and disappear.
As he reached for the door handle, he heard her voice.
“Stay with me.”
It held him immobilized.
To be in the bed with her, so close… no, it was a bad idea.
“Please Radien, just until I fall asleep.”
How could he deny her that simple request? He was just going to have to control himself. Letting out a jagged breath and a silent prayer for strength, he turned and walked back towards the bed. Not trusting himself in a bed with her, he summoned a chair from the corner of the room and went to sit down.
No, not in the chair. I need you next to me. He didn’t know if he imagined those words or she had pushed the thought into his head, but a moment later her thoughts had flooded his mind. He stared at her from where he sat at the edge of the bed. Her face betrayed none of the emotions that were in her thoughts. It was her eyes that held all emotion.
Radien, don’t do it. The rational and sane part of him said, but the animal in him took over. He didn’t know if he would be able to control himself in that bed. He should have sat his ass in that chair where he was at a safe distance from her, but his feet moved of their own accord while she moved over to make room for him. He didn’t bother to get under the sheets. He merely laid on top of them, with his arms behind his head and one leg crossed over the other.
No sooner, had he got into the bed, then Melody’s dark head of hair came to rest on his chest. Electricity shot through his entire being a she snuggled closer to him, draping one arm across his stomach. He was all too aware of the heat of her skin and the softness of her breath against his skin.
This was not good. He felt too at home with her laying on him. But then again why shouldn’t he, she was his “mate” after all. He should be feeling like this. However, something in him didn’t want her to belong to him because of some mark. No, he wanted her to want him for who and what he was. He wanted her to accept his flaws, strengths, and to stand beside him.
He wanted her to truly love him, like normal women and men do. But who was he kidding, he was far from normal and so was their situation. A goddess couldn’t even accept his flaws and love him, how could he expect a human woman too?
His thoughts rambled in his head as his hand played in loose strands of her hair. He listened as her breathing became even and she began drifting into a soundless sleep.
Radien.
Radien’s attention snapped at the sound of his father’s voice in his head.
What is it? He really didn’t feel like dealing with his father.
We need to talk.
Radien looked at Melody resting on his chest. He didn’t want to move from her… ever.
I’m busy.
NOW!! Bion’s voice boomed in his head.
Frustrated, Radien gently eased out of the bed. He glanced back at her as she turned on her side. He really didn’t want to leave her, but he had to go.
Quietly, he walked to the door. He eased it open enough so that he could slide through. Once he was out the room, he closed the door quietly so not to disturb her, then he disappeared to his father’s side.
Chapter 13

Aprophis stared at the dagger that lay on the table in front of him.
The Abyssinian Dagger, an ancient weapon, as deadly as it was beautiful. Red rubies set in the black onyx handle of the dagger. The blade of the weapon pulsed with life, from the blood that it had absorbed from Radien’s human. It was said to be the only dagger left of its kind, the last of the original seven daggers that Iraon had used to kill and slaughter. It was time to once again unleash destruction and chaos into the world.
Aprophis smiled evilly as he watched the blood travel through the blade. Iraon would be more than pleased with him.
With that in mind, he flashed himself before the caged beast.
“I see you have it.” Iraon’s demonic voice traveled through the black mist that consumed the thalamus.
“Yes, I have it.” The dagger hovered effortlessly above the palm of his hand.
Iraon appeared before him. Walking up to the pulsating bars of the cage, he addressed the devil. “You know what to do devil.”
Indeed, he did know what to do. As he stood on the outside of the cage, Aprophis questioned what he was going to do. He had seen how the dagger had affected Radien.  It had effortlessly drained him of his powers. He was certain if he hadn’t pulled the dagger when he did, it would have killed the hound. Maybe, he didn’t need the beast after all. With the dagger, he was more than able to kill anything that stood in his path.
He stared at the weapon, twisting it around with the tips of his fingers, never touching the handle. It was his means to kill that accursed hound and make the gods tremble before him. He would be king, and all Iraon’s power would be his to command.

Iraon stared at the lowly creature in front of him, listening to every though that played in its simple mind. Inwardly, he laughed at the pathetic creature. Stupid thing thought it knew what the dagger could do. But only Iraon, its master, knew what it had ultimately been made for and he was growing more impatient with each passing moment.
“What’s the matter devil? Are you thinking about betraying me?” He taunted Aprophis, while leveling a meaningful stare at him, his eyes flashing from red to black. “No, you’re not that stupid… are you?”
“Is it wise for you to taunt the one who holds the key to your freedom?” Aprophis pulled the dagger away from the thalamus.
Iraon stared irritably at the creature. He was through playing games with this simple creature. Without the slightest movement of his body, Iraon willed the dagger into the trinity pyramid that was the lock of the thalamus. An instant later, the cage began to shake violently.
Yes. Iraon thought. He was free and he would deliver his vengeance…
Aprophis stepped back as the ground shook beneath his feet. Eyes wide, he watched as the Trinitymate’s blood flowed through the pulsing bars, turning them into stone. From the violent shaking beneath him, and the way the ground cracked, he was sure all of Tartarus was being torn apart. As quickly as the quaking began, it stopped. An eerie silence settled around him.
“What-” before Aprophis could finish his sentence, the bars of Iraon’s cage shattered. Pieces of sharp stone flying towards him, most of which he managed to dodge, some leaving cuts along his arms and legs. Rising to his feet, he was greeted with a strong hand wrapping around his neck. Instantly, he changed into his devil form as he tried to keep Iraon from crushing his windpipe. Disbelief gripped him as he struggled to drag air into his lungs. Never, had he been overpowered in his devil form, by a creature in human form.
He locked gazes with Iraon.
 “Are you confused devil?” Iraon voice boomed in the darkness. The poisonous slime that covered the devils body ran down his extended arm.
“Do you want to know why I can stand you disgusting slime?” His fangs elongated as his power flowed through him. When he spoke his voice was coated in darkness. “Because I am evil incarnate. I am the ultimate darkness. I am absolute power.” Removing his hand from the creature’s throat, he mentally held him in the air. “Your powers are useless against me.” Tired of playing with the creature, he removed his hold and watched as the devil landed on the ground in a massive disgusting heap. Turning his back to the creature, Iraon walked over to where his dagger lay, glistening in the darkness. Bending down, he pulled his weapon from what was left of the lock.
It glowed darkly from his touch.
One down, six more to go.

Persephone gripped the post of her bed as the castle's grounds quaked beneath her feet. Something was wrong. The dark sensation that spiked down her spine only reassured her feeling. Straightening herself, she used her powers to find the source of the disturbance. Her search took her to the darkest part of the Underworld. A part of the Underworld she had visited once since she became queen, and that one time had been by mistake. She never thought she would have to travel to this dark pit again.
In her astral form she walked up to the dark hole. She froze in her spot, horrified. Her eyes wide as her heart raced in her chest.
This couldn’t be happening.
 The beast was free.
That realization left her breathless and pale. She couldn’t believe it. She examined further. The bars that held the beast lay shattered at her feet. Stepping into the empty cage, chills spread down her arms. The remnants of his dark power, chilled her to the core.
She had to tell Hades. She pulled her projection from the cage and back into her body with a gasp. Once she regained control of herself, she flashed into the throne room where she expected him to be…
“Hades” She said before she fully appeared in the room.
No answer.
She looked around, but there was no trace of him.
With a hushed curse she focused her powers. He was somewhere in the castle, she could feel him. Pinpointing his location, she vanished. There was no time to waste.
“Had-” She stopped mid-sentence at the sight before her. Caught between shock and disbelief, she watched as her husband feverishly drove himself inside another female. His face buried in the crook of her neck, “Hades.”
Slowly, he turned his black gaze to her. She looked at him, his body tangled with another woman. His hair disheveled and lips that were swollen from passionate kissing. A pair of lean legs wrapped around his body as his thrusting increased. Even as Persephone tried to ignore the female’s moans, she couldn’t.
A small piece of her heart broke. The fact that he would take another woman made her want to vomit. Though, she shouldn’t even care after what she had done to him. He had a right to whomever he chose.
The woman under him screamed at the point of her climax. Persephone looked on mortified, but unable to look away as Hades released his own climax. All the while his black gaze stayed focused on her. When he was done, he used his powers to clothe the female and himself.
“What?” His tone was flat and emotionless.
“We need to talk.” She forced the sentence out. Her throat had gone dry.
“It can wait. I need to shower.” He dismissed her with a wave of his hand.
“No Hades, it cannot.” She stressed the last of those words to emphasize her point. Casting a side glance at the female soul, who had finally noticed her presence, she took in her appearance. It infuriated her. She couldn’t remember the last time her husband made her cheeks flush with heated passion. “I’ll be in the throne room.” She vanished.
With a heavy sigh, Hades followed his wife into the throne room, in no mood to deal with her and her dramatics. Not with the conversation he had with Bion replaying over and over in his mind. She had betrayed him in the worst way and for that she deserved the pain she felt now and much more. Appearing in the throne room, he found her sitting in his chair. Looking like a regal queen, instead of the cheap whore she really was.  “What is it female?”
There was a spark of rage in her eyes that she quickly covered. He walked closer to his throne. Walking closer to his throne, he felt her hurt and pain. It tugged at his feelings. He steeled himself against his weakness before it broke him down. The fact that she had the nerve to feel hurt, after what she did to him, made him want to laugh in her face.
“Don’t you dare talk to me like I am some cheap whore” She snapped at him. She stood from the throne.
A tic worked in his jaw. She was a damned whore, and deserved the same respect that she had given him.
Persephone stared at her husband for a moment as she tried to calm herself. Now was not the time to lose herself to her emotions. Sure that she had herself together and her voice wouldn’t belie her hurt feelings, she spoke. “Iraon is free.”
His body instantly tensed. “What?”
“The beast is free, Hades. While you were playing with your new toy, the beast was set free.”
He leveled an icy gaze at her before he spoke. “How is that possible? That mutt of yours was supposed to make sure that didn’t happen.” Pacing now, he ran his hands through his hair. His life had just gone up shits creek and he didn’t have a paddle, turning from bad to worse in a matter of moments.
“Go to your mutt and tell him what has happened.” Hades ordered his wife before he flashed himself to his brother’s temple.
Chapter 14

Radien appeared before his father, peeved that he had been drawn from Melody’s side.
“What is it?” he asked, ignoring the glare his father gave him.
“We have a problem.”
Of course we do. “What is it now?” he crossed his arms across his chest, waiting for his father’s response.
“Your mate-”
“Melody” he corrected his father.
“Melody, how is she doing?”
Groaning, Radien was hard pressed to leave his father’s presence. He didn’t have time for idle chat, when he could have Melody in his arms, snuggled close to his body as she slept. “Resting, something that I should be doing. As much as I would-” A dark sensation crept along Radien’s spine, a sensation he knew all too well. “Impossible.”
“Iraon is free,” his father’s voice echoed through the room, resonating with a forbidding that unnerved Radien more than Iraon’s freedom. “Damn devil.”
“How is this possible… Melody’s leg.” He cursed himself for not paying attention. Too caught up in saving her life, he hadn’t thought about how she had gotten injured in the first place.
“Iraon has the dagger.”
“Now what?” Radien asked.
“We prepare for war. That dagger is one of the Minori weapons, crafted by the dark lord, Gazini, to be wielded by the Trio. They cannot be destroyed by anyone other than their creator, just as the Trio cannot be killed, simply contained for all of eternity. Their deaths would disrupt the balance of power…” Bion paused. “If they die then you and your brothers must die too. That is something I will not allow.”
Radien clenched his teeth. This was all his father’s fault. He was responsible for making sure the beast never got his hands on the dagger again. “Didn’t you have enough common sense to hide the dagger better?” He couldn’t believe his father’s stupidity.
“The daggers were hidden and their power concealed… at least I thought they were.”
Radien couldn’t hold the smart remark that flew out of his mouth. “Maybe you shouldn’t think so much. It doesn’t seem like you have been doing a good job lately.”
Before he could react, he felt himself being tossed into the far wall. The force of the hit was so hard it rattled the walls of the throne room. He landed on the floor like a sack of potatoes. He turned his heated gaze to his father; the fury that burned in his father’s eyes mimicked his own. The tension thick in the air as Radien dusted himself off.
“Don’t not test my patience right now Radien. Remember, I am the one who gave you life.” Bion’s voice echoed through the room. His tone was dark and dominating. His fist clenched at his sides as he restrained himself from lashing out at his son.
Feeling the weight of his father’s rage, Radien prepared to square off against the one being he knew could obliterate him with a thought.

Bion shook with the force of his rage as he stood looking into a younger reflection of himself, tempted to snap his neck. “Stand down Radien, you-”
“Bion.”
His head whipped around at the sound of the familiar voice, that caressed his ear and made his heart skip.
There’s no way. He had to be hearing things.
“Bion.”
Again, his name echoed in the air. This time accompanied by the woman who whispered it. His eyes fixed on her automatically as her cherry and woman scent invaded his senses. He staggered back.
“Anima?” He turned his back to his son and walked over to where she stood in the middle of the room, calling to him like a beacon of light. His feet seemed to weigh him down, his steps slow and heavy.
Surely, he was seeing things. She had been dead for centuries. There was no way she could be alive… could she?
Their eyes locked as he finally reached her. Standing face to face with her was almost more than he could stand. She was just as beautiful as she had been the first time he had seen her. Her body still lush and full under the full length gown she wore. Her eyes still the hypnotizing gray that had stolen his heart centuries before.
Where was she coming from? Where had she been? The questions were firing in his head a mile a minute.
“Anima,” he raised a hand to touch her face. He expected her to disappear at his touch, but his hand only contacted with the warm and soft feel of her skin.
By the… He was speechless. She was flesh and bone, warm to his touch. Before he knew it, he had pulled her into his arms. Still perfect against him, she filled his every sense as he closed his eyes and enjoyed her missed warmth. Tears began to well up from inside of him.
“Bion.” She wrapped her arms under his long hair and around his thick neck. He held her tighter. “I’ve missed you.”
Gods, he had missed her too. So much so, he didn’t know how he had made it without her touch. Pulling back, he looked into her teary eyes. He pushed a loose strand of her hair behind her ear. “I have missed you so much.” He embraced her again, this time picking her up off the floor as he held her.
Anima couldn’t breathe, but she didn’t care. She had waited so long to feel Bion’s arms around her again that she wasn’t about to let a little thing like breathing break them apart. After a moment he sat her back down on her feet. She could feel his joy pouring over her along with all the questions that were contained inside of him.
She stared into his beautiful glowing eyes and saw the heat in them. As much as she wanted to give in to his desires, she had more important things to discuss with him. She opened her mouth to speak, but was cut off as Bion’s lips crushed against hers.
She moaned at the missed taste of him. It stole her breath. All of his kisses had that effect on her. He kissed her with all the power he had in him and she met him with the same force. Like always, the taste of him made her knees weak. He placed one hand on the small of her back, pushing her closer into his body, while his other hand gently massaged her scalp.

Radien’s jaw dropped. He felt as if he had been punched in the gut. Shocked, he watched his parents make out like a pair of horny teenagers. It disturbed and fascinated him at the same time as all the problems with Aprophis and Iraon just floated away. He had never seen his mother before, but his father had told him numerous stories about her. When he was younger, he often heard his father speak her name in his sleep. He didn’t know how she died and his father had refused to tell him. Saying that either way she was gone and not coming back…
So then, why was she standing a few feet away from him in full living color?
He stared at them. He was told that she was beyond beautiful. That Aphrodite herself was jealous, but the way his father described her didn’t do her any justice. He watched fascinated as they embraced each other. He could see the tears streaming down his mother’s face.
“Mother?” He finally managed to say. His voice was barely above a horse whisper. He wasn’t sure she had heard him, until her head snapped up, her gray eyes locking on to him.
He watched as his father stepped back out of the way so she could walk over to him.
She was in her steps, a regal beauty. She was by all rights a Queen.
“Radien,” though she had died when he was just born, her voice, the soft way she called his name, was familiar to him.
Instantly, he remembered her voice as images of her rubbing her rounded belly, talking to him about a kingdom long ago, a kingdom before the gods and their enslavement, a time where she had been a queen and he had been a prince.
Anima couldn’t believe her eyes. Radien, her son, her pride and joy was all grown up and standing in front of her. She could feel his powers as if they were her own. She hadn’t been expecting to see him when she decided to come see Bion, but there he was just as tall and handsome as his father… if not more so. Raising her hand, she cupped his face. His eyes glowed.
“You have your father’s eyes.” She ran her hands through his loose hair. Frowning, she looked to Bion then back to Radien. “Where are your markings?”
He didn’t answer her. He couldn’t. All the speech he was capable of left him the moment her soft hands touched his face. Instead, he unmasked his markings.
She smiled at him as the white streak of hair that started from the top of his head and finished at the ends of his hair appeared.
Her smile was breath taking.

Bion watched the emotions play across Radien’s face, joy, confusion, and most of all love. All the same emotions he was feeling.
She was supposed to be dead.
He knew something was going on. There was something she had to tell him. He could sense it. She had been about to speak when he had cut her off with an earth shattering kiss.
She had come for a reason and he was sure it wasn’t going to be a good reason either.
“Anima.” He called to her. She turned to face him. “What is going on?”
The smile faded from her face. She backed away, looking back and forth between the two men she almost died for.
She took a deep breath before she spoke. “Iraon is free.”
“We know that…” Bion took a step forward. He stared down at her. “How is it that you are here? For centuries I thought you were dead, now here you stand.”
“Bion, there will be time for me to explain. Right now, we have bigger problems to worry about. Stepping around him, she turned her attention towards Radien. “Not only does Iraon plan on free the other beasts, he also plans on killing the devil and absorbing his powers.
“Shit.” Bion and Radien cursed under their breath.
“How do you know this?” Bion’s gaze narrowed on her.
She ignored his question.
“Iraon is already powerful. But with the devil’s power added to his…” She didn’t finish her sentence. Then again, she didn’t have to. They all knew the beast was almost impossible to stop with his powers, but added to that of the devil, there will be hell on earth.
“The devil won’t be able to stop him.” Bion added as he raked his hand through his thick hair.
“Damn it.” Radien cursed as he mimicked his father’s action.
“Yes.” Anima stated while walking back over to Bion. “We still have time.  He doesn’t have the location of the other beasts.”
“Count us lucky for now. So long as he doesn’t have the location of the other cages or weapons, we only have to deal with him and the devil.”
 “Yes, but Iraon wants his revenge.” She gave a pointed stare towards Radien. “He plans to make the two of you suffer for imprisoning him.”
“He is going to be coming after the Trinitymates… he’s going to be coming for Melody.” Radien couldn’t let that happen. “I have to tell her.”
“Radien wait.” His mother reached for him.
“I have to go to her.” He vanished from the throne room, leaving his parents to deal with their problems.
Bion stared at Anima with a thousand questions going through his mind. All of which he planned to have answered before the night was over.
“Will you be staying?” He asked.
She simply nodded the vanished from his sight. He followed her to his bed chambers.

Melody had slept for what seemed like hours. Her body was feeling rested after sleeping against the softness of the bed. But something was missing. The warmth that had surrounded her had disappeared.
With her eyes closed, she turned to feel the other side of the bed. The receding warmth of the sheets told her that Radien had been gone for a while. She frowned; she had wanted to wake up to his face and his warm body.
“Radien?” She called out in a groggy voice as she sat up and rubbed the sleep from her eyes. Opening her eyes, she looked around the spacious room. There was no sign of him. With a heavy sigh, she got out of bed and headed to the bathroom. Splashing water on her face, she ran her damp hands through her hair, trying to tame the wild mane on top her head.
Somewhat satisfied with her appearance, she headed out of the bathroom, focused on finding some type of entertainment until Radien came back. As she walked around the room, she took in the odd little trinkets scattered about the room. That’s when the hairs on the back of her neck started to rise as the air around her stirred. She quickly turned around expecting to Radien in the room with her. Instead, her gaze narrowed on the tall and beautiful woman standing over by the bed.
The woman frowned before she spoke. “Are you his latest plaything?”
Plaything? “Excuse me.” Melody had to make sure she heard the woman right.
“You heard me. I asked if you were his newest play thing.” Pausing, she ran a repugnant glance over Melody. “Well, not that little.”
Melody ignored the woman’s insult. Watching her as she walked around the room, Melody couldn’t help but notice how beautiful she was. Slender, with flawless skin and gracefully movements, she seemed to be gliding on air. The air around her screamed royalty or something close to it. Absently, she ran an elegant hand across the table and chairs. For a brief moment, a wave of possessiveness hit Melody so hard it too all her self control to keep from lashing out at the woman. Silently, she walked over to the bed and frowned at the tossed about sheets. The expression on her face was one of repulsion. As if the thought of a woman in his bed sickened her.
For some odd reason, Melody felt some kind of pleasure from the female’s disapproval. Her satisfaction at having offended the woman quickly disappeared, when the female’s hand glided across Radien’s side of the bed. Another wave of possessiveness coursed through Melody. So much so, a growl escaped her, surprising both her and the female intruder.
Persephone stared at the ordinary human standing in front of her. She couldn’t see what Radien saw in the woman. She looked like any other common human, nothing special.
There was another growl and she couldn’t believe the human had the courage to growl at her like she was some kind of trespasser.
Did his little toy not know who she was? Did she know that she had him first? Persephone mused as she turned her attention back to the sheets.
Of course the simple female didn’t know who she was. If she did, Persephone was sure she wouldn’t have been lying in his bed.
The image of the two of them in bed together made her want to vomit.
She should be the one he touched and loved, not some human who couldn’t possibly understand the world she was in now.
Jealously flowed through Persephone, as a goddess she should be worshiped and adored. Not discarded for some fat human. “Tell me female-”
“Name is Melody.”
Persephone’s gaze sliced through the woman. How dare the human interrupt her when she was in the middle of speaking? The woman’s name was no consequence to her.
“Yes, well, Melody.” She waved her hand dismissively as she walked around the bed. Locking eyes with the woman, she met her heated stare. With her arms crossed across her chest she continued to speak. ‘Do you know who I am?”
Melody met the woman’s gaze. No, she didn’t know who the hell she was, nor did she really care. All she knew was that if she didn’t take the base out of her voice, she was going to end up missing a limb.
“I guess not.” Persephone took two steps towards the woman. “I am Persephone, Queen of the Underworld.”
Melody frowned. Was she supposed to be impressed with her? At least it explained the whole “bow down to me now” vibe that surrounded her. The goddess reminded her of the popular girls in her high school. The ones that thought everyone had to admire them just because they said so.
 She would love to knock the queen down off her pedestal, and if she came any closer to her she would.
“Persephone,” she said dryly as she shifted her weight from leg to leg. She was itching to hit the smirk of the goddess’s face. “I’ve heard of you… Hades’s whore for a wife, I never dreamed I would meet you in person. I must say that you are not all that impressive.” She felt a smirk appear on her face at the goddess’s offended reaction.
Persephone hands twitched at her sides. How dare the human talk to her like she was some commoner and not her superior? She would wipe that smirk off her face. “Whore? Human you know nothing of whores, because if you did, you wouldn’t be so quick to protect the man who defines the word.”  Her gaze burned into Melody. “Tell me human, did you not smell me on him the other day… Did he not come back to you smelling like my sex?”
Melody felt her heart drop, but she held herself together, refusing to let the bitch of a goddess upset her.
“Pity really, that he would leave me for something as imperfect as you. But then again, he never really leaves me. He always comes back to me, because I will forever hold his heart.”
That was it. She had heard enough. Before Melody to stop herself, she rushed the goddess. Persephone laughed as the human woman tried to attack her. Sighing, she held up her hand and flicked her wrist, sending Melody into the wall, then crashing through a glass table onto the floor.
The attack was so swift that Melody barely had time to react. First she was smirking at an offended goddess, and then she was being thrown by an invisible force, that swatted her away like she was an annoying bug.
Glaring at Persephone, Melody whipped the blood dripping from her mouth. The sudden pain from her shoulder sent a surge of power through her. Focusing her power and anger on the goddess in front of her, she got to her feet.  She watched as the goddess flicked her wrist again. This time Melody prepared herself for the force. When it came, she held out her hands and reflected the force back. Watching in triumph as her opponent flew into the bedpost, snapping it in half.
Persephone landed on the floor, her back was killing her. She looked back at the human and her eyes widened in disbelief. The woman’s eyes were glowing bright white with her fury. Her power radiated in the air around them.
Refusing to be beaten by a human, Persephone pushed herself to her feet and vanished.
Melody looked around the room. She could sense the Persephone was still there, but she couldn’t see her. A sharp pain traveled along her spine, dropping her to the floor. With a smile on her face, the goddess came from behind her and kicked her one more time in the stomach. 
Melody clenched her teeth together, refusing to let the goddess hear her scream in pain. She saw the next kick coming and managed to grab her foot twisting, it so that she fell to the floor. Melody rolled to her feet the same time Persephone rose to hers
Time for round two.

Radien’s jaw, for the second time today, went slack as he appeared in his bedroom.
Holy hell. He thought as he watched Melody kick Persephone in the stomach.  He wouldn’t have thought Melody could fight the goddess.
But as he watched them, he had to admit that she handled herself rather well.
I should probably break them up. But in all honesty, he was enjoying seeing Persephone get her ass kicked… and by a human no less. If only Hades was here to witness this.
He watched in fascination as Melody pinned Persephone to the ground. Straddling her, she placed an elbow to her throat. No matter how hard Persephone struggled, she couldn’t toss Melody off her.
Power and strength vibrated through Melody’s body as she drew back with her free hand. And damn it, if it wasn’t the sexiest thing he’d ever seen. His future mate practically glowed from adrenaline overload. His body responded with a hard on he couldn’t hide.
Suddenly, Melody’s head snapped up and her attention focused on him.
Oh shit. He thought as his glowing gazed locked with hers. Her eyes were the exact imitation of his. Glowing as she cocked her head to the side, taking him in. A moment later they changed back to their normal color.
That moment gave Persephone the perfect chance to send Melody flying into the air. Acting on pure instinct to protect what was his, Radien flashed himself behind Melody before she had a chance to hit the marbled wall.
“Enough.” He bellowed as he closely watched Persephone gather herself off the floor. Placing Melody on her feet, he positioned himself between the fighting women.
“Get away from me.” He looked over his shoulder, meeting her heated gaze. The sadness and hurt in them made his heart sink.
Shit. She knew. He should have known she was going to find out.
“You damn right I found out.”
He felt her hand connect with the side of his face. Stunned, Radien could do nothing but look at Melody with wide eyes. She could hear his thoughts. How and when the hell did that happen?
Shaking his head, it didn’t matter. All that mattered was getting the Persephone out of his room and attending to Melody. She moved from behind him and he turned to face her.
“Mel… my beauty, please listen to me.”
“Humph, your beauty? She doesn’t look so beautiful to me Radien.” Persephone mused as she folded her arms across her chest. “She looks like some type of trash a dog would bring in.”

The air in the room sizzled and popped, before she could blink Radien, had the arrogant goddess by the throat, lifting her off the ground. Her eyes widened in panic while her hands tried to pry his grip off her neck.
Radien sneered at the pathetic female, rage clearly burning in his eyes. She was too stunned to move. Melody didn’t know if a goddess could be choked to death, but by the way her face was turning blue she figured it was possible.
“Radi-“ She stopped mid-sentence when his glowing gaze locked onto her over his massive shoulder. Something passed across his face before he turned his attention back to the goddess.
“You, goddess, should have stayed where you pathetic husband was.” He growled behind clenched teeth.
“Radien, you are going to kill her.” Melody gasped as Persephone’s body went limp, her eyes rolling to the back of her head.
Melody’s voice was a whisper against his ear. As much as he might have wanted to choke every last deceitful breath out of Persephone’s body, he couldn’t kill her that easily. But damn him if he wasn’t enjoying the different shades of blue that her face was turning.
Melody didn’t know what to do. Yeah, she had wanted to kill the female a few moments ago, but her heart wouldn’t let her stand around and watch the woman die.
Damn it. She needed to do something. She heard Radien growl as he released her from his grip. She fell to the floor like she weighed a ton. Instantly her hands went to her neck, massaging the bruised area. From the floor, she stared at Radien in outrage.
“Get out.” His voice was low and deadly as he towered over her.
“Radien?” Coughing, she slowly rose back to her feet. She reached for him, but he stepped out of her reach. Hatred burned in her eyes as she looked back and forth between him and Melody. “You choose her over me? After all we’ve shared.” She said in a strained voice.
He turned his back to her. “Mel…” He eased toward her as she tried to move further away from him. Backing away until she stumbled over a footstool. Embarrassment reddened her face as she fell flat on her ass.
“You leave me for this, a stumbling human… an average human who can’t even stand up straight.” Persephone tried to laugh, but it sounded more like a strangled wheeze. “You chose that imperfect creature over the perfection of a goddess.”
Melody averted her gaze from Radien’s, she was ashamed. Though the female was a bitch, she was right. Melody was nothing compared to a goddess.
Radien whirled around to face Persephone. His anger spiked again. He heard her gasp and he knew that she understood that he was a few seconds away from changing forms and ripping her head off.  “I suggest you leave now Persephone, before I do something I won’t regret.” He paused. “You’ve caused enough damage." She was gone with a flick of his wrist. Back to her husband, back to the underworld where she belonged.

With the goddess gone Melody should have felt relieved, instead she felt as if the rug had been pulled from under her feet. Her hands shook uncontrollably as she struggled to control her breathing. Pushing herself back to her feet, her heart felt as if it had been shattered into a million pieces. She cursed herself for her weakness and the tears that were starting to form behind her eyes. If she didn’t get it together, she was going to break down. Closing her eyes, she took several deep breaths… then she started laughing hysterically. She couldn’t believe how stupid she had been. To think she had started to open her heart to him, believing he was different. God, she was so stupid. Men were men no matter what.
Feeling as if she had a better handle on herself, she opened her eyes. Almost instantly, she locked gazes with him. Her heart sunk into her chest all over again. She needed to get away from him, away from the world crumbling around her.
But, how? It’s not like she knew where she was or even how she had gotten there.
Salty tears ran down the side of her face. She looked around the room for some type of escape. Anything was better than standing where she was. The bedroom door was to her right. As much as she wanted to bolt out the door, her pride refused to let her feel weak. Instead of running out the door, she wiped the tears from her face, held her chin high and turned her back to him. Walking to the door, she gripped its golden handle and turned… the door didn’t open. She tried again, this time twisting harder than before. It still wouldn’t move.
“Let me out.” She murmured, knowing that he heard her even with if her voice was a strained whisper.
He started towards her. “Mel.” His voice was both close and distant.
“Let. Me. Out.” She jerked the handle again.
“We need to talk.”
Like hell. She didn’t want to talk to him. There was nothing to say. She couldn’t look into his handsome face again without her heart breaking. Banging on the door, she hoped someone, anyone, would hear her and save her from the pain that was going through her.
Finally, she gave up. Resting her forehead against the door, she squeezed her eyes shut, trying to block out the images of Craig and his betrayal. Now she had to deal with this crap.  And to top it all off, her shoulder wouldn’t stop its constant tingling. She banged her fist on the door out of frustration.
“A goddess” She whispered to herself. She wished it didn’t hurt as bad as it did. It shouldn’t even matter to her since she had only known him for a week or so. Yet, the pain was still there all the same.
How could she have been so stupid? Why would he want her when he had a goddess? How could she have expected him to really want or have feelings for someone who was so plain in comparison?
“You don’t have to compete with her.” His voice came from behind her. She didn’t have to open her eyes or turn around to know he was standing directly behind her. The warmth of his body against her back told her as much. What made it worse was that she could feel him, every part of her body was fully aware of the male standing behind her. Her forehead on the door, with her eyes closed, she could feel his essence, all the way down to her bone. His dark scent traveled through her body, making her moist. For the thousandth time, she cursed her body’s reaction to him. She didn’t want these feelings. But there was no denying the way her body lit up when he was near her.  It took all the strength, anger, and will power she had not to turn around into his arms and bury her head in his wide chest to inhale the scent of him.
“Yes, she is beautiful.” She heard his voice vaguely through her own thoughts. But even so her heart dropped even further out of her chest. She was sure if she opened her eyes, she would see it on the floor.
“She cannot compare to you.” His arms wrapped around her. She knew she should have fought him, shoved him away from her or something. But she couldn’t. Instead, she remained unmoving listening to his deep voice.
He pulled her backwards into his chest. His hard muscles pushed against her back. With his warm breath against her ear, he spoke “You are far more beautiful than her. You glow from the inside out.”
She forced herself not to feel anything from what he was saying. Her body was reacting to him on so many levels, it was starting to scare her. The electricity that flowed between them was starting to leave her breathless.
Damn it. She wished she could believe that he wanted her as much as she wanted him.
“Do you want to know what you do to me every time you come near me?” Her eyes flew open. Seductively, his tongue glided across the inside of her ear as he ground himself against the back of her. His massive erection was pushed hard into her back. She couldn’t fight the moan that escaped her lips or the shocks that were sent through her body.
The scent of her arousal assaulted him as his tongue ran down the side of her neck. He wondered if she knew that she was rubbing slightly against him, making him harden for her even more.
“Your scent drives me wild.” His voice was rough as he spoke. “Every time I breathe I can smell you.” One of his hands roamed over the softness of her stomach.
“Your voice” He groaned into her ear. “It’s music to my ears. I love to hear you speak. I especially love it when you speak my name and I can’t wait to hear you moan it as I pleasure you.”
The promising sound in his voice made her knees weak and another surge of wetness course through her.
“When you laugh it is the most wondrous thing I have ever heard.” His hand moved up her shirt, to cup her breast through the fabric of her bra. Her nipple hardened under the feel of his hand.
Her breath left her in a rush as he pushed her completely against the door. His body mashed into hers from behind. His erection pushed even harder into her back. The next thing she knew, her right arm was pinned above her head with one of his hands, their fingers locked together. His other hand took her left hand and forced it down the small of her back.
“Your body” his voice traveled over her body. She was aching for him. “Your body does this to me.” He took her hand and slid it inside his slacks.
Radien couldn’t remember the last time a woman made him crave her as much as he craved the woman pinned to the door. He hadn’t been this hard for a woman in all his life. “You drive me wild.” He groaned. All his blood leaving his brain as her warm hand wrap around his shaft.
He heard her sharp intake of breath as he showed her how to stroke him, after a second she found her own rhythm. He moaned into her ear, her touch was almost more than he could handle. He had to brace himself on the door with both of his hands.
Her body ached for him. With her hand free she pushed herself from the door and turned to face him. His eyes glowed bright with his desire. With jagged breaths, he rotated his hips. Pumping himself in her hand, his tongued traveled across her neck and collar bone.
“I… damn… Mel” He couldn’t get his words out. Not when his senses were being overwhelmed. When he couldn’t take it anymore, he crushed her lips with his, demanding a forceful kiss from her. He pinned her hard between his body and the door. “I need to be inside you” His need evident in the tone of his voice.
Oh God Yes.
Radien heard her thoughts loud and clear. He growled low in his throat as he captured her lips again, his hand moving under her shirt so he could touch her flesh. She moaned into his mouth as his hands rubbed against her nipples. Growing annoyed at the shirt between them, he ripped it open; both the shirt and her bra falling to the floor. His lips, leaving hers, he took in the fullness of her body. He loved the fullness of her breast, the softness of her stomach, and the curves of her hips. Bending his head, he licked her from her breast to her stomach, grazing his teeth against her chocolate peaks then down the middle of her stomach and back up. Both his hands massaging her breast as his lips came back to hers.
He wanted to take her slowly, but his need was way past that, and he could tell by the way she moaned and rubbed against him that she couldn’t wait either. With a curse he pulled away from her, tearing off his shirt and dropping his slacks. The scent of her arousal filled his head. He was a madman, as his body and his erection pressed back into her. He could hardly speak when he felt her slick tongue go across his nipples. Hissing, he pinned her harder into the door, parting her legs with his thigh. Her hands were held over her head by one of his as the other roamed down her body to her hot core. She moaned as one of his fingers slid into her. She was wet and ready for him. Moving his hand from her core, he raised her leg to his waist. The tip of his groin rubbed against her sex. He growled as he entered her fully with one thrust.
They moan in unison as he entered her.
Gods… Radien could barely breathe as he started to move in and out of her.
“Gods… Mel… So… Tight.” He groaned as he moved inside of her. Burying his head in the curve of her neck, he inhaled her scent. With their bodies pressed together desire consumed them. Everywhere their skin touched pleasure filled shocks went through her. She wanted to touch him, to bury her hands in his long beautiful hair that fell over her body with his movement. But he was holding her hands in place. Wrapping  her other leg around him his waist, she gave him greater access to her hot core.
“Radien.” She moaned his name.
He brought his head up and locked gazes with her. His eyes were the brightest she had ever seen them. He smiled and kissed her the same moment he slid himself slowly and deeply inside her. With her ankles locked around his waist, she rocked her body against his.
The sound of their moaning and skin slapping filled the bedroom.
He pulled his lips away from hers. “Cum for me my beauty… I want to see your face as I pleasure you.”
She couldn’t respond. Not when she was on the verge of the greatest orgasm in her life. When he switched up his rhythm, going from slow to fast and back again, she came apart with his name on her lips.
Through her own fog of pleasure, she heard him make a very male sound of approval before he started moving urgently inside of her. His body tensed with the need for his own release. The muscles in his thighs tightened as he threw his head back and roared with the force of his orgasm. Spent, his head fell on her chest, his black hair covering his face. She felt his seed enter her body and she milked him for all he had.
He shuddered.
He let go of her hands as her legs fell weakly from around him. Had Radien’s body not been there to support her, she was sure she would be sprawled out on the floor. She should have felt smothered but she welcomed his weight as her own. Taking her hands, she ran them through his hair.
Odd, she would have sworn his hair was completely black, at least she thought it was. Now there was a white streak in the middle. Toying with a strand between her fingers, she wondered what else she had missed.
Her eyes roamed over his muscled back.
She frowned. She hadn’t noticed the marking that covered his whole back either. From her angle she wasn’t sure what it was but she thought it reminded her of the mark she had on her shoulder.
How could she have missed that?
“You didn’t miss it.” He mumbled. Raising his head, he gave her a quick kiss on the lips before he withdrew his body away from hers. He stepped completely out of his slacks. And damn her if he wasn’t the sexiest thing on two legs that she had ever seen in her life. Every part of him was toned and rippled with muscles. He bled power and dominance, and it made her ache for him again.
“Come, let me clean you.” He held out his hand. As she placed her hand in his another tingling sensation went through her. Before she could question what it meant, he was already leading her towards the bathroom.
She had to bite her lip from letting a moan escape her lips from looking at him from behind. He had to have the finest ass she had ever seen. Round and firm it begged her to squeeze it. Her eyes roamed over his powerful back and the marking that covered it. Intricate, and somewhat demonic looking, it reminded her of her birthmark.
Her eyes met his from over his shoulder. He smiled and it took her breath away. She swallowed as images of what just happened between them played in her head.
“If you don’t stop, I won’t be able to keep my hands away from you and we will never make it into the bath.”
She felt her face heat up as she averted her gaze from his.
He pulled her into the bathroom and shut the door behind them. He turned and faced her as a wicked smile played across his face and her body lit up again… yeah, she was really going to enjoy this bath.
 
Chapter 15

As she watched him sleep, her hand roamed over the curve of his square jaw, across his face, then traced the outline of his full lips. He looked so peaceful. His relaxed face was even more handsome than she had last remembered.
Her heart clenched as she looked at him. She had missed him so much. Each day without him had killed her over and over again. She hated herself for deceiving him the way that she had, but what choice did she really have? If Zeus would have known she was alive, he would have brought the wrath of the gods down on her young son and Bion. Then he would have come for her, mercilessly killing her and destroying any hopes she had of a future with the only man she loved.
Sighing, Anima thought about all the time that had passed. All the time she had spent in the Neither World, a realm between realms that few creatures had the power to visit. Luckily, because of her position as queen, there weren’t many places she couldn’t travel. The moment Iraon was freed a hole had opened up in the part of the Neither World that she had called home for so long. This rift had allowed her freedom after centuries of imprisonment… not that it had been unpleasant; it just wasn’t the place she wanted to be.
She had to admit, she wasn’t expecting Bion to welcome her back with open arms. She thought he would turn her away for her lies and the pain she brought him. But he didn’t. Instead, he had wrapped his arms around her, like he never wanted to let her go again.
She had been divinely favored by the higher forces.
“I love you.” She whispered, placing a quick kiss on his cheek.
He stirred slightly, murmuring her name in his sleep. Then he relaxed again.
She snuggled up next to him, laying her head in the curve of his neck. A sigh escaped her as his arms wrapped possessively around her. Closing her eyes, she deeply inhaled his masculine.
“You keep doing that and we won’t make it out of this bed.” His rough voice echoed through the room. Tenderly, unable to help herself, her hand caressed his chest. She pinched his nipples playfully.
“Anima” He groaned.
“Yes.” She purred in his ear as her hand roamed further down his body, under the pale green satin sheets that covered their naked bodies.
He groaned again.
“I don’t care if I never get out of this bed again.” She nuzzled his face.
“I love the way you purr my name.” His breath was warm against her ear.
“And I love the way you feel in my hands.” She gripped his shaft in her hand. He was all hard muscled male and it made her pant as she stroked him.
 
Gods help him, but when she touched him like that he couldn’t think straight. There were matters, he needed to attend to. One of which was finding out how the female in his arms survived an attack from the gods. He had thousands of questions to ask her, but all of it left him when she touched him. His breath grew ragged as she stroked him. He wanted her, needed her. She alone had the power to bring him to his knees.
He groaned at the sensation of her warm hands on him. The need to be inside her was too much to ignore. With lighting fast movements he was on top of her. Like always, when he looked at her, she took his breath away. Feminine, yet powerful, she was all he needed. Hooded gray eyes captured him and refused to let go. They had been through a lot together. To have her with him, back in his arms, filled him with more joy than he could stand. He couldn’t help the wide smile that spread across his face as her soft giggles of excitement reached his ears.
“Giggling my love? That’s very different for you.” He nuzzled the side of her neck as she giggled some more.
As much as he loved the sound of her laughter, he knew a better way to make use of her mouth, one that would benefit both of them. Capturing her lips, her giggles were replaced with pleasured moans. Their tongues dancing as her hands continued to stroke him.
“I want you, Bion.” She moaned against his lips as she guided him into her wet folds. They both shuttered as he entered her. Taking him all the way to the hilt with each stroke, soft and wet flesh drove him crazy as he pumped himself inside of her. Her moans echoing loudly in his ears until she came apart, screaming his name as he orgasm consumed her.
Growling in satisfaction, his thrusts intensified, his own climax taking hold of him. He soared to new heights as he came. Drained, he collapsed on top of her and rolled over next to her. Scooping her into his arms, he brought her tightly to his chest. He buried his head in the thickness of her black hair and inhaled her scent.
“Anima, where have you been?” He spoke softly into her hair.
“I wanted to come to you, but I had to wait until the time was right.” She paused, her voice beginning to crack from her overflowing emotions. She covered his large hand with hers, interlocking their fingers. “I didn’t expect you to welcome me back so openly.”
Frowning, Bion was taken aback by her words. Why would he not have welcomed her with open arms? She was the one who had his heart. Even though he did take another female to his bed and conceived children with her, it was Anima who was branded into his soul and spirit.
“I would never have turned you away.” He wrapped her tightly in his arms.
Turning in his arms, she wanted to look into his glowing eyes, to see the love he held for her reflected in his stare. As she looked at him, the expression on his face tugged at her heart. No, he would never have turned her away and she was a fool to think that he would have.
She ran her hand across his face. He turned his head so he could kiss her palm. Then he took hold of her lips again. When he let go of her, she was breathless.
“What is going on?” He asked, his hands roaming up and down her back.
Sighing, she moved from his hold and sat up. She took a deep breath before she spoke. “Iraon is being helped by a higher power. I just don’t know which one.”
Bion grunted. Great, this just made his life so much easier. “There are only three source powers; Rasi, Thana, and myself. I know Rasi, had no hand in this. Thana, however, I’m not so sure about.”
Anima remained quiet, keeping her suspicions to herself. “Regardless, we have to find out which source it is.”
“How?” He turned his stare to her.
She remained quiet contemplating what they should do…

* * *

“Tell me what is going on.”
He gave her a dull stare.
“Besides the obvious, why me? Why am I cursed?”
He frowned. He didn’t consider being with him a curse.
“I didn’t mean you. But, since I’ve been dragged into this, I need to know everything.” Watching him closely, she could feel him debating how much he was actually going to tell her.
“Fine,” he finally said. His anxiety made it so he couldn’t sit still any longer. Moving from the bed, he began his usual pacing.
Melody waited patiently for him to continue, all the while trying to ignore that annoying tingling from her shoulder, “Radien?”
“Yes.” He paused in his feverish pacing to stare at her.
“What does the mark on my shoulder mean? I know it’s not a normal birthmark, normal birthmarks don’t shock their owners’ bodies… so what is it?” She monitored his face expression closely.
Radien frowned, and then groaned as he tried to figure out the best way to explain all that was going on.
“Don’t sugar coat it. Just tell me, I’m a big girl I can handle it.”
“You’re a Trinitymate.” He finally spat out.
Trinitymate. That’s a new word. “What is that?”
“It means that you were predestined to be the mate of one of the Hounds of Trinity.”
He just kept throwing out new words to her like she knew what it meant.
Radien ignored her testy thinking and continued, “There are three hounds-”
“Hate to interrupt, but by a hound, you mean what exactly?”
“Humans call us the Cerberus, though their knowledge of us is highly misgiving.”
“Wait, are you telling me that you can turn into an oversized three headed dog.” And just when she thought she had heard it all.
“Yes.”
She burst out laughing. Surely he couldn’t be serious. But as she sobered and looked at his stone face, she felt her face drain of color. “Prove it.” She found herself demanding. There was no way he was telling the truth. She refused to believe that she had just committed bestiality.
Radien was skeptical about this. Especially since he was sure that she was going to bolt the moment she saw that what he was telling her was the truth. “Mel-”
“Show me.” She practically shouted. Her pleading stare bore into him, leaving him with no other choice but to obey.
Closing his eyes, he channeled his powers. They surged through him, stronger than usual as his bones broke, then reset back into place. A howl ripped from his throat. With a blinding burst of light, he changed into his hound form.
He sat before her awaiting a response.
Unable to move, Melody’s mind struggled to process what she was seeing. With her heart hammering in her chest, she was sure she going to have a panic attack. There was just no way a man could transform into the beast in front of her. Paralyzed with amazement, disbelief, and fear, she couldn’t scream or run.
“Melody.” His voiced thundered from all sides of the room, making her jump out of her own skin.
He rose to his feet, his massive body blocking any escape she could hope to make. He came closer to her, which amounted to a tilt of one of his heads, and she scrambled further up the bed.
“My beauty.” This time she was faced with three snouts. Trembling from head to toe, she sat with her arms wrapped tightly around her knees.
“I won’t hurt you, but I need you to understand, that this is the real me.” He lay down on the floor in front of the bed; each head, taking up a side of the bed, confining her to the small space between them.
She had heard him though, his voice reached deep inside her. To the part of her that knew that the animal in front of her would never hurt her. She blinked once...twice… three times. Slowly, she came back to herself.
“Radien?” She placed a hand, which looked bite sized, on his middle snout. A deep growl vibrated through the room. His tail actually waged as his eyes closed to savor her touch. A small spread across her face as he rubbed his snout against her hand. She actually giggled when her palm met the cold of his nose.
“Melody” He groaned.
She smiled wide at the fact that even as a giant animal he groaned like an old man.
“I am an old man.” He sat up, forgetting his height, and hit the top of his head on the canopy.
She laughed as he growled, what she assumed to be a curse, at his self. “That is not funny.”
Rolling her eyes at his grouchy tone, she watched him sit back on his hind legs. She stared at him for a moment before a light out the corner of her eye caught her attention. She turned her head to see that the light came from his tail that rested on the floor beside his paws.  Her gaze went back to his massive chest.
She wondered how something that big could change into the man that she had woken up to. “Does it hurt?” She eased off the bed. Standing in front of him, she had to almost break her neck to look fully up at him. Now I know how an ant feels.
“No, not anymore.”
Nodding, she continued towards him. She took him in fully now, taking the time to truly look at the beautiful creature in front of her. All black except for the white strip of hair that went down the middle of his body, he was truly magnificent as he stared at her with those intense glowing eyes. He looked as if he wanted to devour her right then and there. She shivered.
What would that fur feel like under her hand? She reached her hand out, only to draw it back. She craned her neck to look back up at him. “Can I?” She asked.
The dark growl that echoed in the room made her take several steps back.
“What have I told you? You need no one’s permission to touch what is yours. Your hands can touch whatever part of me they want.” He ran his tail, the bright light illuminating her body, up and around her legs to make sure she understood his exact meaning. Not that she could miss it. Subtle, wasn’t exactly in his vocabulary it seemed.
“Behave.” Blushing, she reached her hand out to touch the soft as velvet fur at his side. She sighed, as small shocks traveled up her arm. He was softer than she imagined and she found herself rubbing her face against the softness of his black fur.
“Melody,” he groaned or moaned, she could be quite sure with her face buried in his side. “I am having a hard enough time restraining myself… you’re not helping.”
“Sorry.” Bashfully, she stopped her face rubbing, but her hands were a different story, she couldn’t bring them to stop touching him. “Continue telling me about the Trinity…” the air shifted around her. “Don’t change. Stay like this.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes, now continue.”
Radien shook his heads at her bossy tone as he adjusted himself so she was tucked safely to his side, his tail resting on her lap as she continued to pet him.
Content that she was comfortable, he continued. “There are three hounds that make up the Trinity. My brothers and I were born with similar markings like you, and like you we are able to control some of the strongest forces ever created. I am the oldest, and therefore the strongest. My power, like my father’s powers…” he grudgingly said “are drawn from the energy and life forces of the things around us. However, while both of my brothers can draw that type of power, I am the only one who is strong enough to command and channel it without any damage being done to me. And being that my mother was the hound queen, she added to my strength. She also gave me the ability to channel into the powers of darkness, which is something I try not to do.”
Well, that explained the dark vibe he had given off when she first saw him. “Are you afraid that you might like the dark side?”
Radien scoffed at her. Him? Afraid? Never, “I would love it. Embrace it even, because it is a part of me, but it would also turn me into something worse than any of the monsters you have seen. I would become something worse than Iraon.”
“Jaden is the second oldest, his mother was the strongest hound of Hades after they were enslaved to the god to be his pets. She had escaped the because of her strength. She had just reached the edge of the Underworld, the space that separates the living and the dead, when my father found her.” He paused and she got the feeling that there was more to that story than he was telling her. “Jaden is able to control temperamental powers and elements, mainly fire. His attitude is just as unstable as the powers he controls. He embraces the darkness that our species is born with, and because of this, he brings destruction everywhere he goes.”
“Remind me to stay away from him.” She could only imagine what uncontrolled power like that was capable of.
“You are in no danger from him.”
Once again, she felt that there was more to the story than he was telling, but she decided it was best not to pry right now. Pushing her nosiness aside, she shifted her position so that she was laying on one of his paws.
“Then there is Adien,” there was regret in his tone. “Adien is the youngest and by far the most hardheaded. Though Jaden may embrace his darker side for his own personal gain, Adien just causes misery because he is jealous and miserable and wants everyone to be the same way. His pretty boy face and charm had gotten him out of a lot of trouble.”
“He was like I was once, before…” He stopped.
“Before?” She questioned him. He looked down and stared at her as his thick tail came to caress her face. Her heart skipped a beat.
“However unhappy Adien may be, his heart is as open and giving as the power he commands. He is able to channel the powers of the Earth, of nature herself. The animals and forest are his to command.”
“So let me get this right,” she continued to rub his silky fur. “You have the power to summon a type of unnatural energy, while your brothers can control fire and nature. To have that kind of power has to be entertaining.”
“When we were younger it was. Now it is a burden that we all carry.”
The sadness in his voice made her heart ache for him.
“Alrik,” he said, switching topics, “is the ultimate power.”
“Like a god?”
“No, he is something far greater than a god. He is to us what Zeus is to the gods on his giant rock. But, unlike Zeus, whose powers have limits, Alrik has no limit to his power. It is because of him that my brothers and I have the powers we have. He blessed us with his divine power in order to fight in the war against his twin, Gazini, whose power is just as limitless as Alrik’s. It was Gazini who gave Iraon, and the beasts of The Trio their powers. They are just like him. He feeds off the darkness and evil of the world and his monsters feed off the anger, lust, and greed that fuels those who commit evil acts.”
“What happened between them for there to be such hatred between brothers?”
“What happens between most powerful beings eventually? A battle for power, Alrik and Gazini constantly fought each other. Gazini wanted power over all creation. He did not want to share it with anyone, especially Alrik. Alrik however, knew that the balance between the two powers had to be kept… from what my father tells me. All this happened before I was born.”
“If he was to kill Gazini, or his insane brother killed him, the disruption between the powers would destroy everything, including the two of them. The power that they share is made to be separated, like Ying and Yang, one cannot exist without the other.” He paused to let her absorb all he said.
“Intense.” Melody said, breaking the silence between them.
“Yes, it is.”
She couldn’t imagine what that kind of constant battling did to a person or being.
“Where did they come from? Something had to create them… Where are they now?” She questioned and Radien wondered the same thing. Where was his creator? When he was needed the most?
“I don’t know where they came from or if they were created from anything. Not much is known of the brothers, except for their battle. But it is Alur, the Lifestream.”
“Alur?”
“You’ve seen her, she is the blue green stream of light that resides in the dark sky of Oblivion. It is rare for her to take any physical form. If I had to take a guess where Alrik and Gazini came from I would say it was from her.”
She listened intently as she changed her position, propping her legs on his side and using his paw as a soft, fluffy pillow.
“Comfortable?”
“Very… now continue.”
“As you wish master.”
She rolled her eyes at his sarcastic tone.
Continuing, he ignored the slight whiff of woman and snow plums that filled his senses from her new position. “It is believed that it is Alur who grants life to all creatures, even the gods who sit on that giant pile of rock and the Titans who birthed them. But Zeus and the others are too petty and arrogant to acknowledge that.”
“If she gives life to all creatures, then why would she give life to those monsters?”
That was the question wasn’t it. Radien had asked his father that question when he first told him of the Lifestream and like always, his father gave him one of those ‘the way of things is mysterious. Something’s are not meant for us to understand’, yeah, that helped him a lot. “No one knows.”
“What happened to make Alrik disappear and abandon his creations? He doesn’t sound that great to me.”
Radien shook his head at his woman, if she only knew the story.
“So tell me...”
“Very well…”

“Submit!” Alrik’s voice had boomed throughout the darkness of Oblivion. He stood with his wickedly curved sword in his hand and his boot pressed to his deceitful brother’s throat.
“Never” Gazini ground out as the pressure Alrik applied threatened to crush his windpipe. He struggled to break free.
“Submit.” The ruler of light growled through clenched teeth as he applied more pressure to his twin’s neck, if he applied any more pressure he would kill his brother and himself. His chest heaved up and down as he tried to drag air into his exhausted body. His sword arm trembled from the weight of his weapon. His body was drained, tired of fighting a never ending war with his twin.
“I would rather die than submit to you.”
How Alrik wished it was that easy, so bad did he want to crush his brother’s skull with his boot, splattering the evil being’s brain over the black ground, just so he could get a moments peace.
“Gazini…” Alrik growled. “Give up, it is over.”
Gazini growled low in his throat as he summoned his powers from deep within him. The dark energy flowed through him and energized his long ago drained body. With a sudden burst of energy, he vanished from under the heel of his goody-two-shoes brother. Appearing behind Alrik, he summoned his black scythe and swung it in an attempt to decapitate his brother.
However, Alrik knew his brother’s intentions and attacks as if they were his own. He dodged his brother’s black weapon seconds before it would have cut through the flesh and bone of his neck. He blocked over his head as Gazini brought his deadly weapon through the air in a second attempt. Their weapons clashed as the sound echoed through the darkness.
“You will not win.” Alrik growled as he pushed his weight into his attack.
“You will die.” With a strong push Gazini forced Alrik back, causing the Supreme Being to stumble off balance. Using this to his advantage Gazini swung his scythe in a beautiful arc that sung through the air, attempting to once again claim the head of its most hated enemy. Just as it would have sliced through flesh, Alrik brought his jeweled sword up, protecting his vulnerable neck. He knocked the weapon away and pressed forward with an assault of his own.
The two powers attacked each other with a renewed vengeance. They blocked, twisted, stabbed, punched, kicked, their movements would have made the best martial artist envious. But it was Gazini who finally got the upper hand as his scythe sailed through the air, missing Alrik’s head for the third time but catching him in the thigh. Alrik grimaced, but didn’t stop his attack. Gazini swung his weapon over his head and around his body, blocking Alrik’s attacks until he finally saw an opening. He smirked as the wickedly curved and jagged tip of his scythe’s blade tasted the flesh of Alrik’s chest. Alrik bellowed and faltered in his attack. However, Gazini didn’t have time to enjoy the small victory as Alrik returned with a strike faster that Gazini could have blocked. Alrik’s blade split open the flesh of Gazini’s rib cage, causing black blood to flow from the being. Gazini roared in rage as did Alrik and they clashed, again, their weapons seeking the flesh of the other. They wounded each other, but could not bring the other down. Evenly matched in weaponry, and hand to hand combat, they stood once again weapon on weapon, panting and sweating. Both growing weaker the longer they fought.  Gazini, realizing that he was matched in skill, summoned his powers, conjuring up a black orb in his free hand. With one hand attacking with his nightmarish scythe, the other released the power he had summoned directly into Alrik’s chest.
Alrik having no time to avoid the blast was sent flying through the black sky. He crashed to the ground in a smoking heap.
Smiling at what he thought was a sure victory, he materialized where is brother lay motionless. Now it was his turn to press a boot to his brother’s throat.
“In your death, I shall reign supreme. The Trio shall be born and nurtured under my black wings. All shall fall before me… you cannot save them.” Laughing, he raised his scythe high above his head, the sharp blade sparkling in the darkness, as he let his power course through him to deliver the final strike that would sever his brother’s head, making it the perfect wall animate to hang in the back halls of his castle. He could already feel the power he would gain once he got rid of the obstacle in front of him. All that supreme power would be his to command, he alone would be the ultimate ruler of all creations. “Destruction and chaos will reign and your kingdom will fall.” He brought his scythe down with such force that the air around him whipped his black hair into his face, covering his eyes. But he didn’t need to see, to know that he had finally embedded his blade into his brother’s flesh…
“You will never defeat me.” Alrik’s voice echoed behind Gazini. Tensing, he looked down to where his boot was pressed to the throat of a statute designed to resemble his brother. With the realization that he had been outsmarted came the end of his brother’s sword through his flesh. He roared in pain as he tried to separate himself from his brother’s weapon that protruded out of his stomach. But all the movement did was cause Alrik to force his weapon deeper into Gazini’s flesh.
“You will never rule in my kingdom.” He grounded out through clenched teeth as his arms strained to hold his sword in place. “Your army will fall before my power just as you have.” With a vicious twist and pull Alrik withdrew his sword, now coated in his brothers black blood, and watched as his twin feel to his knees. “For all of eternity you will remain locked in the very cell you designed for me.” He kicked Gazini in the middle of his back, which forced the being down on all fours.
Decapitate him. His voice demanded in his head, it would have been an easy task, no doubt, much easier than continuing this battle. Alrik held his sword’s sharp pointed end at the base of Gazini’s neck. His arms twitched as he fought against the need to kill the plague that he called brother.
“Alrik.”
The beautiful, song like voice was enough to grant him the pause he needed to gain control over himself. He looked down at his brother who still gasped for air as his weakened body strained to support his weight. Instead of separating his head from his body, Alrik opted for a better alternative and bashed Gazini in the back of the skull with the hilt of his sword. Gazini’s body stiffened briefly, then the dark lord fell, face first, to the ground with a loud thud.
Alrik turned his attention to the sky above him, his gaze to the mystical green-blue light above him. “Alur, Bion is needed. We prepare for war.”
With that, he turned his attention back to the massive heap at his feet. Black blood coated his boots as he bent down. He gripped Gazini by one of his arms and legs and hoisted him over his shoulders. Without so much as a backwards glance at Alur, who had materialized behind him, Alrik with Gazini on his back forever vanished into the shadows…
“No one has seen or heard from him since, is that what you’re trying to tell me?” She asked, sitting up from her relaxed position against his paws.
“It is said, that the cage Gazini is imprisoned in, feeds off Alrik’s limitless powers.”
“If he left, then Gazini would break free.”
“Now you’re getting it.” He groaned as he stood. He had grown tired of his hound form long ago. Now that he had informed her of the most important information, there were something’s that he wanted to do that would be extremely difficult in his current form. With a long stretch of his body, he shifted back into his human form.
Melody frowned at him for his unwarranted change. She had gotten used to the softness of his fur pressed against her cheek. With her own tired sigh, she rose to her feet. Once she finished her much needed flexing and relaxing of her muscles, she walked past Radien and flopped down on the bed. She brought her gaze to Radien, whose stare made a new set of sparks and tingles go through her body.
“What about this mate thing?” She finally asked. Just the sound of the word mate made her think of Radien. He was the only male, no, she couldn’t say man anymore because he was not human, that she imagined she could spend forever with. To her it sounded like a good idea. Besides, she could get used to him changing into a giant dog. Then she saw him scowl as if she had offended him and she quickly averted her eyes.
“Don’t do that.” His voice was a strong command in her ear. She looked back up at him, confusion written across her face. “You are to look down to no one.” He growled, and then gave a tired groan. “We, meaning my brothers and I have destined mates. These women were predestined for us before we were born. They have all been blessed with power from Alur.” He paused as a smirk plastered its self on his face. “When my father first told me about this when I was younger, I found the whole thing laughable… up until now that is.” He gave her a pointed stare that both unnerved and excited her at the same time. “When I was young, I remember ease dropping on one of my father’s conversations with Rasi. They were whispering about some type of final battle that was to be fought. They went on and on about how the women could tip the balance of power in the favor of good, if I and my brothers were able to claim them before any of the Trio did, because even though they were created for us, the women still had the power to choose who they would want as their mate.”
“Let me guess, if the women chose evil, then evil wins, choose good and good wins. Is that what you’re telling me?”
“In its simplest form, yes, but it is not about winning, it is about maintaining the balance of power.”
She leaned back on her elbows absorbing everything that he was saying. “How do you know who your mate is?”
“There is this primal pull that takes over the male, it is what makes him want to claim her as his just from first glance, also by the markings that she has somewhere on her body. She is born with the marking that matches that of her mate.”
Her shoulder tingled. “Am I supposed to be your mate?” She wasn’t entirely sure she wanted the answer to that question. Sure, forever sounded like a good idea, until she heard the fine print. Besides, she didn’t want to think she picked Radien because some invisible hand was pushing her towards him. She liked her notion of free will and having control over her life.
“If you choose to be, the choice is yours.” He turned from her then, breaking the steady eye contact that had been present through most of the conversation. She heard him mumble something indistinguishable under his breath before he started his usual feverish pacing.
Melody crossed her legs under her, with her arms resting in her lap, as she thought about all she had heard.
 “What’s going to happen now?” She finally asked when she couldn’t take any more of his quite pacing.
His eyes met hers. Frustration drew his brows together as he thought about what the future held for them. For a long moment he looked at her, his expression tender. So sincere that it left her speechless.

Radien couldn’t tear his eyes away from her. With her sitting in his bed with her legs folded under her and her gaze fixed on him so seductively, she looked as if she was made to be in his bed… and by his side.
“Radien?” Her voice snapped him out of his head.
“I don’t know what’s going to happen.” Walking over to the bed, he bent down so his head wouldn’t hit the canopy, as he spoke. “I won’t let anything happen to you.” He raised a hand and pushed a loose strand of hair from her face. He had to give her credit, she was taking everything and still managed to stay calm. Even when he was having trouble doing so, she was moving forward even when their future was so uncertain.
She was doing what he should have done a long time ago, instead of hiding and living in his past. She had become his light in the darkness of his long life.
Was he in love?
That realization sent a shock wave of possessiveness through him. Great, just what he needed. In the mist of all the danger, life and death situations he had fallen in love with her.
“Radien?”
Her voice was music to his ears. He wanted to mark her as his own. To say the words that would bind her to him for all eternity. As his mate, he needed her. Probably more than she needed him.
His hand softly caressed the side of her face, her warm and soft skin sending electricity to his body.
“Mine.” He growled. He could feel her body tense a little from the voice that came out of him, a voice that didn’t sound like his own but as a mixture of the beast and man. Not the tone that he had used to tell her the story of Alrik. No, this tone was more dominate, possessive.
“It's ok my beauty. I would never hurt you.” He swiped her hair to one side. He loved the way the softness of her hair felt against his fingers. Leaning in, he closed his eyes and buried his head into the long thickness of her hair, inhaling as much of her scent as he could in one breath.
Melody couldn’t move or think with his massive chest pushed slightly into her body. The closeness was just enough to send small jolts of awareness through her. One of his hands was placed firmly on the back of her head, keeping her in place. While his other hand snaked around her waist and pulled her closer to him. His masculine scent flowed through her body with every breath she took. With the position they were in his body had pinned one of her arms between them.
Absently, her hand glided through the whiteness of his hair. She was amazed by how pure white its color was, and by how soft it felt against her hand. There were hundreds of women who would kill to have his hair. Shit, she knew thousands of women who would kill to have him period and that made her extremely possessive of him. So much so, a low growl escaped her lips.
He brought his head to hers and the heat in his eyes made something animalistic stir inside of her. He made something in her pant with need as it tried to claw its way out to reach him. She couldn’t fight the urge to take his lips with hers. That’s what she did. More like she attacked him. Latching on to him with a savagery she didn’t know she had.
His groans of approval urged her on. With some forceful movement and maneuvering, she pinned him under her with their lips still locked.
The intensity of their kiss growing as his taste flowed into her. The growl from the back of his throat vibrated through her body. Her eager hands roamed over the hard muscles of his chest and stomach. She wanted his flesh against hers in a bad way, her scent marking and claiming him as hers.
Something snapped in her and she ripped apart the shirt he was wearing. Breaking their kiss, she stared into his eyes. They glowed bright with the same desire that flowed through her. She purred as her nails gently raked down his body, goose bumps spreading across his skin.
He groaned and raised a brow at her dominating manner.
Melody had to admit, with his massive body under her and all the power that he possessed at her mercy, she felt empowered. Through the fabric of his pants she could feel his heat and hardness. He was all male and he wanted her.
Rubbing herself against him, she moaned from the sensations she felt all over her body. She had to taste him. She bent down so that her tongue could roam over his glowing flesh.
Radien’s body seized as he felt the slickness of Melody’s tongue against his skin. Feeling as if he had been struck by lightning, every piece of flesh her sinful tongue touched sent shock aftershock through him. He was going to jump out of his skin if she didn’t stop her teasing, and outlining the formation of his Abs with the tip of her tongue.
She trailed her way back up his body.
He groaned again as she rubbed herself against him again. This new, dominating side of her amused him. He had known she had it in her and knew that once she tapped into it she would be beautiful. But he didn’t expect her to leave him dumbfounded as she took control over him as if he was a mere human… and that was one of the sexiest things he had ever seen. Closing his eyes, he let her take control of him. Her hands traveling over his chest and up around his neck.
His eyes flew open when she jerked his head.
Instantly, his eyes fixed on hers. Once again, he was speechless. This time however, it wasn’t from the sensation of her touch, but from the bright glow coming from her eyes. They matched his own. Glowing brighter than any star and her body was radiating with heat.
Then she spoke and shocked him still.
“Radien, Trinity Hound of Life and Death, you are mine,” she nuzzled the sides of his face, her scent growing stronger with each moment.
He was too shocked to move. He wasn’t even sure he was breathing. The man in him was paralyzed, but the beast in him was more alert than ever.
“And I claim you for all of eternity and anywhere after.” She nuzzled the sides of his face again. Easing back, she stared down at him with glowing eyes. Her gaze narrowed. “I will rip apart anyone who tries to take you from me.” A smile widened across her face and the tip of her K9’s showed from under her lips.
Impossible. His voice echoed in his head. He needed to push her off of him, but he couldn’t move. He was having an internal war with himself.
Then a moment later, both the beast and the man became fixated on her as her skin glowed brighter.
She leaned into his ear. “I mean anyone Radien. Even that whore of a goddess… you are forever mine.” She growled to him.
He wanted to respond, but her lips crushed his for a kiss that actually made his toes curl and his eyes roll in the back of his head. Slowly their life forces began to combine, allowing him to feel not only his desire, but hers as well. The experience was mind blowing. His arms came down around her, pressing her voluptuous body into his, as his mouth worked hard against hers, searching for and claiming her tongue.
Through the haze of his lust, there was a moment of clarity. He couldn’t take her like this. Not when she wasn’t aware of what she was doing. She had been taken over by the animal in her, a force that she had no control over.
Using what little will power he had left, he separated his needing lips away from hers. Their bright glowing gazes locked. In her eyes, he didn’t see the woman he had come to care for, but rather the side of her that was pure instinct and all animal.
“Melody.” He whispered.
“Radien.” She purred as she rubbed her entire body against his.
His entire being called out to her, the beast in him trying its hardest to claw its way out and claim its mate. If she kept this up, he was going to ravage her against his better judgment. He needed a distraction and quick.
He tried to move her off of him, but only managed to have her change positions so that she was under him with her thick legs locked around his waist. Cooing and purring for him to take her. She was driving him out of his mind. His hips swiveled with hers and moans escaped both of them.
“Radien.”
Salvation. Both he and Melody’s head turned towards the bedroom door.
Thank you. He locked gazes with his father. Then he looked down at Melody, whose whole body had tensed.
Once again Radien tried to move from her, but her legs were still locked around him. He could have forced her off of him, but that would cause a completely new set of problems that he really didn’t feel like dealing with at the moment. Instead, he had to reassure her that his father meant no harm.
“My beauty.” Taking his hand he turned her gaze from his father, back to him. “It’s ok.” He nuzzled her gently on the sides of her face. Relaxing her a little, but still fully aware of the other male in the room.
“He means us no harm.” His hand ran across her cheek, relaxing her even further. She purred.
As Radien continued to calm her, her eyes turned back to their normal color and the glow from her body dimmed slightly. Her legs slowly fell from his waist and he gave her a quick kiss on the lips before he moved from the bed.
“What is it?” He asked his father as he straightened himself, somewhat. There was no hiding the bulge in his pants so he didn’t try to hide it.
“Meet me in the throne room.” Bion responded. He gave a quick glance to Melody, who was now sitting up in the bed and eyeing him as if she wanted to eat him alive. “Anima will be in shortly to keep her company.” With that, he vanished.
“Damn it.” Radien cursed under his breath. Walking around the bed, he placed another quick kiss on his mate’s forehead. “I will be back as soon as I can. My mother will be here once I leave. Play nice.” He stood from her and vanished from the room.
Chapter 16

With Radien out of the room, Melody felt herself starting to come back into her body. She didn’t know what had come over her a few minutes ago. All she could remember was the possessive need to stake claim on what she felt was hers. She had been out of her mind… literally.
She took a minute to think about what had come out of her mouth. It didn’t even sound as if she was the one speaking them. Her body still felt overheated but now chills were spreading down her arms and across the rest of her body. The mark on her shoulder was throbbing but she refused to touch it. She sat in the middle of the bed trembling. Looking at her shaking hands, her eyes nearly popped out of their sockets.
Holy Hell…
Melody bolted from the bed, tripping over her own feet as she gunned it to the bathroom. She flipped the switch on the wall and the ceiling light illuminated the large gray and black marbled room.
Standing over the sink, she gaped at her reflection in the mirror. All coherent thought went out the door as she stared at the familiar, yet unfamiliar, face in the mirror. Her eyes and skin were glowing, throwing off a weird white light. Her hair had grown twice its normal length, falling down past her butt. Pushing her hair back behind her ear, she turned her head to the side to see that her ears were pointed at the tips.
Disbelief consuming her as she looked at her mouth, the tips of her teeth peeking out from under her top lip.
She slowly raised her hand to see if they were as sharp as they looked, but stopped when she caught sight of her hand in the mirror.
“OH MY GOD!!” She held both her hands up to her face in utter shock. Her fingers looked as if they had grown longer and her nails actually curled like a falcon’s talons.
 She was speechless. What the hell was happening to her?
Shaking, she gripped the ends of the sink so she wouldn’t fall out on the floor.
“Calm down and the change will stop.”
The sound of another woman’s voice in her territory brought back the animal in her. The heat in her body spiked and the room began to glow, radiating with more light.
Whirling around with a nasty snarl she was ready to strike the woman. Until she caught sight of the exotic looking woman at the bathroom’s door.
Amusement danced in her stormy gray eyes.
“I am Anima.” Her voice was commanding and gentle.
“You’re Radien’s mother.” Melody relaxed instantly at the reorganization. How quickly she had forgotten that she was coming.
As she calmed, the heat in her body subsided. The glow in the room began to dim.
“Yes, I am.”
Melody nodded.  The woman was a full foot taller than her, making her feel extremely small, and for a woman who touched close to 5”10’ that said a lot about Anima’s presence. Melody could easily see that Radien was a perfect combination of his parents. It was obvious that he obtained his father’s physique and stubbornness. But as Melody took the beautiful woman in front of her, she could see where he acquired his predatory grace and charm from.
Even though Anima was relaxed and smiled, Melody sensed the woman could strike with deadly aim. Yet at the same time there was something about her that seemed grounded and understanding.
The two of them locked gazes. Her eyes were beautiful and her hair was long and jet black. Radien’s hair was the same way. His eyes also had the same specks of storm gray on the rare occasions when they weren’t glowing brightly.
“Come.” The simple word was a command, something that was meant to be followed as she walked out of the bathroom.
Melody watched Anima disappear from the doorway. She tried to listen for footsteps, or for the sound of her dress moving against the floor but she only heard silence.
Gathering herself, she walked out of the bathroom and back into the bedroom.
Her eyes did a quick scan of the massive room, searching for Anima. Not that she had to look very hard, Anima’s demanding presence drew Melody eyes right to her.
She was sitting in a chair in the corner of the room with her legs crossed one on top of the other, while her arms rested on the arms of the chair. Seated like that, Melody could see her sitting on a throne with a jeweled crown on her head with hundreds of servants waiting to do whatever she commanded. Her aura screamed queen.
“I am a Queen.” She spoke, clearly this was where Radien got his mind reading from. “At one point in time my people had thrived and lived in harmony with each other. Now they are used as nothing else but pets for the gods.”
Even from the distance across the room, Melody could see the frown lines on Anima’s face, and hear the distaste in her voice. Clearly there were a lot of old scores to settle.
In the silence that followed the two women sized each other up, Anima sat determining if the woman before her was fit for her son, while Melody wondered when Radien would be back.
After a while Anima broke the silence. “I see you and my son have been busy…” She glanced at the bed. “That explains why he hasn’t been to see me.”
Melody knew, at that moment, her face had turned three different shades of red and she had to avert her gaze, focusing on the pattern on the marbled floor.
“No need to be embarrassed child.”  Anima waved a dismissive hand in the air as she pushed herself from the chair. The tube top red dress clung to her curvy body and moved with her every movement, movements that were fluid and graceful as she walked around the room and over to the mantel, her fingers gliding over the little trinkets that lay on its surface.
“His father had…” she paused, a smile playing on the edge of her lips. Her eyes shined as she continued. “His father has the same effect on me. Every time he looks at me…” she glanced over her shoulder at Melody.
Now it was Anima’s turn to blush as images of her and Bion rushed into her head. She turned her head away to collect herself. Walking back over to the chair, she sat down in that same regal pose. Once she was seated and regained her normal skin color, she turned her attention back to her son’s mate.
The woman was special indeed. Anima could feel the inner power that rested in her. Her power might rival, if not pass those of the most powerful gods. She reminded Anima a lot of herself for some strange reason. Maybe, it was because they both seemed to be fighters… and that was something Anima could respect.
Melody felt her palms start to sweat under the measuring gaze of Anima but she refused to let her panic show. She walked around and sat on the edge of the bed that directly faced Anima.
“I wish I could have been there to see him grow from a pup into the man that he is today.”  Her tone was filled with regret. “I barely know my own son. He is a complete stranger to me.” She sighed, then took a deep breath. “Do you want to know what happened to me? What those pathetic excuses of gods did to me?”
Melody didn’t know what to say. She had heard her share of storytelling for the day, she wanted to say no but afraid she might offend her. Instead, Melody got comfortable and waited for Anima to continue.
“I was the first female of my kind, you know, the first Queen of the Hounds…”
Born of both light and dark, of life and death, Anima had been the definition of beauty. So beautiful that no man or god could deny her, it was often said that Zeus himself would come to her palace and offer himself to her. However, Anima had eyes for none of those who pursued her. She even refused the King of Gods. She wanted no one. That was until Bion.
Still young in his years, Bion had been the handsomest man she had ever seen, his powers surpassing those of any other being she had met. He had appeared before her while she was bathing in the lake behind her palace. Startling her so badly, she shifted into her breed form without noticing it.
“Beautiful.” Bion whispered. Bion had stared at the female in front of him. She was perfection, even in her breed form. Alrik had done well in choosing this woman for him. Her coat was jet black and seemed to be as soft as velvet. With pointed ears and a strong tail that curved into the air. Her left and right head had midnight blue eyes, while her middle head had eyes blacker than her fur. He approached her cautiously with his hands raised in the air “I’m not going to hurt you. I didn’t mean to startle you.”
She watched him cautiously as he continued his approach. Once enough time had passed and the opportunity to attack her had passed, she determined that he meant her no harm and changed back to her human form.
“Who are you?” Her voice was music to his ears. Placing his hands at his side, he stood a few feet away from her. Unable to tear his eyes away from her naked body, every soft curve of her body begged for his kiss and touch. Her legs, long and shapely, could easily wrap around his waist as he buried himself deep inside her. His eyes traveled up her body. Her hips were full and her stomach, toned with flawless suntanned skin. But it was the sight of her breast that made his mouth water, the perfect size for his hands. He wanted her with an intensity he couldn’t comprehend.
Anima watched him as his heated gaze traveled over her body. Normally she would have summoned some clothes to cover herself, but for some reason she couldn’t understand she wanted him to see her. The heated look in his eyes set her body on fire. She wanted to moan as he licked his lips. Lips that were tempting her… no, begging her to take them into her own and kiss them for hours, until they were swollen from her passion. No male had ever affected her this way.
He started to approach her again. Dear gods, that body of his made her want to scream. He had a body that was built for long nights of passion and made for sin. Power rippled through his entire being with each step he took.
“I am, Bion.” His voice was almost as dominating as his presence. Covered with a deep accent she couldn’t place; it was a sound that sent a wave of heat through her body.
Why was he affecting her like this?
He was so close to her now that she could feel the heat coming off of his body.
“Bion, I know that name, the Universe of Life,” she paused as she looked into his face. He was gorgeous, mannishly handsome with a day’s worth of whiskers growing. “What are you doing here?”
“Talk of your beauty has spread from the top of Olympus to the darkest places of Oblivion. I had to come and see for myself.” He reached to caress her face. Her soft skin under his hand, made his body roar to life. As he touched her, caressing her face, he didn’t dare tell her that he had been ordered by Alrik to find her.
Anima wanted nothing more than to crawl onto his lap and dull the fire that was consuming her. Every word he spoke sent a wave of desire through her.
“Am I what you expected?” She heard herself ask. Not that she needed to ask, the way his stare burned into her body said it all but she still wanted to hear it from his mouth.
As she waited for his answer, she let her hands roam down his chest and abs. It should have been a crime to have a body like his, forget a 6-pack. This sexy creature was walking around with an 8-pack that made her mouth water. There was not one once of fat on his body, all solid muscle.
Bion savored her exploring touch. Alrik had picked well. He could also see why Zeus craved her. Her oval face encased two of the most hypnotizing gray eyes, he had ever seen. He saw an inner fire in them that touched him all the way to his soul. He had been alive for centuries, had more females than he could count, but he had never reacted to them the way he reacted to her, especially not after the first meeting.
“You are much more than what I expected.” His voice was filled with desire. A low growl of pleasure escaped her lips as he played with a strand of her black hair. Placing the strand to his nose, he inhaled her scent. “The way they described you did you no justice.”
The satisfied smile she gave him made his groin jerk. Before she realized what he was doing, he captured her lips with his. Bion tasted her. She reminded him of cherries and woman, his favorite flavor. Decadent, he intended to savor her.
Her body came alive as he masterfully took control of her mouth, aching for him. He was all man as he slid his tongue into her mouth. She should have pushed him away, she had made a vow to never let a man close to her in fear that he would try and take her throne. But now with his body pressed against hers, all she could think about was the feel of his mouth moving against hers. Her hand on the side of his jaw, she wanted to feel the muscles of his jaw work as he kissed her.
A moan escaped her as she felt him slide his hand down her bare back. Pressing her closer to his body, he deepened their kiss. Surrounded by his scent and power, he held her as if she was already his.
“I want you Anima. I want to be inside you.” He whispered against her lips.
She couldn’t breathe as she listened to his words. She wanted him too with every fiber in her being. Using her powers she flashed them to her bedroom chambers in her palace.
“Come Bion.” She broke away from his embrace. He watched her hips sway as she walked over to the bed. Climbing into the bed, she motioned for him to come and join her.
He smiled at her. She didn’t have to tell him twice, with a snap of his fingers, he was on top of her.
“You are beautiful.” He breathed in her ear. He kissed her deeply as he drove his self into her with one forceful stroke of his body…
“We were happy for a long time, but it seemed that it wasn’t meant to last. Once I knew that I was with child, I did my best to hide it from everyone.” She smiled slightly. “He was the first of his kind, part breed and universe. He would have ruled as king once he fully matured. With Radien ruling, Bion and I would have been free to live out the rest of our lives in peace.” It was a foolish hope that she had back then, but still she couldn’t bring herself to regret her past.
“Wait until you see your kingdom, my son.” She whispered as she rubbed her outstretched stomach. She smiled as she felt him kick. “You will make a great king for your people. You will lead them into a new era of peace.” Caught up in her own thoughts, she was unaware of Zeus’s presence.
“Anima,” she cringed inwardly as she heard Zeus’s thunderous voice behind her. She hoped he would give up on her, but she knew better, the king of gods was selfish and he would never leave her alone. Not until he got what he wanted. It had been a long time since she last saw him and she had hoped it would be the last time.
“Zeus. What brings you here after so long a time?” Trying to hide the disdain in her voice, she continued to stare out at her kingdom. She refused to turn around and show him that she was with child. The old god would become enraged and probably kill her and her unborn child. With her being pregnant, all her powers were used to support and protect the baby inside of her.
“I have heard some interesting news.” He walked out of her room to stand on the balcony behind her.
“That doesn’t surprise me. The gods are always running their mouths about something.”
“Don’t play dumb with me, Anima. I have heard talk of you keeping consort with Bion… Is this true?”
She sighed before she answered. “And if I was? What would you do? For that matter, what concern is it of yours?”
“Look at me when I speak to you, mutt-”
Before he could finish his sentence she turned on him and used what little power she had to hit him into the wall. “How dare you call me a mutt? I am the purest of my kind, sired by the Grand Hound and his queen. I suggest you remember that.”
“I let my anger get the better of me and I realized my mistake the moment Zeus’s eyes narrowed on my stomach. Before I could blink he had summoned a god blot and threw it straight at my heart, the shot had come so fast that I didn’t have time to react. All I could do, was stand there and brace myself for the pain that was going to come. I had closed my eyes and prayed for Alur to keep my child safe. But the pain never came. I opened my eyes, surprised to see that I was still standing.”
Bion had appeared before her and caught the bolt in one of his hands. The bolt vanished the instant he touched it. Zeus eyed them with contempt.
“Are you ok?” Bion asked as he looked over his shoulder at her. Nodding yes, she wanted to sigh in relief, but that was quickly cut off as she watched Zeus spread his hands and summon hundreds of god bolts. Panic gripped her as she looked to Bion. Her love was strong, but she didn’t think he could catch all the bolts that were flying at them.
Before the bolts could hit them Bion grabbed Anima into his arms and brought them to his home in Oblivion.
“Anima, are you ok?” He asked as he looked into her panicked expression. He inspected her body frantically. His eyes and hands roaming over her, making sure there was no permanent damage. When he saw that she was fine, he grabbed her into his arms and held on to her for dear life. He had never been so scared in all his life.
“I’m fine.” She said as she laid her head on his chest.
“You will stay here with me until you give birth to our son.” She nodded her head in agreement.
“You didn’t stay did you?” Melody asked but she already knew the answer.
“No, I stayed until Radien was born.” The sadness had returned to her voice, and Melody swore before Anima turned her head away she saw tears in her eyes. “Two days after we arrived I gave birth to him, and…”
As she held him in her arms, she realized there was no way she could expect to face Zeus and leave in one piece. She would die defending her land and the ones she loved. She should be upset, sad, or even angry. But as she looked into her son’s face, all she could see was giving him a future he deserved.
“That same night I left him with his father sleeping peacefully in his crib.”
Kissing Radien goodbye, she walked over to where the love of her life lay sleeping. How she wished she could have stayed with him, wrapped in his arms where nothing could touch her. But if she didn’t return all of her kind would be a Zeus’s mercy and she couldn’t have that. As queen, she had a duty to her people. A duty, she meant to honor no matter what happened. Sighing, she bent down and kissed her husband on the lips, whispering words of love before she took herself to her home.
Zeus stepped from the shadows. Immediately she started for him, only to have Hades and Poseidon appear at her sides.
“… trapped.” She growled. “Give up dog, they had said…”
“Give up dog. You have nowhere to hide and nowhere to run.” Zeus spoke.
She glared at him. If he thought she would simply lie down and accept death, he was sadly mistaken. Trying to get the upper hand on them, she charged at Zeus in her hound form. But she wasn’t fast enough. Before she could reach him, he summoned a god bolt and sent it flying into her chest. Pain racked her body as she shifted to her human form. Gasping for air, blood flowed freely from the wound in her chest. She dropped to her knees, and then collapsed to the floor.
“Animals,” she barely heard their voices as she faded in and out of consciousness. But she did feel the kick to her stomach that Zeus gave her. She wanted to scream from the pain, but they had muted her voice. Fighting the darkness that was approaching her, she tried to push herself to her feet. Blood fell from the hole in her chest and dripped from her mouth. There was laughter of male voices around her as another wave of pain consumed her and then darkness.
Anima took a deep breath to recollect herself. Fighting to hold back tears that wanted to fall from the remembrance of all the hurt and pain she had endured. Remembrance of the way her life had almost been taken from her, her son growing up without her was enough to make even her strong will crumble. “Tell me, what he is like as a man? I am sure he is much like his father.”
Melody was shocked, speechless as she fought back her own tears. The brutality of these so called gods made her sick. In the long silence that passed between them, she found herself awed by the woman in front of her, by her courage and strength. “He wishes he knew you growing up. I think it was hard on him. I think he is too much like his father, that’s probably why they don’t seem to get along.”
“Yes. I guess two headstrong males would clash.” Anima laughed a little.
Melody gave a small smile to Anima. “He and his brothers aren’t on the best of terms, though I don’t know why.”
“Brothers?” Anima stared at Melody with her head cocked to the side. “Radien doesn’t have any brothers. He is the only son I birthed.”
There was a long and awkward moment of silence between them, causing Melody to fidget with the sheets on the bed.
“How did he find you?” Anima asked eventually. She sounded distant, but Melody was wise enough not to say anything about it.
“He came to me in my dream one night.” She paused to look at Anima. “At first I thought my mind had made him up. He would come to me every night and we would talk for hours. Until my alarm would wake me up. I mean I thought he had to be a dream. For someone like me, he was too good to be true.”
Once again Anima stood and walked around the room, Melody’s eyes followed her. And once again, Melody was awed by Anima’s graceful movement.
“Continue, what happened when you finally met him? Was he everything you thought him to be?” She stopped in front of Melody, her stare burning into her.
“To be honest, he scared the hell out of me. I ran from him, hoping he wasn’t real. But once I saw that he was real and not an indication that I was losing my mind, I got pissed off and threw him out of my house.”
Anima looked a little surprised by her response. Then it disappeared as quickly as it came.
“You threw him out of your house…?” Anima asked with a raised brow.
“Yeah, I mean I had tried too, but he just kept poofing back into my bedroom.”
Anima gave a short laugh, as did Melody.
“He is truly his father’s son.” Anima walked towards the bedroom door. “Come with me. Let me show you the castle, you must be famished.”
Melody started to deny the offer, but as the words started to leave her mouth, her stomach spoke on its own behalf.
Sighing, she nodded her head in agreement and went to find her shoes. Anima waited by the door. Reaching under the bed, she pulled out her shoes.
Great Heels. She thought as she evilly eyed the 4 inch heels. She really didn’t want to walk around this massive fortress with her work shoes on…
Work?
Her reality hit her hard and quick, making her rock back on her knees.
Panic began to creep its way into her body. She had been enjoying herself so much that she had forgotten just how long she had been… been where ever she was now? Just how long had she been away from her world? How was her company doing without her...and her sisters?
Melody froze. How could she have forgotten about her sisters? They were in danger and she was lying around in a silk bed.
What if that creature got a hold of Harmony… or Aaron?
Oh God Kelly…
”No.” Covering her face with her shaky, hot tears flowed down her cheeks. Sobs caught in her throat and she found it hard to breathe.
Kelly… She was gone, dead… dead because that monster had killed her.
“Melody?”
She could hardly hear Anima’s voice when her own was screaming loudly in her head.
“Melody, get up.”
She wished she could, but her body was paralyzed.
“Melody, listen to me. Your sisters are fine. They are being watched over.” Anima looked at the paralyzed woman on the floor in front of her. She understood her fear, but right now was not the time for a breakdown. Grabbing the human by the arm, Anima pulled her to her feet.
“I have to go home.” Melody whispered.
Anima nodded. She understood perfectly. But even so, letting her go home unprotected with Iraon loose would be a foolish and costly mistake.
“I’m going to get Radien…”
“No.” Melody snapped.
Anima gave her a harsh stare.
“No…” Melody forced herself to a more level and respectable tone, “please.”
The last thing Melody wanted was for Radien to try and stop her from leaving or even worse come with her. She didn’t trust herself around him. She feared that animalistic need would consume her again and she wouldn’t be able to control herself. The little episode they just had in the room still freaked her out.
“You need to be protected.” Anima’s gaze traveled over Melody. “You will stay here until I return with him. Do you understand?”
Defeated, Melody nodded and flopped down on the bed as Anima vanished from the room.

Melody waited until she was sure Anima was gone, before she rushed out the room and into the hallway. Had she not been in a hurry, she would have admired the décor of the hall. As it was, time was not on her side. She listened closely, the only sound she could hear was the sound of Radien’s voice booming from the right of her…
She took off running in the opposite direction, her bare feet beating against the coldness of the floor. Running as fast as she could, she looked for any door that would lead her out of the castle and back to her home.
She turned a corner as her breath started to run out. Just as her feet slowed down, she ran into the soft muscles of a very tall Amazon looking woman.
Melody had to crane her neck to see the woman’s face. She had a dangerous beauty about her, and an air of death around her that scared the living hell out of Melody. With her skin as pale as snow, and flaming red-orange hair falling all over her body, she was covered in tight black leather and made for a very intimidating sight. Her body lithe and agile, she would have made for a perfect assassin.
The smile she gave didn’t make her any less threatening.
“Ex... excuse me. I didn’t see anyone in front of me.” Melody stuttered.
“Obviously not.”
Melody backed away from the woman. As she did a sharp pain went through her marked shoulder, but she ignored it as best she could. Her only concern was making it back home in one piece.
“If you want to go home all you have to do is ask.”
Melody stared at the woman. She didn’t know if she could trust her or not, but as she looked down the dark hallway… what other choice did she really have? Her family needed her. “Will you?”
With a sinister laugh and a snap of her fingers Melody was in her bedroom surrounded by her belongings. Letting out a tired breath, she collapsed onto her bed…
Chapter 17

The tall lethal beauty smiled as she sent the human female back to her home. Her plan seemed to be working out perfectly. With the female in her world it just made everything so much easier.
Humans. She thought. They were always in a hurry to get back to what was familiar, never thinking of the danger they could be in once they got home. No, all they wanted was to be somewhere they knew. They were predictable, easy targets for other beings, especially that human.
She walked the hallways of the castle. Going in the same direction the woman had just ran from. It didn’t take a genesis to know which room she came running like a bat out of hell from. Her scent was still fresh in the room so strong that she had to cover her nose from the smell.
“Hello Thana.”
Turning slowly around, she stared at the Hound Queen. She hadn’t seen Anima in thousands of years. Last time she heard of the dog, Zeus was gutting her like a pig.
Hum, pity she didn’t stay gutted.
“Anima, to what do I owe this honor?” Thana bowed in mock courtesy. And by the annoyed face Anima had, it wasn’t missed on her part.
“Have you seen a woman around here?”
Thana smiled as she flipped her hair from off her shoulders. “Yes. I’ve seen the human.”
“Where is she?”
“She’s home, in the mortal world, where she wanted to be.”  The smile didn’t vanish from Thana’s face, even as she felt the rage flowing off the queen in waves.
It’s not like the hound could do anything. Anima may be one of the strongest her breed, coming only second to her son, but Thana’s power only came second to one being and it wasn’t the dog in front of her.
Tossing her flame colored hair again, she shifted her weight from one leg to another. “Let me guess you told her to stay put and behave… looks like that didn’t work out too well.”
“I am in no mood for you.”
Thana laughed and continued on her way down the hall to the throne room. She was bored with the animal and had more serious matters to attend to.
She could feel Anima’s eyes on her, following her every move.
“Oh, and give me a few minutes with the old man before you pop in.” Thana spoke with her back to Anima.
She was a few feet away from the golden doors of the throne room and she could hear the men’s voices booming in the hall. Not bothering to knock, she gripped the handle on the door and pushed it open. As she stepped into the room all conversation was ended and two pairs of male eyes focused on her.
She looked at the two men, meeting them stare for stare.
“Hello gentlemen, I have heard about Iraon and came to see if there is anything that I can do to help.” She bowed to him, but how she hated bowing to the Universe of Light. If you asked her he was a pompous jackass who needed to be taken off his pedestal. She only hoped she would be the one to do it.
“Your concern is appreciated, but everything is under control. Your presence here is not needed. You can leave at any moment.”
His dismissive tone flared up her temper. Taking deep breaths, she struggled to remain calm. “Forgive me, Bion, but it would be foolish of you to not accept my help.”
“How so?”
She smiled, walking closer to him. She had to admit that he was beyond handsome and at one point, a long time ago, when she was young, she had wanted him with a passion that burned her dark soul. She used to imagine his face in her darkest and wildest dreams. No, all she imagined when she looked at him now his beheading.
“Because, it took the both of us to contain him last time, it will take all three…” She nodded towards Radien, “of us this time. His powers are stronger than before. There is more anger and rage in the world now that he can feed on, last time we were lucky. Do you think he will make the same mistake again?” She watched as the two males thought of what she said. After a moment she continued. “He has one of his daggers, and that is all he needs.”
“Thank you for pointing out the obvious. Now, if you will leave me and my son, we have much we need to discuss.”
That was it. She was tired of him treating her like she was beneath him. Before she could stop herself, she lashed out with her powers, sending a mental wave of power at Bion. Instead of it hitting him into the far side of the room, like she planned, he flicked his wrist, sending her own attack back to her, with enough force to toss her into one of the walls of the throne room. She dropped to the floor, spitting blood from her mouth. Painfully, she staggered to her feet.
She glared at Bion as his glowing gaze fixed on her.
“I suggest you calm yourself, little girl.”
Little girl? He was only three minutes older than her. She was created right after him to balance out the forces in the world.
“Leave… now.”
She stared at him hard for a moment and then vanished from the room to her side of Oblivion. Bion had his day coming soon… and it would be her that dealt the final judgment to him.
She couldn’t wait…

Radien silently watched as his father blasted Thana into a wall. He started to ask what all that was about, but he would worry about that later. Right now, he had to talk with his father about their next move against the upcoming threat. They didn’t know what Iraon was planning on doing, but they had to be prepared for any and everything.
“How many daggers were there?” Radien asked his father as he stood against the wall. He had waited for his father to regain his senses long enough.
“There were twelve of them.” Bion raked an anxious hand through his hair. “Iraon’s daggers are just one of the three weapons. There is also a whip and a hammer.”
“Where are they?” He paused. “Do you think Iraon knows where they are?”
“He shouldn’t, but with other powers helping him, he just might.”
Radien pushed himself from the wall. His anxiety, getting the better of him, he couldn’t remain still any longer.
“They were all hidden in a chest at the base of Rasi’s temple.”
“Rasi’s temple… are you serious?”
“Rasi’s temple is one of the most elaborate and complicated temples I have ever seen. Getting through the front doors of the temple involves solving a series of intricate puzzles. Therefore, breaking into the temple, let alone actually finding the weapon is impossible.”
Radien stopped his frantic pacing to rub his temples.
“Who else knows where you hid the weapons?” Radien stared at his father.
“It was I, Thana, and Rasi.” Bion paused. “It was Thana’s idea to hide the weapons in Rasi’s temple.”
Radien exhaled a sigh. He couldn’t believe this shit. “Ok, where is Rasi now. Is he in his temple?”
Bion started his usual frantic pacing as he spoke. His words were rushed. “I haven’t seen him in ages. Last time I heard he was exploring the Dreamscape. He heard about Aprophis’s ability to enter the dreams of mortals. He had no choice but to find out how the devil obtained that power.”
“So, you’re telling me that his temple is unprotected right now?” Radien rubbed his face.
Great… what next?
“Radien,” his mother’s voice drew his eyes to her in an instant. The look of concern and worry branded across her face made his skin tight.
“She’s gone.” She spoke once she was close enough to him.
Radien’s eyes bulged. It didn’t take a rocket scientist to know who she was. As he went to flash himself to her, his mother appeared directly in front of him.
“Give her some time my son. She needs to come to grips with what has happened to her. She needs to be in her world, where all that is familiar to her is. You cannot force her to stay.” She raised a hand and placed it tenderly on the side of his face.
“My son, give her a few days to calm down. Then go to her.” She glanced over her shoulder to his father, who was watching them intently. “Trust me she will miss you just as much as you will miss her.” She looked back at Radien. “She is your mate and she will always crave you.”
She kissed his cheek. Stepping away from him, she turned her head to his father, pain filled her face and then she vanished.
Radien stood dumbfounded, but he knew his mother was right. Melody had a lot to take in and all of it was life changing. He would give her a few days. He hoped she enjoyed her brief freedom, because once her time was up, he was going to her.
He looked at his father. “We should throw her a celebration. Before things get worse… she should be allowed a moment of happiness.”
Bion nodded. “I have planned one.”
“Good…” Radien took a moment then excused himself from his father’s company. He vanished and reappeared in his bedroom. As soon as he took a breath, he was attacked with Melody’s scent. His body hardened instantly.
Walking over to the bed, belly flopped onto the sheets. Even the sheets had her scent in them. He pressed his face into the sheets and inhaled deeply. Closing his eyes, he turned on to his back, one of his hands behind his head as the other made its way down his body and under his jeans. He gripped his shaft and began to stroke himself as images of Melody straddling him played out in his mind. Shocks spread across his body as he pictured his mate’s face when she came screaming his name. She was perfection and the image was enough to have him cumming all over his stomach and hands. Releasing his limp cock, he stood from the bed and walked into the bathroom… and once again the scent of woman and snow plums invaded his senses, making him hard again.
He looked down at his hardness and cursed. What the hell was he supposed to do?
Now that he had tasted her, he was going to crave her for as long as he lived. Though, when he actually thought about it, he hadn’t actually tasted her… yet. His cock jerked at the thought of her ridding his tongue, of her juices flowing down his face as he gave her orgasm after orgasm…
“Get your shit together Radien.” He cursed to himself and the thickness throbbing between his legs. Making his way to the shower, he turned on the cold water, hoping it would help him get his head clear.
“Damn it.” Pissed off at his body, he grabbed a towel from the rack and wrapped it around his waist. Heading to the bed, he fell out against the sheets. He closed his eyes and tried to get some type of rest, because Alur only knew what was in store for him.
Chapter 18

Thana, Universe of Death and Darkness, sat in the small study in her castle, immersed in an ancient text. Her anger flowing through her as she searched for a vital piece of information, a dark secret that would aid her in her quest. Stacked around her, lining countless bookcases, were the universe’s darkest books. From black majick to necromancy, there was no dark spell she couldn’t find… at least that’s what she had thought. But after countless hours of searching for the one thing, that would guarantee the death of her enemies and her victory, she was beginning to lose hope.
As she feverishly skimmed the book’s worn pages, she felt her chance at power slipping away. It infuriated her. There was only one thing Thana cared about, and that was killing Bion. She would take his head and serve it to her dark lord on a silver platter. With Bion out of the way, she would be able to crush Radien and his beloved brothers.
If only she could find what she was looking for, a way to kill Bion without killing herself and destroying the universe in the process.
What could she rule over if she was dead?
“I see you have been living well while I’ve been gone.”
Thana’s head snapped up from the book to focus on the dark figure that stood at the head of the long table. She would know that dark and deep voice anywhere in the universe.
“Iraon.” She closed her book and stood from her chair.
“Hello Thana.” 
She watched as he walked around the table, approaching her slowly and with aura so dark it made her weak in the knees. Standing in front of her, he took her in.
Iraon’s eyes roamed over her as he took in every inch of exposed skin. She was still the lethal beauty that he remembered. Able to take the very soul from any living creature, be it a god or Mortal. She was death incarnate. With the face of an angel, she had the power to make any nightmare a reality. He was one of the few beings that had firsthand knowledge of her power.
“I see the devil managed to free you from your cage.” Grabbing the book from the table, she placed it back on its shelf.
“The devil did his job rather well, for a low level creature.” He walked in a slow circle around her, taking her in from behind.
“I’m surprised he didn’t betray you.” She mused.
He was glad she found amusement in his suffering.
Walking up behind her, he pushed her into the bookcase. The long V-neck mesh leather she wore, gave him complete access to her breasts. Roughly toying with her nipples, he ground his erection into her.
How long had it been since he last had a female?
Entirely too long, and the beast in him wanted to break free. Body in need of release, he ripped the piece of mesh from her. Tossing it to the floor, he palmed her breasts.
“It’s been a long time…” Thana moaned as she tilted her head. Her hair in his face annoyed him.
Growling, he wrapped her hair in one of his hands. “Thana,” his breath was hot against her neck. “You know how I hate when your hair is in my face.” He yanked her head back.
“I know,” was her breathless reply.
“Then, why is it so long?” He shoved her into the table. “Either pin it up or cut it… now.”
The smile on her face, when she turned to face him, irked him. For a moment she stared at him. Her tangerine colored gaze meeting his as her hair tumbled over her shoulders, covering her breasts. With her hands on her hips, she eyes him up and down.
“And if I don’t, beast? What are you going to do?” She laughed, wickedness shinning bright in her eyes as she stepped closer to him. “It’s not like you have the power to harm me…”
Before she could say another word, Iraon vanished and reappeared behind her. His wrapping around her flame colored hair, he jerked her head back. Her body arched into his. Her hand reached for his as he pulled her head back.
“Your little antics are going to get you hurt.” He yanked her closer into his body so there was no space between them. “Now if you won’t cut it… I will.”
With her hair balled into one of his hands, he used his other hand to cut her hair. Growing out his pinky nail he sliced through the thick flames of her hair.
With his grip gone, she stumbled backwards, but quickly regained her footing.
“That’s much better.” He tossed the cut hair to the floor. “Now, where were we?” Grabbing her, he tossed her on top of the table. The old piece of furniture shook beneath their weight.
She pretended to struggle against this weight. Smacking him and scratching him across his face, she left cuts under his eye. Laughing as blood dripped onto her face, entertained by his attempt to overpower her.
His body froze on top of her.
“What will you do? Now, that you can’t make me beg for mercy?”
His eyes flashed black as he backhanded her across the face. Her continual amusement at his expense pushed him over the edge. Chocking her, he relished the expression on her face as she realized she couldn’t escape.
“Now,” he growled darkly. “What will you do?” He used his powers to remove the rest of their clothing. “You cannot escape.” With one forceful thrust, he entered her, her struggles useless as he took what he wanted.
Chapter 19

Sitting in her bedroom, Persephone stared into the crystal in her palm. For the last hour or so, she had been trying to locate Iraon or at least find out what he was doing now… anything to get her mind off of Radien and his human female.
“How did it go with your mutt?”
She glanced over the crystal at Hades, who stood by the door of the room. He leaned against the wall with a smug look on his face. It was enough to make her want to hurl a power ball into his chest. But she wouldn’t give him the satisfaction of knowing that his presence annoyed her that much. Ignoring him, she focused on the crystal in her hand, still nothing.
“What’s the matter my love? Your little crystal not showing you what you want to see?”
  Please, show me what I want to see… No matter how hard she tried, nothing appeared in the crystal. Frustrated, she dissolved the crystal into her palm.
“Can’t find your dog?”
Lost in her thoughts, her mind was twisted and confused. She continued to ignore her husband. Turning her back to him, she walked over to the glass window next to her vanity. As she looked out at the kingdom she helped rule over, she should have felt complete...or at least content. She wasn’t. Even with her heart broken into a million pieces by a being she had no business wanting, she craved him, longing for his touch, more than she longed for her husband’s.
Radien… The way he discarded her, like she was trash, enraged her.
“A human female.” She whispered into the air.
Was she so repulsing, that a human was better than her?
“He chose the human over you?”
She looked to Hades, unable to form words.
 “You have to let him go.” He said when she didn’t acknowledge him.
Let him go? How was she supposed to do that? After all, there wasn’t a day that went by that she didn’t think of him. His beauty, his strength… his power, it all made her weak in the knees.
“Persephone,” Hades reached out to her.
“Leave me.” Refusing his comfort, she once again became lost in her thoughts.
“You crave to be human?”
If it would get her Radien… then yes she did. “I crave to be with him.”
Hades tried not to vomit in his mouth from the longing tone coming from his wife for the dog. But damn him, if the confession didn’t rip out his heart. Walking past the bed, he tried not to imagine all the times he and Persephone had spent tangled in those black and red sheets. It was useless. Every touch, moan of pleasure, replayed tirelessly in his mind. Shaking his head clear, he turned his attention back to his wife.
He reached to touch her, only to have her pull away from him. Rage boiled beneath his skin. Here he stood coming to make amends with her and she still refused him. Him of all the gods… she refused the ruler of souls and the controller of the damned.
Fine, if the whore wanted to be the human female, he could arrange that.
Standing beside her, he stared long and hard at the goddess he called his wife. She used to be so beautiful to him… still was. The black dress she wore hugged her slim frame and showed off her long and lean legs. Absently, he found his hand rising to caress her face. Again, she refused his touch. His hands clenched into a tight fist as he reigned in his anger.
Taking a deep breath, he looked out the window before he spoke again. “I gave you a kingdom. I gave you a home… I gave you my heart.”
“You took me from my home Hades.”
Her resentment and anger reached out to him. He knew she had been upset when she had learned of what he had done, but he never thought she resented him for it.
He smirked as the dark clouds above his kingdom started to clash into each other, sending the sound of thunder through the castle. “Yes, I did… I took you away from your pathetic mortal existence and gave you an immortal home.” He turned his face to her.
“I always was immortal, Hades.” She turned and walked away from him.
He watched her walk away from him for the last time. His anger coursing through his body, he raised his outstretched hand in the air and summoned his powers.
“You long for the mutt and you long to have a human life… then so be it.” His voice was dark and boomed in the room. The blast of power that shot out from his hand made the room shake. His power coursed through her until they latched onto her powers. It was time she realized that he was the master of his kingdom. His love and power were not things that he gave freely. She would learn that he was not to be taken advantage of.
Persephone couldn’t move as she faced Hades and felt him ripping her powers from her.
She tried to speak, but her voice was gone. The room quaked as the air whirled around her, encasing her in a cage of air that she couldn’t break out of. Body weak, her legs struggled to support her weight. With her legs giving out, she fell on all fours. Taking in ragged breaths, she could barely lift her head to lock eyes with Hades. Through her hazy vision, she took him in. Black, soulless eyes stared down at her. His face was set in stone, emotionless and cold as his hand flexed and drew out more of her powers.
“Ha...de…s,” her words wouldn’t come out. Her throat was slowly closing. He’s going to kill me.
“You are getting your wish, my love.”
His cold and dark tone was the last thing she heard before she succumbed to the darkness that wanted her.
The image of him draining her of her very life force would forever burn in her soul.

Hades stared down at his wife’s limp body. He felt no remorse for draining her of her powers. He only wished he’d done it sooner. Though, he had to admit, the amount of power she held was more than he had given her credit for.
“You shall live in the human world until I see fit to let you have your powers back.”
Now, all he had to do was figure out where in the human world he could put her, so that she was safe from harm.
Maybe he should just drop her on her mother’s doorstep and be done with it… but that would have defeated the purpose. All her mother would do, was find some way to get her powers back from him. That was something he wasn’t going to let happen.
He took a moment to think, he did have a safe house in the human world. He could send her there.
 Shit, anywhere was better than her in his room. There was a piece of him that longed to embrace her.
She will pay for her embarrassment. Making up his mind, he took one more look at his beautiful whore. She was the one he loved above all else. He would never give her to another male. So long as she lived, she belonged to him. Even if she hated him, he would make her realize that one way or another.
Snapping his fingers, he sent her to his safe house in the mortal world.
See that the mutts you love are nothing compared to me. Prove your worth to me, that you are still worthy to rule by my side. Love only me. Then, and only then, shall you have back your powers and my eternal love.
Chapter 20

Hanging up the phone, Melody sat back in her chair with her hands folded in her lap. It felt good to be back in her office and back to work. In her absence, a ton of paperwork had piled up on top of her desk. It had taken her two days of non-stop work to catch up with her deadlines, but she had done it. Now, she could relax and enjoy the normalcy of her day. Everything was as it should be. Boring… normal, just the way she liked it.
So, why did she still feel empty inside? As if a vital part of her was missing.
As she sat quietly at her desk, she knew what was missing, Radien. She missed him more than she cared to admit out loud.  Her body craved the electricity that flowed between them anytime they were together. She wanted to feel the touch of his callused hands as they caressed her body.
Damn it. Pushing herself from her seat, she walked over to the windows. The sun shined brightly across the NYC skyline, making it look warmer than it actually was. Looking out into the sky, thinking about how her life had changed,  she felt the tingle in her shoulder. It had been constantly bothering her, ever since she ran into the woman who teleported her home. She had been ignoring it for the last few days, but today something made her raise her left hand across her chest and touch the mark on her shoulder. Just like last time, a vision came to her.
She watched as the scene played out for her. The figures were shadows at first. Slowly, one shadow took the form of a very tall and muscular man, dragging some type of bloodied animal behind him with a thick chain. There were two more shadows with him. One appeared to have the shape of an agile woman and the other… the other shadow became clearer.
Melody held her breath as she looked on at the beast that had attacked her in Kelly’s house, carrying a huge chest into a dark room. She could see their lips moving, but their voices were muted. She watched as the man dragged the animal through a dark metal door. The room looked similar to the cell from her first vision. When the door slammed shut behind him, Melody was placed back into her body.
It took her a few minutes to regain her composure and her breathing. Soon, she returned back to her more normal, calmer self. Going back to her desk, her mind struggled to figure out what this latest vision meant. Suddenly, her body felt over heated and her heart was hammering anxiously in her chest, the new found animal in her stirring.
“You shouldn’t have left.”
She would know that deep and sensual voice anywhere. To be honest, she expected him sooner.
“I wanted to come for you the moment I realized you were gone. But, I thought you needed some time to yourself.” He appeared in front of her desk.
His tone told her that there was more to that statement than he let on, especially after what had happened between them.
“Melody.”
Goodness, every time he said her name it made her want to climb up in his lap and purr in his ear. He made something in her come alive. Only when he was around, did she lose control of herself. Like now, something inside her was trying its hardest to claw its way out, telling her to finish what she had started in his bed. She had to beat back that side of her as best she could. But it was hard not to want him, when he was standing in her office wearing a pair of fitted jeans, that hugged his muscled butt perfectly and a tank top that showed off every defined muscle of his huge arms and chest. From behind her desk, her greedy eyes roamed over his body from top to bottom, and back again. But, it was his full and soft lips that her eyes fixed on. She remembered all too well how they tasted and felt against hers.
Once again the animal in her raised its ugly head. Demanding she have him. Shaking her head clear, she turned her attention away from his powerful and promising body. Instead, she chose to focus on the stack of papers in front of her. It was extremely hard for her to pretend he wasn’t in the room, when she could feel his gaze burning into her face. Tingles and shocks started to flow through her. She tried to ignore his presence, but he was too commanding to ignore.
“If you insist on staying here, I wish you would sit down.” Preferably in a corner far away from me before I come across this desk and rip your clothes off with my bare teeth. A jolt went through her body, making her toes curl in her shoes.
She definitely needed to get her mind out of the gutter.
She heard him chuckle as he walked over to her lounge chair, that was against the far wall. She knew he was in her head again and she made sure to send a very violent mental image of what she would do to him if he didn’t stay out of her head.
His deep laughter echoed through her office. Her ears twitched as she listened to him. She realized it was the first time since they’d met, that he truly laughed. It was the most exotic sound she had ever heard… well that and his growling when she touched him. It was a deep rumble from within his chest that echoed through her bones. She had a feeling that no other woman would make him laugh like that again, which made her smile wider.
Glancing up at him, from the paper she was pretending to read, her gaze locked with his. Though the glow in his eyes wasn’t its normal intensity, they sparkled with amusement.
That’s when she noticed, his eyes only seemed to glow brightly when he was angry or aroused. When he was relaxed and at ease, his eyes looked like the storm had passed and she could see specks of gray in his irises.
He truly was the sexiest man she had ever seen.
“And, you are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen.” His tone made her face flush with color.
Her eyes stayed locked with his as he stalked towards her desk. Every move of his body was in fluid movement. He moved like the predatory animal he was as he stopped in front of her desk, his huge frame towering over her. She held her breath in anticipation.
“There is a banquet for my mother tomorrow… will you join me? I want to show you to the kingdom and I want you to come with me and my father when we go to find the Minori Weapons.” He stared intently at her as he spoke, his hands braced on the top of the desk. “These last two days have been driving me mad. I’ve missed you and I never want you from my side… so, will you come?”
The conviction in his voice left her speechless and all she could do was nod her head in agreement.
Smiling, he walked around her desk.
Her eyes remained fixed on him as he turned her chair so she was facing him. He bent down on his knees in front of her. He licked his lips, a devilish smile spreading across his face. The bolt of passion that hit her made wetness pour from her body.
Thank God, she had her legs crossed. Or else she was sure she would be leaking all over her leather chair.
“I can smell you.” He licked his lips again. She crossed her legs tighter, trying to ignore the power surges of need going through her. Her efforts were pointless, so long as his hands caressed her legs. His eyes glowing bright with his own desire, she wanted him to pull her legs apart and bury his head between her thighs… she shifted in her seat as more electricity flowed through her body. She wanted him to take her into his delicious mouth and taste her, but he didn’t do anything. He simply stroked her legs tenderly and stared at her with passion filled eyes. Disappointment filled her.
“I want to taste you, my beauty. But not in some office where people can see into the windows.” He rose to lean into her ear. His breath caressing her cheek as he spoke made the hairs on her arms rise. “And, not where people can hear you scream for mercy… mercy, I can assure you, I won’t have.”
His tongue licked the inside of her ear. “I’m going to taste you in every way, when we are alone and I can take my time, I am going to devour you slowly.” He kissed her thoroughly before he stood and backed away from her.
When he stood, she could plainly see the erection pushing at the fabric of his jeans.
She wanted to sink her teeth into him.
“There will be plenty of time for you to bite, lick, and whatever else you want to do to me my beauty, but as of right now you have company coming.”
“What?” She could barely comprehend what he was saying. In her mind, she already had him in her bed and at her mercy.
“You have an uninvited guest coming.” He vanished before she could ask him to explain.
“Radien?” She whispered into the air. She knew he was still around, the tingling in her body only decreased. “Radien…?”
“Talking to yourself now, kitten.”
Her head snapped towards the front of her office, her eyes narrowing on a face that she wanted to forget with every part of her body. Like always, he walked into her office with his head high and his chest puffed out, cockiness and arrogance oozing from his pores.
“Craig.” Her voice tight, her eyes followed him as he walked over to the front of her desk. Normally his arrogant strut would have turned her on… or at least invoked some type of emotion. Now, his presence simply annoyed her.
“You’re looking well, kitten.”
She fought the urge to vomit in her mouth at the pet named he only called her.
Kitten? She felt more like a tigress or lioness.
That’s because you are my tigress.
She cocked her head to the side as Radien’s deep voice echoed in her head.
“Did you hear me, Mel?”
No, she didn’t. She was too preoccupied with the increasing tingling going through her body. “No, what did you say?”
Craig huffed under his breath. Crossing his arms over chest, he repeated himself. “I said, you are looking good kitten.”
“I know.” She responded dully as she sat back in her chair.
Kitten… humph, you are no weak kitten. Especially not after the way you attacked me.
She couldn’t hold back the chuckle that came out of her mouth from Radien’s sarcastic tone.
“Did I say something funny?”
She finally looked into his face fully. He was still handsome, in a very normal sense of the word. It felt like ages ago, when she would have been dying to have him talk to her.
“The fact that you even have the balls to come into my office is funny to me.” She loved the offended and shocked look on his face when she said that. It was enough to make her chuckle again. “What are you doing here? Last time I checked, we weren’t the closest of friends to be paying office visits.”
She watched him as he walked over, pulled a chair to the front of her desk, and sat down so that they were face to face.
“I’ve missed you.”
She didn’t know what surprised her more; the fact that Craig had the balls enough to say that bullshit to her or the appearance of Radien in the corner of the room by the door.
She kept her eyes on Craig to see if he had noticed there was another person in the room. He didn’t so much as blink or turn away from her. His stare remained fixed on her face.
You’re the only one who can sense my presence even when I’m hiding it.
Right… that just explained everything. Looking out the corner of her eye, she saw a slow smile spread across Radien’s face, even as his eyes remained glued to the back of Craig’s head.
“I’m talking to you.”
“I heard you.” She didn’t look away from where Radien stood, looking as if he was quietly measuring his prey for attack.
“And…?”
She switched her focus back to Craig. He was staring at her with a raised brow.
Surely, he didn’t expect her to say she missed him?
That’s exactly what he expects. Radien’s voice growled in her head.
She looked between Craig and Radien, the woman and animal in her sizing each man up.
After about a second or so, she was laughing hysterically. She looked to Radien, who had the same amused look on his face as she did. She was sure he already knew what was going through her mind.
She looked back at Craig, who looked more than slightly pissed off. “I know you didn’t expect me to say that shit back to you?”
Judging by the face he made, and the quiet between them, he had expected the same response. Again, she burst out in laughter, harder than last time.
How could she have missed him when she had spent all her time with Radien? A man whose very presence, she could feel with every part of her body and soul. A man’s whose every look and touch electrified her.
There was no way she would or could miss Craig, when she had a specimen like Radien with her.
She laughed even harder. Laughed so hard she had to hold her ribs. Until, Craig’s fist came banging down on her desk, knocking her papers to the floor.
Immediately, she sobered and narrowed her gaze on him. Radien’s growl echoed through the room as he approached Craig from behind. Spinning around he came face to face with Radien’s chest. He cranked his neck so that he could stare into his face. He took a step back as Melody rushed around the desk, placing herself between the two men.
“Ok boys, let’s calm down.” She stretched her arms out in the space between the two men, making sure to put her palm in the center of Radien’s chest, hoping to calm him down. Craig on the other hand, hadn’t spoken since he had seen Radien’s glowing eyes piercing into him.
She turned her head to Craig. “I am asking you nicely to leave my office...” Her head motioned towards the door. “Get out now.”
All the while, Radien’s growling continued to echo through the office space.
She expected Craig to have some type of sense and leave. Instead, he knocked Melody’s hand away from his body.
Radien took a step forward.
“What you are going to do big man, hit me? It seems you can’t even get past this little bit-”
It all happened so quick, Melody didn’t have a chance to react. Before Craig could get the rest of his sentence out, Radien had pushed her out the way and tackled him through the table.

Radien couldn’t hold back the rage the flowed through him any longer. Pinning the human down, his hand wrapped tightly around his throat. The human struggled and tried to break free, but Radien only squeezed tighter cutting off the man’s air supply. His eyes widened as he realized there was no way out for him.
As Radien stared with bright glowing eyes at the human, his mind raced. This was the human male that had treated his Melody like she was nothing. This was the pathetic human who took advantage of her and broke her heart.
Now, Radien intended on breaking his face.
He stood up his hand still around the man’s neck, lifting him up off the floor. His feet kicked in the air as he began to struggle against Radien’s grip again. This time instead of tightening his hold, Radien tossed the human into the wall on the opposite side of them, his head bouncing off the wall as he fell to the floor like dead weight.
“Radien…”
He heard her voice, but he ignored her pleading. He intended on making this human pay for what he had done to his mate. As he approached the human, Melody stepped into his path, blocking him.
“Stop.” She said sternly. He stared into her eyes. They were starting to glow again.
He didn’t respond. Side stepping her, he started towards the human who was slowly making his way to his feet.
Melody stepped back in his way when he was a few inches away from the male. “Radien,” Melody called to him, but his eyes were fixed on the man, “Radien!”
He was forced to meet his mate’s beautiful eyes, when she jerked his face down to hers. Her hands placed on the sides of his face made him focus all his attention on her.
“Radien, please, he’s not worth it.” She caressed his face and his temper died down a little. “He means nothing to us… I don’t want you to kill him.”
“He hurt you. He should feel the same pain he has made you feel.” His thumb stroked the side of her cheek.
“I feel no pain, and do you know why?” Her hands held his face tighter as she brought his forehead to hers.
Sparks of desire went through his body. He knew her thoughts, but wanted to hear her say it.
“Because, I have you,” she pressed her lips to his.
Growling at the softness of her lips, he wanted to close his eyes and savor her, until he caught sight of the human male running up behind her. Quickly, Radien moved Melody out the way. He caught the human by the throat again.
But he didn’t choke him, no, that didn’t do enough damage for his liking.
Radien balled his hand into a fist and punched the dangling human in the gut, and then he let him go.
“Get off my foot.” He kicked the human in the stomach so hard he skidded on the carpet to the other side of the room.
Radien wanted to go and finish the male off, but he turned his attention back to his mate, who had moved to his side. He reached for her and wrapped her into his arms.
“Come with me.” He whispered into her ear.
“Where are we going?” She asked as she wrapped her arms around him, pressing her body against his.
“If you’re with me, and in my arms does it matter?” He had lifted her chin so she was looking into his eyes.
“No, it doesn’t.”
He smiled at her and they vanished from her office. Leaving Craig lying huddled in a ball on the floor of the office, holding his ribs and gasping for air.

When they reappeared, it was in Radien’s bedroom. Before they were fully solid, Radien had Melody wrapped tightly in his arms and his mouth hungrily devouring hers. He growled in the back of his throat as her hands gripped his head, forcing his tongue deeper into her needing mouth.
Their tongues were engaged in a passionate dance, when she gripped his tongue gently between her teeth. Holding it there, she sucked on his tongue. His body trembled with pent up desire as his hands gripped her waist, and pulled her lower body closer to his erection. When she playfully nipped his lower lip as he pulled away from her, he came undone. He stared at her for a moment, and then he literally tackled her onto the bed.
When they landed on the bed, her legs wrapped around his waist. His body covered hers as he stared down into her face. Her lids were low, her eyes glowed brightly, and grew brighter by the second. She licked her lips as she caressed his hard body with her soft curves.
“Radien.” She purred his name as she lifted her head from the bed and started to nibble and lick his earlobe.
“My beauty.”
She licked her lips again giving him a glimpse of her growing K9’s.
Dipping his head down, he ran his tongue across the tips of her sharp teeth. Again, shock and tingles spread through both their bodies, causing both of them to moan at the same time. Radien growled again, louder than before as he claimed her mouth again. The smell of snow plums and woman filled the air around him. As he kissed her one of his hands gripped the back of her head, pulling her closer to his mouth so that he could feel all of her, leaving his other hand to run down the soft fabric of her silk blouse. His hands shook from the effort it took to make himself take it slow. He pulled the bottom of the blouse from her pants, his hand roamed under the annoying piece of fabric and over her smooth and soft skin. His hand traveled over the softness of her stomach, up to the swells of her breast. He palmed her through the lace of her bra, making her gasp into his mouth. She moaned when he pinched her nipple through the fabric of the bra.
“Like that, do you?” Using one hand to hold his body over hers, he used the other to pinch her nipple again, this time rolling it between his thumb and forefinger. In response to his question, her hips jerked upward into his groin, rubbing in a slow circular motion. He kissed the side of her face. His mouth made a trail from her face down to the sides of her neck and back up again, stopping again to capture her lips.
He broke their kiss, “I need to taste you.” He toyed with her some more. “Let me taste you.” He growled again as he ground his body into hers.
“Yes”, she moaned as her legs fell to his sides. Pulling off her clothes, he stared at her.
“Beautiful.” He whispered on a breath, as he watched her body flush with color. She was the most exotic creature he had ever seen. Toying with her through the fabric of her panties, he enjoyed the way she craved his touch.
“Radien…”
“I know my beauty.” Elongating his teeth, he settled his head between her thighs. Gripping the flimsy piece of fabric between his teeth, Radien ripped her panties off.
Perfect. He tasted her, unable to wait any longer. The moment his lips touched her wet mound, she filled him. Her hips bucking off the bed as her essence flowed down his throat. Palming his erection while he sampled her, he was sure he was going to come apart.
Dear God. She was going to explode. Never had a man made her feel like this, as if she was being devoured like a five course meal. As Radien moved his tongue, sinfully against her, she couldn’t help but moan his name over and over, until her world came apart in a beautiful explosion. Weakly, her legs fell to the bed.
“We aren’t done.” He murmured from between her legs. “I have not had my fill of you yet.”
Before she could respond, or recover from her first orgasm, he was back between her legs. His hands gripping her hips so she couldn’t escape.
“Damn… it… Radien, I’m cumming.” She came harder than the first, second, and third time. Melody lost count of how many times he drove her over the edge; she could barely remember her name. In a state of pure bliss, shocks and tingles coursed through her body.  From her head to her toes, there was a buzz of energy flowing through her veins.
“Have you been satisfied?” His strained voice drew her attention to the erection pointed straight at her. Though she didn’t think it possible, her body sparked with renewed desire, her legs opening for him.
“Come to me, my mate.” The voice that escaped her was not her own. Giving herself over to her instincts, she let her new found power flow through her. She watched, with glowing eyes, as Radien dropping his pants. Walking over to her, he settled between her legs. She purred in satisfaction as she rubbed her body against his.
A deep growl came from him, as he spread her legs further apart.
“Give me all you are. Take what is yours.” Her arms wrapping around his neck, she crushed his lips to hers, the same time he thrust into her. They moaned in unison as he moved inside of her.
“That’s it, cum for me,” he told her as he pleasured her. He pushed her over the edge, until she was falling into him, into his very soul. As she came she felt him, knew his pain and sorrow. His strength and power, hopes and fears… all of him was laid bare to her, ready for the taking. And she would take. Take until she had all of him.
Empowered by her new power, she switched positions. On top of him, she rode him as he touched places inside of her, she didn’t know she had. Riding him slow and steady, she wanted to show him, needed to let him know, that she saw him for who he was, for what he was. His power meant nothing to her. She loved him for him, flaws and all.
Love?
Yes, she loved him. From the first moment he had invaded her dreams, she had loved him. He was the piece of heart that she thought Craig had shattered long ago. She would claim what was rightfully hers, right now. Looking down at him, she spoke the words that would bind them together forever.
“Radien, Trinity Hound of Light, born from the darkness and loved by the light of the universe, you are my mate and I claim you as mine. From now, until the end of eternity, you belong to me.” She nuzzled the sides of his face. “I will have all of you. All that you are, will be, is mine.” In truth, a part of her expected him to reject her as he had done last time. Joy filled her when he wrapped his arms around her, pressing her chest to his. One of his hands caressed the side of her cheek. His body began to radiate white light, the same as hers. Staring deeply into his eyes, his dark scent filled her senses.
“Melody,” his voice, husky, did inappropriate things to her body. She rotated her hips and pleasure shot through the both of them. “Trinitymate of Light, I accept you as mine. Know that, from now on, our fates are intertwined, inseparable. Not even the Supreme beings can take you from my side. From now and past eternity, in this life and the next, I belong to you. No one shall take me from you.” He smiled, his elongated teeth showing. “Not even a whore of a goddess.”
Their vows exchanged, Melody crushed her lips to his, sealing their bond as she rode him. Pleasure filled every cell in her body, as she felt her life force combining with his. A brilliant bright light filled the room as they climaxed together. Collapsing on top of him, as the light receded, Melody couldn’t help the smile that spread across her face. She felt complete as she drifted into a deep sleep.

Radien held his sleeping mate in his arms. Unease making its way through his body, and he couldn’t help feeling as if their time together had shortened drastically. Something was happening, a shift in power that was bound to change the course of the universe. Holding her tight in his arms, he vowed he would protect her. No matter what, she would be with him… forever.
Chapter 21

The scent of stale blood and decay burned Sofaria’s nose. Slowly, she tried to lift her heavy lids to take in her surroundings. Not that she could see anything anyway, her eyes were swollen shut. Given the fact that her eyes were swollen shut, it was impossible for her to see anything but darkness.
Damn devil. She swore, if she ever got free, she was going to rip his throat out.
Shivering from the cold dampness of the air, she tried to move her body. Her legs felt like they weighed a ton as she struggled to get to her feet. It was useless, she barely had enough energy to move her hand, let alone stand on her feet.
“I see you are finally awake.”
Sofaria barely managed to lift her head in the direction the voice came from. While she couldn’t see him, she could feel the power his power as he slowly stalked towards her. It was a power she had felt before; it was something she would never forget. Fear snaked its way through her body. She wanted to run, but the chains around her ankles and waist prevented her from going anywhere. Her body wouldn’t function the way she needed it to. Even with her body refusing to move, she managed to drag herself into, where she thought, the nearest corner would be, cowering in fear as he continued to move towards her.
“Shhh,” she heard him say as a scream wedged itself in her throat. When she felt the soft firmness of his hand rub across her face, she shrank further into the wall. Finding strength, she pulled her knees to her chest. Her body shook uncontrollably, while his hand continued to softly caress her bruised face. With her head turned to the side, she could still feel the heat of his stare at her.
“It’s a shame, the way that disgusting creature treated you.” He turned her beaten face towards him. His breath, warm, caressed her face. Her trembling intensified.
“You can’t see me.” He blew air into her face. Suddenly, she found it easier to lift her lids. Blinking away the darkness, her vision returned to her.  “That’s better… Your eyes are beautiful when they aren’t bloodshot and swollen, even more beautiful, when they are focused on me.” A sly smile spread across his dark and handsome face.
Focused on him was an understatement. She was openly gaping at him. Though he terrified her, she found it hard to look away from him. She knew better than most, that evil was seductive. The most dangerous creatures were hidden behind the face of beauty. Iraon was no exception.
His pupils were black while the irises of his eyes were blood red. They stared directly into her burning a hole in her soul. He had dark features and a square jaw that made him devilishly handsome. His hair was short and curled, colored the same velvet red as his fur. His hair was at odds with his browned skin, yet took nothing away from his looks. He was dressed in all black, his broad shoulders obscuring her view.
“Beauty such as yours should be treated delicately. Not mated to some obscene creature.” His voice was surprisingly soft and his hand had the softest touch. She found herself turning her head into his callused palm, to nuzzle his hand. Yes, the darkness was indeed seductive when it was the only hope of freedom.
“You shouldn’t be chained like some wild animal.” With that she felt the shackles on her ankles and the chain around her waist fall to the floor. His hands on her knees, he healed all her aching pains. Stretching her legs out in front of her, she couldn’t believe how much better she felt.
“Come with me.” Rising from his kneeling position, he towered over her. “Come with me, Sofaria.” His tone was commanding.
Go with him? Every part of her spirit told her to stay where she was, for her not to move out of that spot no matter what he threatened to do to her. But her body wouldn’t listen, as it was coaxed by some unseen force. He held out his hand for her and slowly she raised hers to take it. He pulled her to her feet. With weak and wobbly legs there was no way she could stand on her own. Had his grip on her arm been removed, she would have collapsed back to the floor.
He stepped away. “Come with me and I shall grant you the power to avenge your lover.” He paused. “He has killed her.” With a wave of his hand, he conjured Kelly’s limp body.
Grief and fury assaulted her. She vowed to make the devil pay for his crimes.
“Take my hand and you shall have the devil.”
No. Her inner voice screamed, but the image of Kelly lying lifeless on the floor played in her head. Vengeance her motivation, she took his hand.
Instantly, he pulled her into his tower of a body. “Good choice.” He laughed darkly, his eyes throwing off a red light.
Before she could realize her mistake, he took her from the dungeon.
Chapter 22

“What are we going to do about Iraon?” Radien asked his father. His hands folded on top of the round table. “Do you think he will show tonight?” He didn’t want to take any chances of the beast getting his hands on his mate.
Bion leaned forward, elbows on the table as his head dropped into his hands. His hands slightly tugging at the strands of his cotton white hair. He lifted his head, his face covered with stress lines. “With a power helping him, he could very well be here tonight.”
“Still no leads on who it is?”
Sitting back up Bion fixed his stare intently at his son sitting across from, his face clearly showing his annoyance with the question. He had his suspicions, but no concrete evidence and it was pissing him off. He couldn’t act unless he had proof. Without it, his hands were tied and his loved ones in danger. “Do you think, if I knew which power it was I would be sitting here talking about it with you?”
A deep scowl spread across Radien’s face. His father’s patronizing tones made his own anger spark. “I don’t know, father. Maybe you would.” Pissed off, he slammed his fists against the table. “Or better yet I know what you would do. You would send me to do it. You would send me to meet my death in a fight you knew I was nowhere near ready for… wouldn’t be the first time now would it?”
Bion had to reign in on his anger, before he blasted his disrespectful son across the room, or maybe through a wall or two. That would solve nothing. “Sit. Down.” Bion growled between clenched teeth. He was growing impatient and seriously tired of his son’s bullshit. They didn’t have time for this.
“What’s the matter, father? Did I bring up a memory that you had pushed out of your collection of vast memories?” Animosity and defiance bled from every pore of Radien’s body. His palms placed firmly on the table, he leaned in closer to his seething father, “had it not been for you and your interference, we wouldn’t be having this conversation… we wouldn’t be in this situation now.”
“Had it not been for me, son…” Now it was Bion’s turn to haul his body out of the chair and into his son’s face. Their eyes glowed with the intensity of their emotions. “You wouldn’t be standing, let alone breathing right now.” He leaned in closer, the tips of their noses touching, his tone low and threatening. “Had it not been for me, you wouldn’t have seen what that worthless goddess really felt for you. You would still be chasing her all over the Underworld, with your tail tucked between your legs.”
Radien held his father’s heated gaze, his temper barely contained. He wanted to hurt his father, blast a light orb into his chest, but he knew his overbearing father was right. He had saved his life in more ways than one that day, but that didn’t mean he was going to praise the man for it.
Letting out a long breath Radien straightened as did his father. They stood staring at each other for a long time, neither one saying a word.
It was Radien, who broke the tense silence between them, “you’re right. Had it not been for you, I wouldn’t be alive and I wouldn’t have Melody. For that, father, I thank you.” With a mock bow, Radien vanished from the room.

Bion stared at the empty space in front of him. Shaking his head, he sat back down in the chair. He couldn’t figure out where he went wrong with his sons. One was a drunk, who wanted him dead, the next didn’t acknowledge the fact that he was his father… and Radien spoke to him but hated having to be around him, just the same.
He really was the father of the century.
“Don’t worry old friend. He knows you mean well… in your own egotistical way that is.”
Bion’s attention instantly went towards the golden doors of the Great Hall. He couldn’t believe his eyes as he looked at the tall and athletic figure standing by the doors. Leaning against the wall. His intense eyes were focused on Bion and where he sat.
He pushed himself from the wall, with his hands folded behind his back, he gracefully walked over to the table where Bion sat. Their gazes locked the entire time.
“Rasi.” Bion greeted his old friend with a curt nod. Leaning back in his chair with his hands folded on the table, one leg crossed over the other. “What brings you here? I haven’t seen you in a while.”
Sighing, Rasi eased his way into the chair. “Yes. I’m afraid it has been a long time since we last spoke. My apologies.”
Nodding his head, Bion spoke. “I take it you know about Iraon.”
“What are you planning on doing about him? As you well know, this time is not the same as the last.”
Bion remained silent, his stare locked on to Rasi’s. Of course he knew this time was different… he wished Rasi would tell him something useful, like how to permanently kill the beast without sacrificing his own sons. That would be great news for him.
He didn’t know what he was going to do. Apparently, Rasi didn’t know either, judging by the stone frown that was on his face.
Not being able to stand Rasi’s intense stare any longer, Bion rose from his chair and began an anxious pace near the table. Raking his hand through his hair, his mind worked to find some type of solution to their long time problem. “What of the weapons?”
“Are you thinking about using them to defeat Iraon?”
Yes. That was exactly what he was thinking. “That’s the only option I’ve come up with.”
“What of Radien’s mate? Is she not a factor in this battle?” His tone was even as he watched the old power pace the room anxiously.
Bion’s pace slowed, and then stopped all together, as his shocked expression focused on Rasi. He started to ask how he knew about Melody, but then again Rasi was the keeper of all dreams, except for the beast of The Trio, Gazini had made sure of that.
There wasn’t a lot that could get past him.
“No, she isn’t.”  Bion finally answered.
“Why not? Are her powers not yet showing?”
Frustrated, Bion stopped pacing and sat back in his seat, his heavy body connecting hard with the strong steel of the chair. “They’re just mated, I don’t think she even understands the war she just put herself into.”
Rasi studied Bion for a moment before he spoke. “You have come to care for the Trinitymate.” It wasn’t a question, but a matter of fact statement that Bion chose to ignore.
“Are the weapons safe?” Bion asked.
“Of course, nothing can get into my temple unless I say so.”
“Are you sure we can use the weapons against him?”
“I suppose so. I am not completely sure. Those weapons were made for The Trio. There’s no guarantee that they will work against them.” Rasi paused. “I suggest you prepare the female for battle… and your son as well. They are your only sure weapons as of right now.”
Bion had figured as much. He really didn’t want to place Melody in that kind of position, a position he knew she wasn’t ready for. “Either way we need to get those weapons.”
Rasi nodded his head in agreement as he rose from his seat.
“Rasi…” He called. “Are you attending tonight’s event? I am sure, Anima, would be more than happy to see you. It has been so long since she has last spoken to you.”
A slow smile appeared across Rasi’s face as he bowed and vanished from the room.

Melody sat in front of the elegant vanity mirror. Lights shining brightly in her face as she stared at her reflection. The face that stared back at her was familiar, yet strange at the same time. The basic construct of her face was the same, she still had her full lips and oval face and high cheek bones. Simple things had changed. The iris of her eyes held sliver-white specks that mixed with the deep brown of her eyes. Her skin radiated a dim light ever since she had been pulled from Radien’s bed.
She glanced down at her hands that rested in her lap. Her nails had grown rapidly, already twice their normal length. Her hair now fell just short of the back of her knees. Not to mention that within the last few hours her hair started to turn a silver-white color that started at the roots of her hair. Now, it covered a little more than one third of her hair.
Sighing, she knew all this was because of what happened between her and Radien.
Radien... Even in her head, her voice was filled with longing. She missed him terribly. It felt as if a part of her was gone and she was left with an empty void.
Was she actually pouting in the mirror?  Yup, she sure was, but she couldn’t help it. Good thing she would be in his arms soon, or she might go crazy thinking about him.
“Stop pouting child, you’ll be with your mate in a few hours.”
She blushed as she heard Anima’s voice.
“Are you sure that we should be throwing a party with everything that is going on? I mean, shouldn’t we be out preparing or looking for Iraon?” She said once she saw Anima appear behind her in the mirror.
“We have time to worry about that.” Anima said with a dismissive wave of her hand. “Tonight is about new beginnings.” She smiled as she draped a necklace around Melody’s neck.
“It’s beautiful.” Melody whispered as she stared at the beautiful black onyx and diamond necklace. She raised her hand so that her fingers caressed the smoothness of the diamonds. As she looked in the mirror, the diamonds sparkled against the onyx setting. She touched the small pendant that rested in the middle of the swells of her breast.
“Yes, it is.” Anima said as she took a step back from Melody. “Stand and let me see you.”
Taking a breath, Melody rose and slowly turned to face Anima.  Her nerves getting the better of her, she smoothed the front of her dress.
Anima’s eyes sparkled as she took in her new daughter in-law. “Stunning,” she circled around Melody. When she was in front of her again a huge smile was on her face that showed off the tips of her K9’s. “My son is well mated.”
Melody’s face turned three different shades of red as a smile spread across her face. It meant a lot for her to get his mother’s approval… she found herself wondering if Radien would get the same acceptance from her mother.
“Sit.” Anima ordered. “I am not done with you yet.”
Nodding, Melody sat back down on the cushioned stool. As she stared back into the mirror a frown suddenly replaced her smile.
“What’s wrong child?” Anima’s soft hand rubbed Melody’s bare shoulder.
“Radien hasn’t met my family yet…” Why hadn’t she thought of that before?
She wondered, what would her mother say when she walked into the house with Radien? Would he even fit through the doorway? She wasn’t sure. His size alone would make him more intimidating than he already was. How was she going to explain his glowing eyes? Or better yet, how could she explain the changes going on with her?
What was she going to do? Walk in the house and say ‘hey mom this is my mate… yeah mate. Oh, but don’t worry, he has super powers…’ ‘Oh why does he have super powers, because he’s not human… What is he? He’s a giant dog, but isn’t he sexy. But it gets better mom because he shares his powers with me...Isn’t that great?’
Her mother would send her to the nearest mental institution, and Radien to the nearest government science lab.
“Don’t worry… all things in time.” Anima lightly squeezed her shoulder, bringing Melody back from her thoughts.
“What if something goes wrong? What if my mother doesn’t like him?”
“Doesn’t like him?” Anima scuffed as if the question offended her. “Give me the brush.”
Melody handed Anima the jewel encrusted brush.
“How could she not like my son?” She continued as she softly brushed Melody’s hair. “He is the perfection of the male body. Just wait and see. She will love him as much as you do.”
Melody’s widened eyes snapped to Anima’s knowing gaze in the mirror. The expression on her face must have said it all because Anima laughed softly, amusement glowing in her gray eyes.
“Did you really think I didn’t notice it before? You reeked of it. It shows in your eyes every time you look at him or when his name was mentioned… You loved him way before you were even mated to him. You loved him in your dreams, didn’t you?” Anima raised a brow, daring Melody to challenge her.
“Yes.” Was all she could reply for the moment “I haven’t actually told him, yet.”
“There will be time.” She said softly as her gaze focused back on Melody’s hair. “Now give me the comb so we can finish.”
Melody handed the ruby jeweled comb to Anima, a thousand questions in her head.
They were quiet for a long moment as Anima styled Melody’s hair.
“How did you know about my dreams?” Melody finally spoke in a hushed voice.
“I have my ways.” Anima said. That was all that she would say on the topic.
Chapter 23

The beat of the music and voices played loudly in Melody’s ear. Her heart was racing and her palms were sweaty. “I’m not sure about this.” She whispered to Anima.
The old queen was standing to the right of her, offering her a reassuring smile. “Don’t worry child, you will be fine.”
Right, tell that to my nerves. Melody thought. She wished she felt as confident as Anima did. As it was, her heart was beating so fast she thought it was going to jump out her chest. The power that emitted from behind the doors of the Great Hall was overwhelming.
“Breathe deep, and remember that your mate is in there waiting for you.” Anima stepped forward, the fabric of her dress swaying with her full hips. She turned to face Melody, eyeing her up and down. “He is all you focus on. He is all that you see and feel. Do not pay attention to those who are gathered in the hall. They are of no importance to us… understood?”
Melody nodded. Anima smiled at her gently as she took one of Melody’s shaky hands in hers. Turning back around, she guided Melody to the golden doors of the hall. With a flick of her wrist, the golden doors parted for them, and Melody felt all eyes on them. The music stopped playing. The whispers and laughter stopped as they walked into the hall.
“Come.” Anima said as she started to walk in the room.
Taking a deep breath, Melody held her head high, spine straight and her hands at her sides. She begged for the strength not to trip over her gown and fall face first to the floor. She forced her steps to be more confident than she really felt as she walked with Anima.
As soon as they stepped into the massive room, she was awed. She had never seen a room more lavishly decorated. The blue and gray marbled room sparkled as if diamonds were embedded into the stone. There was a black grand piano in the corner of the room, whose pianist stared at her will an expressionless face. As she walked, she saw tables set up on each side of the room, leaving just enough space for the dance floor. Extravagant drapes and crystals hung from the ceiling.
Looking up at the ceiling made her feet stop all together. The huge crystal chandelier held her captive. It had to be the most beautiful and elegant piece she had ever seen.
“Melody… come” She felt Anima tug on her arm.
“Sorry.” She apologized as she followed behind Anima. The sea of guests had parted and made way for them. As they walked down the newly made isle an eerie quiet settled over the room. Melody could feel their intense and judgmental stares fixed on her. Some faces were masked in disbelief, others in shock. A few others held disappointment in their eyes as they looked at her, though those stares mainly consisted of females. There was no doubt in her mind that Radien had been with them at some point in his long life. The jealously reflected in their gazes betrayed their false smiles.
The sounds of her heels clicking against the floor echoed in her head. Anxiety crept along her spine. She’d never been able to deal with a large crowd and their intense stares. Even in her business meetings, she tended to fidget and get antsy, and that was in a room of five to ten people. But with the eyes of hundreds of powerful creatures staring at her and frowning, she could feel herself about to faint.
Just breathe… focus… focus. She told herself over and over with each step she took. Taking deep breaths, she looked straight ahead, focusing on her destination. Not that it took much effort. The moment she locked eyes with him she forgot everything that had been going through her mind. Automatically, she was drawn to him. Her whole body lit up as she stared at him. He looked positively delicious as he stood three feet away from her with a slow and sexy smile on his face. His hands locked behind his back, he looked twice the size he actually was. His eyes were locked onto hers as he walked to meet her. She tuned out the whispers that filled the air.
His eyes glowed brightly as he stalked towards her. She couldn’t help the quickness in her breath, or the shocks that spread through her heated body as he approached her. The look on his face was polite and manner full, but she knew by the intensity of his stare, that he could devour her right where she stood. Her skin tingled. She didn’t think she would get used to this feeling. All this and he hadn’t even touched her yet. He was simply walking towards her and her senses were out of control.

Radien stared at his beautiful mate in front of him. She was absolutely breathtaking. In a room filled with his family and friends she shined like a star. Her electric energy pulled him to her like a beacon. The sultry white floor length dress she wore complimented her hourglass shape, showing off the best parts of her body. The V-neck cut of the dress exposed just enough of her honey skin to make his mouth water. Not to mention, the way she stood, made the slit in the dress rise a little above her thigh, exposing even more of her succulent skin. He envied the jewel that hung around her neck that got to bury itself between the swells of her breast.
His body’s reaction was instant. He was rock hard and dying to bury himself inside her until she screamed his name over and over again.
“Do you like it?” Her voice was husky and her breaths short.
To answer her question, he reached for her. Tilting her chin with one hand, he placed a light kiss on the back of her knuckles. The moment his lips touched her soft skin a silent moaned escaped her lips, causing his hardness to jerk in his pants. He had to bite back his growl.
“Come.” He said as he linked her arm in his and led them over to the middle of the room, where a large banquet table was.
Melody walked alongside Radien, sparks of electricity flowing through their bodies.
“Melody,” Bion greeted her, a huge smile spreading across his face as he kissed her hand. “You look radiant.” His deep voice echoing in her ears as he smiled at her.
She turned her face away as she felt her cheeks start to flame.
“Now, let’s get this thing started.” Bion turned to face the crowded room. “Greetings, I wish to thank you all for coming. It has been far too long since we have last been in the same room…”
As Melody listened to Bion speak, she was once again reminded of how much he and Radien looked and acted so much alike. She felt herself jump when a pair of strong arms wrapped around her.
“I couldn’t resist touching you any longer.” Radien voice caressed her ear as he pulled her back into his broad chest, her bare back sinking into the soft fabric of his silk shirt. Neither one of them spoke as Bion addressed the awaiting crowd, he commanded their undivided attention.
“We are here to celebrate the return of my queen.” He reached for Anima, his arm wrapping around her waist, pulling her closer into his body. The smile she gave him spoke volumes of her love for him.
Melody looked at the pair. Bion wore an elegant black suit with the top button of his red silk shirt unbuttoned. His long hair was pulled into a loose ponytail as his glowing gaze stared out at the crowd. His presence screamed royalty, it screamed king. Just as the woman standing beside him screamed queen. Anima was beyond beautiful in her black and red strapless dress. With half her hair pulled into an elegant sweep and the rest flowing down to the small of her back. The diamonds she wore shinned against her flawless skin. All they were missing was the jeweled crowns on their heads.
“In another time they would have ruled supreme.” She felt more than heard Radien.
She nodded. It was easy to picture them ruling side by side. Absently, she wondered how long it would take her and Radien to share that kind of bond.

“Shall we go and join the party?” Thana asked as she walked into her dark bedroom, eying Iraon She had to admit she liked the way he looked in her bed. If her heart didn’t belong to another he would have captured it, as it was he was one of her best lovers.
Walking over to her armoire, she pulled its double doors open. Everything in the armoire represented who and what she was. All she wore was black leather and mesh chained tops.
“It would be rude if we didn’t show.” She heard his dark chuckle as he moved out of her bed. A place he had been spending most of his free time, but now it was time to get back to work. There was still a lot to be done and if she was counting correctly even less time to do it in.
“Very well,” turning to face him, she snapped her fingers and clothes appeared over her naked body.
“What of the weapons?”
Ah yes, it always came back to that didn’t it. “What weapons?” She knew she shouldn’t play games with him, but what type of Universe of Death would she be if she didn’t flirt with danger every now and then?
Before she could get her next breath out, Iraon had flashed himself from the side of the bed and in front of her. His eyes were burning with fury.
“Don’t play dumb with me Thana.” He growled at her as he stepped closer to her, making her take an involuntary step back. He advanced towards her until she felt her back pressed against the wall.
A normal woman would have feared him and not taunted him. Thana wasn’t a normal woman. She was a source power and feared nothing. All his rage and anger did was put a smile spread on her face.
“Damn it.” Iraon growled as he put his hand through the wall close to her head.  “I have played house pet with you long enough. There is no more time for your games.” His tone began dropping to a threatening volume.
“I love it when you're all worked up.” She started to laugh, only to have it cut short when his hand wrapped around her throat. He slammed her back into the wall, her head banging back, cracking the stone.
“The weapons?” He squeezed harder. She felt her lungs struggling to drag in air.
“Fine.” She gasped and his hold dropped. He stepped away from her as she stood against the wall, dragging air into her body. “Fine, I will give you your weapons… but first we have a party to crash.”

She was a silhouette in the dim lighting of the room. Her shadow danced over the walls and floors. The lights giving her an omniscient glow as she danced alone, while a small circle of beings crowed around her.
Radien watched her closely from his seat behind the banquet table. Entranced by the sway of her hips as she moved to the slow rhythm of the music, he couldn’t take his eyes away from her. With his connection to her, he could hear her singing the words in her head. Her voice vibrated through his mind and his body, soothing his soul and the beast inside him.
Not being able to take it anymore, he pushed himself from his seat. He approached her slowly. Methodically, watching her like the predator he was. Stalking his prey… his prey that had succulent honey toned skin and a lushly curved body, making him weak in the strongest ways.
“Your hips have the most hypnotizing movement.” He watched as she turned to face him.
Smiling at him, she continued to her taunting. She was surprised it had taken him as long as it did to come to her. With the extra sway in her hips, and her seductive movements, she had expected him five minutes ago.
Glowing eyes, slowly, traveled over her body. She found herself holding her breath in anticipation.
“You are lovely, my beauty.” Radien spoke as the scent of snow plums and woman coursed through his body, sparking his senses.
His gaze burning into her, she felt that same electricity that she always felt when he looked at her with hungry eyes.  Her heart beat rapidly against her chest as he gripped her by the waist, pulling her the short space the separated them. Her body melted into his. Tingles spread through her body from the feeling of his warm hand against her bare back. She smiled up at him as they started to sway to the music, neither of them noticing the guests around them. One of his arms wrapped around the lower part of her back, possessively, as his other hand held her hand close to his chest… over his heart.
“I love the way you melt into me.” His breath caressed her cheek.
God help her, but she loved the way she melted into him too. The feel of his hard muscles pressed against the soft curves of her body made her pant with need.  She was so consumed by him that she had forgotten they were in a room filled with others. Lifting her head from his chest, she grip him by the back of his head and crushed his full lips against hers. She didn’t care about the moan that escaped her as she pressed her body closer into his. All that concerned her were his growls of approval as his arm wrapped tighter around her waist.

Radien was caught completely off guard by his mate’s level of aggressiveness. HIs growl echoed loudly throughout the Great Hall.
Mine. He thought. The word echoed loudly in his head as her scent continued to invade his body. He felt her all the way to the bone. He kissed her back just as aggressively as she had captured his lips. He didn’t care they stood in the middle of the floor making out like horny teenagers. Nothing mattered except the warm feel of his woman pressed against him. All he could feel, see… taste, was his Melody.
“You keep kissing me like that and we will miss the end of the banquet.” Radien whispered against Melody’s lips.
“Would that be such a bad thing?” She purred at him. His cock twitched.
Radien chuckled seductively as he twirled her around and brought her back into his chest. “No, it wouldn’t.” He spoke again, his deep voice exotically caressing her ears as their bodies moved together, in harmony with the rhythm of the music. Their foreheads pressed together, lost in each other’s presence.
“Mind if I cut in? I haven’t spent any time with my new daughter.”
Radien lifted his head and looked over his shoulder to his father standing behind him.
“If she doesn’t mind,” Radien smiled tightly as he stepped from her warm embrace, immediately his body mourned the loss of her touch.
He knew she felt it too, because the glow in her skin dimmed slightly, but she remained polite and smiled as she took Bion’s extended hand.
Excusing himself, Radien made his way back to the banquet table where his mother was now seated.

Bion stared down at his son’s mate. Her eyes focused intently on Radien’s back as he walked away. A look of longing so intense, that all you could do was count the minutes until your lover returned. It was the same way he looked at Anima.
“My son is very lucky.” He smiled down at her, his voice breaking her concentration on Radien and drawing her eyes to him. Wrapping his arm around her waist, they moved to the music that played in the room. “I have never seen him as happy as he is with you. It amazes me every time I see it.”
“He makes me feel the same way.” She responded back to him as he twirled her around.
“Yes, I can see it in your eyes.”
She beamed at him then. Easily, he saw why his son had fallen in love with her. She was soft and feminine, peaceful, yet he could feel the strength that resided within her, a strength that was just awakening.
“You are always welcomed in my home.” He spoke as they continued to dance with the music.

Radien sat next to his mother, keeping her company as his father danced with his mate. His emotions played havoc on him. He wanted to rip his father’s head off for having his hands on his woman, and yet he was strangely happy that his father approved of her. As he watched them, he couldn’t help but feel that this was where she belonged.  She fit perfectly into his world, into his life. Even while he talked and laughed with his mother, he watched her. Every movement, every twirl, dip, spin, smile and laugh were recorded in his memory.
“So brother, who did you steal her from… or by some crazy chance you managed to get your own female?”
Slowly he turned his head to his brother, his tone mimicking his brother’s. “Adien, how have you been, brother?”
Out the corner of his eye, he could see that his mother had stiffened in her chair, her gaze traveling up and down Adien as she slowly took in his features. She glanced back at Radien.
He faced her but couldn’t bring himself to speak. He saw a mix of emotions on her face, first shock, hurt, then her anger. Her eyes flashed black, and then quickly changed back to their stormy gray. Opening his mouth, he wanted to comfort her.  Not wanting to hear what he had to say, she held her hand up to him while pushing herself from the banquet table.
“Radien, if you will excuse me.” There was a catch in her voice as she spoke.
Radien nodded his head and watched as his mother gracefully walked away from the table. Quickly, she left the Great Hall, but not before she cast a hurt look towards his father.
“So, that is who captured father’s heart… she is extremely lovely.”
Radien ignored his brother. He wanted to run after his mother and comfort her.
His father must have sensed his mother’s distress because his head snapped up and scanned the room for her, all the while never missing a step in his dance. Their gazes locked for a brief second across the dance floor, and then his father’s gaze slid over him to Adien, then quickly towards the doors of the Great Hall.
“Well, doesn’t he look excited to see me?” Adien laughed as he flopped down into Melody’s vacant seat Radien tensed. “Easy brother, we wouldn’t want to cause a scene.”  While he spoke calmly, the animosity that radiated out of Adien said that the man was more than ready for a fight.
“What are you doing here?” Radien tiredly sighed as he looked at his brother. Their gazes locked for a brief second, before Adien turned his head towards Melody.
“She is lovely brother…  I should introduce myself.”
Before Radien thought better of it, his hand was around his arrogant brother’s neck and gripping tight. “Understand this, brother.” Radien growled. “This is not the last time. For her, I will kill you and damn the consequences.” With that, Radien withdrew his grip on his brother’s neck. He wanted to kill the man, why he still considered him a brother, he didn’t know?
Adien glared at Radien as he rubbed his bruised neck. “I should rip your head off.”
“When the time is right, you and I will have our fight.” He pushed himself from his seat, “just not now.” Turning his back, he walked away from his enraged brother into the thick crowd of gliding bodies. From behind him, he heard his brother growl that their war wasn’t over.
 It was far from over. Radien thought darkly as he reached his mate.
“Father,” Radien practically growled. He was having a hard time control his boiling anger. He needed to feel his woman’s body against his. He needed to have her in his arms before he killed something.
Nodding in hasty agreement, Bion stepped away from Melody and vanished after his wife. 
Within seconds Radien had Melody wrapped in his arms. “Let's get out of here.”
“It’s your party.” 
“I don’t care. I need to be with you.” He whispered into her ear, his anger quickly subsided. 
She nodded and before she could blink again, they vanished from the Great Hall and into his bed chambers.

“Beautiful couple, aren’t they?” Iraon darkly mused as he and Thana stood in the furthest corner of the Great Hall, greatly entertained by the hound and his mate.
“Indeed.” Thana replied in a clipped tone.
Iraon stared at the woman, studying her closely. She was indeed a beauty. Melody that was her name, if he recalled correctly, the Trinitymate whose blood had freed him from his longtime prison. He would have to thank her properly for her gift.
“Pity that their time together will be short lived.” Iraon spoke. “Come we have much to do.”
“What of the devil?”
Ah yes, the devil, the disgusting creature that was waiting for them to return so that Iraon could release him from his cage. He would have to give some thought as to what he was going to do with that creature… maybe he should let the creature’s mate kill him.
“He is still useful,” he paused. “We will bring him with us.” Iraon finished as he started to turn his body into a black mist. He disappeared from sight a moment later, with Thana following right behind him.

Melody didn’t know what to make of Radien at that very moment. Something was wrong with him. She could feel it deep within her body. She didn’t know what it was but she knew it had something to do with the man that he had been talking to. The temptation to peek into his head and see what was wrong, was almost too much to ignore. But, she restrained herself. She remembered how she felt the first time he had done that to her, her privacy invaded. No, she wouldn’t do that to him. Besides, the expression she had seen on his face, told her that whatever they were talking about was serious and none of her business in the first place.
“Everything I do now is your business, my beauty.”
She heard him say once they were in the bedroom. A room, she noticed lately that they had been spending most of their time… not that she minded. Most of the time really good things happened to her when they were held up in this room.
She heard Radien groan and she blushed. She needed to control her thoughts.
“Don’t do that. I love your naughty little thoughts.” He said as he gripped her head and placed a soft kiss on her forehead, instantly making her crave him.
Staring into his eyes, she noted they weren’t glowing with the brightness of their usual arousal. There was such sadness in his eyes and it tugged at her heart. Her face must have expressed her emotions because she felt something change in him. He frowned and walked away from her. She watched him as he flopped his butt down on the bed, his head in his hands.
“What’s wrong?” She asked him as she walked over to him. The moment she was close enough his arms were around her waist, pulling her between his legs.
“Radien?” She whispered to him as his head lay against her stomach. “Talk to me and tell me what’s wrong, and don’t say nothing.” She added when she felt him start to shake his head.
When he refused to answer, she reached under his chin and forced his head up. She stared into his eyes as she caressed the side of his face. He was so ruggedly handsome, that she couldn’t help but touch him. Even the simplest of contact made sparks fly in her. She couldn’t stand to see him like this. Whatever she could do to help she was going to do, no matter what it was.
“Thank you.” He said softly as he pulled her on top of him and crushed his lips into hers. “Thank you.” He whispered against her lips.
She didn’t know what he was thanking her for, really she didn’t care, so long as he never let go of her body. “Anytime sexy.” She said huskily to him.
“Sexy..?” His voice filled with exotic amusement as he raised a brow. “I like the sound of that… but do you want to know what I like more than that.” He asked, his eyes starting to glow brightly with passion.
He left her momentarily speechless, all she could do was shake her head. He smiled and with quick and fluid movements he had pinned her under him and was pressing himself against her core.
A moan escaped her lips and he let out a low and deep growl.
“I love the way you feel under me.” His lips came crushing down on her again. He kissed her with a force that made her toes curl in her shoes.
She kissed him back full force, she wanted to wrap her legs around his waist, but her damn dress held her legs together. Damn it, she wanted to rip the damn thing apart.
“I need to be inside you.” He growled in her ear.
“Yes.” She responded and somehow managed to rub herself against him.
Growly forcefully, his hands traveled down her body and to her legs. He gripped the bottom of her dress and roughly yanked it up around her waist. Normally, she didn’t like roughness, but with Radien it turned her on even more. So much so that she was clawing and ripping his shirt apart needing to feel his flesh against hers as they kissed. Finally, she managed to wrap her legs around him and was able to cradle him into her body. When she felt his hand sweep against her molten core, she purred into his mouth.
“I need you, now.” She purred and rubbed herself against his fingers.
“So wet.” He groaned as he ripped the fabric of her underwear from her and tossed it to the floor.
She licked and sucked on his neck as he freed himself from his pants and jammed himself inside her. Hooking her legs tightly around him, she captured her lips as he moved hard and fast inside her, making her breathing ragged and shocks and tingles go through her body.
“Harder.” She demanded from him. He did deliver as he moved faster and deeper inside of her. She loved the way he stretched and filled her. He fit so perfectly in her. She could feel herself coming apart.
A moment later she did, screaming his name. The last thought she had before she heard him moan her name as he climaxed was how much she loved him and how she would die without his touch…
Chapter 24

Melody lay quietly on Radien’s chest, shocks and tingles coursing through her body from their latest love making session.
As she lay on his chest, her hands idly making circles around his navel, her mind wandered to the scene in the Great Hall. The hate and anger that filled the air between Radien and the other man had hit her hard. Yet there was a sting of regret, guilt, that came from Radien as he looked at the stranger. For a second, she had thought they were brothers, they looked closely alike, but from the way they looked at each other, she quickly turned that idea away. Surely, brothers wouldn’t  hate each other that much… right?
“Wrong.”
“He’s your brother?” She asked in disbelief.
“Yes.” Was his only remark.
Wow. She couldn’t believe that brothers, flesh and blood, could hate each other so much. What happened between them? As bad as she wanted to ask, she waited for him to continue.
When the wondering and quietness became too much for her, she had to satisfy her curiosity.
“What happened?” She whispered. “Radien.” Lifting her head from his chest, she looked down into his face. Even though his eyes were closed, she knew he was awake. Staring at him, lying back with one arm behind his head, the other gently caressing her back, she wanted to ease his pain.
“Radien.” She said again as she placed a light kiss on his lips.
Slowly, he opened his eyes and once again they were dull. It broke her heart to see his beautiful eyes filled with such torment.
“Tell me.” Speaking softly, she caressed his face.
“It’s a long story.” He finally said.
She smiled down at him. “I have all the time in the world…” Easing her way back down, she lay her head on his chest, “start from the beginning… please.”
With a heavy sigh, he began to speak. “I was an adolescent when I mastered my powers and perfected my skill in weaponry, combat… and other things.” He spoke with a heavy heart as he stared at the ceiling. The pain in his voice continued to break her heart. Wrapping her arms around him, she held him tighter.

Radien took another deep breath before he continued. He wasn’t in the mood to relive his past or childhood. But as he lay with his mate in his arms, he found that a little part of him wanted… no needed to talk about what had happened so long ago.
He had loved his brothers more than anything in the universe, even though they could get to his last nerves at times, he loved them all the same. But it had been him and his youngest brother, Adien, who had been the closest. inseparable as they grew up. Where one went, the other was close behind. As the eldest, it was Radien’s duty to protect and look after his brother.
 “We didn’t get into many fights because of our father. Adien wasn’t as strong as I was and when I would step in to defend him…” Radien paused. “He became embarrassed, and I guess you could say a little jealous of my powers.”
A little. Radien thought. No. Adien had envied his powers and hated how weak he had been. “That was when it all started. Gradually, Adien began to distance himself from me.”
“Now you regret not reaching out to him?” Her voice was soft and filled with a hidden pain that he didn’t like her having. He wished there was something he could do for her and her sisters.
“Yes.” He responded, but not as much as he regretted what came next. Giving another sigh, he continued his tale…
For centuries, Adien kept a safe distance from him, only in his presence when it was absolutely necessary. As the years passed, the tension grew. Until they ended up avoiding each other all together. One day, much to Radien’s surprise, his brother reached out to him, telling him about a female he wanted to win over. Well into the early hours of the morning, Radien had listened to Adien and his ramblings of love.
“He needed my help Though he had his fair share of females, this one in particular left him speechless.” Another pause as Radien contemplated how his mate would handle the next bit of information he was about to give her.
“Spit it out. I’m a big girl. I can handle it.”
He gave her a small smile. “There’s no doubt that when it came to women and their bodies… I am quite knowledgeable.”
“So you basically slept around?”
 “Yes, I used my free time bedding woman. Perfecting my skill with them so to say.” He admitted reluctantly. He didn’t want his mate to think he was a whore or something. Even though that’s what he had been back then. That was a lifetime ago. He thought as he looked down at his mate's head of white hair spread across his arm.
Melody didn’t know how to respond to that last statement. Maybe she should be happy he had perfected his skill, because God knew, he was an expert on the female body… but all of those women and how many times? Had he loved any of them?
Dear God, how plain she must have been to him.
“I admit that back then having all those females boosted my ego.”
Annoyance crept along her spine. The idea of sharing what was her’s didn’t sit well with her.
“But after a while I needed something more.” His hand came from under his head and lifted her chin so that she was staring into his eyes. “I found that when I found you… you are perfect in every way.”
The sincerity in his tone and on his face made her melt.
She smiled at him. Kissing his hand, she laid her head back on his chest.
“Happy that my brother was speaking to me again, I was more than happy to help him. I met him the next afternoon in the meadow in the forest.” As he spoke, his eyes stayed fixed on the ceiling.
That day changed everything. His intentions had been pure. Help his brother so they could rebuild their relationship. It was all so simple. Until he saw her. He couldn’t lie and say that as he stood hidden behind the trees of the forest, staring at her in the meadow with his brother that he hadn’t looked at the beauty before him and not wanted her with an unspeakable need
Turning his head, he looked at his brother, whose face was filled with awe and what he thought was love. He had to admit, his brother’s naivety and determination had been endearing There was no way he would do anything to betray his brother.
 “I managed to get her out of my head after a few days.” He gave a short emotionless laugh. “I even forced myself to sit and listen to Adien’s love stories. Part of me felt that he knew what I was going through and wanted to rub it in my face.”
“But, you listened any away.”
He nodded. “It was a struggle for me to keep myself under control. But, I managed to control myself well for the most part.”
He paused and she could feel the ‘but’ coming on.
She felt him chuckle as he spoke.
“There’s always a but.” He said. She could hear the anger and shame in his voice as he continued to speak. “I was fine until I saw her again. One look into her deep eyes and my body would stir. She had looked me up and down with wide eyes. Where her face flushed a deep red, I realized I was naked.”
 “Naked?” She jerked her head from his chest and gave him a hard stare.
“Yes.”
She looked as if she was going to ask why, but decided against it. Leaving it alone for now, she returned to her spot on his chest, her head resting over his heart and one thick leg draped over his body.
 “I covered myself…” He continued.
When her cheeks flushed such a deep red all he wanted to do was reach out and caress her face. She had been perfection to him back then. Her skin looked so soft and warm.
“What is your name?” He had asked her.
She blushed and answered. “Persephone.”
Radien felt Melody’s body jerk straight up. She sat up staring at him blankly.

Melody sat on the bed, staring at Radien as everything clicked in her head. It all made perfect sense to her now. Now she understood why the goddess had been so angry and hurt. She understood that heart breaking pain perfectly, but that still didn’t mean she liked the female though.
“Go on.”
Sitting up behind her, Radien wrapped his arms around her, pulling her back against his chest. “I was captivated by her. She had turned her head, but I made her focus on me.” He paused and studied his mate’s ridged posture. “I stared into her face, focusing on her lips…”
He kissed the nape of her neck. He could hear growling low in the back of her throat as he held her close to him. “Are you sure you want to hear the rest my beauty?”
“Go on.” She whispered again, though she didn’t stop her low growling.
Sighing, Radien started to speak again as his mind replayed the one day he wished he could forget.
“I spent the day listening to Adien and his problems, then visited her at night. He told me that he thought she was seeing another. Right then I wanted to confess, but the words wouldn’t come out.”
“I’m telling you, Radien. She had met someone else. I can feel it. Her behavior has changed Us went from speaking to each other every day, to not speaking at all… She doesn’t even look at me that same.” Frustrated, Adien felt as if he was going crazy.
Radien watched his brother pace the floor. Duty, and family bonds demanded that he tell his brother the truth. Pride and selfishness kept his mouth shut as Adien continued his ranting.
“After that, I couldn’t take it anymore. While I thought I loved, Persephone, I couldn’t continue to watch my brother in pain. That night I decided to end things with her. I want to her cabin, unaware of the fact that I was being followed.”
As Adien flowed Radien through the familiar forest, his chest began to tighten with dread. His steps faltered as his love’s cabin came into view and his brother disappeared behind the door. Slowly he approached the cabin. All the while denying what he felt in his gut. He peeked through the cracked door… His heart dropped from his chest and landed at his feet. There in front of his eyes was his beloved wrapped in his so called brother’s arms. That sight shook him to his very foundation. The two people he had come to trust with his life had betrayed him. Consumed by rage and fueled by their betrayal he had changed into his hound form…
“He came crashing through the back side of the cabin…”
Radien’s head jerked away from Persephone as he saw his brother’s massive form come crashing through the side of the cabin. The howl he let out was filled with hate and agony. Radien felt his heart stop and Persephone paled. The sound was something he never heard before.
Then was a long silence as the brothers held each other’s gaze, but it was Radien who broke the silence.
“Adien,  it’s not what it looks like.” He stepped away from Persephone his hands raised in the air.
He held Adien’s gazes, even as three sets of eyes narrowed dangerously at him. Teeth bared.
“Brother.”
You are no brother of mine… Adien’s voice bellowed in his head.
“I didn’t want to hurt him like that. I tried to leave, but she had begged me not to leave her…”
Figures. Melody sarcastically thought.
Radien chuckled despite his troubled emotions. “She said she loved me.”
He had been so stupid to believe she had truly loved him…
I hate you and I will kill you for this… both of you.
With a bellow of rage, Adien had lunged at him. Instantly Radien flashed Persephone out of the cabin and changed into his hound form.
“Because I was older I was twice the size of him…”
And more powerful. So much so that when Adien had lunged for him, he had caught his brother by his throats and flipped him onto his back. The cabin shook and part of the roof fell in the house from the intensity of the slam.
Radien pinned his brother under him. The hatred and grief that lived in his brother’s eyes would haunt him for the rest of his life.
I hate you.
Radien started to say something, but just as he went to send a mental wave to his brother, he felt himself being thrown through the other side of the cabin and into the woods; his massive body crushing trees under his weight.
Gathering himself, he rose to his feet, his vision was slightly blurred but he could still make out his brother's figure slowly approaching him.
Bracing himself, Radien planted his paws into the ground, preparing himself for Adien’s physical attack… what he hadn’t planned on was for his brother to use his elemental powers against him. He hadn’t noticed the thick vines that had sprouted from the ground and started to wrap around his legs.
“I went to move and that’s when I noticed that he had me grounded so to say…”
Adien howled into the sky, summoning the forest trees toward them. Ordering the trees to encage Radien and impeding escape.
Trapped, Radien watched as his brother drew his heads together, forming a huge elemental orb.
Radien cursed as he was forced to use his own powers, mimicking his brother’s actions he formed a massive light orb, easily twice the size of his brother’s.
They released the orbs at the same time. The impact of the orbs could be heard from miles away and seen from another world. Radien didn’t give Adien a chance to summon more energy before he let loose another orb. The ball of power hit his brother in the chest, blasting him back into the broken down cabin.
With his brother down, Radien broke free from the vines, shifting back into his human form he stepped over the destroyed trees and walked to where his broken and battered brother lay. His own anger spiked now. He would kill his brother if he tried to attack him again.
He paused as he saw Adien stagger to his feet in his human form. Blood poured from the center of his chest, showing that his body absorbed most of the impact. His chest heaved up and down as he dragged air into his bruised lungs.
It was a long moment that passed as they stared at each other.
“I looked into his eyes and could feel his rage… there was so much that I don’t even think Iraon could absorb it all.”
Melody’s heart clenched as she listened to his sad tale. There was a longing in his voice that said he missed his younger brother. Probably, more than he cared to admit. She wrapped her arms around him, offering what comfort she could.
“You are dead to me… that what he said… dead.” The last word was sadly whispered.
Melody knew those words haunted him even now. She knew he had waited a long time to get this off his chest so that’s what she let him do.
“You are dead to me… one day we will meet again and it will be you who will be lying dead before me.” With those words hanging in the air between them Radien would watch his brother disappear out of his life.
“That was the last time I ever heard from him… until today.”
She held him closer. The words she wanted to say to him were on the tip of her tongue, but she couldn’t force them out. So, she just continued to lie quietly on his chest, letting her presence comfort him.
Chapter 25

“Anima…” Bion sighed. “Don’t be like that…. Don’t be mad.” Because I can’t stand it when you're upset with me. Bion thought as he sat down on the bed next to Anima. She hadn’t so much as looked at him since he appeared in their bedroom a few moments ago.
To be honest, he didn’t know what to say to her. He could handle her when she was mad and swearing how the sight of him disgusted her. At least then she would be giving him the luxury of hearing her voice… but this silence… this silence was killing him, chipping away at his sanity as his mind turned over and over trying to figure out what she was thinking.
“Anima, pl-“ 
She raised an elegant hand to stop his pleading. Still her face stayed turned away from him.
“Bion…” She sighed as she placed her hand back in her lap. After several long seconds she turned to face him.
Alrik help him, but the anguish that he saw in her eyes broke his heart. He raised a hand and let his thumb wipe the single tear that fell down her cheek.
She closed her eyes to savor his touch. Even though she seemed to crave his touch, her body was still filled with tension. Once again she turned her head from him.
Dropping his hand in disappointment, he watched her and waited for her to continue.
“I’m not upset with you for taking another female.” Her voice was as raw as her emotions were. “I expected as much…” She looked as him again. Right then, all he wanted to do was wrap his arms around her and pull her stiff body into his. He wanted to ease whatever pain and hurt she was feeling. Most of all he wanted her skin pressed against him and the heat of her body seeping into him.
The only thing that stopped him from doing so was the underlying rage that he could feel radiating from her. He didn’t want to take a chance that she would lash out at him or worse, reject his touch. So he just kept his hands where they were… on his knees.
“I am upset, however, that you hid the fact that you had another… son.” She practically growled that last word. Not that he could blame her. If she had told him that she had taken another male into her bed and birthed his children, he didn’t know how he would react. As of now just the thought of it made his blood boil and the need to kill something course through his body.
Releasing a slow breath to calm himself. He reached for one of Anima’s hands resting in her lap. Clasping her hand in his, the warmth of her skin quickly set his blood on fire. He had expected her to yank her hand away from his but she didn’t. Some part of him wished she had because he couldn’t stop the rush of arousal that flowed through his entire being, making his eyes glow. He had to shake his head clear in order to get his mouth to cooperate with his brain.
“Anima…” He kissed her hand. “I’ve just gotten you back into my arms. I was going to tell you. I just wanted to have more time with you before we had this discussion.”
“Did you love her?” She growled.
He gave a soft chuckle. He knew that question was coming. “I love you. I have always loved you. From the time I first saw you, and you were naked in a bath till now…” He looked deep into her eyes. “How could I give my heart to another when it no longer belonged to me? You hold it in the palm of your hands and it is forever yours.” He caressed her cheek. Now her gaze was burning into his.
“I love you.” She said softly, just before her mouth crushed into his.
Catching him off guard, he nearly fell off the bed. He caught himself and wrapped his arms around her solid body, returning her kiss full force. Her cherry scent and taste invaded his body, making him harden even more for her.
Their kiss became feverish as Bion eased Anima down onto the bed. Her hands tugging his shirt, making the buttons fly in every direction. Her hands raked the muscles of his chest and abdomen, making his hips surge forward. Shivers broke out over his body as his hands roamed over the curves of her body that were hidden under the fabric of her dress.
He could feel her need just as much as his own. “Anima.” He groaned against her ear.
She purred in the back of her throat. Her eyes closed as she rubbed her softness against him. He had to fight the urge to rip her dress off and ravage her supple body.
He would have if a dark sensation hadn’t suddenly gone down his spine.
“What’s wrong?” He heard Anima’s breathless voice, but couldn’t respond. The sensation was intensifying.
Bion.
His head whipped to the side at the sound of Rasi’s panicked voice in his head.
Bion can you hear me…. I need you to come to my temple… NOW.
What happened? Bion responded back.
Somehow, the beast has found his way into my temple.
I’m coming. Hold on. Bion didn’t waste any time as he pushed himself off the bed.
“Bion… talk to me… what’s wrong?” Anima asked, jumping off the bed.
He really didn’t want to tell her, but he wasn’t going to lie to her either. “Iraon is at the temple.”
“I’m coming wi-"
“NO!” Bion roared. “You will stay here.” His tone lowered, but remained stern.
“I will not stand by while you and my son are out there fighting for your lives.” She said her tone just as stern as his. She went to flash herself to Rasi’s temple, but Bion quickly grabbed her forearm. Using his powers he prevented her from leaving.
“I said you will stay here.” He almost growled at her. “I will not lose you again.” He couldn’t lose her again, not when he had just gotten her back into his arms.
“Bion, I will not stay here while you fight… I am going.” She tried to yank her arm free but his grip held tight. “Let go of me.’ She growled.
He would never let her go. “You will not go.” That he meant. He would do anything he could to keep her safe. There was only one way to make her stay. No doubt she was going to want to chew his head off later, but at least she would be safe.
His resolve set, he yanked her into his chest and wrapped his arms as tight as he could around her. She fought against him, but it was useless, the more she fought the tighter he held her.
“Bion.” She looked up at him.
Damn Alrik, he wanted to give into her but her safety came first.
“I’m sorry,” he whispered as he placed a kiss on her forehead.
What has he done. “Bion?” Suddenly, her lids felt heavy and her body drained. How could he do this to me?
He was taking away her powers. She knew he had great powers, but she never thought he would use them on her… showed how much she knew.
“I’m sorry.” That was the last thing she heard before she blacked out and her body went limp in his arms.
Gently, Bion laid Anima’s sleeping body on the bed and vanished into his son’s room….

“I hated myself for what I had done.”
Melody lifted her head and stared into Radien’s face. His eyes stayed focused on the canopy, refusing to meet her stare as her hand gently caressed his jaw. Her mind was trying its hardest to figure out how to tell him how much he had come to mean to her over the short time they had spent together.
Why was it so hard? She didn’t know. There was a part of her that was crazy about him and couldn’t stand for him to leave her, but that was also the part of her that scared her the most. What if he eventually grew tired or bored with her?
But that wouldn’t happen, right? He hadn’t grown tired of her yet. As it was, it seemed he couldn’t function right when she wasn’t around. His need to continually touch her drove him to do the most intriguing things to her body. Even now, though he wasn’t looking at her, his fingers softly caressed her spine.
A silent moan escaped her. She would never get tired of his touch, no matter how simple or innocent it was. “Radien…”
Finally, his eyes met hers. The dullness that she saw in them made her chest ache.
“What is it my beauty?” His voice felt like velvet to her ears.
“I… I…” Damn it. She still couldn’t get the words out. They were literally on the tip of her tongue and they refused to vocalize themselves. Now was one of the times she wished he would sneak into her head and see what she wanted to tell him.
“What’s wrong?” His voice became a little softer as his hand went from her spine to caressing her jaw.
“Radien,” she purred. She was tempted to rub her needing body against his, especially when they were both still naked and she could see him stirring as well.
“Just say what is on your mind.” He whispered.
Damn it. He knew, and that only made the words stick in the back of her throat. She tried to gulp down the lump in her throat. “I… lo…”
“RADIEN!”
Melody nearly jumped out of her skin when Bion appeared in front of their bed. When she saw him standing in front of them, she started to relax, until she focused on the expression on his face.
At once she and Radien sat up from the bed. Momentarily forgetting that she was naked under the sheets as she sat up they slid from the top of her body. Leaving her breast exposed. Only when she heard a dark growl come from Radien did she look down at her exposed skin. Her cheeks flaming she quickly covered herself. Not that she really needed to, because Bion hadn’t looked in her direction once since he entered the room. His gaze stayed locked on Radien.
Turning her head, she focused on Radien who had gone completely still. She wasn’t sure if he was even breathing.
This is not good. “Radi-“
“We have to go.” He cut her off hastily. Still not looking at her, he jumped up from the bed.
Clearly, being naked in front of his father was not a big issue… which made her wonder, just how many times had he caught his son naked. No, she took that back, she didn’t want to know. It would just make her mad. When she looked at his muscled body, she had to seriously fight the need to touch him… just a little pat on the butt. She bit her bottom lip.
Now was so not the time for these thoughts…

Radien didn’t know what pissed him off more, the fact that Melody was about to say the sweetest words he had ever heard and mean them when his father interpreted or the fact that Iraon was trying to break into Rasi’s temple, causing him to leave his bed and the comfort of his mate’s arms to protect the world.
Oh yeah, someone was seriously going to pay.
It was hard enough to tune out all the naughty thoughts that were playing in her head and his body’s violent reaction to her. Add to that she was still naked in his bed and he could smell her arousal. He was close to telling his father to go by himself.
Growling in frustration, he summoned clothes on himself and Melody. Feeling somewhat together now that Melody was covered, he turned to face his mate.
She was so beautiful and he hated what he was about to drag her into.
“What’s going on Radien?”
Her voice, even when she was anxious was music to his ears. “Iraon has found the location of the weapons and is attacking Rasi’s temple. I know you haven’t learned your powers yet, but I need you at my side. There is no doubt in my mind that we will be outnumbered.”
“The temple is being attacked now.” She jumped off the bed looking from him to his father then back to him. Her determination shining bright in her eyes. “Then let’s go. Why are we still here?” She walked over to him and he couldn’t help but watch the sway of her hips as she approached him.
He smiled, proud of his mate and pulled her into his body. He inhaled her scent.
“I love you.” He whispered into her ear. She gasped and looked at him with wide teary eyes. She went to speak, but a moment later the three of them were in Rasi’s temple.

Melody was left speechless by Radien’s confession. Before she could say anything they were standing in the middle of what she assumed was a treasure room. Turning around in a circle, she gaped at the décor of the massive chamber. There were columns lined up in two rows on each side of the room. At least 100ft tall they were carved with complex designs that she couldn’t make out. The floor of the chamber was made of thick squares of glass and the walls were a gray swirled marble. The aisle that the columns formed, led to a red and black jeweled chest that sat in the back of the room surrounded by a dozen more columns. The chest its self-had to be as tall as her and as wide as a tree trunk. Making her wonder just how big these so called weapons were.
To top it all off, there were no doors leading into the room. Which would make gaining access to the room nearly impossible… right?
“Took you long enough, I thought I was going to have to kick ass all by myself… oh, excuse my language I didn’t see that I was in the presence of such a beautiful female.” Rasi’s hypnotic voice washed over Melody, as her eyes focused on the tall and dreamily handsome man in front of them. He held a long staff in one hand and wore loose fitting clothes that seemed to move with his body. “Forgive me my lady.” He took her hand, bowing as he kissed the back of her knuckles. “I am Rasi.” He spoke, staring into her eyes, and suddenly she felt as if she was floating on air.
“Rasi.” She heard Radien growl.
“My apologies, Radien. You are well mated.” He winked at her before stepping away from her and focusing on Bion.
“We came as fast as we could.” Bion responded. “The Chest of Wrath?” Bion stated as he faced the oversized chest.
There was a loud bang against the far wall of the room, that gained everyone’s attention. The walls and the floor shook with the force of the impact.
“Prepare yourselves, this will not be an easy fight.” Rasi warned as he dropped into a fighting stance. Bion nodded and followed suit.
Get behind me. Radien ordered her, but she refused to use him as a shield. She could defend herself. She gulped… at least she hoped she could.
Growling at her after seeing that she wasn’t moving he too crouched into a fighting stance.
“No, it won’t be easy.” A female voice laughed.
Melody didn’t know where the voice came from as she glanced around the room. She didn’t see anyone, only heard the continuing pounding on the cracking wall. A few more hits and whatever was out there would be in there with them.
She looked at the three men around her and they all had grown completely still. Confused, she glanced over to Radien. He growled low in the back of his throat as his hands fisted at his sides.
It seemed she was the only one who didn’t know who the voice belonged to.
“But then again, killing all of you in one night should be fun.”
“Thana.” Bion and Rasi said simultaneously.
“Very good.”  She laughed a moment before a whirlwind went through the room and a black mist appeared around them and the chest. The wind disappeared and in its wake left the lethal and chilling beauty that Melody had seen before.
Melody instantly recognized her, not that she would forget a woman whose very aura promised a slow and painful death… she immediately wanted to run away but she stiffened her resolve.
“You… betrayed us.” Bion’s anger radiated from his body, making his hair stand on edge and his eyes glow wildly… but something else happened.
Did the mist just get thicker? She looked around. Something was seriously wrong. The mist continued to grow thicker it seemed and then it slowly disappeared. What in the hell was that?
 “Traitor.” Rasi spat.

Thana had to admit she was enjoying herself. The look of shock on their faces was priceless. Her tongue going across her teeth, she could taste their power already, could feel the blaze of it going through her body with every breath she took.
“Where’s Iraon?” Rasi demanded.
She narrowed her gaze on him. She hated Rasi more than she hated Bion. Grinding her teeth together, she cursed herself every day for ever having shared the same bed with him, even if it was just for one night. Especially when he had given her the best sex in her life, then when they were done, she had asked if he would return.
He had laughed… laughed in death’s face. After that he had proceeded to tell her how “un-enjoyable” it was for him. He had humiliated and devastated her ego more that Bion ever had.
You have such great taste in men…. don’t you. One is in love with dogs, the other a disappearing act. The current one is a beast made from evil itself and would kill you the moment he had a chance… yup all winners for the husband of the year. She should kill herself for her stupidity and weakness.
“Iraon… he’s around.” She laughed as she started to walk along the wall, scratching her nails across its surface. She could feel their eyes glued to her movement as her hand traced the deepening cracks in the wall. She stalled for time as Iraon worked inside the chest to get the weapons… but they didn’t have to know that.
Pounding… more pounding… and more pounding.
“Pathetic.” She whispered to herself. Like usual, she was going to have to help the creature do his job. With little effort she kicked the longest and deepest crack in the wall. The thick layer of rock crumbled and the devil came falling through the resulting hole in the wall.
She looked down at the creature as it scrambled back to its feet.
“Why is good help so hard to find these days?”

Something was wrong. Radien sensed it. They should be trying to tear each other apart by now. He knew for a fact that Thana was not the type to waste time in a fight. She was quick and deadly. She didn’t waste time.
“Damn it.” Radien cursed under his breath. There was only one place the beast could be… inside the chest. “Damn it.” He cursed again. How could he have not known that Iraon had used the mist to get into the chest and trip its lock?
Thana was stalling… it was a setup.
Melody. He had to protect her.
At the sound of his voice in her head, her ears twitched and she slightly cocked her head in his direction. Her eyes staying locked on Thana and the devil.
It’s a trap. Instantly she stiffened, her eyes scanning the area around her. He started to inch his way closer to her. He was an arm’s length away from her. He started to reach for her when the hairs on the back of his neck rose and a dark tingle traveled down his spine.
Thana laughed wickedly, the devil hissed. Bion and Rasi prepared themselves as Iraon’s dark essence engulfed the room.
“He’s here.” Thana practically purred with excitement. Then she cast a side look to the devil that licked his jagged teeth and fangs with its eyes focused solely on Melody…
This was not good.
Melody, get closer to me.
She nodded and started to inch closer to him. As soon as she took a step closer to him the devil’s serpent tongue shot out, wrapping around her throat. She gasped for air as she was yanked forward off her feet and into the air. The same time Thana attacked Rasi and Bion with black orbs, and then she turned to hand to hand combat, striking with lethal and deadly grace.
Growling, Radien instantly went after Melody, rushing towards the devil when Iraon appeared in front of him. A sinister smile placed on his face, as he held one of the Minori Weapons in his hand.
The Cascadian Hammer was a thing of beauty. Made of pure gold, it was a giant masterpiece of a weapon. The handle was long and thick, while the hammer head was rounded and flat in the front and spiked in the back… it was the perfect weapon for crushing bones. This was what Iraon no doubt intended to do with it.
Quicker than Radien anticipated Iraon swung the hammer. It hummed through the air and hit Radien in the side. The force of the blow sent him flying through two of the stone columns, breaking his ribs. He landed on the ground like a  bag of bones. He gasped for air as he struggled to pull himself to his feet. Every breath he took caused him excoriating pain, as his broken ribs pushed into his lungs.
“Take care of the female.” Iraon shouted the order to the devil.
NOOO!! Radien’s mind screamed. On the strength of his will power and the need to save his mate, Radien somehow managed to stand on his feet. His breathing still ragged, as sweat beads starting to form on his forehead from the energy he used to remain standing. His head was spinning and his keens buckled slightly. But he managed to stay upright.
When he locked his gaze on Iraon, the satisfied smile on his face caused a new wave of power to rush through and energize him.
“Feeling better, hound.” Iraon laughed as he grew closer to Radien.
Radien took a step forward. “You hurt her and I will gut you and feed your insides to the rest of the underworld beasts.”
“Really.” Iraon snorted as he twirled the giant hammer around. “I assure you that she will not be hurt.” The hammer vanished in mid air and was replaced with Iraon’s daggers.  “Not right away, at least.”
At that same moment Radien saw Aprophis use his tongue to toss Melody into Bion and Rasi, knocking them down. Then she was thrown back into the wall as it retracted its tongue back into its mouth.
Anger erupted through Radien making him forget about his pain as he roared with rage. He sprang at Iraon.
“That’s what I’m talking about.” Iraon smiled evilly as he gripped his daggers in his hands and charged at Radien…
Chapter 26

Melody staggered to her feet as she rubbed her bruised neck. Her whole body felt like it had been run over by a big rig. How she was still standing she didn’t really know. What she did know was that she had this hideous creature stalking towards her with hell in its eyes and she had no idea how to fight it.
Trust yourself.
She could hear Radien’s voice in her head. Out the corner of her eye, she could see him fighting Iraon. She flinched as Iraon’s dagger left a deep cut along Radien’s side. But to his credit, he didn’t go down, he blocked Iraon’s next attack and kicked him in the stomach with enough force to send him to the ground.
She wondered how he could focus on her when he was in the middle of slugging it out with Iraon… not that she had time to wonder long as she caught a glimpse of the devil tongue flying at her again. This time she was prepared and jumped out the way. The nasty thing went right past her head. Stretching her arm out, she gripped the devil’s tongue and twisted it. The devil hissed in pain and pulled its tongue back into its mouth. A second later she felt her hand start to burn like acid had been poured on her hand.
She screamed in pain.
What the hell? How was she supposed to fight something that could burn her like that?
Trust yourself…
Once again Radien’s voice was in her head.
“Ok.” She spoke to herself. Closing her eyes, she took deep breaths as she focused on her new found power while ignoring the burning of her hand.
Focus… focus. She repeated to herself over and over, blocking out the sounds of clashing metal and ripping flesh. The sound of evil laughs and growls faded into the background as she concentrated on the enemy in front of her. The sound of its hoofed feet grew closer. Suddenly an image of Radien, laying in her arms, smiling at her flashed in her mind, then was quickly replaced by the image of him laying half dead on the ground, bleeding to death and her name on his lips. Her heart rate quickened and then slowed as something inside her awoke.
Time seemed to have slowed or maybe that’s how fast she moved out of the way of a clawed hand coming toward her. Her body hummed with power and she felt the static of the different powers in the air around her. Her body glowed as another wave of power coursed through her stronger than anything she had ever felt. In an instant, before she could react, her bones felt as if they were breaking all over her body and being put back together in the wrong order. Next, she felt the coldness of the glass floor under her palms; she would have thought the cold floor would have cooled off some of the heat coursing through her body. The pain only seemed to get worse. She could no longer hear the voices or noises around her. All she knew was pain, as if her flesh was being peeled from her bones.
A horrifying scream ripped from her throat.

Everyone stopped their fighting at the sound of that scream. A scream so horrifying it made Aprophis cringe. The sound was worse than anything he had ever heard in the underworld. He didn’t know happened to the female. All he knew was that whatever she was going through wasn’t good for him.
Another scream rang out from the female, causing Aprophis to take several steps towards the hole in the wall. With one more scream, more intense than the last, her body went limp and dropped to the floor.
Looking around the room all eyes seemed to be focused on the lifeless female. Iraon looked down at the female with a satisfied smirk, Rasi stared wide eyed, Thana seemed to go completely pale, which was a great feat since she was already snow white. But it was the knowledge that shown in Bion and Radien’s eyes that warned Aprophis that the female was not dead.
“Looks like your little mate is dead,” Iraon laughed. “Let us finish.” He went to charge at Radien when a blinding light erupted from the female’s body, making all around shield their eyes.
This is not good. Aprophis thought as he felt the shift of power in the air. Yup, it was time for him to leave.
More light erupted from her body, engulfing her. Blinding Aprophis so that he couldn’t see the hound charging at him, the huge beast plowed into his body, knocking him through the wall and into the next chamber.
“Get your useless ass up.” He heard Iraon command before he blocked Radien’s attack and hit him with one of his own.
“Pathetic.” He heard Thana spit a moment before she turned around and was struck into the adjacent wall by Rasi and his staff. She quickly recovered and flipped to her feet kicking, Bion in the stomach in the process.
He had wanted to laugh at Thana, but as of right now, he had a pissed off hound female to deal with and she was advancing fast.
Even though, Aprophis had never been the dog lover, which included his so called mate, he had to admit that the female was a beautiful hound. With her pure white fur and glowing eyes, she looked like a creature of legend.
Rising to his feet, he elongated his claws as he spread his poison through his body. He hissed, three rows of jagged teeth showing as the female charged at him again, this time he was prepared and sidestepped her. Using his claws he ripped into her side, tearing her flesh open and his poison infecting her.
She howled in pain as her blood slowly dripped to the floor. He had expected her to fall to the floor and whiter in pain, die, or something… that’s what normally happened when he attacked a being with his claws. Instead, she faced off with him again, her teeth bared.
Hissing at her again, he charged at her, raising his claws to strike her again when a burning sensation spread through his chest. He felt it again and hissed in agony as he was sent flying back to the ground. His body screamed in pain. So much so that he shifted into his human form.
 “Devil.” She spoke to him and it had to the most perfect sound he had ever heard… it made him want to vomit. “You will pay for what you have done.” She placed a giant paw on his human body; slowly crushing every bone in his body. The pain he felt was indescribable. He was going to black out and the last thing he would remember was a giant white hair ball blasting him into a million pieces.

“What’s the matter? The two of you are moving slow. Is old age catching up with you?” Thana huffed as she ducked another attack from Rasi and Bion.
Rasi swung his staff and she moved out of the way, only to have Bion’s fist fully connect with her jaw and stomach knocking her off balance. It gave Rasi the chance to hit her across the back with his staff.  She stumbled forward and went to go down, but she caught herself and turned to face the two men.
“I see you have gotten better with a staff Rasi.” She mocked as she wiped a trickle of blood from the corner of her mouth. Just as she went to attack again, she noticed that Bion wasn’t in front of her.
That’s when she felt him wrap his arms around her, quickly knowing what he meant to do she vanished from his hold.

Bion and Rasi stared at each other. “Where did she go?”
“She’s still here. I can feel her.”
“Catch me if you can boys.” Her mocking laughter echoed in the room around them.
“She’s on top of the temple.” Rasi said. “Let’s go.” With that Rasi vanished.
“Damn it.” Bion cursed. He didn’t want to leave Radien behind, but he couldn’t let Thana escape or worse… kill Rasi. “Shit.” Bion cursed as he looked over to where his son was throwing blow for blow with Iraon.
Looking like he was handling his own, Bion decided to follow Rasi to the top of the temple.

“Come on hound is that all you got.” Iraon mocked as his fist shattered Radien’s jaw.
His jaw went slack for a few seconds before he could feel it setting back into place. As he glared at Iraon he could see Melody behind him readying to release a light orb into Iraon’s back.
On my mark. He told her. She nodded as she put more pressure on the devil’s human body.
“Your bitch has more fight than you.” Iraon went to attack Radien with his daggers.
Growling, Radien sidestepped the attack and elbowed Iraon in the back. The beast stumbled but didn’t go down.
NOW. He mentally shouted. Without a moment’s hesitation, she sent a light orb across the space between them.
“Master behind you.” The devil managed to shout.
Quickly, Iraon regained his balance and dodged the blast. Retaliating he shot a blast of his own at Melody.
The blast was enough to knock her and the devil back to the ground, but not enough to seriously injure her… that much Radien was thankful for.
Iraon quickly turned his attention to Radien, scowling at him as he instantly tossed one of his daggers into Radien’s leg. The weapon embedded it’s self into his flesh.
“You remember how my daggers work don’t you? Of course you do. You can feel it now… can’t you? The blade draining you of your powers.” Iraon laughed, then threw two more daggers into Radien’s torso. The first made contact with his stomach while the second wedged it’s self into his chest, narrowly missing his heart. He sank down to his knees, the pain he felt was like nothing he had ever known. His world began to spin as he noticed Iraon advancing towards his mate as she staggered back to her feet.

With victory within his grasp, Iraon stalked towards the female. As he approached her, he studied her. She was definitely something to look at. She might even be some fun to play with He would enjoy toying with her.
He licked his lips at the prospect. He liked her snarling, snapping at him and the devil as they backed her into a corner.
Yes. She had spirit, and he was going to enjoy breaking it.
“Put the collar on her.” He ordered the devil.

Ignoring the raging pain he was in, Radien yanked the daggers out of his body and tossed them to the floor. Weakly, with his blood continuing to flow out of his wounds, he made his way back to his feet. As quickly as his drained body could move he started towards Iraon.
I have to save her… The need to protect his mate was what pushed his legs faster when he felt he would collapse at any moment. He couldn’t let Iraon harm her.
“Great beast, behind you.” He heard the devil shout. Even with his surprise attack gone, he still advanced forward, never slowing his already slow speed. Through his darkening vision, he could see her snarling and snapping at them.
Get to her… just a little more… so close…
But it was too late. Iraon had known, had felt Radien’s rage. The more distance he closed, the closer Iraon knew he was. Iraon hadn’t turned around when the devil had shouted.
Radien felt panic and fear the likes of which he’s never known course through his damaged body. He was bleeding out quickly. He had such a short distance and he would be at Iraon’s back… but his body couldn’t move another step forward. He dropped to his knees as he watched horrified, his eyes bulging out of his head as he watched Aprophis change back into his devil form, long claws wrapped around her neck. She snarled and tried to attack him, but it was useless. The creature was crushing her throat. Hissing, the devil slammed her back into the wall, holding her so her underbelly was exposed.
Radien’s anger and rage filled him even more. Using the little breath he had, he shot a light orb at the devil’s arm. Making the creature hiss in pain and lose its grip on her throat. From the short distance he could see a collar attached around her neck… A collar he had never seen before.
With Iraon now focused on him, Radien tried to summon another orb, but Iraon had already sent a dagger flying at him. Noticing it too late, he couldn’t dodge the weapon and it was embedded into the center of his chest.
Iraon’s dark laugh filled his head as he howled in pain.
Then it happened in an instant, right before his eyes, he saw Iraon draw a heavy long and curved sword from behind his back and ram it into Melody’s stomach before her feet could touch the ground. She howled in agonizing pain as Iraon yanked the sword out of her stomach. Her life’s blood stained the glass beneath her as the light faded from her eyes. Her body fell to the floor.
The sound of her body hitting the floor echoed inside of Radien’s head as disbelief filled him. He stared, heartbroken, at his dying mate.
He had failed her…
“Such a shame. Look at what you did to her. If you had left her in her world she would have been safe.” Iraon darkly mused, “or maybe not.” He laughed as he held the sword in front of him and watched the deadly weapon absorb the blood that coated its blade. “Magnificent.”
Falling on all fours Radien bellowed with the weight of his grief. The entire temple rattled with the sound of his pain as he instantly changed into his hound form.

Melody didn’t know getting stabbed would hurt so badly, but it did. She had felt her insides being ripped apart by the sword’s blade. No longer could she feel her legs under her. She fell to the floor. As she felt her life drain out of her, she watched the utter pain and lose that washed over Radien before he shifted forms. In her mind, she admitted that even as a three headed dog he was the sexiest thing she had ever seen. The tip of his tail made of pure light, white light shining brightly in her darkness. She found herself trying to reach for that light. She recognized those glowing eyes, all of those glowing eyes.
Then she was gone…

Iraon ran his tongue across his teeth as he took in the rage and anger that poured from the hound in front of him. It was sweet nectar to him, feeding his powers, making him stronger than before.
 “Radien, you know better than to attack with anger in your heart.”Iraon laughed.
Radien snarled and bared his teeth.
“If that’s how you feel lets have our rematch.” Iraon growled as he changed into his beast form.
They charged at each other snarling and baring teeth. Clashing with each other as one massive body struggled for dominance over the other. Teeth tore away at flesh as claws embedded themselves in bodies, tearing away chunks of fur and flesh. Iraon’s tail wrapped around Radien’s body, the sharp tip cutting deep into his sensitive underbelly.
Radien growled as he struggled to break free of Iraon’s hold, but his strength was lacking even in his breed form. Iraon whipped his tail, sending Radien into the air. His body crashed through the four remaining columns and the wall behind him.
Iraon howled with triumph as he watched Radien struggle to get to his feet. There was no way the hound could beat him, not when he was wounded and worn out. Blood covered the glass floor under his paws, as blood dripped from the corners of his mouths. The light in both his tail and eyes were dim.
This fight is over. Iraon thought as he felt his power coursing through his body. He was energized and ready to put an end to this once and for all.
“Don’t worry, your female will live. I didn’t deliver the last blow. I will take excellent care of her.” Iraon’s dark voice boomed in the wrecked room. To add the icing on the cake he made sure to send a detailed mental image of what he planned to do with the female to Radien.
Radien’s eyes blazed with rage.
“I knew there was still some fight in you.” Iraon barked as he charged full force at Radien. His eyes black with the promise of death.
Radien managed to dodge Iraon’s attack, hitting the beast with his tail across his snouts. Iraon howled in pain. Radien could smell, hear the sizzle of burning flesh.
Iraon spun around, but the move was too late. Radien had already moved a good distance away and had fired a giant light orb at Iraon.
The beast had no time to block the attack. The orb hit him square in the chest, sending him through the wall. A thick cloud of dust and debris filled the air. Radien felt his legs shaking, his body was too weak. He had lost too much blood…
His ear twitched. He could hear the sound of faint breathing.
Quickly, he changed back to his human form.
Melody. His tired mind screamed. All injuries and weakness forgotten he limped his way over to her bloodied body. Melody… she was alive, relief flowed through him.
He went to nuzzle her when a sharp pain ran up and down his spine. He howled in pain as he felt the rest of his powers fade. He fell to his knees, holding his stomach. When he looked at his hands, they were covered in blood… his blood.
Iraon appeared in front of him, a wicked smile spread across his face. Behind him, Radien saw the shimmer of the hammer being raised.
“I… will… kill… you.” Radien coughed up blood. The last thing he remembered was the smug look on Iraon’s face as he raised the hammer. Then there was the unbelievable pain as the hammer made contact with the side of his face.
Instantly darkness came to him as he hit the bloodstained floor…

Iraon could hear every bone that cracked in Radien’s face and the satisfaction that filled him made chills cover his body.
“Master.”
He cringed inwardly at the sound of the creature’s voice. He had forgotten the spineless devil had been hiding in a corner licking his wounds like the pathetic thing he was.
“Great beast.”
 “What?” He sneered at the creature.
“Where are we going to put the girl?”
Such a useless creature. Iraon thought as he turned to face the devil and immediately wished he hadn’t. He almost vomited looking at the wounded thing. That disgusting skin of his had been burned completely off and hung loosely off his arm and side. The smell of rotten eggs and feces filled the air, making Iraon feel light headed. It was oozing black blood and slime all over the place. Deep claw marks covered the creature’s face. The injuries distorted the devil’s features more than they normally were.
“Put her in the dungeon.” Iraon ordered. The devil nodded and went to touch the female. “You stupid creature, if you touch her in that form you will infect her with more of your poison and you will kill her.” Iraon growled.
Quickly, the devil retracted its claws and changed into its human form.
Grateful he didn’t have to look at the creature’s natural form, he turned his back to creature and the female as they disappeared. Once again a wicked grin spread across his face as he looked down at Radien and his broken face.
“I think I could get used to these weapons.” He mused as he summoned the hammer in his hands again. Thanks to the powers of these weapons, any being or creature that was injured by one of the weapons lost their healing abilities.
Iraon loved it, especially as he raised the hammer above his head and brought it down on Radien’s legs. Beaten and broken, Radien could do nothing but groan in pain.
Satisfaction hissed in Iraon’s mind as he repeated the action on Radien’s arms.
“Now you die.” Iraon laughed as he twirled the hammer in his hands; holding it high above his head ready to bring the blow of death. Iraon brought the hammer down, cutting through the air with such force that if it had hit Radien it would have crushed his chest and broke him in half. Before Iraon could deliver his final blow, there was the blade of a sword he hadn’t seen in thousands of years, a weapon that stopped his final attack.
“That’s enough.”
“What are you doing here? Come to kill me.” Iraon growled in frustration at his intruder.
“Not yet… but I can’t let you do this.”
“Since when have you cared about them?” Iraon spat as he pulled back his weapon and stared eye to eye with his uninvited guest. Eyes the color of deep crimson stared at him in challenge.
“I don’t, but I have unfinished business… so, what will you do beast?”
Growling Iraon stepped away, weighing his options. Deciding that he had more important matters to attend to he reluctantly backed off. “This is not over.” He growled, then he was gone.
“No, it’s not.”
Chapter 27

Drifting in and out of consciousness, Radien struggled to make out the voices around him. Thru his pain, his mind relived the events that happened moments ago. He remembered the devil and Melody fighting, the sudden feeling of loss that consumed him… then darkness. Though he could clearly remember the demonic joy in Iraon’s eyes as he raised the hammer high above his head. Closing his eyes, he had waited for the hummer’s blow. It never came. Suddenly, there had been another presence in the room with them. A familiar voice, one that he hadn’t heard in years.
Jaden… 
What was he doing here?
As Radien worked his throat to ask why. He felt Jaden’s heated gaze on him as he knelt down beside him.
“We have unfinished business, you and I.” Jaden spoke softly, yet his voice continued enough venom that Radien, even with his barely functioning brain, could sense the promising threat that had been made. “Make sure you don’t get yourself killed before we’ve had our chat.” Jaden rose to his feet. “I’ll be seeing you,” with that Jaden’s presence vanished.
While his brother’s threat registered in his head, Radien found it hard to worry about his brother when he could no longer feel his mate’s presence and death was trying to consume him. His broken body lay on the glass floor Rasi’s temple, every limb broken after being nearly torn from his body. The metallic taste of blood filled his mouth as it flowed down his throat. Each strangled breath he took caused more and more pain to slice through him. There was no doubt that his ribs were broken and his lungs punctured.
As death threatened to consume him, his only thought was of Melody and how he had failed her. Iraon had taken her and there was no telling what he was doing to her now.
He tried to will his body to move, for his eyes to at least open, but he was nothing more than a huge blob of Jell-O. He couldn’t hold on much longer. But he had to… he had to get to Melody…

As Bion and Rasi stared at Thana, neither one of them could believe the depth of her betrayal.
How could she side with Iraon in the war against her own? The fact that she stood in front of them with a triumphant smile on her face made Bion’s blood boil.
“Your time is coming Bion and it will be me who watches you take your last breath, while that bitch of yours screams for you.” Thana laughed as a vortex of the dream world opened behind her. The air whipping around them as the gray sky of Dreamscape became consumed by the vortex; connecting the dream realm to the Neither Realm.
“Thana, you have doomed yourself to destruction.” Rasi’s hypnotic voice was as hard as stone.
“It is you who will die and I will be the one to watch as you take your last breath… you deceitful bitch.” Bion shot a blast from his hand. His attack missed as Thana fell backwards into the vortex. The gray and black swirl engulfed her body and then she was gone.
“Does she know how to kill you?” Bion heard Rasi ask as they both stared into the space where Thana had disappeared.
“I…” As Bion opened his mouth to answer Rasi’s question a sharp pain coursed through him. He dropped to his knees, gasping for air. He clenched his fist over his heart as the pain increased.
“Bion?” Rasi’s hand clamp down on his shoulders, trying to heave him to his feet. His body wouldn’t move. “What’s wrong?” Rasi’s panicked voice echoed in Bion’s ear.
“Radien,” he whispered between gasps for air. His chest heaved up and down as sweat broke out across his forehead.  His vision blurred and then blackened, his body going numb. Just as quickly as the pain came it was gone. His breathing returned to normal as he regained feeling in his body. Taking deep breaths, he gathered himself from the floor. “Radien…”
Rasi nodded and instantly they were inside the base of the temple.
As Bion appeared his eyes quickly focused on the limp body of his son lying in the middle of the blood covered room. Bion flashed himself to Radien’s side. With his heart racing in his chest, he couldn’t comprehend what he was seeing.
“Radien,” Bion whispered as he touched his son’s cold body. He couldn’t be dead.
 His mind screaming in denial, he placed two of his fingers on the side of Radien’s neck feeling for a pulse.
Nothing…
Refusing to let his panic show, Bion stared into Radien’s chest. His gaze penetrated through flesh and bone, he needed to see if his son’s heart was still intact and if there was any way of saving him. If Radien died there was no telling what kind of hell Iraon would unleash with Melody’s blood and powers.
Bion stared long and hard into Radien’s chest. “Thank Alur.” Bion said a prayer of thanks to the life stream as he saw Radien’s faintly beating heart. Closing his eyes, he placed his hands over Radien’s chest, focusing all his powers to heal what he could of his son as he chanted the ancient words.
He could feel his power rising in him as he chanted. His voice grew in tempo and range as he found a steady rhythm. He glowed brightly as his healing powers passed into his son’s damaged body.
Opening his eyes, Bion watched as the bone sticking out through his skin snapped back into place. The skin fusing back together. He pushed himself until all the bones that had been broken was repaired. Exhausted, Bion sat back on his heels. Saving his son from death, again, had taken more out of him than he thought it would.
“Looks like you’re getting old Bion.” Rasi joked as he stood next to Bion. His relief was reflected in the change of his tone of voice. “He still doesn’t have his color back.”
Bion snorted at Rasi’s first comment. “He needs blood.”
“Then come my old friend and let’s tend to our boy so we can kick some beast ass.” Rasi offered his hand helping Bion to his feet.
“What of Thana?”
“She was the beast I was referring to.”  Rasi joked as he slapped Bion on the back of the shoulder.
Bion shook his head at his longtime friend. Just leave it to Rasi to make jokes when the whole universe was in danger.
Bion looked down at Radien. Because of Thana this happened… the traitor was going to pay for her actions. But first he had to nurse his son back to health.
Bending down, Bion lifted Radien’s body up and onto his shoulder. Adjusting his weight so the neither one of them was uncomfortable or in pain, he looked to Rasi, who had gotten extremely quiet as he looked around the destroyed room.
“What is it?” Bion asked. As he looked around the room, he knew what was wrong. Iraon had the weapons and a Trinitymate...”He has them.”
Rasi nodded.
 Bion paused for a moment. He wanted to go after the beast, but his son needed him. “I will see you once I have taken care of Radien.”
Rasi nodded and once again an uncomfortable silence settled in the air. His gaze going to some far off place.
“What’s wrong Rasi?” 
“Nothing.” Rasi quickly respond.
Bullshit. Bion thought, but before he could say as much Rasi continued.
“Take him and prepare him for battle. Radien will need all his strength and his mate if we are to win.” Rasi turned and started to walk away. “I will come by later.”
Deciding to let Rasi’s weird behavior go for now, he walked over to the vortex that connected the Dreamscape to Oblivion and stepped through tightening his hold on Radien.
Hold on. He mentally projected as the vortex engulfed him and Radien. On the other side, he flashed himself to his bedroom in the palace.

I am going to kill Bion for this. Anima thought as she paced the bedroom floor. She couldn’t stand the thought of her men being out fighting when she was forced to stay where she was. What made it worse was the slicing pain that went through her a few moments ago. She didn’t know what caused the pain, but she was sure that whatever it was, it wasn’t going to bring good news.
As if to confirm her sense of dread, she felt Bion’s presence in the room an instant before he appeared. As soon as she eyes on him and what he was carrying in his arms, her heart felt as if it had fallen out of her chest and onto the floor. Tears immediately started to form in her eyes.
“Radien.” Her voice cracked. Her baby,  her handsome son lay limp in his father’s arms covered in his own blood.  His beautiful black hair was matted to his head and caked with blood. The white in his hair was now crimson red from where the blood had absorbed into its loose strands.
She couldn’t speak as Bion walked past her and stepped up the platform of their bed. Gently, Bion placed their son on top of the sheets. Once he had his arms free, he took a few steps away from the bed and held his hand over Radien’s forehead.
“I healed him as best I could. The major wounds are sealed, but they will take time to heal. I cannot replace the blood he has lost.” He didn’t look at her as he focused on healing as much of his broken son as he could.
“Get his brothers. Surely, they will be willing to help.” Anima said hoarsely. She would offer her blood, but it wasn’t strong enough to restore him the way he needed to be restored. Bion’s blood wouldn’t have worked because he was a universe, their blood was something that no living creature could have… not even his son.
“Watch over him until I return.” Bion’s hand fell to his side. Finally, he faced her and what she saw in his face and eyes spoke volumes. Pain, hurt, anger, grief and sadness played out over the features of his face. He was weak from the healing he had done and his sluggish pace as he stepped towards her showed it.
“I am sorry Anima. I didn’t see it coming.” His voice was filled with remorse as he approached her and took her face in his shaking hands. The intensity of his stare burned her all the way to her soul. Someone was going to pay for what was done that much she was sure of. “She will not go unpunished.”
She didn’t know who he meant, but she nodded anyway.
Determination shinning bright in his eyes, he stepped from her and vanished from the room.
With Bion gone, Anima walked to the bed, sitting down beside her bloodied and battered son. Preparing herself for what she was about to see, she pushed the blood caked hair from his face. Even with Bion’s healing she could see the bruises that covered his face. Those black and purple marks would take time to heal.
“My son… my beautiful baby, what have they done to you?” She whispered. She felt tears starting to form behind her eyes, but she refused to let them fall. She wasn’t a crier and she didn’t plan on starting now. Especially not when her son needed her to be strong.
Needing to reassure him that she was there, she placed her hand on top of his. As much as she tried to fight tears, a single tear fell from her cheek and onto the bed as she felt the coldness of his skin. As she touched him, she used her powers to look back into the past and see what had happened to him. When she saw the fight play out in her mind, the hound in her stirred. Her eyes turned coal black as she saw Thana betray them to Iraon…
Growling, she swore she would have the bitch’s head on her mantel.
Radien shifted in his sleep and she placed a hand on his forehead to calm him. She jerked her hand back, shocked at how hot his skin was. Once again, he shifted on the bed, this time murmuring words she couldn’t understand.
 “Shhh, my son, I am here.” She spoke softly into his ear. She eased his head in the cradle of her arms and positioned herself so that she wasn’t straining his neck. She stroked his matted hair, her fingers becoming tangled in the blood coated strands. As she comforted him, the first time she looked into his eyes played back in her mind. The pain she went through giving birth to her son had been enough for her to wish death on herself. But nothing was worse than the emptiness she felt when she had been away from him.
There wasn’t a minute that went by that she didn’t think about him, she never thought she would have him back in her arms and it hurt her to her soul to see her son broken like he was.
“Dream peacefully my son.” She kissed his cold forehead. He was so close to death that she couldn’t bare it. She had him in her arms again and nothing was going to take him away from her again.

The wind whipped through the stoned dungeon, making the flames of the torches dance against the walls. The flames light illuminated the dungeon in a translucent orange glow, while the chains, hanging from the ceiling, rattled against the gust of the wind. The sound of rusted metal echoed through the room as Iraon came through the heavy door. Thousand year old bones were crushed under the weight his boot heel as he neared the center of the room where his latest prize lay.
It had been a long time since he’d last used the dungeon. He missed the screams of the tortured filling his ears. The sound of flesh being ripped from its bone… he got chills just thinking about it.
Walking up to the cage in the middle of the room. The smell of fresh blood drifted into his nose.  He stared down at the captured female. He had to admit that even bloodied and near death, she was something to look at. Her fur had been white and as soft as cotton.
He wanted to taste her. He frowned at the unwanted thought.
“Iraon.”
His attention went from one female to another as he felt Thana’s presence behind him. “What is it?” He asked, already annoyed with her presence.
“I take it you didn’t kill him.” Her voice was in his ear as her hands came across his chest.
“What makes you think that?” Her constant touching and groping was starting to irritate him. He waited for her answer as he continued to look at his captured prize.
“Your body’s tense.” Leisurely her hands continued to roam down the cuts of his stomach. Next time he would remember to put a damn shirt on.
“That’s because you’re touching me.” He gritted out, but still his attention remained focused on the cage. Abruptly her hands left his body and she appeared in front of him so close the tips of their noses touched. “Move.”
“Why? So you can stare at this pathetic female?” A sly smile spread across her face. “A female you can never have. She is pure light and you… you are pure evil, darkness. She will never want you.”
“This coming from the whore of Oblivion.” Iraon coldly stated as they stared each other down. Blissful outrage sparked in her orange gaze. Instantly, his powers fed off of her violent anger.
Taking deep breaths, Thane forced herself to calm. “Iraon.” She sighed, then vanished, only to reappear behind him with her hands once again on him.
“Don’t you have anything to do… if not, go keep the devil company.” He growled and jerked away from her touch, walking to the other side of the cage.
“You forget who I am don’t you, beast? I’m not some playmate for that disgusting creature.” She moved to stand on the other side of the cage.
“You’re a playmate for any creature.” Iraon darkly laughed.
“Don’t forget, that without me, you wouldn’t have those weapons and you wouldn’t have caught that female without my help or that collar.” Her hands on her slim hips, she glared at him through the bars of the cage.
She did have a point. If she hadn’t shown him the place where the weapons were hidden he wouldn’t have found them. But as for the collar around the female’s neck, she didn’t need to know that he knew how the item worked and where he could get another. Instead, he ignored her and refocused on the female in the cage.
He had made sure his lair was well hidden in the Neither World. Radien was going to go insane looking for her. By the time he found her it would be too late. She would be his.
“Even in his weakened state, you couldn’t kill him.” She was in his ear again.
Iraon ground his teeth together as a tic worked in his jaw.
“Want to know why? Because you’re as weak as the devil you keep as a pet.”
The insult echoed in his mind. His hands twitched with the need to wrap around her throat and choke her till she turned blue in the face. “Weak.” He growled.
“Weak and pathetic, I think the devil has more balls than you do.” She laughed in his face.  She was baiting him, he knew it. She wanted a reaction out of him… well, she got it.
The next instant his hand was wrapped around her neck, crushing her windpipe. His eyes blazed red, then turned black. “Do not compare me to that disgusting creature. He and I are not the same, you would be wise to remember that.” He snarled at her. She gasped for air. Tossing her against the wall, her body cracked the worn down stones.
As Thana rose to her feet, she had to admit that she had underestimated his growing powers. They have grown considerably since he had gotten the weapons. Not that she was really concerned, no matter how strong he was, he could never kill her, but she was going to have to be more careful around him. That throw had actually hurt her.
He was going to pay for that.
“Now, wasn’t there something you had to do?” He said, dismissing her, his attention going back to the female in the cage.
Yes, she did have something she had to do. “We will finish this later.” She blew him a kiss and vanished.
Iraon waited a few moments before he too vanished from the room.
Chapter 28

Adien sat in his luxurious Upper East Side apartment with his feet propped on his glass coffee table, watching the latest basketball game on his large high definition flat screen TV. More like the game was watching him. He had stopped paying attention to the TV ten minutes ago when a sharp pain went through his body. He felt as if he had been hit in the head with a brick… no, make that a boulder. Something was seriously wrong and his body could sense it. He just didn’t know exactly what it was.
“Shit.” Adien cursed as he dropped his head back over the couch. His skull felt as if it was going to split apart. He closed his eyes, hoping it would relieve some of the pressure and pain…
As soon as his vision was covered it darkness an image flashed before him. He frowned but kept his eyes closed as the image started to become clearer.
“Radien?” At least he thought it was. He stared at the image before him, of his brother’s massive body lying broken and battered on a glass floor. Blood pooled from under him, giving Adien the impression that his brother had been stabbed in the back. Deep would be his guess, from the way his blood was spreading on the floor.
Adien shook his head to clear. He refused to think that was Radien. I really need to lay off the drinking.
Not that he really cared anyway, especially after… yeah, he really didn’t want to think about that night… the night he lost his closest friend and brother. He refused to care about Radien or what happened to him.
Right, so why did he have this need to go and check on him to make sure he was ok.
“He’s dead to you, idiot. Don’t you dare show compassion towards him. He is no longer your brother.” Disgusted with himself for giving a rat’s ass about his so called brother, Adien pushed himself off his sofa and walked down the hall into the kitchen. Grabbing a shot glass from one of the overhead cabinets, he opened a bottle of his favorite vodka and poured himself a drink.
After several drinks, he was nowhere near drunk enough for his own liking. As he poured another shot, the air around him whirled and he felt the immense power of his father behind him.
“Hello father, to what do I owe this honor.” He turned to face his father just as he appeared.
“You need to come with me.”
The urgency in his tone would have sent a message to anyone not to ask questions and go, and to go in a hurry given the vision he just had, but not Adien.
He didn’t care too much for his father either.
“For what?” He asked dully as he leaned back on the counter top and took a sip of his drink.
“I don’t have time to explain it right now, but if we do not hurry your brother will die… come… NOW.”
So that vision wasn’t just my imagination… too bad. He used his index finger to stir his drink, his eyes glued to the movement of the liquid in the glass. “I’m sure you didn’t leave your favorite son lying in a pool of his own blood.”
Adien didn’t bother to look at his father as he downed the rest of his drink, then disappeared into the living room… at least he tried to leave but, like always, his father held  him where he was.
“I don’t have time for your shit.” He growled. “You can go willingly or I will take you myself. Which is it going to be?” Bion’s eyes glowed brightly with the weight of his anger.
Adien hadn’t seen his father this upset in a while. It amused him, but he sobered. Turning back to his empty glass, he went to pour himself another drink. “Why me, go and find Jaden to do all this life saving crap.” Because if he did it that would mean that his blood would be in his ungrateful brother making them forever aware of each other’s emotions, and he really didn’t want to be any closer to his brother than they were now, which meant very far apart.
“Jaden is not an option.”
Adien scuffed.
“What will it be?” Bion crossed his arms against his chest, his eyes fixed on Adien, awaiting his answer.
“Damn it… lets go.” He downed the rest of his drink, slamming it down on the table. Even though he hated his brother he couldn’t let him die, the world would be a pretty scary place if that happened.
Bion nodded and they both vanished from the kitchen to Oblivion.

When he appeared in the room the smell of blood hit his senses, so hard he had to take a step back and take a deep breath to get his self together.
“Anima,” Bion called to her as he walked to the bed.
Adien stared at Anima as she held Radien’s head close to her chest. With her eyes closed see seemed to be in a far off place.
Bion called to her again, still she didn’t respond or lift her head as Bion walked up and stood beside her. She just sung and rocked her beloved son…
All of which made Adien sick to his stomach. He couldn’t understand why his brother had to have it all, while he wasn’t able to be held by his mother, shit he barely remembered what she looked like. It wasn’t fair. Why was he the only one left alone as the hole in his heart grew larger? Though he had more women than he could count, they didn’t truly care for him. They didn’t show that type of love or devotion, all they saw him for was his looks and money. They didn’t care about the male he really was but what he could do for him.
No, he took that back, Persephone had looked at him like he mattered. Or so he had thought. He had actually thought she cared for him when all she had wanted was his brother, a brother who he hated with every fiber of his being, a brother who wasn’t a brother to him but an enemy… a brother who needed him to live. The worst part of it was that deep down Adien knew that if the roles were reversed Radien wouldn’t hesitate to save him, unfortunately, knowing that made him step forward when his father motioned him to the bed. When he stepped onto the platform of the bed and was actually able to see his brother up close. The sight left him speechless.
Blood, caked in dried clumps in his hair, left it matted to his head. His face was black and blue. It was easy to see that he had been beaten in the face with some serious shit. Adien’s eyes roamed over the bed, even though Radien’s body was covered by the sheets he knew there was much more damage hidden under the sheets. Adien had a hard time telling if Radien was actually breathing or not.
“Adien, give me your hand.”
He looked at his father’s outstretched hand and placed his hand in his.
Bion gripped his hand tight and grabbed on to Radien’s hand that lay beside Anima’s thigh.
His father’s eyes locked on to Anima’s and the love that shined in them fueled the jealously already making its way through his body. He wished he had that in his life, and as he felt his blood being transferred from him to his brother, he imagined what it would be like to have that kind of love.
Blinking himself out of his thoughts, he averted his gaze from Anima feeling suddenly exposed. He focused his attention to his half dead brother. He watched as the color slowly started to return to his face and his breathing became noticeable again.
Suddenly, Adien felt himself sway on his feet. His head was suddenly feeling light and his vision was becoming hazy.
“A little more.”
He heard his father, but couldn’t fully comprehend what he was saying. Honestly, he didn’t even know how he was standing on his own feet. Again he swayed, he thought that time he would land on the floor, but he felt a pair of soft hands on his back giving him support.
“Thank you.” He replied breathlessly.
Just as he felt he was going to black out his father let go of his hand. He had to brace himself on the edge of the bed, but through all his haze he could hear Anima’s elegant voice telling him to be strong. For reasons, he didn’t plan on looking into her encouragement energized him and made him a little steadier on his feet. When he felt like he had himself together enough, he slowly stood straight up. His head still feeling light, he closed his eyes and rubbed the bridge of his nose.
“What happened to him?” He asked as he went from rubbing the bridge of his nose to massaging his throbbing temples.
“Thana betrayed us to Iraon.” He could feel Bion’s outrage with each word that was spoken.
“Thana?”
“They ambushed us at Rasi’s temple and took the weapons-”
“And they took Melody.” Anima quickly threw in as she reclaimed her seat beside Radien, placing his head back into the cradle of her arms as she tried to untangle his matted hair.
“Iraon took his mate?” Adien eyes focused on Bion, because if he continued looking at that tender motherly love, it would be his undoing in his weakened state.
Bion nodded, his eyes glowing slightly brighter. It was obvious the female had grown on him. Adien figured his father must be feeling half of the rage and anger that Radien was going to feel when he came to.
”Shit,” Adien cursed under his breath.
Great, just fucking great… could things get any worse? He didn’t think so.
Out the corner of his eye, he saw Radien start to jerk around in his sleep. He watched as Anima quickly comforted him, singing softly as he settled back down. Another twinge of jealously rolled through his body, but he couldn’t turn away. The smile that spread across her face almost made Adien puke. Suddenly, he felt as if the walls of his own emotions were starting to close in around him.
It wasn’t fair. Here he was nearly bleeding to death to save his brother and like always, it was Radien who was cared for and treated like something precious and irreplaceable, getting all the love and attention, while he was the one alone and left to lick his own wounds.
Yeah, he really didn’t like his dearest brother.
I need to get the hell out of here.
“Adien,” Bion called out to him.
His head snapped towards his father so hard that he was surprised he didn’t break his neck. He glared at his father and that knowing look on his face. He hadn’t noticed that his father had been quietly watching and observing him while he observed his brother.
Pissed off and embarrassed he was caught wanting something he couldn’t have, he stormed away from the bed, ready to leave the room.
“Adien…”
His back to his father, he cast a murderous look over his shoulder. “Spare me the lovey dovey shit. I did what you asked.” He turned his head back around and continued to walk towards the bedroom door. “I’m going,” he threw up the peace sign and vanished from the room.
Chapter 29

Two Days Later…

Darkness and the sound of roaring thunder surrounded him. His legs burned from exhaustion. He had been running for what seemed like days, looking… searching for her. His eyes continued to scan the never ending darkness as the sound of thunder grew louder. Bolts of lightning parted the sky.
 He had to find her. If he didn’t she would be lost to him forever, but his body was tired, his legs were weak and ready to give out from under him.
Where are you?
Then he saw it, a bright blinding light. His legs worked at their own accord, taking him through the darkness faster than he thought his tired body could go.
She’s there. His mind screamed as he raced towards the light. The brightness of the light continued to grow brighter then finally it started to dull and take form. He stopped dead in his tracks a few feet away. His eyes stayed glued to the feminine form that started to appear. As she solidified before him, he wanted to drop down to his knees and cry.
“Radien.”
Her voice was music to his ears. It had been so long since he had last heard her voice. His head was empty without her.
“My beauty,” he couldn’t move as his eyes followed her graceful steps toward him. She stole his breath with her beauty. She was even more beautiful, than the last time he had seen her, in her strapless red dress. It complimented her skin tone and the slit, that exposed her thick thighs, made him rock hard.
“Radien,” she had finally reached him and her hands cupped his face. He flinched at the unexpected coldness of her touch… something was wrong. Her hands were ice cold and her skin was too pale.
“Melody,” he pulled her into his body and he shivered. His panic reached an all-time high as he stared into her dull eyes. There was no light in her eyes, they were almost lifeless… she was so cold.
“You’re so warm.” Her teeth chattered. “I’m so cold.” She shivered and wrapped herself around him.
He held her tightly, his hand holding the back of her head as he hoped his heat would warm her. He didn’t know what was going on, she shouldn’t be this cold. He needed to warm her. He didn’t need her freezing to death…
Death. The word crashed against the walls of his mind. But, she couldn’t be dead… right? If she was there was no way he could touch her like this even if he was in the dream realm.
“Sit. Let me take care of you.” He eased her down into the darkness. The thunder gave way to a moonlit night sky and the beach, they first met on. The wind whipped around them and he saw chills spread over her arms. Quickly, he wrapped her cold body in his arms.
“I’ve missed you.” She whispered into his chest.
“I have missed you as well.” Missed her was an understatement. He was empty without her, lost even. “Where are you?” He held her tighter. “Help me find you.”
“I don’t know… all I know is the cold.”
He looked down at her, her teeth shattered and her lips had turned blue.
“Melody,” his voice cracked a little.
“You have to find me… Radien, you have to wake up.” Her voice was barely above a whisper.
“I will find you.”
“I’m scared… I don’t want to leave you.”
He was scared too, terrified actually, but he wasn’t going to let that stop him. “I don’t want to leave you either.”
She gave him a weak smile and then laid her head back on his chest as he stared out at the ocean.
“I’m so cold.” Her voice was faint.
He looked down at her and saw her body fading, and then just like that she was gone. Leaving him alone and empty as the darkness returned. The roaring of the thunder and lightning grew even louder.
He bellowed into the darkness, he needed to wake up, to find her, to save her…

Black Forest (Neither World)

Sofaria ran through the thick trees of the forest that surround Iraon’s lair. She needed to feel the freedom of running to clear her head. For the last few days all that consumed her mind was the image of Kelly laying lifeless on the floor. Ever since that night she had been thinking of every way she could kill Aprophis.
Just thinking of him made her snarl and her body fill with rage. She was going to rip his body apart with her bare teeth. All she needed was for Iraon to tell her where he was keeping the disgusting creature, but every time she approached him about it he would laugh. Him and that dead looking woman he always had following him around would look at her as if she was stupid or ignored her like she didn’t exist.
She hated that woman. She was arrogant and obnoxious. Sofaria would have been torn her throat out, but something inside her warned her that trying to do so would be the last thing she ever did. So, she left it alone… for now anyway. As for Iraon, she liked him. When he looked at her it set fire to her body.
Her legs pushed her faster through the woods as her arousal grew.
She wondered how he would be. She knew he would be rough, maybe even hurt her, but she still wanted him. She would enjoy it. She knew she would, she would…
The faint smell of old blood hit her snouts. She skidded to a halt taking in the smell. She scanned the woods. There. The scent came from the western side of the forest. She took off running in that direction. The closer she got, the more familiar the scent became.
Her legs pushed her faster as she chased the scent through the darkness of the woods. She ran until she came to a cave opening. Changing back into her human form, she covered herself in a T-shirt and a pair of jeans as she carefully crept towards the opening. Through her senses she took the scent of both fresh and stale blood. Following the stale smell, she walked through the cave, until she saw a door with light coming from it. She approached the door. Her heart was pounding so hard she could hear it in her head along with her own breath.
What is this? She thought as she gripped the door by its rusty handle and shoved it open. She peered into the room, it looked like a simple dungeon except for the huge cage in the center of the room, and its suffering occupant, whose blood had led her there.
Melody…?
What exactly had she walked into? Dread built up inside of her as she drew closer to the cage. She paid no attention to the sound or the feeling of decaying skulls as they cracked under her bare feet.
“Melody,” Sofaria stood in front of the thick bars of the cage, staring at the female hound in front of her. The poor creature was barely alive. Bending down, she examined the female. Her once white fur was now caked and covered with blood. The continuous smell of fresh blood drew her attention to the small flow of blood that came from the cage.
She wanted to weep for the woman. She remembered all too well the kind of physical pain she was suffering, how Aprophis would beat her until she was almost dead.
“Melody,” sighing, she hoped to get some type of response. But only her ears twitched, other than that the hound was unresponsive.
“I’m good at capturing animals aren’t I?”
She jumped at the sound of Iraon’s dark voice behind her. Standing up, she turned to face him. As she looked at him, the darkness that surrounded him drew her in. So much so, that she didn’t completely register what he had just said.
“She’s a beautiful creature.” He spoke as he stared past Sofaria, into the cage. “She put up quite a fight.” He mused as his gaze finally locked onto hers, sending dark chills down her body. Slowly, he started to circle her and the cage “I didn’t expect her to fight as hard as she did, especially for her first transformation… I was impressed.”
Obviously. Sofaria thought darkly as she continued to watch him, the cage separating them as mix of emotions coursed through her. Watching him closely, she saw that his body was knotted with tension as his gaze focused on the cage. Sofaria didn’t have to be a mind reader to know that the wheels in Iraon’s head were turning. She only wondered what devastation would lay in its wake after it was all said and done.
In watching him with the female, she realized something she hadn’t noticed before. Why was she still in her hound form? Sofaria thought. This was bad, seriously bad. If she didn’t turn back into her human form and heal, she was going to bleed out before long.
“There’s nothing to worry about. I can’t let her die just yet. I have plans for her.” Something flashed in his black eyes as he walked around the cage. Kneeling down, Iraon stared long and hard into her eyes. “Having her with me will torture Radien worse than her being dead. No doubt, he will come looking for her soon.” Iraon mused as he reached his hand into the cage and patted her fur. “We are going to have a lot of fun.” Iraon then whispered into her ears.
 If Sofaria hadn’t known any better she would have sworn a low growl echoed from the hound. With a dark and low chuckle, Iraon snapped his fingers. In a cloud of black smoke, the beaten down hound turned into the female Sofaria recognized. She stared at her lying naked in the cage, the last sense of morals she had made her cover the broken body in a black sheet.
“How sweet of you,” Iraon laughed as he rose up from his kneeling position and approached her with dark intent. The darkness that emitted from him made her want to shrink back into herself, yet at the same time, she wanted to strip him of his clothes and have her way with him.
“Such a dirty mind,” he whispered into her. His body pressed into hers as his warm breath made goose bumps break out across her neck. When he backed about an inch away from her, the dark arousal she saw in his dark gaze made her shiver.
Focus. She told herself. Blinking several times, she regained some of her composure and once again her gaze went to the woman in the cage. She couldn’t leave her like that. She owed it to the female to help her, especially after what happened with Kelly.
“Don’t go and get any ideas…” She felt the back of his knuckles trace her jaw line. Nervous, she refocused her gaze on him. “I would hate to kill you.” The tips of his fingers ran down her neck and she made the mistake of closing her eyes to savor his touch.
His touch sent a fire she had never known through her body and she would have moaned from the sensation if Iraon’s hand wasn’t suddenly wrapped around her throat, slowly crushing her windpipe. Quickly, she gripped his hands with her own in an effort to free herself, but it was useless. She struggled for air, but it didn’t matter how strong she was or how hard she fought, he was much more powerful than her and with her renewed rage she was fueling his powers she could not break free.  By her neck, he picked her off the ground, her feet kicking in the air. Her eyes, widened in panic, locked onto his expressionless face. His coal colored eyes promised death should she do anything to interfere with his plans.
With the continuous loss of oxygen to her brain she began to feel dizzy, her vision blurred, and her struggles were becoming less and less. At that moment, she wished she could rip out his throats and have them for breakfast.
“I love it when you think about ripping my flesh apart.” His hand still cutting off her air, he pulled her face to face with him. “It seriously turns me on.” The next moment Sofaria felt herself being thrown to the floor. She laid there for a moment dragging air into her body. When she looked up again Iraon was gone.
Gathering herself, she rubbed her bruised throat and pushed herself from the floor, cautiously walking back to the cage. Thinking about the kind of pain this female must have endured at the hands of Iraon made Sofaria’s heart weep for her own suffering. She cringed at the extent of his brutality. Seeing her in her human form wasn’t much better than seeing her in her hound form. Her long hair was matted to her head from the blood that had soaked into it; some of which came off in Sofaria’s hand as she touched a few loose strands that hung on the outside of the cage. The smell of dried blood and ruined flesh bounced off the stoned walls of the dungeon.
Using her powers she tried to stop as much of the bleeding as she could, which wasn’t much, but it took an ample amount of her powers to heal what she could. Now she was bruised and exhausted but she refused to rest. The female needed help and if she didn’t do something the female would die, that she couldn’t allow. She rose to her feet with her mind set on finding the one person she knew would help her…

It had been two days and Radien still lay in the same spot Adien had first seen him in. Sure, some of his color had returned and his breathing was much stronger, but the fact that he had yet to wake up bothered Adien.
The fact that he still cared annoyed him, but if a being as strong and powerful as Radien could be left in such a near death state from one battle, of which he was sure there was going to be many, then what hope would there be for those who are weaker. That’s the reason Adien gave himself every time he thought about what happened to his brother. He refused to acknowledge that the concern he had was brotherly love, or any type of love for that matter.
“He’s doing a lot better.” Anima’s elegant voice came from beside him.
Standing in front of the bed, lost in his own thoughts, he hadn’t heard her return.
“He’s dreaming now. The nightmares have stopped.” He could feel her gray eyes on the side of his face. It made him uncomfortable to be under her heavy gaze.
Feeling as if he had spent more than enough time checking on his brother, he nodded at Anima’s statement and turned to leave the room. He could have just disappeared out of the room, but for a reason he couldn’t explain he felt that it would be rude to just up and leave like that.
“Adien.” She called after him.
His feet stopped even though he willed them to keep moving. Slowly, he turned around to face Anima and immediately wished he hadn’t. The concern for him that resided in her eyes and on her face was too much for him to bear, he didn’t want her concern. He refused to let himself soften any more towards her. He didn’t need her concern or anyone else’s, he was fine by himself.
“He knows you’re here.” She continued as her stormy eyes continued to hold him captive against his will. “In his sleep, he calls for you.”
Adien had no words for what he just heard. But the shock of what she just told him must have showed on his face, because a soft smile played on the edge of her royal face. However, he recovered his senses quickly and made his face emotionless.
“If you will excuse me.” With that, he bowed in respect. He had to get away from her before she started to make him feel any more emotions he didn’t want to feel. For his sanity he had to leave.
“Before you go, let me say this.” She didn’t wait for him to respond as she walked across the space that separated them. Gently, she placed her hand on the side of his face and forced him to look directly into her face. “Regardless of what or who came between the two of you, you are brothers. Brothers of the Trinity,” her tone grew stern as if she was scolding a child yet her eyes remained tender. Even as Adien tried to turn his head away from her, she gripped him by his chin and brought his face back to hers. “Adien, you need him as much as he needs you. No matter how many walls you put up or how long you stay away the two of you will always find your way back to each other… and nothing can break that kind of bond. No beast,” she paused, “or woman.” With the end of her speech she he let him go.
Adien didn’t know how he managed to remain in place when everything in him screamed for him to run and run as fast as he could.
“Good-bye, Anima.” His voice cracking and his bow stiff. He didn’t bother to walk out, too many of his emotions were playing havoc on him. As quickly as he could, he flashed himself from her sight.
With a sad sigh Anima turned away from where Adien just stood, staring at her with tear filled eyes and a broken heart. She felt for the young hound, she knew all too well how family had the power to bring even the strongest creatures to their knees.

Back at his apartment Adien resumed his spot on his leather couch with a new bottle of vodka and three shot glasses. His hands shaking, he lined up the small glasses across the table. 
“Damn it.” He cursed. He couldn’t get Anima’s words out of his head. Rattled, his shaking hands poured the clear liquid into the three glasses, overflowing them its contents flowed from the table to the floor. Not caring that he just ruined his imported carpet, he slammed the bottle back down on the table. One by one he quickly downed all three glasses, letting the alcohol burn down his throat. Several more times he repeated this senseless process, trying to drown his sorrows. Before long he realized the glasses weren’t doing enough for him.
“Fuck it.” He turned away from the glasses and he gripped the vodka bottle, putting it to his lips, he turned the bottle up and in quick gulps downed its contents. Drinking until the burning feeling became too much. By then half the bottle was gone. His head started to spin. He let it fall back against the couch and stared up at his ceiling as his vision became fuzzy.
“Nice going Adien… going to drown yourself in that stuff.”
Ignoring the sudden comment, Adien once again reached for the bottle, this time drinking faster than he had done the first time.
“Look at you, cousin, a drunken hound… I never thought I would see you like this. You’re so useless… such a shame.”
He continued to ignore her nagging. Irate and pissed off, he pushed himself from the couch. But his sluggish body wouldn’t respond quickly enough and he flopped back down. Taking a few deep breaths, he tried to get off the couch again and with a little more success he was able to make his way into the kitchen, managing only to walk into one wall in the hall.
“You’re going to kill yourself.”
He wished it was that easy to kill himself… but damn her for following him. Continuing to ignore her, Adien staggered his way to one of his top cabinets and reached for his open bottle of scotch.
“Adien…” Her voice was more urgent now, or was he just now noticing it? Either way he didn’t respond to her. All he wanted her to do was leave him alone.
“I have a favor to ask of you.”
Great more favors. Adien thought as he finally decided to respond to her. “What now? Last time I did a favor for you it almost got me killed.” He told her.
“I know where Melody is.”
OK, now she had his full attention. Forgetting about the bottle of scotch, he turned to face her as she appeared in his kitchen. The moment he saw the urgency on her face, along with the hand print around her neck, he quickly threw off the effects of his drinking. “Where is she?”
“Follow me.” She vanished from his sight.
“Shit.” He cursed himself and the need to help his brother, but he made a promise to return his brother’s mate to him no matter how he found her… he just hoped she wasn’t worse off. With that he followed Sofaria to where ever she led him.

“She’s there.” Sofaria whispered as Adien appeared next to her.
Looking in front of him, Adien saw the large cage in front of him. When Adien saw the female body lying under the black sheet, a small piece of stone that covered his heart was chipped away. The smell of the room almost made him throw up in his mouth.
“Adien, we have to hurry.” Sofaria whispered behind him. Understanding the urgency of the situation, Adien quickly walked up to the cage. He examined the structure of the cage and the female lying in it. In all honesty he couldn’t believe his eyes or what he was looking at. Adien half expected her to be dead by the time they found her, as it was she was close to it. As he started at her something shinned from around her neck, it caught his attention carefully he bent down to examine it.
“What’s around her neck?” Adien asked, looking back at Sofaria.
“I don’t know.” She replied all the while listening and watching to see if they had been detected.
Turning his attention back to the injured woman, he reached his hand into the cage. Gently, he pushed her matted hair from her neck. When he reached for the strange necklace around her neck, his knuckles touched her clammy skin. The moment his skin touched her, he could feel all the pain that she had suffered and was suffering. The force of her pain hit him like a hit to the back of the head and made him want to rip Iraon’s flesh from his bones for having caused this kind of pain to an innocent woman.
“She was in her hound form when I found her.” He heard Sofaria from behind him as he rose to his feet. He could hear the sympathy in his cousin’s voice. He understood it. It was hard for one of their breed to look at another the way he was seeing his brother’s mate.
“She has some type of collar around her neck…” He told her all the while figuring out the best way to get her free of that cage in the least noticeable way.
“Adien… Aprophis is coming.” He could hear the venom in her voice at the mention of the devil's name.
“Get out of here.” He ordered her. When he didn’t feel her presence leave the room, he cursed her stubbornness. Looking over his shoulder, he shouted to her. “I said leave. I have to focus.”
She hesitated, but nodded and reluctantly vanished from the room.
Throwing away the idea of not being noticed, Adien focused his powers. Briefly closing his eyes, he planted his feet on the ground and spread his arms out in front of him. He let his energy flow through him until it came out though his hands in a blast of earthly light. He used just enough of his power so that when it hit the cage it instantly destroyed the bars but didn’t harm the woman in it. The sound of the blast echoed throughout the dungeon, making the ground shake from its impact.
“Doggssss”
Adien’s body stiffened. He was no longer alone and that wasn’t good. He pivoted around and came face to face with the most nightmarish looking creature he had ever seen.
Slowly, it stalked towards Adien, the sound of its hoof feet crushing the skulls on the dungeon floor sent shivers down his spine. Each step it took slime or something like it oozed from its mouth, three sets of teeth and red eyes were focused on Adien. Its massive twisted figure made the dungeon seem smaller than what it was. Adien watched the creature as it studied him, measuring him up for what he assumed was his next meal.
It licked its… lips?
Adien wasn’t so sure the creature had any lips. It smiled and ran its snake like tongue across its teeth. It paused and crouched down, ready to strike.
Just as Adien prepared himself to strike the soft sound of a low gasp caught his attention. Without thinking and anxiety rushing through him, he looked over his shoulder at his brother’s mate. The distraction was the moment the creature was waiting for. It charged, intending on tackling Adien through the stone wall. But Adien was faster and managed to dodge the attack just in time. He watched as the creature went headfirst into the opposite wall.
With the creature stunned, Adien quickly changed into his breed form and blasted the creature into the stone wall again, causing the whole room to quake. While the creature struggled to regain its footing Adien ran towards the cage. Turning back into his human form in mid run, he ran to his brother’s mate. He bent down, scooping her into his arms as gently and quickly as he could into his arms and took her back to his apartment before the creature turned to attack again.
Chapter 30

“Bion, you should have let me help you.” Anima snapped as they spoke outside their bedroom, furious that she had been forced to remain in Oblivion while her son had needed her protection. Now she was stuck pacing outside her bedroom wanting to kill the only man she ever loved.
“Why Anima? So you could have ended up in Iraon’s grasp” Bion paused, his own body tense. “He doesn’t need you as a weapon too, he already has Melody, or better yet, I should have let you use your powers to let Zeus know that you are alive… I couldn’t risk it.”
“But you could risk my only son and his mate.” She saw that her comment hurt him and reminded him of his failure, but that didn’t change the fact that she blamed him for Radien’s pain. For that, she was fuming and would have sworn that Bion could see the steam coming out the top of her head. “Do not forget who I am.” She stepped closer to him, her eyes locking on his; both of them furious with the other for being too stubborn to listen. Standing toe to toe with Bion, Anima continued her rant, “I am the queen of a species. Do not doubt my power to protect those I value most.” With that, she took a step back from him. Staring at him with her arms folded across her chest, she mocked his stance.
“I know who you are, and I know what you are capable of… but, where were your powers when the gods tried to gut you like a pig?” Bion glared at her. “We all know what happened to your powers that day, don’t we…”
He should have just hit her, it would have hurt less. Anima wanted to say something, but she couldn’t form the words. So she closed her mouth and glared at Bion, hurt and betrayal showing through her eyes.
“Anima, I didn’t…” Bion realized what he had said and regretted it the moment the words left his lips. He wanted to reach for her but knew better. “Anima.”
She raised her hand, stopping him from finishing his unwanted apology. “I’m going to check on Radien.” With that, she turned her back to him and walked into the bedroom.
Once she was in the room, she made sure to put a barrier around the room so that Bion wouldn’t be able to just pop in. Then she leaned her back against the shut door and closed her eyes, taking slow, steady breaths, trying to calm herself. She didn’t know why she didn’t just blast him through a wall. It would have made her feel better.
“That’s because you love him.”
Her eyes snapped open and focused on Radien, as he carefully sat up from the bed.
To see the glow in his eyes slowly returning made her smile as the sound of his voice made relief flood through her. “I see you heard that.” She sadly laughed as she walked over to the bed.
“The dead could have heard the two of you.” Radien smiled, but it didn’t reach his eyes.
“He’s always been over bearing.” She added with her own sad smile as she joined her son on the bed. Sitting next to him, she ran her hands tenderly through his hair.
Closing his eyes, Radien savored the feeling of motherly love that he had missed all his life. So many times he had wondered what it would feel like to have a mother tending to him, to protect him.
Protect me the way I should have protected Melody. The thought of it almost made him cry out in rage, he would have had his mother not been in the room with him. In fact, that’s what he was going to do just seconds after he opened his eyes and realized that his mate wasn’t with him. “He loves you.” The words were choked out as he looked at her. “That’s why he did what he did…”
Anima looked into her son’s face and saw the same pain that she had lived with for the last few centuries at not having Bion by her side. Just then she would have ripped Iraon’s throat out and be damned if she died, so long as she could get her son’s mate back and stop the pain that consumed his handsome features.
“I don’t think he could handle losing someone he loved so much twice.”
She didn’t respond to him, because what he said was more about him than her and his father.
“She loves you.” She saw that sad smile again and her heart ached.
“I know… which is why I have to find her.” He lifted the sheets from him, throwing his legs over the edge of the bed on the opposite side of Anima. His feet planted on the floor, he stood. He felt light headed as he walked around the bed and towards the door.
Anima gave him space. She observed his movement and knew he wasn’t fully healed. He still needed his rest.
“I’m fine.” He growled under his breath as he reached the door, he had to brace himself for a moment.
“I can see that…” She mocked. “How will you find her?” She asked once she saw him gathering himself.
“Adien.” This time he growled, she couldn’t tell whether it was at her or at the mention of his brother’s name.
“Adien? What can he do?” She asked.
“He’s here.” Before she could respond Radien yanked open the door and limped out.

Adien had stood quietly in the shadows of the hall watching his father stare at the door. If it wasn’t for the fact that he had his brother’s dying mate in his apartment, he would have had a great laugh at his father’s expense.
“Nice going,” Adien said as he took a step from the shadows, making his presence known to his father.
Bion glared at him from over his shoulder, the irritation showing clearly in his glowing gaze. “How long have you been standing there?”
“Long enough to know that you’re not getting any tonight,” Adien replied nonchalantly with a shrug of his shoulders.
“Why are you here? I don’t have time for you or your games.” Bion snapped.
“That’s nothing new pops… but the reason I’m here is more important than me and you.”
“That’s a first.” Bion scuffed. He really didn’t have time for this. He had to find Melody. There was no telling what Iraon was doing to her.
 “I know where she is.”
By the tone in Adien’s voice Bion knew who she was. What kind of condition was she in? How badly beaten was she? How in the hell did Adien find her? Thoughts rushed through Bion’s mind faster than he could speak. “Where is she?” Was all he managed to get out.
“At his apartment,” both Bion and Adien focused on Radien as he slowly made his way out of the bedroom.
Adien looked at his brother, his gaze going up and down. He looked a hell of a lot better on his feet, which relived Adien more than he wanted to admit.
“I’m coming with you.” Radien demanded.
“No, you’re not.” Bion stated his tone as commanding as Radien’s. They stared at each other for a quick minute, and then Bion turned his attention towards Adien. “I’ll meet you there.” Adien nodded and Bion disappeared from sight.
“Take me to her Adien.” Radien demanded as he stepped to Adien.
When he was younger, the fact that Radien was a full head taller than him used to intimidate him, but now, he was a grown ass man and knew how to use his powers, so he didn’t back down or flinch when his brother stared him down.
“No.” Adien solidly respond.
“Take me to her.” Radien growled this time, his hands twitching.
Was he actually fighting the urge to hit him?
Ungrateful bastard… Adien thought. Here he was trying to save his damn mate and this asshole wanted to fight with him. Ungrateful.
“NO.” Now it was Adien’s turn to give his own threatening growl. He could see the tic work in Radien’s jaw, the tension between them was thick in the air.
“TAKE ME TO HER.” Radien grabbed him by the collar of his shirt and jerked him forward.
Ok, now he was seriously pissed off. With both hands Adien shoved Radien off of him, forcing his brother to stumble backwards.
Radien stumbled, but caught his balance as he glared at his youngest brother, his eyes glowing so intense form his rage it illuminated the walls behind Adien.
“Adien, I am asking you one more time… TAKE ME TO HER… NOW.” Radien demanded once more, his tone cracking from his rage and impatience. He had to get to her. He had to see her whole and in one piece, and if that meant going pounding his brother into a bloody pulp until he took him to his apartment, then so be it.
 “You ungrateful bastard, I’m trying to help you out by saving your mate.” Adien growled as his hands fisted at his sides.
He was right. Radien knew he was being ungrateful but he couldn’t help it. The need to see his mate was causing him to lose his control. He had to act more calmly. He took a deep breath to get himself under control. “Adien,” he pleaded. “I just need to see her… please.” Gods, he felt so helpless.
Adien felt a twinge of sympathy for his brother. He couldn’t imagine what it felt like to go through what he was going through. Even with their blood exchange, he doubted he would ever understand the depth of Radien’s need.
“See her,” Adien scuffed. “You can barely walk. Besides, what would it do see her now? All it would do is piss you off even more, and send you on a suicide mission.” He folded his arms across his chest and stared at his brother, who remained speechless but glaring at him. “What would getting yourself killed do for your mate besides kill her?”
The truth of that statement weighed heavily on Radien. He knew Adien was right, if he saw her bruised and beaten, he would want blood and go after Iraon, and most likely get himself killed in the process. He was strong, but he didn’t know if he would be able to fight the devil, Thana, and still have strength for Iraon. Not to mention he wasn’t completely himself… it would have been suicide.
“I thought so.” Adien gave a heavy sigh and rubbed his temples. His frustration was starting to give him a migraine. “I’ll look after her until she is a little better, then I will get you. Till then, don’t do anything to get yourself killed.”
Radien didn’t want to give in, but what choice did he have. He didn’t have the strength to make it to his brother’s apartment. “Fine,” Radien dryly replied.
“Good.” Adien spat, then vanished from his sight.

With his back against the wall, Radien closed his eyes and sank down to the cold floor. His head back against the wall he had a throbbing headache, his body felt heavy, he was sure he was still feeling the after effects of being hammered on. He showed no outside scars, but internally he was a wreck, and mentally he was broken.
“My beauty,” he dropped his head in his hands. He missed her and worrying about her was driving him insane. He needed her more than he needed air to breathe. The fact that he no longer felt her essence played havoc on his mind.
“Please be ok.” He whispered into his hands. His eyes closed all he could do was picture her beautiful face smiling at him.
“Radien.”
He heard his mother’s voice and slowly looked up to see her standing over him. Her face filled with concern, she kneeled down so she was eye to eye with him.
“Get up.” Her tone was soft but stern. “Our enemy is on the loose, sitting here wallowing in your sorrow is not going to help us any.” She looked him in his eyes as she spoke. “She is going to be fine. Sitting on the floor like some weakling is not going to make things any better.” With that, she rose to her feet. “Now get up.” She ordered him.
She was right, Radien knew it. Sluggishly, he rose to his feet. His sulking wasn’t doing any bit of good. “Thank you.” He said to her as he kissed her respectfully on the cheek. Turning, he headed down the hall towards his room. He would take a moment to gather his self and regain some of his energy. Then he had someone he needed to see.

The moment he appeared in the spacious bedroom, Bion’s heart went out to his son’s mate. Quietly, so he wouldn’t disturb her, Bion walked over to where she lay. Kneeling down, he carefully lifted the sheets up to look at the damage done to her body. Inwardly, he cringed at the open flesh of her stomach that continued to bleed through the sheet. How she was still alive, he didn’t know, but he thanked the life stream that she was still in this realm. Pulling the sheet, back he uncovered the top half of her body and as gently as he could, placed his hands over her naked chest. He stretched out his fingers and closed his eyes.
“Is she going to make it?” He heard Adien’s voice from behind him.
“She is barely alive, but if I can get blood to her, she would be able to heal.” Bion responded as he focused his energy on the healing task ahead of him. He pumped some of his life into her so that she wouldn’t die before he was able to get blood into her.
“What can I do?”
Shocked as Bion was by his son’s actions in the first place, he was even more shocked by Adien’s offer to help. “Find her sister.” Bion instructed him as he watched Melody’s flesh start to fuse its self-back together.
“How in the hell am I supposed to find a woman I have never seen?”
“Go to Rasi, he will help you… Now go or else she will die and you will have to deal with your brother’s wrath.”
Shit, how do I always get myself into this mess? Adien thought as he vanished from the room. He wasn’t looking forward to seeing Rasi. They weren’t on the best of terms. As a matter of fact, they couldn’t stand the sight of each other. The last time they were in the same place they tried to kill each other.
Adien reappeared outside Rasi’s colorless temple. He hated traveling to the Dream Realm. It was all different shades of gray and the only color to be seen was in the Dream Mirrors that were in the throne room. Too gloomy a place for Adien and he hated having to come back.
Chapter 31

Rasi stood at the Wall of Dreams that resided in the throne room of his temple. Intently focused on the three dream mirrors in front of him, he didn’t notice the shift in the air as Radien appeared a few paces behind him.
“Rasi.”
His ears twitched at the sound of his name. “Radien, it’s good to see you finally up and walking around.” The Universe spoke with his eyes still on the mirrors.
Coming to stand beside him, Radien swept a curious eye over the mirrors. The mirror furthest to the left showed nothing but a wooden door and a lamp. The next one held an earthly beauty surrounded by a dense forest, whose face he couldn’t make out. But it was the last one that made his heart ache. There in front of him was the Dream Mirror of his mate, of them smiling and rolling around on the beach where he’d first met her. In his arms she was safe and happy.
“She dreams of you every night.” Rasi spoke. Out the corner of his eye, Radien looked at him closely. The being frowned as he watched the mirrors. Worry and sadness reflected in his stare. Radien wondered what was on his mind so heavily to cause Rasi to look totally defeated. Then again, he knew didn’t he. Iraon was all any of them could think about.
“Do you always watch her dreams? When we are together?” Radien asked solemnly.
A smirk played at the corners of Rasi’s lips. “No. I do not wish to go blind.”
His remark made Radien chuckle, but as quick as the moment came it was gone. That longing ache came back into his chest. “I take it these are the dreams of my brothers’ mates.”
“Yes.” Rasi replied.
Radien nodded. For a few moments neither of them spoke. Each lost in his own world. It was Rasi who broke the tense silence between them.
“You have come here for a reason. There is something on your mind.” Rasi faced him, waiting for his response.
“He’s going to go after the women.” Radien turned and returned Rasi’s stare.
“Yes.” Rasi gave a heavy sigh. “We have our hands full.” Turning, Rasi walked towards his throne. Radien turned and walked behind him, but not before he took another longing filled look at his mate through the dream mirror.
“He’s going to unleash Azuzela and Inividion, and then the Trio will be complete. All that would be left to free would be…”
“Gazini,” Radien finished for him. That’s what he was afraid of. One beast was enough to cause chaos, but all three would cause the annihilation of every species. With Gazini free darkness would reign.
“Isn’t Alrik supposed to be guarding Gazini’s prison? How could they get past Alrik?” Radien questioned.
“That is how the story goes… but no one knows if it is true. Alrik has not been seen or heard from for more than a millennium. He could be guarding Gazini or he could be somewhere else.”
“But surely, he would stop the beast.” Because Radien refused to believe that Alrik would just let the Trio come and take Gazini without so much as a fight.
“I doubt it… Alrik’s rule is to maintain balance no matter the cost. He will not fight The Trio because they are not his to fight. They are yours and your brothers.” Rasi paused. “The Trio and The Trinity keep the balance between the powers. Therefore is one is killed the balance is broken.”
Great, it just kept getting better and better. “How do we stop him?” Radien asked. “We find your brothers and the other two women. Before Iraon does.” Rasi paused. “A war is about to begin. Are you ready?”
Radien looked back at Melody’s dream mirror, she was smiling. So beautiful. He thought. He would take on the whole underworld if it would keep her safe. His eyes glowing from repressed fury, he pinned Rasi with a hard stare. “Yes.”

Preparing himself for his welcome, Adien made his way to Rasi’s throne room. The moment he appeared in the room, he was thrown into the far wall of the room. Pissed, he pushed his way to his feet and whipped the small spot of blood from the corner of his mouth.
“You are not welcome here Adien, leave before I throw you out,” said Rasi from his throne.
Well, now I know who to kill first. “Yeah, and remember what happened the last time you tried that Rasi.” Adien replied with a smirk as he dusted off his clothes.
“Hound, you are not welcomed in my domain.” Rasi growled as he pushed himself from his seat, his eyes burning with the need for revenge. With his staff gripped tightly in his hand, he made his way towards Adien.
“Rasi calm down. I be damned if you killed him before my woman is back in my arms again.” Radien baked at the Universe.
Adien gave Rasi a mocking grin as the male reluctantly settled back into his oversized chair. As Adien turned his attention to his brother the dream mirror behind him caught his eye. Instantly, he was pulled to the green forest of one dream, his pulse quickened.
What the hell? Adien thought as he shook his head clear.
“Is she healed?” Radien asked, drawing Adien’s attention back to him.
 The pleading look in his brother’s eyes touched something in him and he immediately wished it would go away.
“Bion is healing her now, but she needs a transfusion.” He turned to face Rasi. “That’s what Bion sent me here for. I need your help in finding her sister.” Adien told Rasi, and then turned his attention towards the dream mirror. He couldn’t stop staring at the mirror, there was something about the woman wandering in the forest that drew him… and he didn’t like it. Then it went blank and the image of the earthly beauty that held him captive was gone.
“Go through that mirror you were just ogling over.” Rasi told him with a hint of disdain in his voice.
Both Radien and Aiden looked at the blank mirror.
“How is he supposed to go through a Dream Mirror when she is awake?” Radien asked Rasi with a questioning frown. Last he remembered you couldn’t travel through a dream mirror when the person was awake… right?
“Trust me.” Rasi smirked at Adien. “There’s a way. Just remember, time flows differently here than in the human realm. Here she is asleep. Once you go through that mirror, she will be awake and possibly in the middle of her daily activities.”
The brothers looked at each other. One with pleading eyes and the other feeling mistrust crawl up through his body, last time Adien trusted Rasi he almost got his head bit off… literally.
Adien didn’t like this idea. Couldn’t Rasi just teleport him to her or give him a mental image of where she was so he could go there himself… but what other choice did he have, all eyes were on him and waiting impatiently for him to move.
Deciding to trust Rasi, Adien walked over to the blank mirror. Slowly, he touched his hand to the smooth surface of the mirror. He looked back at Rasi. “Nothing is…” before he could finish his sentence he felt himself being pulled into the mirror. Feeling as if he was being ripped apart, he made a mental note to kill Rasi. Then he was sucked completely into the mirror and thrown into a dark closet.

He’s going to kill me. Anxiously, Sofaria paced the dark hall outside her bedroom. She was more than certain that Iraon knew by now that Melody had escaped. Just like he would know that it was because of her that his only weapon against her cousins had escaped. For that she had no doubt that he would take her head. She just hoped it was quick and fast, but deep down she knew better. Iraon wasn’t that merciful and he would torture her before he killed her. The thought of running had crossed her mind more than once. A stupid thought because she knew he would catch her before she got away from the castle.
Damn it. She hated being on both sides of the fence. Of course she was more bad than good. But she did have a heart… some days. She stopped her pacing and looked around her. The old castle that resided in the Dark Forest had belonged to the Great Gazini, and the huge structure represented the personality of her dark lord. The castle was completely made of black mystical stones that emitted a type of dark energy that gave Sofaria chills. Beyond the walls, each room was filled with despair and doom, no beds, no chairs or table, nothing to provide comfort. Completely empty, dark and cold, most times the castle was dimly lit by the torches that burned omnisciently on the wall. But now it was pitch black and if it wasn’t for her breed senses, she wouldn’t be able to see her hand in front of her.
What am I to do? She kept asking herself. She kept coming up blank. Her pacing intensified.
There was nothing she could do. All that remained was for Iraon to appear. Too wrapped up in her own thoughts to notice the change in the air or Iraon standing right in front of her, she walked right into his massive chest. She stumbled backwards.
“Iraon,” she gaped at him as her instincts told her to run and hide. Her nerves getting the better of her she avoided eye contact with him.
The rage pouring off of him betrayed the calmness that he showed as he stared down at the top of her head. Not being able to actually focus on anything else in the darkness, she brought her gaze back to him and had it not been for the color change in his eyes he would appear harmless, but Sofaria knew better. He was a few moments away from ripping her head off. She took a step backwards and cringed when her back came up against the slimly skin of the devil.
Gritting her teeth, she was torn between two emotions; fear and rage. She feared Iraon but she wanted her vengeance on the devil so bad it took all she had not to forget about Iraon and attack the creature. Her anger grew even more when she felt his clawed hand push her forward towards Iraon. The slime on her back made her T-shirt stick to her skin.
“Seems I can’t leave you along for too long…” She could hear the uncontrolled anger in his voice. A mix between his human one and his beast one, that made her tremble all the more. He took a step towards her and in response she took a step back and once again felt the claw of the devil, this time it didn’t push her forward but wrapped its arms around her body, squeezing her. She could feel her ribs starting to crack as she struggled in the creature’s grasp. He picked her up in the air, out the corner of her eyes, she could see his red eyes on her while his serpent tongue glided over the first rows of his teeth.
“Great Beast… let me kill her.” He squeezed tighter, making her gasp for air. She had been fading into darkness when she heard his voice. Something in her screamed for her to kill him, she vowed that she would kill him before he killed her and she intended to keep that promise. Fighting, she let her K9’s grow and bit into his hand. This was the one time she found herself thankful of being mated to the ugly monster. Had she been anyone else the slime of his body would have killed her. He dropped her to the ground, the moment her feet touched the floor, she sprang at him, shifting from her human to her hound form, aiming straight for his throat. 

Iraon watched the two of them like they were little children that couldn’t be in the same place and play nice. He had felt her rage the moment she noticed the devil. The feeling of it over powered him as he let it flow into him, supercharging his powers. He watched as they fought each other with hardly amused eyes. He had to admit the female was a good fighter and a great thing of vicious power when she was enraged. Iraon knew she would a priceless ally in the upcoming war, which was the only reason he hadn’t killed her in the first place.
More power surged through him as she used her black tail to fling the devil through the wall and into a vacant bedroom. She was a thing of evil beauty as she opened her mouths and inhaled. Before she could fire her attack, the devil was up, opening its mouth as its snake like tongue rolled from its mouth. Up and around all three of her necks and pulled tight, strangling them all at once. That had to be the nastiest thing Iraon had ever seen.
“Devil,” Iraon’s dark voice echoed in the room. He didn’t need to raise his voice to get the creature's attention. “Release her and shift into your human form.” Iraon ordered as the creature’s red eyes focused on him. When the devil just looked at him and made no move to let the female go, Iraon’s own rage spiked at the disobedience.
“Now,” Iraon growled when he saw Sofaria starting to go limp. With a snarl the devil tossed her to the ground. It’s disgusting tongue slowly unwrapping from around her necks, leaving a thick trail of saliva behind as it retracted back into the creature’s mouth.
Next, his gaze focused on the female as she pushed herself to her feet. So blind in her fury she charged once again at the devil. As much as he would love to watch the two of them kill each other, he needed both of them alive… for the moment anyway. With his irritation for the two of them flowing through him, Iraon literally placed a wall between the two of them, cutting the devil off from him and the female hound.
She flung herself repeatedly into the wall, clawing and snapping like a mad dog. It annoyed the hell out of him. Raising his hand, he shot a small blast into her side to get her attention. She turned on him then, prepared to strike her need to kill coursed through her as she stared him down.
Alone with Iraon, Sofaria wasn’t sure if she should change back into her human form or stay in her hound form.
“I’m not here to kill you.” He told her. She didn’t believe him, but if he had wanted her dead that blast he hit her with would have killed her. Reluctantly, she changed back to her human form but didn’t let her guard down, watching him closely as he stalked towards her and continued to speak.
“I’m not going to kill you…” Yet. The word lingered in the air as he stood directly in front of her. “Rather, I have… shall I say a mission for you.” His eyes stayed locked on to hers. The heat and power contained in them captivated her. Distracted by her lust for him, yet again, she wasn’t prepared to feel her head being jerked backwards by her hair. Her throat exposed to him as he sharpened his pinky nail on the stoned wall. Then it was pressed against the flesh of her throat. “If you fail or betray me this time, I will slit your throat and watch you die in a pool of your own blood.” The threat was whispered as a promise close to her ear, making her blood run cold because she knew he was more than capable of doing exactly what he said and worse.
“Understand.” He growled. She nodded her head slightly, his death grip on her hair, making it hard for her to do much else without snapping her neck. “Good.” He gave her a deadly smile.
Chapter 32

Damn it, where are my keys? Harmony thought as she frantically searched through her purse. Her nerves were shot. They had been for the last few days. She couldn’t shake the feeling that something was seriously wrong. She tried calling her sisters, but neither of them had answered her calls, which did nothing to ease her already disturbed nerves. It wasn’t so much she worried about Aaron, but rather Melody. Harmony had a gut feeling that she was in danger and needed her.
“Got it,” Harmony whispered to herself. With the nervousness flowing through her, and the annoying vibration coming from her side, it took a few tries before she was able to get the key in the hole and enter her home.
“Shit.” She cursed as the door flew open and she stumbled through its opening. “Damn it.” She straightened herself. Taking a deep breath, she tried to calm herself.
The house was a dark eerie quiet and once again a sense of awareness washed over her. The vibration in her side increased into a painful throb traveling along her spine. With shaky hands she flipped on the light switch on the wall. The entire house was illuminated by the bright light. As she walked through her home, taking in her belongings, she noted that everything was in place. Knowing that her home hadn’t been invaded, allowed for some of her tension to ease out of her. Even so, she couldn’t shake the feeling that something was off. Ignoring the increasing pain coursing through her body, she made her way up the spiral staircase that led to her bedroom.
A shower will make me feel better. She told herself as she walked into her spacious bedroom. Plush, tan carpet under her feet, comforted her as she stripped herself of her clothing. She sighed as her body, now free of its tights restraints, flooded with relief.
God... She ran her hands through her hair, massaging her scalp. I can’t wait to wash today’s bad energy off of me. Relaxing, even more, she was able to ignore the pain now running along her side. Walking into her private bathroom, that was connected to her bedroom, she headed towards the shower. Turning on the water, she stuck her hand under the streaming water. She smiled as more relief made its way through her. Satisfied with the temperature of the water, she stripped naked. Ignoring the sudden icky feeling running down her spine, she stepped under the water. Soon as the hot water touched her skin, complete relaxation washed over her, making her feel more at ease than she had felt all day. Closing her eyes, she tuned out the world around her and became lost to the soft vibrations of the shower.

Adien felt like a pervert as he watched her in the shower. He should have looked away, but he couldn’t, the golden brown of her skin ensnared him. Through the thick glass and steam of the shower, he was able to make out the shape of her slender and curved body. He only saw her from the side, but that was enough to make his mouth water. Drooling as he watched her soap her toned body, he couldn’t stop his gaze from following the flow of water as it traveled between the valley of her breast, over her shoulders and down the curve of her firm looking ass. In the dark depths of his perverted mind, he envisioned his tongue traveling along the lines of her body.
Involuntarily he took a step forward, just then the phone beside her bed rung. Adien froze.
Shit. He cursed his stupidity. When exactly had he stepped out of her closet? Idiot. Frozen in place, caught between dashing back into the closest or disappearing into some other part of the house, he expected her to jump out the shower and rush to the phone. Much to his surprise, she didn’t. Instead, she acted as if she didn’t hear it and continued to wash her tempting body.
Bracing her palms on the tiled wall of the shower, she put her head under the water, arching her back so the water massaged her body. His cock jerked as he heard a soft moan escape her. Adien’s eyes zeroed in on the water and how it seemed to caress her as it flowed down her back and between and over her rear. The sight was enough to make him want to moan.
“Harmony?” The familiar voice caught his attention. “It’s me, Travis. I haven’t heard from you in a few days and I wanted to make sure you were ok.” There was an awkward pause and sounded as if he had shifted the phone. Then a deep sigh, finally he spoke again. “The night we spent together was amazing… call me back as soon as you get this… please.” There was pleading, if not begging, in his voice before he hung up the phone.
That bastard. Adien couldn’t hold back the threatening growl that echoed from deep within his chest. For reasons that he didn’t want to know the thought of Travis touching her made him want to tear his limbs from his body.
“Who the hell are you and what are you doing in my house?”
Adien went stiff at the sound of her voice. It was soft but demanding and threatening. He liked it. He sensed her behind him and his body reaction to her disturbed him.
Again, he cursed himself for his lack of caution. He should have been paying attention to her and not her machine.
“Did you hear me?” She demanded.
“I heard you.” He answered dryly with his back towards her.
“Answer me…”
Did she just growl at him?
“What are you doing here?” She demanded.
Adien had to admit that he liked the sound of her voice as she tried to boss him around. He wondered if she was that demanding in bed. Taking what she wanted, when she wanted it.
“Put your hands in the air and turn around… slowly.” Then he heard a click.
A gun? He wanted to laugh. He hadn’t been expecting that. From what he guessed, she had it aimed straight at his head and had just flipped the safety off. Cute.
Not wanting to scare her any more than he already had, and not wanting to get a shot, he raised his arms above his head and slowly turned around. The moment he laid eyes on her slim face, he was speechless. All he could do was stare. Her short hair was damp and slicked back from her face, a face that would make the highest paid model jealous, high cheek bones, full lips, and a face that encased a pair of golden eyes that made him weak in the knees. He had never seen a human woman with eyes like hers, and he knew he could spend days staring into her eyes and listening to her voice.
His eyes left hers as his gaze roamed down the length of her neck, down her collar, and focused on the droplets of water resting between the swells of her toweled covered breast. All he could think about, picture, was ripping that towel from around her body and fucking her long and hard on the floor.
Harmony was held captive by a pair of the most gorgeous emerald green eyes that she had ever seen. The intensity in which he stared at her made something needful awake in her.
“How did you get in here?” She asked him again when he didn’t respond.
She watched him as his eyes roamed over her body, devouring every inch of her. When he finally met her gaze again, her legs became weak. “I need your help.” He finally answered as he rested his hands at his side.
His voice was smooth and soothing, so seductive to her that it was dangerous to her lively hood. Her gaze left his and focused on the curve of his lips. Not too big or too small, but perfect for her to suck on. She could easily see herself on top of him, drawing in his bottom lip with her own, nibbling on them as he moved inside of her…
Damn it, focus fool. You should be threatening to shoot him or call the police or something. Not standing here thinking of ways to get him into your bed. Shaking her head, she came back to her senses.
“You need my help?” She laughed sarcastically, then her face grew serious and she pinned him under her gaze, aiming her pistol for his heart, “Why are you here?”
“I am here because I need you and only you.” He spoke to her softly, like a lover would and something in her heart called out for him.
He took a step towards her and she slightly pressed her finger on the trigger. “Bullshit… now get out before I have to scatter your brains all over my new carpet.”
“Shoot me? You’re not going to shoot me.” He mocked her. His eyes sparkled with a challenge. He took another step towards her. Without feeling the need to get away, she pulled the trigger, her weapon aimed at his heart, she was sure she wouldn’t miss. She was wrong, and stood wide eyed and horrified. He moved faster than anything she had ever seen before. He dodged her shot and appeared a few steps in front of her, making her stumble backwards.
A look of irritation on his face as he stared at her, “we can do this the hard way…”
Something flashed in his eyes and she trembled, trying to scurry into the bathroom before he came closer to her, “or the hard way. Either way you are coming with me. What will it be?”
Backed into the bathroom, the cold tiled floor under her, she looked around for another source of a weapon. But found none, only her tooth brush and towels. Her panic starting to get the better of her, she kicked the door close. Scurrying across the floor, she locked the door and crawled into the tub. Pulling her knees to her chest, she wrapped her trembling arms around her knees. Rocking back and forth, she trembled with fear. Her breathing harsh, she started to hyperventilate. How was she supposed to get out of this when he moved faster than she could? There was no doubt in her mind that he would kill her the moment he came into the bathroom. Her mind was racing. After a few minutes of panic, she realized he hadn’t come into the bathroom she began to calm down. Taking slow and steady breaths, she got herself together.
Think, Harm, think. She told herself. She wasn’t stupid, she knew he was just outside the door waiting for her. She could see his shadow coming through under the door. Calmer now, she looked around her bathroom, her eyes fixed on the small mirror on the sink. Sharply pointed at the end it made for a great stabbing weapon. Crawling her way out the tub, she made sure to make the least amount of noise possible as she reached for the mirror. Standing on shaky legs and her heart pounding, she went to stand by the door, so that when he opened it, she would come from behind and get the better of him. She hoped that would give her the chance needed to get out of the house.
“Come on now,” Adien said through the door. He didn’t have time for this.
“Have it your way.” He growled under his breath. She just had to choose the hard way. Flashing himself into the bathroom, he caught her wrist before the sharp edge of her makeshift weapon could touch him. He pulled her to him, amused and somewhat disturbed by the horror in her eyes.
“You should have listened.” Wrapping an arm around her, he placed his palm to her forehead. Instantly, she went limp in his arms. Lifting her into his arms, he had to admit to himself that the feel of her toned body pressed against his felt right… too right.
The towel had become slightly unwrapped from around her. Staring down at more of her delectable skin, the soft flesh of her breast made his mouth water. His gaze traveled down and across the small part of her stomach that was revealed. For a second he thought he saw something on her side. He wanted to look closer to make sure he wasn’t hallucinating, but he had a feeling that if he looked any further, he would find something he didn’t want to know about. Cursing himself and his curiosity, he disappeared back to his apartment.

What is taking him so long? Bion thought as he sat beside his son’s mate. If Adien didn’t hurry it would be too late for the female. Just as the thought of tracking his son down crossed his mind, Bion felt his presence. Looking towards the bedroom door he saw Adien appear with the female in his arms.
“What have you done to her?” Bion asked the moment Adien fully appeared in the room. He swore that if his idiot son had hurt the woman in any way he was going to kill him.
“What I had to do.” Was Adien’s sharp reply as he carried the unconscious female over to the bed, her sister laid motionlessly on. Ignoring the feel of his father’s heated gaze on the side of his face, Adien gently laid his light load on the bed and covered her with the sheets.
So close he was to her lips that it took all of his self-control, which wasn’t much to begin with, not to take her lips into his own.
“Adien,” his father growled his name. Slowly, Adien backed away from the sleeping beauty. As he stood over her, his body was rocked by desire and some other emotion he wasn’t going to look into. Quickly, he turned on his heels and walked out of the room, not bothering to look back at his father.
After watching his youngest son beat a hasty retreat out the room, Bion immediately turned his attention to the women on the bed.
They had such similar features, that Bion couldn’t help but smile as he grabbed their hands. Closing his eyes, he chanted his powers. As powerful energy surged from him and into Melody, his eyes snapped open in surprise. A sudden realization made delight and fear bloom in his chest.

Adien stood watching from the door as his father healed his brother’s mate. Even as powerful a male Adien was, he was still amazed by the extent of his father’s powers and patience. As much as he hated to admit it a part of him respected and hoped to have powers like his father one day.
“Don’t go down that road, Adien.” He grumbled to himself as he silently he closed the door and began his lonely walk down the hall into the kitchen. There he found his usual relaxer and a glass. Both the bottle and the glass gripped in his hands, he withdrew into the living room.
He had a date with the Lakers… at least until his father had him play delivery service again.
Chapter 33

He was going to kill Adien… and he was going to do it slowly. A thousand different ways to rip his brother’s flash from his bone went through Radien’s head as he feverishly paced in his bedchambers. He couldn’t take the waiting around anymore. The separation from his mate was making him want to pull his hair out by the roots.
“Damn it.” He cursed to himself as he raked his hands through his hair and over his face. He was going to go insane if he stayed in that room any longer. Every time he looked around, he was reminded of how empty he was without her.
“Poor little Radien, lost without his pretty little mate.” Iraon’s dark voice echoed through the room.
Radien stopped his feverish pacing and looked over to the bed. His eyes glowed intensely from unrepressed rage the moment he saw Iraon leaning casually against one of the bedposts, a devious smile playing across his face.
With the memory of their battle and taking of his mate running through his mind, his blood boiled over. Power coursed through his veins, his hand clenched at his sides as he struggled to restrain himself from lashing out at the beast.
“You don’t look happy to see me.” Iraon darkly mused, his dark aura shadowing over the room. “No hard feelings about the whole sword through your mate and the kidnapping… but I just couldn’t help myself.” Iraon smirked, his tongue going over the tips of his fangs. Pushing himself from the post he walked around to the front of the bed, his fingertips grazing the top of the sheets.
Radien remained quiet, not trusting himself to speak through his anger. His body tense as his eyes remained on Iraon.
“She was a thing of beauty.” The beast sounded reverent, which only served to piss Radien off even more, “powerful and deadly. The feel of her fur in my hands, so soft, so warm… even covered in blood she was magnificent.” Iraon’s gaze went to the bed. “So this is where she screams your name while you’re fucking her.”
He was taunting him, Radien knew it, but damn him if it wasn’t working. His power and the need to kill surged to new levels, making his body tremble with the need to blast Iraon into a million places.
“She smelled so sweet,” Iraon’s nostrils flared as if he could still sense her. “She is something else, even more so when she’s naked and bleeding.” With that last taunting statement, Iraon made sure to send a mental image of what he meant to the hound. He watched on amused as Radien staggered to his feet.
Melody! His mind screamed as she appeared naked and beaten, laying on a cage floor as clear as day in his mind. His heart raced and his chest ached, had he not remembered that she was no longer in that cage that image would have dropped him to his knees. Shaking his head clear, he regained some of his composure and leveled a menacing glare on Iraon.  “I am going to gut you like the pig that you are.”
“I love it when you talk dirty to me.” Iraon laughed darkly. “But let’s be serious Radien, you couldn’t defeat me the last time we met. And you weren’t half as mad as you were then. How do you plan on doing it now when your emotions are out of control?”
“Try me, beast.” Radien growled low and threatening. His self-control barely leashed. With his jaw clenched tight, it was surprising none of his teeth cracked.
“Testy are we.” Iraon coaxed Radien’s rage, wanting him to unleash his wrath. “As much as I would love to rip you into pieces, I would have to kill that beautiful mother of yours… and I haven’t begun to have my fun with her yet.”
Radien couldn’t take it anymore. His self-control snapping when he thought of Iraon going anywhere near his mother, a blast ripped from his hands. Iraon moved out of the way, letting the powerful stream of energy blew the bed post into pieces.
“Now, now, is that any way to treat me.” Iraon baited him as he reappeared where the bed used to be. Soon the entertained smirk that was on Iraon’s face disappeared and something dark and promising flashed in his eyes.  “Your mate may be hidden from me, but since there are three brothers, I’m assuming each one has a mate. It only makes sense since there are three seals on the thalamus. I will find them and they will be mine.” With an ominous laugh Iraon vanished, his threat and warning lingering like a thick fog behind him.

“Take her home, and make sure she stays asleep and believes all this to be a dream,” Bion instructed as he watched Adien lift the female from the bed. He watched as his son gently angled her in his arms, wondering if Adien realized the tenderness that he used with this woman. “She shouldn’t awake until tomorrow sometime. So take her and place her in her bed… and leave.” Bion stressed the last word as Adien finally took his eyes off the woman and met his gaze. “I will protect her home so that she isn’t detected by Iraon.”
“Anything else boss?” Adien dryly mocked.
“Adien…” Bion growled in warning.
“Yeah, yeah, I got it.” With Adien vanished from the room with the female resting in his arms.
Shaking his head, Bion ignored his immature son’s last remark. He had a bigger problem to worry about, a problem that will most likely blast him through a wall than talk to him. Before he left his son's oversized apartment, Bion placed a protective barrier around Melody and the apartment, making it so no other power beside himself and his sons could feel her presence. Satisfied that she was well guarded until Radien came, Bion took a deep breath and mentally prepared himself for what awaited him at home. Then he vanished from the human realm to Oblivion.

Anima stood starring at the marbled walls of the Great Hall. Her heart breaking for her son and her mind racing over the male she loved. His words still rang in her ears and hurt her, but she missed him and was worried about him. She hated it when they fought. She wrapped her arms around herself and closed her eyes, imagining that it was Bion who held her.
As if summoned, she felt his power behind her and the feel of his strong arms around her. She sighed and leaned into his awaiting body. Her back resting against his chest, she could feel the rise and fall of his chest. She relaxed a little more, letting his presence soothe her.
“Anima,” his voice engulfed her as he held her tighter to him. “I didn’t…”
Turning in his arms, she placed a finger over his lips, which he licked, distracting her from her thoughts. Gathering herself, she looked into his glowing eyes, placing her hand on the side of his jaw. “It’s over now.” With that she captured his lips with her own. Just that quick their fight was over and the couple stood in the Great Hall making out like two hormonal teens.

Appearing in the same spot that he had taken her from, Adien walked over to the bed. Using his powers, he folded back the sheets, then laid his charge comfortably in the bed, making sure her legs were stretched out and her arms in a relaxed position.
A sigh escaped her and her soft breath caressed his face. Closing his eyes and savored the sweet smell of her breath. Before he realized what he was doing, Adien found his self leaning over her, his nostrils flaring as he deeply inhaled her earthy scent of her. Mine. His eyes snapped open and panic rocked him. Rigidly he straightened himself. His body tense he slowly backed away from the bed. His eyes wide and sweat forming over his brow, he stared fixedly at the female covered by the sheets. Finally, backing into the closed door of the bedroom, he abruptly vanished from the room, promising himself that no matter what he wouldn’t come back to that place… or to her.
Chapter 34

Standing over his brother’s oversized bed, mildly annoyed at having to rely on the one person he didn’t want to, Radien stared at his mate as she quietly slept. The soft, earthly toned color of the sheets highlighted the honey glow on her healing body. Relief wasn’t the word for what he felt as he looked at her. There were no words for the joy he felt at having her with him. He thought he was going to go insane while he was forced to wait for her to heal and her strength to return. Being away from her when she was vulnerable went against every protective instinct he had.
It had taken a little more than three days for her skin color to return to normal. Her wounds had healed flawlessly, except for the small scar on her stomach from where Iraon had stabbed her. She would have that mark forever. A hideous reminder of the pain she suffered at the hands of her enemy. Fury clouded Radien’s vision. As much as he wanted to confront Iraon, he wouldn’t. Not now, not when he was needed here, with her. Needing to be closer to her, Radien lifted up the sheets and eased his way into the bed next to her.
 “My beauty,” he whispered into her ear as he possessively draped his arm over her wide hips.
He heard her sigh and moved closer to him. He smiled. She delighted him to no end.
“Radien,” his name on her sleeping breath tickled his bare chest. Sending shocks and tingles through his body.
“Shhh. Sleep my beauty.” He pulled her closer to him, her soft and lush body pressing against. He craved to be inside her, but she was still too weak.
“Radien,” she moaned his name again and settled back into her sleep.
Smiling to himself, he closed his eyes and let her soft womanly scent invade his body, relaxing him as he drifted into his own much needed rest.

Adien rushed into his room to get a change of clothes. In his haste forgetting that his brother was in the room with his mate. But he was quickly reminded when he felt himself crashing into his bedroom wall and staring into a pair of brightly glowing eyes.
“Nice to see you too brother,” Adien growled as he tried to loosen Radien’s grip on his shirt. 
“Adien…?” Radien blinked, then frowned.
 “Last time I checked I lived here.” Adien growled through clenched teeth. Jerking himself free from his brother’s grip, he brought his gaze to Radien’s, who was shaking his head clear. “Are you coming back to reality now?” Fuming with anger, his hands fisted at his sides. Had it not been for Melody and the fact that she was sleeping peacefully in bed unaware of the fight that was about to break out in a few moments, he would have hit Radien square in the jaw.
“Adien… I…” Radien stuttered, still trying to come back to the real world.
“Save it.” Adien snapped. Pissed off, he shouldered his way past his brother and walked straight to the closet at the far end of the room. The whole time he could feel the weight of Radien’s stare at the back of his head. “Don’t you have anything better to do than watch me? If not you should take a picture. It lasts longer.” Frustrated just by breathing the same air as his brother, Adien yanked a shirt off a hanger.
Yellow. Great, I could look like a giant ray of sunshine. Adien growled and felt his face twitch.
“We need to talk.”
Like hell. Adien thought. They haven’t had a heart to heart in thousands of years. The last time he spoke to his brother it had ruined their relationship and nearly killed the both of them. No, he could pass on the talking.
“Adien.”
With his own name was starting to get on his nerves, Adien slowly turned to face his annoying brother with an irritated sigh. “I said save it.” Adien paused. “Don’t you have somewhere else to be?” With a quick glance over to the bed, he shouldered his way past Radien and stormed towards the bedroom door.
“You can’t keep walking away from me.”
True. One day they would have to come to terms with what happened between them, however, that day wasn’t today. “This isn’t walking away.” Was his snide response before he vanished from the room.
Not that he went very far.  He reappeared just outside the bedroom door. Through the crack, he watched his brother shake his head and curse under his breath.
“Radien,” as low as her voice was, Adien could hear Melody calling for his brother in her sleep.
Adien watched, with envious eyes, Radien’s quick response to her call. In one fluid movement he was in the bed beside her with his arms around her tightly. Envy coursed through Adien as he watched the way Melody snuggled into his brother, resting her head on his chest. She wrapped her body around his like a second skin… not that Radien seemed to mind as he held her tight and whispered something into her ear that Adien couldn’t hear.
The lovely dovey atmosphere, once again, made the jealously Adien had felt all his life for his beloved brother hit an all time high. Gritting his teeth, he forced himself away from the door and the couple. A longing, an empty place in his soul, had him suddenly craving that kind of connection. As the thought entered his mind, so did a pair of golden eyes that was encased in a face that, even in his memory, left him speechless and his body rock hard.
Shit. He cursed himself and his weakness as he flashed into the kitchen. Grabbing a bottle of vodka and his change of clothes he walked into the living room and flopped down on the coach. In complete darkness he planned to drown his sorrows and the face that has been haunting him ever since he first saw her in that bathroom…

“What was it?” Melody asked Radien once he rejoined her. She lay in his arms turning a piece of his white hair between her forefingers. Looking at him, she could see the stress lines forming on the top of his brow.
“Adien coming into the room,” he answered. With his eyes closed, his fingers made circles on the flesh of her hip, sending a continuous flow of tingling desire through her.
Oh, so that’s his problem. She thought as she tried to ignore the feeling of his touch against her skin.
“I don’t have a problem.”
Right. “What’s wrong?” She softly asked him as she caressed his jaw, the new growth of whiskers tickling her hand as she waited for him to answer.
Radien couldn’t help but turn his head to her touch and nip the palm of her hand, that immediately sent desire pulsing through them. He heard her breath catch and smiled. He would never get tired of her reaction to him.
“Don’t try and distract me.” She meant to sound stern, but it came out more as a needy moan.
With a heavy sigh, Radien finally decided to answer the question. “I tried talking to him, but he won’t speak to me… I don’t know how to reach him.”
The frustration and confusion in him called to her. “Let me talk to him.”
“If he won’t listen to me and I’m his brother, how can you get through to him?” He opened his eyes and pinned her with a questioning stare.
Well, that hurt. She was even a little insulted. It wasn’t what he said that hurt her feelings, but his tone and the lack of confidence he had in her. The scowl on her face must have reflected her thoughts because she felt his arms around her as he began to apologize.
“I didn’t mean it like that. How could I ever doubt you? You saved my life in more ways than one, but this is Adien.” He sighed and kissed her forehead, then laid his head back on the pillows.
Propping herself on her elbows, Melody stared down at him. “Well, he did save my life and take care of me until you came.” She smiled at him. “He has a soft spot for me. I can feel it even though I have never said two words to him. I think I can talk some sense into him.”
True. “I guess you could.” Radien agreed as he fixed his gaze on her. In the silence between them, he could smell her arousal and when her eyes began to glow he couldn’t resist the urge to kiss her. He gripped her by the back of her neck and pulled her to him, their lips crushing into each other for a needy and passionate kiss. Her moaned echoed in his ears as she pressed her body closer to his. Radien used his tongue to coax her to open her mouth wider so he could slide his tongue into her warmth. She didn’t hesitate to accommodate him. Desire pulsed through them as their tongues danced with each other and their heavy breaths mingled together.
His desire radiating through him, Radien let out a low and sensual growl from the back of his throat and in one fluid movement he had her pinned under him.
“Enough about my brother,” Radien growled. He dipped his head in the curve of her neck and nipped the sensitive flesh there, causing a soft moan to escape her as she rubbed herself against him.
“Radien,” she moaned his name and rubbed her wanting body against his, the only thing separating their heated bodies were the sheets that covered them.
 “Know why I love Dreamscape?” She was breathless as she whispered in his ear. The sheet had moved and uncovered her full breast. As she took breaths against him, her hardened nipples caressed his bare chest, making goose bumps break out across his body. When he felt one of her hands slide across the top of his birthmark he moaned and his body jerked from the sensation.
“Why?” He asked as he licked the inside of her ear.
“Because… I can do this.” In one moment, Radien had her pinned under him planning on ravishing her, the next moment she was straddling him. The tip of his cock moistening as he waited for her, he could feel her wet heat and he lifted his hips slightly rubbing himself against her enough to make her shudder and pinned him under her bright gaze.
“Such a bad boy,” she kissed him hard as she settled her moist flesh on him, taking him deep into her needing body. She rose up and glided back down onto him, this time making the both of them moan in unison.
“Like that, did you.” She taunted him as she began a slow and pleasurably torturous movement up and down his shaft as he gripped her hips and watched her breast move with her movement.
Radien loved the little game she was playing with him, especially with the electrical flow of pleasure that was going through his body as she moved on him. But, he had his own game that he wanted to play.
“Yeah, but I am going to like this even more.” Still inside her he flipped her on her back. With a groan of satisfaction his mouth came down on hers at the same time he drove himself inside of her…

When she had finally rested enough, she woke and stretched her stiff body, her unexpected movements causing Radien to stir next to her in the bed. She smiled as he wrapped his arm possessively around her waist.
“Where are you going?” His rough voice vibrated through her body, his eyes still closed and his breathing even, it would appear to anyone else that he was still half sleep. But to her, she knew by the hardening of his body that he was fully awake and aware of his surroundings.
Touching her hand to his face, the rough feel of newly grown whiskers tickled her hand. She planted a soft kiss on his lips. “I have to use the bathroom.” She went to move, but his hold tightened around her. “Radien, if you keep me here, I am going to use the bathroom with you in the bed.” She laughed at the frown that appeared on his face as he reluctantly let her go. “I’ll be quick.” She kissed him quickly on the lips and eased out the bed.
The low growl that echoed through the room made her turn a questioning look to her mate, who was now staring at her with glowing eyes.
“Please cover yourself. We are still in my brother’s home, and though I am trying to make amends with him, I don’t want to pluck his eyes out the sockets for seeing you… naked.” He growled and with a snap of his fingers, he covered her in an oversized T-shirt that covered her past the knees.
“Happy now?” Melody mocked with a shake of her head. The devouring look he gave her before he answered made shocks of pleasure go through her body. From the tip of her nose to the bottom of her feet she craved him. She knew that if they lived forever, she would never get tired of the way he looked at her.
“A little.” He responded, breaking her out of her thoughts as she watched him ease out of the bed and stalk towards her. His naked body made her heart skip a beat as she watched each defined muscle in his body contract and relax with his powerful movement. “I’ll be happier if I was buried inside you.” He backed her into the closed door, his arms on each side of her, pinning her between the coldness of the door and his hot flesh. She stared into his eyes that glowed with such intensity that it almost blinded her. “I will never grow tired of being inside of you.” He dipped his head to her neck. Her breath caught as she felt him inhale her scent and he hardened even more against her. “I will never tire of your scent.” He pulled back just enough to look into her flushed face. She bit her lip and raked her hand through his soft hair, which made him groan and crush his lips to hers.
Damn it, she could kiss him all day, but if she didn’t stop this soon she would be pissing on herself where she stood. “Radien, I have to use the bathroom.” Her voice low and husky from her desire, she broke their kiss. She watched as he backed away from her, the promise of finishing what they started shinning in his eyes and in the seductive smirk on his lips.
“I’ll be right back.” She told him as she tried to gather her wits. Her joints stiff from their lack of use made her off balance and shaky as she carefully made her way out the room.
“I could just carry you.” Radien offered.
“Yes, but you know as well as I do that if you touch me, I will never make it to the bathroom,” the look that he gave her made shocks of desire rush through her. “I think I can manage.” She jerked her gaze from him and his naked body and opened the bedroom door, carefully making her way into the hallway. Trying her best not to trip over her own feet and fall flat on her face.
“Jesus, I feel like an old woman.” Melody grumbled to herself as she wandered down the hallway. When she caught the smell of food her stomach instantly rumbled. She was starving. She couldn’t remember the last time she ate any real food. Her mouth watered and she forgot about her filled bladder and followed the scent of baking chicken down the hall and into the kitchen.
“Take it you’re hungry.” Her eyes snapped open at the unfamiliar voice. Her gaze went over to the stove and locked on to a familiar face she had seen once before. She would never forget those emerald green eyes or the uniquely shaded brown of his hair.
“Starving,” she smiled tenderly. Her eyes followed his movements as he bent over and opened the oven, the sweet smell of seasoned chicken, making her stomach grumble in anticipation and hunger. She examined his tense body language closely as he opened the oven and pulled out a plump and juicy looking chicken. She took a step forward drool slowly forming at the sides of her mouth.
“Have a seat.” He told her in a low voice.
Silently, she walked over to the counter placed in the middle of the kitchen. Carefully, with a sore body, she eased onto the stool and waited patiently as her tense host carved and served the food.
“You need a lot of meat right now to help you with the healing.” He turned to her then and she had to admit that he was one of the handsomest men that she had ever seen; she would bet a lot of women dropped to their knees under that stare. Even so, he didn’t make her body spark with desire like his brother did, but his emerald green eyes reminded her of a tropical rainforest. Life and vitality shinned brightly in him, yet she could see the inner turmoil that he hid within.
As he approached her, his fluid movements resembled those of Radien’s. The small difference being that his movements seemed more urgent while Radien’s seemed lax, stalker-ish even.
“We haven’t formerly met…” He smiled, but it didn’t quite reach his eyes. He flashed a pair of sharp, bright teeth. Had it been a few weeks ago that would have scared her shitless, but now it seemed to add to his deadly charm. “Name’s, Adien.” Sitting the food down in front of her he extended his hand to her.
“Melody,” she smiled and gave her his hand.
“I know.” He planted a light kiss on her knuckles, and then he stepped back away from her. “Eat.” He ordered her with a movement of his head. Then he went about fixing his own plate.
“Thank you.” She told him. The subtle nod of his head let her know that he knew she was thanking him for more than just the food.
Taking her gaze away from him, she focused on her plate. Her mouth watered as she placed the first piece of tender chicken in her mouth. The moment that juicy white meat entered her mouth a moan of delectable pleasure came from deep within her. She wanted to ravish the food, to wolf it down, but she kept in mind that Adien was in the room and she tried to eat with some type of manners.
“Dig in.” She heard him say. She blushed that she was so transparent, but then she gulped down her food like a starved mad man.

Adien watched her with intense fascination. He had never seen another living being eat that much food as fast as she did. Not even he could do that. But he guessed, if he hadn’t eaten in a week he would be starving too. As he studied her face, he took in the differences between her and her sister. She wasn’t slender and toned like her older sister, and now that she was mated to his brother, her once dark brown hair was now pure white. But she still held a beautiful light in her that was exactly what Radien needed. Even though he envied his brother, he was still, regrettably, happy that someone out there could put a smile back on his face.
“There’s more if you want.” Adien told her after he watched her devour the food on her plate. He took her plate and piled more food onto it.
“Thank you.” She grumbled with a mouth full of food, some of which fell out the corner of her mouth as she spoke.
“No problem.” Adien was amused by the female. She swallowed her mouth full of food and smiled at him. It was a sincere smile that caused him to smile back. He leaned back against the counter. With his arms crossed over his chest, he watched her. But watching her only made his mind wander to a pair of golden eyes and a lithe body that made his body harden and the beast in him pant.
Melody continued to stare at him as she ate. She was curious about Adien. She could see how he suffered. He had a look of longing on his face and sadness in his eyes that made her want to comfort him. He seemed so far off in his own world… she knew that face all too well.
Finished eating, she pushed the plate to the side. She watched as he came back to reality and walked over to take her plate.
“Better.” He asked as he sat the plate in the sink and began to wash it.
“Much.” She said to his back. He turned back around to face her. There was a tense silence between them as they continued to study each other. “Do you think we look alike?” She finally asked. She felt a smile at the corners of her mouth at his thoughtful expression.
“Yes,” was his clipped response.
She smiled then. Everyone seemed to be taken with her sister, and it seemed that Adien was no exception. She could easily see them fitting into each other’s lives, his gorgeousness complimented her sister’s beauty and both of them had eyes that were hypnotizing and out of this world.
She found herself wondering if…
”You have one too don’t you.” It wasn’t a question, but an observant statement.
 Adien nodded his head.
“Can I see it?”
Adien wasn’t so sure about that. He didn’t want to think about how Radien would react if he walked into the kitchen and saw his mate running her hands over another man’s body. He doubted if it would matter that it was an innocent touch. Shit, with their past, he wouldn’t believe it either.
“Can I see it?” She asked. “I promise I’ll be quick.” The look in her eyes made him walk over to her. She watched him intensely with curiosity as he began to unbutton his shirt.
Thoughts raced through her head. Was it on his back like Radien’s? Or someplace that would make her cheeks flush?
Carefully, he undid the buttons and when he reached the last button his shirt hung open and his mark was before her wide eyes.
It was beautiful. She had never seen anything like it. A tree that expanded over his abs and stomach, the branches were bare and twisted in an elegant pattern. The tips of the branches stretched out in various directions. In the middle of those twisted branches rested his Trinity mark. Her gaze traveled down the length of the tree, its roots disappeared under the belt of his pants.
Absently, her hand reached to trace the outline of the tree. But she stopped and jerked her hand back and looked up at him.
“May I?” She asked. She noticed the emotions that played across his face before he gave her a hesitant nod. Smiling at him, she reached out and traced the tips of the branches with her fingertips. His body tensed and he sucked in his breath as her hand moved down to the base of the tree. “Can you take the shirt off?” She wanted to see the full effect of his mark, and she had to make sure that her guessing about him was right.
Melody, what is taking you so long? Radien’s voice echoed in her head, vibrating through her body, reminding her of what was waiting for her back in the bedroom. She managed to ignore him. She was fascinated with Adien’s mark. Where Radien’s mark made her spark with desire and need, Adien’s sent a soothing vibration through her.
Strange, if she recalled correctly her sister had a mark similar to his on her side. No way. Melody gasped and jerked her hand away. She looked up at Adien who was frowning at her in confusion. She smiled softly at him and wondered if he would have the same effect on her sister that his brother had on her. “You know-”
“Radien’s coming.” His dead tone cut her off and made her blood run cold.
Great. Just what she needed right now, for her overly protective mate to come into the kitchen and see her there with nothing but a T-shirt on and his brother half naked. They already hated each other, this was only going to add fuel to the fire. Yeah, she really didn’t like the way this looked.
“Here, put your shirt on.” She bent down to get retrieve his shirt from the floor.
 Big mistake, just as she bent over to get Adien’s discarded shirt, Radien walked into the kitchen. Slowly, she stood and let the shirt remain on the floor and met Radien’s intense glowing eyes. Her heart was racing and her palms sweating as she watched his gaze travel from her to his bare chest brother and back to her.
Anger and rage oozed out of him and tic worked in his jaw. She noticed his hands twitched and then started to glow.
Oh shit. “Radien, it’s not what it…” She started to explain, but the fierce growl that vibrated from Radien a moment before he blasted his brother left her speechless.

He couldn’t think straight. His vision turned red from his fury. All he could see was his woman bending over and his arrogant brother standing behind her. Radien had waited impatiently for her to return from the bathroom. When she was taking too long he became worried that somehow his father’s defenses had failed and Iraon had found her again. His paranoia caused him to leave the bedroom and search for her. But his paranoia quickly turned to suspicion as he walked down the hallway. He could hear her and his brother whispering in the kitchen. Then it was quiet... too quiet. He stormed into the kitchen and what he saw was worse than he expected. He saw the shock in her eyes, then the amusement in his brother’s eyes when he walked into the kitchen. His body shook with the weight of his fury as he looked back and forth between them. He heard Melody start to explain what was going on but the sly smirk, his brother’s face sent him over the edge. Before either one of them could say another word, Radien let loose a blast of energy that came faster than Adien expected slamming him into the counters in the kitchen. Before the bastard he called a brother could get to his feet, Radien was on top of him with his fist connecting with Adien’s skull.
In the midst of his brother’s attack, Adien somehow managed to get away from Radien’s advancing fist and appeared across the room. Blood trickled from the corners of his mouth and nose. If he was in pain he gave no outward sign of it, all that could be seen from his bruised face was the violent rage that was coursing through his body. They faced off with a thousand years of hatred reflected in their stares. Both of them in their fury forgetting that Melody was in the room charged at each other, clashing fists into each other’s anatomy. They met each other blow for blow at a lightning fast speed, so much so that even with her enhanced senses, Melody had a hard time keep up with who was hitting who. What she managed to see was Radien swing at Adien and Adien block before the hit could shatter his jaw. All they were was bury movements that made her head dizzy trying to keep up.
Until the room became deadly quiet and she saw Radien’s hand wrapped around Adien’s throat, holding him in the air. Gasping for air, Adien struggled to break free of his brother’s death grip, but it had all been in vain if anything all Adien’s struggle did was cause Radien to apply more pressure.
Melody knew that Radien was going to kill his brother. Adien seemed to know it too, as he sent a pleading look over to Melody trough swollen eyes.
“Radien,” she called out to him. Instead of answering her, a deep and dark growl seeped out of him. His grip on Adien tightened. Any tighter and his neck would snap, slowly, his vision began to lose focus and everything around him became dim, he could hear his own heart beat in his ears.
“Radien,” Melody not only called out to him, but mentally she reached for him. Slowly, and a bit scary, his head turned to her and his bright gaze met hers. Carefully, she approached him until she stood within arm’s reach.
“He touched you.” His voice was downright scary, deep and dark, a mix between man and beast. A voice that would have made any other woman, or man for that matter, piss on themselves, but Melody wasn’t frightened. She knew that he presented no danger to her, only to his brother. Actually the power that he was emitting off of him was electrifying the air between them, making her wanton of him. That was until she saw Adien turn blue and go limp in Radien’s grip.
“Let him go.” She demanded then as her own eyes started to glow from anger at his unnecessary violence.
“He touched you.” He growled as he looked at Adien and then back to her. He paused as his gaze slowly going over her body, his possessive examination of her made her body tingle. Then his free arm shot out and pulled her to him. Dropping his limp brother to the floor, he wrapped his arms around her and buried his face into the crook of her neck. His nostrils flared as he deeply inhaled her scent and immediately his body relaxed… a little. With a frustrated growl, he flashed them into the bedroom.

When they appeared in the room, Melody was thrown onto the bed. Before she could take her next breath Radien’s mouth was covering hers with a possessiveness and desire that shocked her all the way to her toes. She moaned into his kiss, as his tongue demanded access to her. Happily, she accommodated him, allowing his tongue to stroke her, coaxing her tongue into his mouth allowing him to gently suck her tongue.
Moaning, she wrapped her arms around his neck as her legs found their favorite place around his waist. She molded her body to his.
“We are leaving.” He whispered harshly into her ear. Quickly following his voice, she felt his tongue dance around in her ear, down the exposed flesh of her neck, making liquid lighting pour through her body.
“Radien,” she moaned against his neck. She could feel his hands traveling down and under the shirt she was wearing, his large and warm hands feeling like a silk caress against her needing flesh. His mouth coming back to hers, as his fingers gently squeezed the tips of her nipples, once again making her moan into his mouth and her back arch. She could feel his erection pressing into her core. She purred and rotated her hips.
“Let’s go home.” He practically growled as he broke their kiss. “There are things that I am going to do with that supple body of yours that doesn’t belong in my brother’s bed.” He didn’t wait for her response, with her legs still wrapped around him, he picked her up off the bed and wrapped his arms around her. “No other man shall see or smell you the way you are now.” Cupping her bare ass, he eased two fingers into her. He caught her gasp in his mouth as they vanished from Adien’s apartment to their bedroom in Oblivion.
Epilogue

A Month Later…

The scent of vanilla caressed her nose as she parked her car in the driveway of her house. She had a long and exhausting day and she couldn’t wait to take a long hot bath and lay in her bed with her mate.
What is he up to? Melody thought as she turned her ignition off. It was late in the evening as she exited her car, the chilled air of the night making her huddle into her coat. Briskly she walked up her porch steps, where the scent of vanilla grew stronger and mingled in the air with the dark and spicy scent of Radien.
Radien? She reached for him with her mind as she pulled her house keys out of her purse.
My beauty? The sound of his voice, even in her head made her body tingle and crave for his touch.
What are you up to? She questioned him as she put her key into the door.
You’ll see.
She shook her head at his playfulness, as the anticipation of what he had planned for her coursed through her. Walking through the door, she stopped short and her breath caught when she laid eyes on him standing a few feet away from her. The house was dark except for the candles that were lit throughout the hallway. The candle dancing across his face made him sexier than he already was. Her eyes roamed over him, standing in front of her with nothing but a pair of black slacks and a red bow tie around his thick neck. She could see every inch of his muscled chest along with the flexing of his abs with each breath he took. His hair pulled back into a pony tail, he looked like an edible waiter… that she couldn’t wait to eat up.
“I’ve missed you.” His glowing gaze focused on her, she could feel him undressing her with his eyes and feel the need and desire in him rise.
“I’ve missed you, too.”
With that a slow and seductive smile spread across his face. A smile that still dazzled her every time she saw it, she didn’t think she would ever get used to his beauty. Like the predator he was, he stalked towards her.
“Let’s get rid of this coat.” He growled into her ear.
“Hmm,” was all she managed to say with him standing so close. His scent was intoxicating.
He wrapped an arm around her waist, pulling her into his body. Every part of her body pressed intimately against his caused her nipples to harden and tingles go through her body. His other hand reached behind her head, snatching out the clip that pinned her hair up. “That’s better.” He watched with male satisfaction as she shook her head and her hair fell down her body.
She was helpless when she was in his arms. His electric touch stripped her bare and his gaze always devoured her.
“Let me bathe you.” He didn’t wait for her permission before they vanished from the front door and reappeared in the bathroom, their lips locked in a passionate kiss…
After he had made sure to bathe her thoroughly, Radien carried his towel covered mate to their bed. Gently he laid her down while his eyes remained on her face.
“Stay there.” He told her. She opened her mouth the question him, but she quickly closed it and relaxed against the bed trusting him to please her the way she needed to be pleased.
It took all his self-control and will power not to rip the towel from around her and bury himself deep inside her. “Turn over.” He instructed her. His voice strained by his own desire. She gave him a sinful once over and rolled over in the most seductive way onto her stomach, her long hair splayed across the bed. He couldn’t bite back the whimper knowing that he could easily slide his way inside her. But he fought the urge to do just that as he eased onto the bed beside her. He wanted to take his time with her. He knew she was still tense from what she had been through and he wanted to spend the whole night relaxing her, reassuring her that she was safe and loved. She shifted on the bed and the towel rode up exposing her glorious rear to him, and if he didn’t know any better he would have sworn she did that on purpose from the sexy laugh she gave him.
Damn him, if he didn’t find something to cover up her bare ass he wasn’t going to have time to be gentle and as reassuring as he wanted to be.
“Where are you going?” She asked as she felt him leave her side.
“I have plans, but your bare ass is distracting me. So I have to get something to cover you up… a little.” He heard her laugh and then sigh, relaxing again.
Shaking his head clear of all the dirty images that raced through his mind, Radien ran over to the dresser, pulling out a pair of black panties, he returned to the bed. Then he bent down and slid the silky underwear up her thick thighs, which gave him some sanity, though if he was honest, he was going to enjoy taking those panties off with his teeth.
He eased back onto the bed, pushing her hair off to the side as he planted kisses on her back, making sure to get her Trinity mark as well, which caused her to moan and move her hips. Fighting his own desires, for now, he replaced his lips with his hands.
A soft moan escaped her lips as his fingers ran down the line of her spine and over the soft curves of her ass. He massaged the inside of each of her thighs, teasing her when his finger lightly grazed her heat.
“Radien,” she whispered softly against the fluffed pillow.
“What is it, my beauty?” His deep voice vibrated through her body. His breath was hot against the side of her face while his hands moved back up her spine.
“Radien,” she moaned again. His name was all she could say at the moment while she was consumed by his exploring touch.
“Tell me what you need?” Now his hands rubbed her neck. She purred in the back of her throat. Slowly, his hands made their way down her body and into her panties. “Tell me.” He demanded against her ear as he toyed with her.
She opened her mouth, but all she could do was let out another moan.
“Tell me.” His voice was deeper… more intoxicating, and it made her rub herself against his fingers.
 “You,” he heard her whisper as she rubbed herself against his touch again.
Melody heard him give a purely male laugh a moment before she was flipped onto her back and staring into a pair of glowing eyes. She was pinned under him, his arms, pinning hers above her head and his knee placed provocatively between her legs as the towel fell from her body. She rubbed herself against his leg, she smiled when his breath caught and his body shuddered. Then he pinned her with a stare that melted her heart.
“My beauty… my light… my love,” there was so much tenderness in his tone and in the way his face softened, that it made her heart clench and tears well in her eyes.
“I love you.” She whispered softly to him. His eyes shined even brighter with joy and his lips captured hers. She moaned at the salty and manly taste of him. Her legs found their spot around his waist as he freed her hands and she embedded them in his hair. She cradled him with her body as his lips continued to move masterfully against hers, sending what seemed like a never ending pulse of desire through her.
She needed him. Her mind, body, and soul were his.
“I am forever yours.” He broke their kiss long enough to whisper against her lips, and then he captured her lips again. She could feel the heat in her rise at the feel of his hands going down the sides of her body. Her flesh was on fire as her nipples pressed against the flesh of his chest.
His hands roamed over the soft flesh of her stomach, then up to her full breast. Teasingly, he pinched her heard peaks, making her squirm against him. The electricity between them made him harden to the point that his erection was pressed painfully into the front of his slacks. He craved to be inside her, to ravage her, but he would take his time and show her how much she meant to him. Her body hummed with desire as she rubbed herself against him. Her seductive movement made him grind his teeth together in an effort to keep a less than manly whimper from escaping his lips.
“Radien” She titled her head to the side, allowing him more access to her neck. He licked the length of her column, down her collar bone until he was able to pull one of her nipples into his mouth. He suckled on her making her hiss in pleasure “Radien.”
He loved it when she moaned his name. “My beauty,” he said as he released one nipple for the other, his other hand finding its way to her core.  He rubbed her swollen clit. She squirmed under him, rotating her hips as her hands remained in his hair. His tongue flicked her nipple. She gasped again, this time her hands gripping his hair. Her legs dropped from his waist. Her body was shaking with each rub that he gave her core. She was on the edge, but he didn’t want her to cum just yet. He removed his hand and palmed both her breasts.
Slowly ,he used his tongue to trail a line from her breast to the fabric that covered her from his hungry gaze. His nostrils flared as the scent of her consumed him, his mouth watered for a taste of her. She was dripping wet for him and he was going to enjoy drinking her up.
He heard her purr in satisfaction and could feel her eyes on him as he gripped the flimsy piece of fabric between his teeth. Making sure he had her attention, their bright gazes locked on to each other as he slowly pulled the panties off. Leaving her open before his hungry gaze. Tossing the useless fabric to the floor, he licked his lips. He gripped the sides of her thighs and pushed her legs further apart. He dipped his head down between her legs giving her a long and slow lick. The taste of her filled his mouth. Her eyes closed as she gripped his head and held him in place. Growling Radien let go of her thighs and gripped her by the hips, dragging her further onto his tongue. Her legs braced on his shoulders, he went to work on the feast in front of him. The taste of her on his tongue was ecstasy to his senses. He couldn’t think of anything that tasted better than his Melody. With every slow lick and teasing suck she filled his mouth. Her soft moans filled his ears as he tongued her. He slid two fingers inside of her needing body. She rocked her hips against the skill of his tongue and fingers. Her legs locked around his neck as her back arched with her impending climax. She pushed his head closer to her body.
He growled with satisfaction. His tongue quickly replaced his fingers inside of her. That was enough to send her over the edge. Her body seized, and her core gripped his tongue as his name ripped from her. She exploded with pleasure.
When her body finally stopped spasming and he had licked her dry he lifted his head to stare at her. The sweat from her forehead had her hair sticking to her head. Her cheeks were flushed and her eyes were glowing brighter than his. With a crook of her finger, she motioned for him. Slowly, he crawled back up her body, nipping her on the hip and neck as he made his way back up to her lips. Once again, her legs wrapped around his waist and she rubbed herself against his erection. Already wet for him again.
“More?” Radien whispered to her as he rubbed his hardness against her hot core. She purred in the back of her throat and rubbed her body against his.
“I need you.” Her voice was laced with passion as she spoke. She unhooked her legs from his waist, watching him as he stood over her, the promise of ultimate pleasure on his face as he stared down at her.
She propped herself on her arms so she could get a full view of him as he reached for the button of his slacks. Her eyes roamed hungrily over his ripped body and the way his muscles contracted and relaxed with his breathing.
Radien watched, his erection pulsing as she crawled provocatively as she could across the bed to him, her eyes as promising as her sly smile. His cock jerked as he watched her turn her plump ass to him, positioning it high in the air. That had to be the most beautiful view he had ever seen. Of their own accord his hands gripped her wide hips and pulled her back closer to him as the head of his cock rubbed against the soft folds of her cleft. He heard her moan as she rubbed herself against him. This time he couldn’t fight back his groan as the warm and wet feel of her seeped into him.
“Is this how you want me?” He gripped himself and rubbed against her wetness again, letting her coat the head of his cock.
“Yes.” She moaned on her knees and elbows in front of him, her hair falling from her back to the bed.
Smiling to himself, he slipped two fingers inside her, making sure she was wet enough for him. Satisfied, he removed his fingers and entered her all the way to the hilt. They moaned in unison as sparks of pleasure went through them.
“My beauty,” he breathed as he started to move back and forth inside her, slowly making sure to give her ultimate pleasure. Looking at where they joined the sight of her wetness coating him almost made him cum.
“Harder.” She ordered him as she raised herself up so that she was on all fours.
More than happy to comply, Radien used one hand to grip her hip while the other gripped her hair, forcing her to arch her back to give him more access to her. Moving himself faster inside her, he continued to let her warm and inviting body seep into him.
“So wet… tight… perfect.” He groaned as he continued to push himself into her. His arm wrapping around her waist, she repositioned herself so that her back was to his chest as he slowed his motion to a sensual rhythm that had her breathing heavy and her body grinding against his. His hand left her hair, letting it fall over his shoulder as his hand came around her body to cup her breast. He rolled her nipple between his forefingers. While the hand that was around her waist made its way down her heated body, until he reached her wet folds. Gently he massaged her swollen clit as he surged into her. The feel of his hands and him moving inside her was almost more than her senses could take.
 “Radien,” she cried out his name a moment before she shattered into an electrifying orgasm that had Radien releasing  his own climax. He erupted inside of her with a triumphant roar before they both collapsed onto the bed.
He rolled off her back and wrapped her in his arms brining her back to his chest. He started to drift into a deep sleep when he felt her shift in his arms. He opened his eyes to find a pair of glowing eyes staring tenderly at him.
Her hand lightly caressed his face as she planted a soft kiss on his lips.
Radien studied her face for the hundredth time as his hand rubbed her back and over her bare hips. She was perfection and she was his. With that in mind, he closed his eyes and waited for her to say what was on her mind.
“Radien,” she whispered to him, her hand now massaging his scalp. He savored her touch, it was enough to make him curl into her and sleep, “Radien?”
“Yes, my beauty.” He opened his eyes and the intensity of her gaze made him focus. He knew she had something on her mind. He had been sensing it all day, he could have scanned her mind, but he had a feeling she was keeping him out on purpose. “What is it?”
“How do you feel about children… say twins?”
Ok, he wasn’t expecting that. He couldn’t respond. His reflex kicked in and he shot up in the bed almost knocking her off the other side.
“Radien?” He felt her hand on his back, tracing the outline of his mark, making the hair on his arms stand up, “Radien?”
“Are you saying you’re pregnant?” He sounded out of it.
“Yes.” She responded.
“How long?”
She gave an exhausted sigh and he turned to face her.
“I think before the fight… at least that’s what your mother said. She said that was one of the reasons why I wasn’t healing as fast as I should have.”
It all made sense. How could he not have known? He was going to be a father… a father of twins no less. He should have been panicked with all that they were going to face, but all he felt was an absolute joy flow through him. A wide smile spread across his face. Before she knew it, Radien wrapped her tightly in his arms and rained kisses all over her face. She giggled happily as tears started to flow down her face.
“I love you.” He said tenderly to her in between his kisses.
More tears streamed down her face. “I love you… now and forever.” She cried happily as she kissed him back, wrapping her body around him as he cradled her tightly in his arms. Closing her eyes, she let the joy of the moment flow through her. Thanking the higher powers for blessing her with such a man and now children. Never in her wildest dreams did she think she could be this happy. Even though she knew that the road ahead of them was dangerous, but so long as Radien was by her side she could live through anything.
Her life was perfect… complete.

### 
COMING SOON…

Book Two

ETERNAL EARTH
A Hound Series Novel
Keep going for Sneak Peak…
It was rare that Adien, Trinity Hound of Earth, one of the most powerful beings in existence and ultimate playboy, let himself become flustered over a woman; an even longer time since he had sulked in his unwanted desire, instead of bedding some beauty with large breast. Yet here he sat, at the bar, in the most elegantly decorated ballroom he had ever seen. Round tables were covered with soft cream colored tablecloths that complimented expertly polished wooden floors. Softly lit candles stood as centerpieces for each table, and were surrounded by a small bouquet of wild flowers. Scattered about were various draping and other decorations that not only added to the overly priced feel of the room but also Adien’s boredom.
Giving a heavy sigh, he downed the rest of his drink. The dark alcohol burned as it traveled down his throat. Finished, he slammed the glass down on the table with more force than he intended. Ignoring the bartender’s glare he turned his attention back to his surroundings. His emerald gaze scanned the large crowd of bodies while he tuned out the dull music that echoed through the room.
What the hell am I doing here? He thought for the hundredth time. Why had he allowed his bastard brother to drag him out of his safe haven? He had been in the middle of some serious fondling; palming supple breast while a slim hand stroked his hard cock when Radien showed up. His dark aura instantly ruined their mood. The woman’s desire quickly turned to fear as he looked up at his brother’s hulking figure. One glance at him and she was dressed. Running out of the room faster than any other woman he had ever met.
Damn it. Damn him.
His brother had cost him a hard earned release. He would make the male pay for his actions. Why did they have to bring him here? Nothing good would come from this… nothing good at all…
A year, that’s how long it had been since he had last seen her, his golden eyed obsession. Three hundred and sixty five days since he last felt a flutter in his chest or heat in his veins. From the moment he had met her, his life had taken a turn for the worst. He no longer found himself excited by the women he brought to his bed. But in an effort to rid his mind of her, he continued to bed nameless women. Still, no matter how many women he had, her face was the one he saw in his dreams. Even with the big breasted beauty he had been unable to get it up. It had taken him picturing golden eyes, filled with lust, staring at him and the scent of wild forest trees for him to get aroused.
Damn her.
She was all he could think about. His emotions were out of control. After all this time she still consumed his thoughts. The feel of her warm skin against his lingered in his senses, her earthly scent remained engraved in his mind. The only time he felt anything like his old self was when he thought of her, holding her, touching her… fucking her senseless on the ballroom’s hardwood floors.
With a heavy groan, Adien turned back towards the bar. He was going to need a few more drinks if he was going to make it through this party. Maybe if he got wasted he could ignore the thick erection pushing against the fly of his slacks.
“Let me get another round,” he told the bartender, who continued to glare him. Too distracted to care about the overweight man’s unexplained hostility, Adien waited for his drinks. His mind wandering back to that night a year ago when he had first seen her, more like stalking her from her closet. Back then he hadn’t had time for tact. His brother had needed him. The life of Radien’s mate had been at stake. While at the time, he and Radien were enemies, he couldn’t sit back and let an innocent woman suffer for something she had no control over. Taking the high road, he had promised to bring back the only thing that could save his brother’s mate. What he hadn’t expected was for the woman they needed to be the same one to be the end of him. Knocking her unconscious, basically kidnapping her, he had taken one look at her lax face and felt his world shatter. Wrapped in nothing but a towel at the time, her tanned skin was exposed to his hungry gaze. As he took her in, his body hardening with each passing moment she remained in his arms, her towel fell open, exposing more of her delectable flesh.
Beautiful… mine. He had thought as he continued to take her in. A darker mark, several shades darker than her skin had caught his attention. Feeling like a pervert, but unable to stop himself, he took a look under her towel and froze. There, on her side rested the same birthmark he had been born with. Panic had consumed him, flushing out any desire that he had previously felt. Their matching marks served a purpose, a purpose that would alter both their worlds. The fates had pulled a cruel prank on him by making her his destined mate. Especially, since he refused to ever take a make, he would let his brother keep the lovey dovey feelings. A mate was not something he wanted. He would never trust another woman with his heart. Not after what happened last time with Persephone, currently Hades’s, the God of the Underworld, wife and ex-lover of his brother.
She had used him, pretended to care about him only to get to his brother. Like a fool he had believed her lies. He had blindly believed she loved him. But in reality the goddess only loved power. Because of her, his relationship with his brother had been destroyed. Their selfish actions haunted Adien for over a thousand years. He was wounded and jaded. The only person he trusted, besides himself, was his brother’s mate. She alone proved to be worthy. She was the only reason the relationship between him and his brother had significantly improved. They no longer wanted to kill each other… just beat each other to a bloody pulp, occasionally. Not even his own father had earned his trust. In fact, he probably disliked his father as much, if not more, than Radien.
Yet even with all that had occurred, there was a part of him, a part of his self that he hated that wanted the bond that his brother had with his mate. Being honest with himself, he had grown tired of the revolving door of women that entered his life. He was bored with the nameless women that groped and threw themselves at him because of his looks, power, and wealth. Secretly, he yearned for one person who would see him for all that he was. Not just a meal ticket or a fun fuck. But to get what he wanted he would have to open himself up again. He would have to place his heart in the hands of another person and that was something he was never going to do… ever.
“Here,” the bartender’s harsh tone drew Adien from his sulking. When the man slammed the drinks down in front of him, Adien looked the man over. Unimpressed by what he saw. Fat and balding, wearing clothes too small for his body, he reminded Adien of squishy goo. However, that did not excuse that fact that the male had pissed him off. Giving the balding man a chilling glare of his own, Adien fought for control over his rising temper. It wouldn’t be wise for him to kill the man in a public place. But if he didn’t gain control over his hostile emotions, Adien couldn’t be held accountable for his actions. “Drink up.” The man sneered at him. Before Adien thought better of it, he reached across the bar. Gripping the man by the collar he pulled him to him. Face to face, the man’s expression horrified as Adien ignored the stares from the other patrons at the bar.
“If you value your life,” Adien growled. He felt his power coursing through him. Begging for release, “you will shut the hell up, control your fucking attitude and happily serve me my damn drinks”. His eyes narrowing dangerously, he dared the man to say something. The bartender walked the very thin line of his patience. “If not, you and the glass behind you will have a nice and long conversation about server hospitality.” The man’s face drained of color. “Understood?” The man nodded his head. “Good.”
Adien released him, watching with dark amusement as he stumbled to catch his balance. Saying nothing more the bartender headed over to the other end of the bar, leaving Adien to his thoughts.
It really has been a year…
With all that had happened. From his brother’s mating to his mortal enemy release, it felt much longer than just a year passing. Or maybe it seemed longer due to the long nights where he woke up in a cold sweat, his body rock hard from having wild dreams of him and his golden eyed obsession tangled in a ball of limbs.
Turning back around, he once again scanned the crowd, looking for the only thing that would bring him peace. He found her on the far side of the room surrounded by a small group of suit wearing men. Instantly his heart skipped a beat. Beyond gorgeous, absolutely beautiful, she shined in her floor length designer gown. The emerald green dress hugged her toned body with the V-cut neckline showing just enough pushed up cleavage to have his mouth watering for a taste. Her once short hair was cut into an even shorter bob, where the hair in the front was longer than the back. The hair style left her delectable neck exposed. He imagined taking his tongue and running it along the length of her slender neck to her collarbone… even lower to the swells of her breast. Picturing her in his arms again, but conscience this time, made him groan and down another shot to calm his raging hormones.
She must have felt his gaze on her. Slowly, without breaking her conversation, her eyes sought him out. When their gazes locked, Adien felt his world shift once again. For a long moment he found it hard to breathe as she continued to hold his gaze and her conversation at the same time. Mesmerized, he envied the way she was able to keep her calm while he felt as if he was going to jump out of his skin. As she broke their connection, another guest demanding her attention, the feeling of loss settled in his chest. Yet, he continued to watch her as she greeted those gathered around her. Shaking hands and smiling at each of them. Each time she smiled, even though he somehow knew it was false, desire continued to rock him. Longing assaulted him as he wondered if she would ever smile at him. Not that fake smile she gave everyone around her, but a real smile that made her eyes sparkle.
God Adien… for real? Sparkle? This is business…
“Yeah, business… there is nothing business about this,” he grumbled to himself. Still, he couldn’t take his eyes off her. Or control the rapid beating of his heart.
“There you are,” the familiar voice came from the side of him.
Dragging his attention from his obsession, he focused on the woman approaching him. At seeing her, he couldn’t help the smile that spread across his face. He watched her as she navigated her way towards him, her expression joyful and radiant. Melody, the Trinitymate of Light and his brother, Radien’s mate, was beautiful in her midnight blue gown. With her, now, snow white hair pulled into a tight bun she practically glowed. As Adien watched her, noticing the numerous pair of male eyes that followed her. The fact that her belly was large and round made no difference to the men that watched her with hungry eyes. Their desire angered him. The blatant disregard of the fact that she was clearly with child or the fact that the large diamond ring on her finger indicated she was married already, made him want to bash them over the head… repeatedly.
“Adien,” out of breath, she reached for his hand, letting him help her the rest of the way to the bar. “Thanks,” she smiled up at him.
“Not a problem.” Like always, when he was around her, he found his spirits lifted. He was able to smile easily, “wouldn’t want your oversized protector causing a scene.”
Her laugh was music to his ears. It took his thoughts away from his own horrible situation.
It never ceased to amaze him how close the two of them had become within the last year. Melody had become the sister he always wanted. On more than one occasion he found himself confiding secrets in her about himself, secrets that he wouldn’t dare tell another person.
“Adien,” she sighed as she hobbled onto the stool next to him. “You promised to cut back on your drinking.”
“And I have… for the most part.”  She rolled her eyes and he groaned in defeat.  “Cut me some slack, Melody. I’m barely holding on here.”
“You aren’t drunk yet, are you?” She asked him just as the bartender returned.
“No.” Drunk, he wasn’t drunk, far from it. He was too focused on his obsession as she chatted with the men that hovered around her like vultures. Watching men, who weren’t in the same league as her, laugh and throw flirting smiles her way made Adien more jealous then he cared to admit out loud. It was clear that every man in the damn room wanted her. He could see it in the way they looked at her, by the lust in their gazes and the subtle touches to her bare shoulder or arm.
“You better get used to that. She gets that kind of attention everywhere she goes.” Taking the drink she ordered for herself, Melody wobbled her way to her feet. Quickly, Adien held her steady as she moved from the bar stool. 
“You ok?” He asked as he took in her labored breathing.
“Yeah, thanks.” She smiled at him. “If I’d known I’d be this tired I would have taken up your brother’s offer to carry around. Well, behave yourself. I’m off.” With a wave of her hand, she made her way through the crowd of people. Leaving him alone with his thoughts and raging libido.
Growling low in his throat, Adien turned away from the sight in front of him and barked at the bartender to fix him another drink.
“This is going to be a long night.” Adien whispered to himself as he gazed back over his shoulder. His gaze lingered on her as he once again took in her enticing body and felt himself harden even more.
It was going to be an extremely long night…
About the Author

Layla Omorose graduated John Jay College with a B.A in English. She lives in New York with her family and loved ones. Currently, she is working on several new titles, including the next book in the Hound Series.

For more information about the author, previews, and updates, please visit:

https://www.facebook.com/LaylaJOmorose
http://jthomas121088.blogspot.com/
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/210615

Or contact at:

laylajomorose@gmail.com 

