

Eyiedzi: Gods and Kings
An AfroFantasy Legend





By Ato “Stretch” Ghartey-Tagoe




Upon you, I speak
Abundance in all things,
Peace in times of war,
And wisdom fit for a king.
Do not fear.
Stand up.
Take your place.
Eyiedzi.

Prologue

It is the mid-13th century in West Afrika, and the Great Ghana Empire has fallen. The peoples have fragmented, and the land has descended into frequent skirmishes among the surviving tribes over boundaries and resources. From these tribes have arisen the Mandinka and the Sosso, both overcoming the lesser tribes, both reaching for control of the region. Although the Mandinka warriors are fierce and ingenuous fighters, constantly upgrading in combat technology, the Sosso soldiers seem to outdo them at every turn in spite of their lack in organization and seemingly outdated religious outlook. Sosso weapons are embossed with adinkra symbols, which are special typescripts that are believed to imbue the wielder with supernatural protection and success. In a secret effort to gain an advantage, a small troop of Mandinka soldiers and trackers have mobilized just outside of the Akan village of Bora Edzm, the center of adinkra art production; their mission is to verify the adinkra symbol myth. On one unassuming day, two young women approach the humble village for the first time. But they are not who they seem…

Part 1: Gods

1234 AD

Mundane

“You just had to pick goats, didn’t you?” She shot her companion an accusing look as if to forever assure her that she’d never let her forget that hair-brained scheme.
She could not hold the death-stare long, however, for she was preoccupied with the largest he-goat of their small herd, which was heaving mercilessly on the leash that had its other end wound firmly round her right forearm. Having just managed to pull him back to the tiny lagoon to drink with the others, without getting trampled on, there was no way she’d let him scurry off again without a duel. But if it was a duel that she wanted, that raging he-goat was more than willing to oblige. He yanked the reinforced leather chord with one last dramatic, annoying, goat-pitched, cry for freedom. 
His fair-skinned, tall and exotically attractive captor was not to be trifled with though, as papa goat had spent most of the morning learning, yet still seemed to have completely failed to grasp. She countered his pull by stepping back, bending her knees and adopting a practical tug-of-war stance. At lightning speed, she threw forward her free hand to assist her other, grabbed the leash, and dragged him kicking and screaming toward the lagoon’s edge, where the grass stopped. As athletic as she knew she was, – and her slim build, rough palms, and toned thigh muscles most definitely showed it – it was always a shame that she never properly got a hang of watching her footing. She stepped on a slippery mound of clay mud and landed swiftly on her rear end onto a patch of soft-but-itchy grass, a few pebbles short from sliding unceremoniously into to the lagoon itself, all with a conspicuously loud thud.
“Sounds like that really hurt,” shouted her companion from the other side of the lagoon, while comfortably wading her feet in the lukewarm water. She giggled sympathetically at her friend’s comedic little misfortune. It was as if her where-did-I-leave-my-balance quirk always landed her friend in some type of trouble…trouble that she often got dragged into. She didn’t mind, though. For what would an adventure be without a smidge of trouble? She adored adventure. Or at least the idea of it. All that was left was to bring it to life. And live it.
“Oh. You think this is funny?” snapped back the athletic friend who was gathering herself off the grass, and thanking the heavens that papa goat decided to calm down and drink all on his own.
“What? It looked like you two were having a moment.” She was beginning to seriously contemplate diving into the lagoon. It felt that good.
“Well, why don’t I come over there and give you a moment, huh?” her friend threatened, shaking her clenched fist. She unwound the leash from her wrist and treaded very carefully around the shorter circumference of the lagoon to her best friend, where she’d decide whether to join her, sit and wade happily in the pool, or drown her with her bare hands for picking noisy, smelly, unruly goats of all things to bring to the village. Much to the probable dismay of all goats present, she chose the former.
“Let’s be optimistic here. It was either the goats or those huge, heavy bags filled with corn cobs. I just figured the goats would carry themselves.” She shrugged. Appealing to her slightly exasperated friend’s sense of logic seemed like the best move.
“Well, you’re right.” It worked. “It’s the big one,” she sighed, waving dismissively in papa goat’s direction. “He’s got a vendetta or something.” 
“Oh, sure. None of the usual suspects are here to compliment you about your hair, and now you’ve got man troubles.” She rolled her eyes and kissed her teeth.
“Well, at least one of us has ‘man troubles’,” she clapped back teasingly. They both laughed.
The adventurous one motioned towards papa goat. “If that’s what I get for three meals a day, in-laws and seven kids, no thank you, honey.”
“Hmm, that’s actually quite adorable.”
“Oh, you’ve got to be kid–.” She turned from her friend’s sudden baby-faced expression to look at the drinking herd. What she saw turned her own expression to a soft pillow of hearts and giggles.
“That’s not one of ours, is it?”
“Um…no,” she stammered, trying to zoom in for a closer look. “I don’t think so.”
There was a cute little goat kid that had cuddled up next to mean ol’ papa goat, who was taking the whole scenario very well. So well, in fact, that he voluntarily turned to and licked the little baby’s head, cleaning it up. The ladies’ heart’s melted, especially since it looked so different from the rest. Its fur was thicker and of a fairer shade of cream. And it seemed a bit plump for its perceived age. It also lacked a blemish, save for a cola-nut-shaped brown spot near its rear.
“There’s a perfectly wet watering trough right next to the market, you know.”
The athletic one shrieked, startled by the deep voice that had just emerged from the tall grass behind them. The adventurous one had wanted to jump into the water earlier, but for entirely different reasons. They whipped ‘round their heads in tandem, rushing to see who had managed to sneak up on the both of them. And there stood a man. He held a shepherd’s staff, and was dressed in a beautiful green and blue cloth that hung over his shoulders and wrapped around his body up to his knees. Different symbols in yellow ink littered the cloth, giving it a unique and eye-patching pattern. He was about half a head taller than the athletic one. And he smiled as he stood there, almost as if he was proud of himself for getting such a reaction out of the two women before him, even if it was unintended. 
“Oh? Uh, we didn’t…um…” The adventurous one ran out of words, leaving them all to bathe in a few moments of awkward silence. 
He figured he’d keep things moving. “Hey, as long as you get some water in you, right?” he chuckled. “My name is Jeteké.” He smiled warmly.
More awkward silence ensued. A goat yelped and then started urinating. It must have been laughing at them in its native tongue.
He cleared his throat. “Uh, well…I’ll just go ahead and –”
“Hold on. I’m sorry,” interrupted the adventurous one, recovering from her wordlessness. “We were only startled is all.” She managed to return his warm smile.
Deciding that he came in peace, the athletic one continued, “I’m Kaenaam. And verbal klutz over here is Oria.”
“Now I’m the klutz?” retorted Oria, elbowing her friend’s side in protest. 
Kaenaam laughed, reveling in her tiny moment of pay-back. She turned to the shepherd man. “What brings you out here? Not here for a drink too, I hope.”
Jeteké snickered. Thankfully, he was fluent in sarcasm. “Him, actually,” he replied, directing their attention to the sweet little critter that had stolen papa goat’s heart. He began to make his way towards the drinking herd.
“Ha! That explains it,” exclaimed Kaenaam. “I knew that goat was too big and fluffy to be one of ours.”
“Well, yes,” shouted Jeteké from across the lagoon. “That’s ‘cause he’s a sheep.” He picked up the precious little thing, and patted an uncharacteristically compliant papa goat on his head.
“Awesome. He thinks we’re phony goat herders now,” complained Kaenaam under her breath.
“Calm down. Shh,” said Oria. She smirked at the apparent pouting written all over her friend’s face. Kaenaam hated looking unintelligent or being outdone by anyone.
Jeteké rejoined the ladies with the sheep under his arm. “This little guy wandered a bit too far and got lost last night.” Baaah went the little sheep. “Anyway, what brings you two all the way out here?”
“We’re from Lâite, up north. We’ve brought these goats to barter at the market,” replied Oria.
“Ah, I see. You know, I’ve been to that village a few times, and–” he paused, and then continued, “Your dialect. It kind of sounds…a bit…”
“…weird?” finished Kaenaam. She turned to Oria. “He’s pretty good.”
Oria nodded and sent back a lightning quick knowing look. “The thing is, Jeteké, our families migrated from further up north to live with our relatives in Lâite. The land was getting very dry, you see.” She splashed her hand in the lagoon water. “We don’t have many of these lying around where we’re from.”
“Oh,” said Jeteké in a more somber tone. “I didn’t mean to pry.” He felt a momentary flash of melancholy, considering having ever to be forced out of his home by a drought.
Oria opted to lighten the mood and change the subject. “What’s beyond those trees?” She pointed behind them, over the tall grass, and past the open field.
“The Niger River; it flows west for a bit, and then continues south.” He stopped, for a simple, sweet memory had come upon him. The women sensed it, and turned to him. “It actually has a splendid view at sunset; a vivid orange-purple. The water takes on a dark navy, and sparkles with a deep red from the dusk sky.”
“It sounds beautiful.” Oria smiled, looking at the trees in the distance.
“It sounds like you don’t come here often,” Kaenaam remarked. It seemed to be in her nature to want to get even with everyone. She did, however, find the decency to try and mask her confrontational behavior somewhat. As she spoke, she drew into the rich wet soil one of the symbols that formed a repeating pattern around the waist of Jeteké’s garment. It was a spiral shape; four arms winding around the centre.
Jeteké looked at her and smirked, knowing she was onto him. “I don’t, actually.” He shrugged.
Why anyone would pass up the opportunity to immerse themselves in such a surreal sounding view every single day gave Oria a headache. ”Why ever not?”
“It’s a long story,” he said, turning back toward the lagoon. “I would love to tell you a campfire story about it, but you had better get a move on so that you get to the market before noon. That’s the best trading time.” He picked up his staff. “Oh, yes. And the market is that way. Go about a stone’s throw, and you’ll find a path going north. Just follow the noise; you’ll know when you get there. Me, I’ve got to get this little guy back with the rest.” 
“Thank you,” said Oria.
“Thank you, mister shepherd,” said Kaenaam, never one to give up on a verbal spar, even if she was sparring all by herself.
The ladies got their things together and started on their way. As they disappeared through the grass, heading toward the path, Jeteké turned once more to look at the trees past the field. And there he silently stood. The truth was that there was a part of him that longed to go to and from there as he so wished. He had felt it quite unjust that everyone else in Bora Edzm could do just that. Yes, he loved his mother to bits, but her tightly-held superstitions had kept him from many things. Like the Kanga River, for starters. It had been a few years since he’d completed his coming-of-age rituals, yet it was little fences l k i e like this that kept him f m o r from feeling like a man. From feeling…free. 
So engrossed was he that he hardly t o k n o o t i e c took notice of the three persons that walked, almost glided, a s p t past him towards the river.
“Ugh,” he thought to himself, staring blankly into sky above the trees, looking all but lifeless. “What am I getting so worked up over? It’s not like its important or anything. It’s just another bloody big body of–”

Calligrapher

“–water?” she asked for the third time, trying her level best not to get annoyed at him. “Jeteké?!”
He quickly came to. “Uh…huh? Yes, Auntie Luma?”
She walked over to the large cow skin drum in the corner of the room that was used as a table. And she sighed. “I was asking if you got the beetroot and a pale of water. But you zoned out again. It’s been happening more frequently. Are you sure there’s nothing bothering you?”
The last thing he wanted to do was give her something new to worry about, as she seemed vexed enough already. So, he neglected to mention the slight headache pounding over his right eye. “No, Auntie. It’s nothing.” He looked at her slowly fiddling with her medicine bags and the wooden and ivory omen pieces on the table. She was facing away from him, but his heart sank when he picked up on the subtle look of disappointment that she wasn’t doing a very good job of hiding. “I’m– I’m sorry. I’m sorry I’m like this.”
Luma, regretting that she allowed her consternation to show, turned to look at Jeteké. She had been there to help take care of him since he was born. Save for his mother, no one in all of Bora Edzm knew the ins and outs of his special needs. All he ever did was try to live up to what was expected of him, even when – especially when – he could not. She knew good and well that none of what was happening was his fault. But just before she could offer a word of comfort, Minanē Yé stepped through the curtain that separated her own room from the main one where they all were. And she did not look too pleased.
“How are you feeling, Mama?” asked Jeteké in a greeting tone.
“Where have you been?” Minanē questioned him point blank. She wasn’t the type to mince words.
“A lamb wandered off south bound,” he explained.
“Why didn’t you ask one of the young ones to go and get it?” she snapped, with the harsh tone evident in her voice. 
And that was exactly what he hated: when she snapped at him as if he was a misbehaved little boy. That tone really aggravated him. Did she not realize that he was more than old enough to leave their house? Did she not think that that the only reason they had to stay together was because of their separate conditions? He was at his wits’ end with that, but he looked down and held his tongue.
“Whenever I don’t know where you are, you end up some place you shouldn’t be,” she continued to rain down on him. He almost said something back, but he clinched his fist.
“Minanē, you should be lying down,” said Luma calmly, attempting to douse the impending flames. She approached Minanē, intending to lead her back into the room, where she could convince her to rest and not get her fragile heart so worked up. But Minanē held up her hand and stopped Luma dead in her tracks. She had never taken her eyes off her son.
“Did you go to the river?”
It was right then that Jeteké had enough. She was going to have to learn that she did not control him, that she could control him, and that she was never meant to control him. And so he looked up and gave her his answer. “Yes, I did.”
Luma grasped.
“Jeteké Yé! Foolish boy!” shouted Minanē, kicking down the flood gates. “I pray and pray and pray over us every day, but simple thing, you can’t do!” Luma noticed the sweat beads forming on Minanē’s face. Her temperature had shot up. “Why can’t you understand obedience?! If we as people can’t learn to obey easy instructions, why then would the gods se –”
“And where are your gods, mama?!” her son fired back. “Here you are, about to die from disease, fever, all these that keep happening to you, yet you still talk about your gods as if they even care!” His voice was shaking. “No one cares anymore about them! Not the people, not this village–”. He was finally ready to say it out loud: “–not me.”
The following few silent moments where like enduring a heavy, windy rainstorm in the darkest night without any clothes. Minanē had lost command of her ability to think, let alone put words together. But the tears welling up in her eyes said enough. Jeteké had nothing left to say, for the damage had been done. No turning back now. He quickly glanced at Luma, and then started towards the door saying, “I’m going to fetch the beetroot and water.” He was sorry she had to get caught in the crossfire. And he was deeply sorry for hurting his beloved mother. But the one thing he was not…was sorry.
***
Noisy. The market was always so noisy. Jeteké wasn’t exactly a fan, but he did appreciate that it was a good place to get one’s mind off things. And to get conned, there’s definitely some of that. 
“Now then, which one of you lucky village-folk shall have the honor of trading for my magical cola nuts?” he thought to himself enthusiastically while trying not to get his feet wet from the pale of water he was carrying. The nuts weren’t magical, of course. But, if you had too many, the speed at which your bowels would be activated certainly seemed supernatural. “What about that old man with the fancy walking stick? Yeah, he definitely looks like he needs a good dose of this here–”
“Hey! Look out!”
Before he could get though his thought, he was knocked off his feet from behind, and the pale was sent flying forward. A group of chattering children narrowly dodged the splash. By reflex, he grabbed for whatever it was that was responsible, and he caught onto a leather leash. And on the other end was a very frustrated he-goat.
“Oh no! I’m so sorry, sir. This idiot animal– wait.  Jeteké?”
He looked up, and to his pleasant bewilderment, he found Kaenaam’s pretty, shocked face staring back. He laughed, not believing the apparent serendipity. “I believe this is yours, miss,” he said in his most over-the-top uncle voice.
She chuckled, glad to see someone she knew among the foreign hustle and bustle. “Listen. The damn goat does not like me.” She’d clearly had it up to here with the whole shepherding business. “How do you get it to listen to you?”
“Well, it just needs you to have a ‘thing’. Know what I mean?” he remarked.
“No, don’t know what you mean.” She rolled her eyes and massaged her temples.
He found her annoyance a bit amusing. “Which way are you taking him? Let me help you get there.”
She gave a smile colored with relief. “That’s so kind of you. Oria has the rest down that way.”
With that, they walked down the market main street, fully cooperative goat in hand, and before long, they caught up to Oria and the rest of the small herd. She could not believe their fortune, bumping into Jeteké a second time in one day. He was so helpful, and she liked that. 
Jeteké brought them to the nearest stall, ready to do business. They walked up to the front, which was adorned with beautiful paintings, detailed wooden sculptures, and most importantly, pictures of symbols, the same kinds of symbols that decorated his clothing. A young girl stood watch over the items for sale.
“Hello, Nana,” greeted Jeteké in his usual warm tone. Nana smiled back. She was not quick enough to greet back, however, for her father came out from the hut behind.
“Well, if it isn’t Kechi Funda,” said the old man in a not-so-friendly tone. He leaned quite conspicuously on his fancy, one-of-a-kind walking stick. The name confused Oria at first, but she put two and two together fairly quickly. It came from the phrase “Kechi ba funda ne”, which means “One who is uneducated.” She didn’t think that was in very good taste.
“That’s not my name,” Jeteké recoiled. 
“How would you know what your name is? You certainly didn’t read it off a piece of parchment.”
“Hey, have some respect! Don’t talk to people like that. What’s your problem?” countered Oria. She was not having any of it.
The old man wisely relaxed. After letting out a long exhale of defeat, he asked, “What’ll it be?”
Jeteké reached into the pouch hanging from his shoulders and pulled out a small bag of his magic cola nuts. “I’d like some beetroot same weight as this. And these beautiful ladies would like to see your finest Akan pieces.”
“Alright,” said the old man. “Come with me.” He motioned for Jeteké to follow him to the hut with papa goat.
Kaenaam stepped in. “I’ve got this one.” She took the leather leash for the last time and led him to what she eagerly hoped would be some kind of slaughter. Goats would actually reach the top of the food chain is they were as competitive as she was. 
Nana took the bag of nuts, and weighed them against its equivalent in beetroots, which she then handed to Jeteké with a spunky little grin. “Here you go, Jeteké.”
“Thanks, kiddo,” he said with a smile.
Oria stood there and admired all the fine art the stall had on display. She thought it was funny how live animals could ever be priced against pieces of cloth with drawings on them. People really put a high price on things they could just–
“Hang on,” said Oria, having a sudden realization. “How did you know we were here to barter for Akan art?”
Jeteké smirked. He and Kaenaam had something in common: they relished looking smart. “Lucky guess.” He looked at Oria, who had one eyebrow raised. “There are better stocked villages closer to Lâite. For you to opt to walk all this way, it’s more than likely for the one thing that Bora Edzm is famous for: the Adinkra symbols.”
“Wow. You’re quite observant for a shepherd,” she said, noting something else she liked about him.
“Technically, I’m a calligrapher,” he said.
“Well, technically you’re confused. You either are or you aren’t.”
“Is life that simple for you?” He noticed that she her eyes glowed with a lovely hazel hue in the sun from that angle. He wondered why he hadn’t seen it before. There was also a slight glare from the necklace she wore. It was made of brown and maroon beads strung together, and a conspicuously strange brass ornament hung from it.
“Isn’t it for you?” she asked.
He chortled lightly as he turned away. “You’re going to laugh.”
She paused. Then she smiled. “Try me.”
He faced her. Then, after a moment, he told her. “I’m unable to write. And I can’t read normally. All the letters get jumbled up.”
She was taken aback for a little bit. That must have been what the mean old man was referring to with his off-color comments. “Okay. But how are you a calligrapher if you can’t write?” she asked in the least critical tone she could muster up.
“Oh, that’s even funnier.” Jeteké wanted to laugh. His predicament sounded so much more ridiculous to him when said aloud. “The high priestess – the one who designs the symbols and commissions their transcription and distribution – is my mother. So, family business, you might say.” He looked blankly at the kente cloths hanging on the woolen rope stretching from a nearby tree to the thatched roof of the hut.
She had no clever comeback for that one. She watched him stare into space, and behind his warm, confident exterior, she sensed a deep sadness. She could only imagine how suffocating it might be to live in the shadow of someone you had no hope of living up to. She felt for him.
“Hey. Kaenaam and I are going to the Niger River after this. I know you said you don’t go there much, but I want you to join us. It’ll be fun.”
He turned and looked at her, and he found a welcoming, accepting expression already looking back at him. This was it: a small chance to exercise his freedom. And he was ready to take it. “Nana, I need you to take this beetroot and a pale of water to Auntie Luma, alright? Do that, and I’ll get you two whole coconuts when I get back.” The child happily obliged.
Jeteké glanced at Oria, and accidentally met her gaze. A thirst for freedom met a craving for adventure. And the two had a rendezvous past the field.

Premonitions

“Minanē, you have grown so stubborn!” Luma half-jokingly exclaimed, half-hoping that her patient, who was one of her oldest and dearest friends, would learn a thing or two about compromise. The blood cleansing routine that they acquired from the Sudanese gold and salt merchants, and were trying to adapt to, wasn’t the most comfortable. It involved fire-heated rocks and lying in cattle piss. No fun for anyone.
“Doesn’t this work with fresh river water? Ugh. Those Northerners are a strange lot. ”, Minanē lamented. “These people of so-called-science. If they were truly so smart, why don’t they conjure up books that read themselves? Or scarecrows that can dance? Maybe then I wouldn’t have to lie here in this filthy foreigner’s–”
“Don’t,” Luma interjected. She paused and looked sympathetically at Minanē, as she carefully placed the heated rocks on key pressure points across her torso. It looked like it stung. “I understand that you don’t approve of any methods other than the ones taught to us. I know that. But our traditional medicines alone are not as effective on you as they used to be. Not…not anymore.”
At that, Minanē shot Luma a sharp look. It looked like she was about to dish out a scolding to her own traditional doctor for even suggesting any doubt in tradition…at first. But that razor-edged look, just as swiftly as it came, melted into what Luma could swear was sadness.
Minanē then laid her head back, looked up at the thatched ceiling, and laughed to herself. “You know, I used to be a strong and respected leader in this village. Never feared a thing. Spoke my mind every chance I could get. Now, when the people’s faith is waning, I’m in here dying of the-gods-know-what.” She breathed a deep sigh.
Luma couldn’t come up with any words. She knew her friend’s body was aching, but couldn’t imagine what ache vexed her heart. 
“Hello?” Just then, they heard a little girl’s voice call to them from the front entrance. 
“Come in,” beckoned Luma, wondering who it was.
The inner room curtain opened, and the little girl entered, bearing the water and beetroot they had needed all day.
“Oh, Nana! How are you?” greeted Luma, adopting the cheerful demeanor that she was famous for.
“I’m very well, thank you, ma.” Nana bent her knees ‘til she was half squatting, bowed her head and lowered her eyes, and gracefully clasped her hands together, as was customary to greet elders or superiors. She repeated the gesture towards Minanē before she continued. “Jeteké sends these.”
“Why, thank you very much,” said Luma, smiling at the bright young girl, whom she thought would make a fair study someday. She glanced at Minanē, ready to share her observation. But when she found a blank expression on her patient’s face, she already knew what she was thinking. And it was not about how smart the kid was.
“Where’s Jeteké?”
***
“Hmm. Déjà vu,” he said, under his breath. So engrossed in the feeling was he that he hardly took notice that the three of them walked, almost glided, past the exact spot where Kaenaam drew the symbol in the soil earlier.
“Pardon?” asked Oria, picking up that his mind had wandered.
“Oh. It’s nothing. So, are you guys related, or…?”
“Nah. She just likes to look like my sister,” replied Kaenaam with her ever-present wit.
“Big sister, you mean.” Oria sounded playful, yet genuinely proud of herself.
“I should say ‘aunt’, then,” retorted Kaenaam. Their banter amused Jeteké. He’d never had siblings. “Remember that time back home when we stole Old Man Linli’s smoking pipe and accidentally set the kraal on fire? Haha, good times.”
“Kaenaam, you stole it. I just weaseled us out of the situation.”
“She’s an amazing liar. It’s shocking,” Kaenaam whispered to Jeteké, just loud enough for Oria to hear, laugh and cross her arms in protest. Kaenaam then focused her attention on Jeteké, and then continued. “So, tell us about the writer who can’t write.”
“That transition was extra smooth, by the way.” He was enjoying the banter, so he’d thought he’d get a lick in. Kaenaam put her hands on her waist, but before she could conjure up some snappy remark, he’d already started. “Well, when I was around five years old, my mother put me together with other children of age. That’s when they start to teach us the craft, you know?  First day, we’re given a piece of cloth, and red ink made from Badie tree bark, just to fool around with. Huh, well, the other kids managed to doodle something at least. Guess what happened when I tried.”
“Whatever you drew was so horrifying that it was confiscated and you were quarantined?” guessed Kaenaam.
“The cloth burst into flames as soon as you touched it?” guessed Oria.
It was refreshing, at least to Jeteké, that these two would make light of his condition, rather than pity and sideline him, as was the response he had grown used to. He was really beginning to enjoy the company of these two happy, cheerful, awful goat herders. “I woke up six days later.”
“Oh,” said Kaenaam. She wasn’t expecting that.
“Oh. So no flames then, huh?” Oria was having fun.
Jeteké sniggered. “Apparently, I was convulsing so much that I had to be restrained. Bled from my nose and eyes. Splitting headache for days after the fact. Basically, if I even try to scribble, I could die. So yeah, things kind of went ‘up in flames’.”
Oria looked at him as he walked – upright, yet calm. Firm, but not stiff. He wasn’t necessarily proud of how he was. But he was not ashamed either. “You’re a special kind, Jeteké. Aren’t you?”
***
“He’s not like others!” Behind her stern and sure exterior, she was almost choking back tears.
“He’s your only child, Minanē. Yes. But will you at least offer him a chance to feel like everyone else?” Luma pleaded.
Minanē turned away.
Luma stood quietly, and then said, “It’s all he wants.”
The room was drenched in an ear-piercing silence, yet you could hear the two elderly women’s hearts scream to each other for an understanding. Both would give their lives for the young man – their son. On that, they would always agree. But, all those years, his aunt had always felt that his mother, who stood facing away, knew something that she didn’t.
A thwacking noise, followed by a human grunt, startled them from just outside the door. 
“Nana?!” Minanē called out. “Is that you?” There was no answer.
The sound of heavy footsteps and the clanking on little iron pieces circled around their isolated hut and toward the door, where the afternoon sun shone through. They turned to the door, just as the menacing shadow emerged.
***
“What was that?” asked a startled Oria, looking behind them to the dangling tree branches, where the rustling noise had come from.
“Probably a just a monkey,” answered Jeteké, motioning for her to calm down. “You don’t have many of those up there near the Sahara, huh?” He wondered what it must be like to live in vast, flat grasslands as opposed to wet, humid jungle.
“No, but have you ever seen a camel? Huge hump. Huge annoyance,” Kaenaam said, as she settled onto the white sand on the river bank. It seemed as if the only animals she liked were those she could eat – and were already cooked. That’s one reason why the souvenir she’d gotten from the market was a portable wooden sculpture, or ‘fetish’, as they were traditionally called, of a hunter with his bow and arrow already drawn. The other reason was the adinkra symbol carved into its back: four circles joined together to form a square, with a spot touching the lowest point with each circle. The symbol was called maise, and it meant, as she was told, “to extol the virtue of being able to keep a secret”. She had secrets indeed. She set her fetish down beside her.
Oria laughed. She wasn’t the most experienced animal keeper, but she loved seeing the beasts running free and untamed. She’d even venture to pet one, when she didn’t feel threatened that her arm would be bitten off. She loved nature in general, and that new, green, lush environment she was right in the middle of made her skin tingle. She walked up to the place in the sand that met the dancing river water, and her eyes lit up like a child’s as she reached down to greet the sparkling water.
Her childlike awe did not go unnoticed by Jeteké. She was not as exotically beautiful as her friend, nor as blunt, but the wonder in her eyes…the wonder at things so familiar to him – caught him, if only for a moment.
Her eyes wandered upstream, across the river. She spied an area of very thick jungle, just begging to be explored. “What’s over there?”
“Oh no you don’t,” said Jeteké, admiring her healthy curiosity. He continued, “The people who go in there do not come out.”
“Really?” asked Kaenaam, sensing the seriousness in his tone.
He looked at her and paused. “It is said that the jungle is full of demons and–” Suddenly, he cried out, and clasped his head with both his hands. He fell to his knees.
“Jeteké?!” Oria started toward him. Kaenaam clenched a handful of sand in concern.
Little dark red splatters from the blood that was trickling out of his nostrils began to stain the ground where he knelt.
***
The blood dripping off the tip of his 6-foot bronze spear left a trail behind the tall, intimidating man who walked, almost sneaked, through the door. A mutual look of terror crept up on the faces of Minanē and Luma as they put the facts together: a pain-filled groan, a stealthy stranger and a bloody spear. He had just killed a man.
Luma took a huge gulp as she did her best to calm her shaking hands. She quickly glanced over to Minanē, who she saw had balled up her fists and stiffened her lower lip, yet was equally as shaky as she was.
“What do you want?” shot Minanē, almost shouting, but not quite.
The armed man stepped forward slowly, and a malicious grin grew across the right side of his face. “Do you not fear death?” he asked with a cold, sadistic demeanor.
“I look death in the face every day,” she retorted. She repeated her question slower: “What do you want?”
Luma noticed the beads of sweat forming all around her patient’s forehead. Stress was not at all good for her condition.
“I bring greetings and good tidings from my lord Naré Maghann Konaté, King of the Mandinka. You and the humble residents of Bora Edzm will no longer pay your tribute to the Sosso Empire. Now, it will come to us.” There was an unmistakable hint of pride and cockiness in his voice.
Minanē felt insulted. “Who are you? Who is your king to my people?”
He grasped his spear a little tighter.
“Minanē, calm yourself,” begged her doctor, who was observing her increasing breathing rate steadily approach the point of hyperventilation.
“I am Okson, son of Dereth Di Jaulo. And this is not a negotiation.” He wiped his crimson-stained blade on the skin on the drum nearest to him.
She clenched her jaw. “We will not answer to your king.” She stepped forward defiantly, but was promptly halted by Luma, who came in front of her and rested her hand on her friend’s shoulder.
“Minanē,” said Luma, pleading her to stand down. A moment of quiet ensued.
Okson stared them both in their face before he gave his reply: “In time, you will.” He turned around and started toward the door.
“And yet he sends his lackeys to come speak for him.”
He stopped.
Minanē held her tongue. Luma held her breath.
Without warning, he spun around and, with his seasoned warrior strength, hurled his spear at them.
They were not even granted a moment to scream.
***
Jeteké screamed in agony.
Oria rushed to his side and e l k n t knelt, and held his shoulder. “You’re bleeding,” she said, trying her best to keep her cool. She swiped her forearm s a r o c s across her forehead and tried to breathe evenly. His hands were trembling, and she knew not how to calm them. And he was losing blood. She began to tear a c l s t r i f o p o t h strip of cloth from the bottom of her garment to stop the bleeding.
Kaenam quickly stood to her feet, ready to lend a helping hand. But, yet again, her footing failed her. Before she could find her balance, her right foot s i t w d e t twisted on its side, sending a shock of pain up her leg. She grunted and fell back down, unable to stand back up.
He grasped Oria’s wrist as her hand held d e s s p r e pressed the cloth against his nose. Through his pounding headache, he was able to make out her eyes. They r e w e o o l k i n g were looking back at him, full of concern, full of kindness. It was relaxing. His trembling hands began to steady. He wondered if she knew how much of an essence of peace she was. His frantic pants transitioned into sighs of relief. 
His relief was short-lived, however, for they were overrun by a stabbing o c r f y cry of complete terror. Both of them turned to look at Kaenaam; they could all but stand there, paralyzed. Her leg was caught in the unforgiving jaws of a huge black crocodile. Its teeth were soaked in her blood, and f l e o f p i h e r e s h e s pieces of her flesh hung from its mouth. She grasped desperately for some sand as the beast began to drag her into the water. She must have torn her vocal chords because her screams had v o d e l e d v devolved into frightened chokes. She instinctively dug her fingernails into the ground in an attempt to anchor herself to land, but she was no match for the strength of the savage reptile. All that struggling managed to do was get her fingernails f f o n r o t torn off and leave a trail in the sand towards the river. With her final cry, Kaenaam tried to shout her friend’s name. No decipherable sound came, though, as her throat was filling with her own saliva and blood. She was at last submerged, and the creature twisted and writhed forcefully until her leg was torn clean off. Blood o u r p e d poured from her exposed pelvic bone, attracting other predators to get there and finish the meal. She wouldn’t resist, though, for she had already drowned in blood and river water.
***
“Good. Had you shouted, my men outside would have come in and killed you both.”
Minanē and Luma opened their eyes, surprised they were still breathing and intact. Okson walked up to them and pulled his spear out of the wall hey stood in front of. His move had worked. They would no longer resist, or at least, they wouldn’t answer back at him with a snarky attitude. He scoffed at their whimpering.
“Looks like we’re done here. Consider this a diplomatic visit,” he said.
Luma at last spoke up. “You people do not believe in diplomacy. You believe in war.” Disgust peeked through her expression of fear.
“Funny you should mention that,” he said as he began to pace back and forth in front of them. “The Sosso, the Mandinka, the Soninke, the Akan; we are all peoples displaced by war. Ironically, war is what will again bring us together. And wars? Wars are won with weapons. Which is why I’m here to begin with.” He stopped pacing and looks directly at Minanē. “My Lord Prince Seun believes that your common little village harbours something that has been aiding the Sosso troops in their victories. I’m here to find and assimilate your technology.”
“Prince Seun?” asked Luma in disbelief. “The Blacksmith?”
“That would be him, yes.” Okson looked at Luma, then back at Minanē. “He’s curious, almost to the point of superstition. I had assured him that you are but a meaningless village, and I’m here just to make sure. My intel states that all you have here is art. So, I will take your gold instead.” He glanced to the corner of the room where a cloth bearing a symbol of a circle with eight protrusions hung, stretched on a finished wooden frame. “Well, the King does like his art.” He almost couldn’t fathom how a general of his reputation could be send to an insignificant village on what seemed to be a wild goose chase. All for that art? Drawings? No. There had to be more to it, he thought.
Minanē wanted to order him out of her home, but she held back. Thankfully, he sensed her contempt. He turned up his nose at the frightened old women and, much to their respite, took his leave.
Luma let out a huge exhale as if she’d been holding her breath for ages. “Oh, father Shango! Minanē Yé! We could have died!”
Silence.
Luma, hearing no response from her best friend, looked to her, only to find a petrified look on her face, accompanied by the last words her failing body would allow her to utter: “What have I done?” 
***
Jeteké opened his eyes. The pounding headache rendered it difficult for him to focus his vision. But he could make out Oria’s form kneeling beside him, and her hands tightly clenching his shoulder.
“You’re bleeding,” she said with slight panic in her voice. But he knew that already; she had said it before. Hadn’t she? She swiped her forearm across her forehead, and tried to breathe evenly. His hands were trembling, and his nose was bloody. Almost as if lucidly dreaming, he watched her begin to tear some fabric from the bottom of her own garment. He turned his gaze toward the sky, to the left, to brace his mind for the sound he somehow knew was to follow. 
A thud, followed by a pain-filled grunt, came to their ears from the river shore. Was this a dream? A nightmare? It was apparent that he was the lone one experiencing this trip, as it looked like the noise had not even registered with Oria. She just knelt there, pressing the cloth against his nose. Why couldn’t she hear it? What was wrong with her? He grasped her wrist, wanting desperately to snap her out of her ignorance. Before he could shake her, his movements were stalled by her gaze, full of concern, full of kindness. It was relaxing. Wait. It was familiar. The same stare she gave before–.
“Kaenaam, move!” Jeteké yelled with all his might.
Kaaenam swung ‘round just in time to spot the sneaking crocodile only a few steps behind her. She yelped and fell on her bum, but her twisted ankle disabled her from getting up at all. Oria stood paralyzed with terror and disbelief, as the big black monster crept towards her friend. Jeteké held his breath. Kaenaam supported her weight on the palms of her hands and her good foot. Driven purely by survival instinct, she crawled backward, dragging her twisted foot along, leaving a trail in the sand. Jeteké began to stand back up on his feet, but was still disoriented from the dizzying headache. He grunted and clenched his jaw, which, in turn, snapped Oria out of her paralysis. She grabbed the nearest fallen tree branch and hurled it at the beast, managing to divert its attention. She picked up one more and began to shout aloud, waving it about, intimidating the predator. Once Kaenaam scampered a safe distance, the crocodile admitted defeat, and turned back into the river.
Oria ran to her best friend and embraced her tightly, as if to reassure her that she’d not let her out of her sight again for the rest of the trip, not even for a moment. Kaenaam was still panting heavily, recovering from the ordeal. She leaned into her friend’s arms. The sting of her clumsily twisted foot did not compare to the thought of being lost from Oria.
Jeteké looked on at the two. She had survived. How? How was he able to see it all…twice? He finally managed to stand, supporting himself on his staff. His bleeding had stopped. But his mind had not. 
***
The trio had made in back onto the road, just on the village’s outskirts, without too much chatter. Kaenaam was hopping along on her good foot, while being supported on either side by Oria and Jeteké. They had managed to tie up her twisted ankle with a few vines to keep it firm. A swelling had developed.
Jeteké spent majority of the trip back in his thoughts… thoughts that had evolved into a lurking anxiety. He knew the headaches and nose bleeds well. But never premonitions. It was as if, over the past few days, his propensity to lose focus had increased much more than usual. His imagination was so… so vivid. Fiction, it seemed, was invading reality. Could he no longer trust his own mind? Things were ceasing to make sense. Like that noise he thought he was hearing in the distance, for instance. It was a high pitched wooing sound that danced very nimbly up and down before ending with a lengthy and exaggerated purr. Wooleewooleepurr. Wooleewooleepurr. He shook his head. He thought he must be going mad. 
“Umm…Jeteké?” said Oria, cracking the quiet. “We have to go.” Kaenaam relieved him of her weight. 
“Are you sure?” he asked with concern.
“Thank you. You’ve done so much already. If it wasn’t for you, then–” Oria couldn’t finish. Kaenaam held her friend a little tighter.
“Well, if you can manage,” he said, smiling optimistically.
“Jeteké!” They were cut off by the desperate shouts of the little girl who ran toward then from up the road as fast as her little legs could carry her. She ran straight into Jeteké, sobbing brutally as she held him.
“Nana? Nana, what’s wrong? What happened?” he begged.
Tears were smeared all over her cheeks. Her voice broke in utter despair as she answered him: “It’s your mother. She’s… she’s dying!”

A Mothers Love

“This is your fault!” “What happened to her?” “She warned you not to leave.” Jeteké’s thoughts raced about in a frantic, non-linear outpouring. “But I thought she was being treated and it was under control.” “The gods are real…and they’re punishing you.” “Why did you leave?” “She probably hates you.” “Impossible. It’s just bad timing. No way in hell that all this time she was…right.”
Nana nearly stumbled over her own feet trying to keep up with him. “Go on ahead,” she sobbed.
He looked back at her, and the sincerity on her face gave him the momentary peace of mind to pick up his pace and leave her behind. He ran to his mother’s hut as quick as he could, but his heavy heart seemed to weigh down his feet. The cascades of emotions were too much to process at once; first shock at how this was happening so suddenly. Then confusion: why was any of that happening at all? Regret: maybe if he had not gone to the river, she’d still be okay. And finally, sorrow: that was his mother, for goodness’ sake! And she was dying.
Jeteké reached the hut and found that a crowd of the village folk had gathered outside. He pushed through the crowd all the way to the door. Inside the main room, some of the priests and priestesses, known as mambos, were congregated. They all went quiet and turned to the door when Jeteké walked in. “Kechi Funda,” one of them whispered under their breath. However, Jeteké was too distraught to be self-conscious. He walked right through to the bedroom where Minanē was, along with Luma and two younger women mambos.
“Mama!!” he exclaimed, no longer able to hold back the torrent of tears. He rushed to her side and fell to his knees, his body shaking with sobs.
Minanē was a poor sight to behold. Her left side was completely stiff, as if already dead, and her right side could barely move. The left side of her mouth drooped, and she drooled slightly. And her eyelids shuddered; her blinks were long and looked energy draining. Her eyes seemed a bit hollow, as if she didn’t recognize the very room she lay in. Jeteké hoped to all the gods, and to Nyame himself, that his mother was still in there somewhere.
He laid his hand on her right shoulder. “Mama, I’m so sorry!” He began to cry. “I shouldn’t have gone to the river. I shouldn’t have left. I shouldn’t have said what I said to you.” He hung his head, allowing shame and regret to take their full effect. There were no more mistakes he could possibly make now that would surpass that crime. There were no sacrifices that could ever pardon him from the guilt of killing his own mother.
Jeteké gasped when he felt his mother’s hand graze his elbow. He lifted his head to discover that her eyes had found him. Her eyelids still shuddered, but tears had formed. One escaped the outer edge of her eye, and rolled down the side of her face to her ear. She had recognized him. He managed a smile through the heavy sobbing. 
Minanē then shifted her gaze to something else. Jeteké’s eyes traced the implied path and learned of the object she looked at: a neatly folded blue and orange adinkra cloth, lying just by his knees. She ever so slowly labored to move her hand to reach it. She erected her index finger and put it to rest on the symbol situated on the corner of the folded sheet: the Akoma, which is the symbol for the heart. 
Finally, Minanē lifted her hand once again, index finger still erect, and stopped, pointing at her son, and he deciphered her meaning instantly. She curled up the right side of her mouth as best she could, as if to smile at him. Jeteké’s heart all but broke at the sight. The ache in his chest became unbearable.
At last, her hand dropped, and what light had remained in her eyes was then dimmed. Jeteké just stopped. Emotion vacated his body. Numb. All that was left was his mind’s realization that the only reason she had held on this long was to give him her precious and final message: I love you.
***
Jeteké woke up, breathing heavily, and immediately felt for the ground, giving a sigh of relief once he realized it was not a mirage.
“Bad dream?” asked Luma, who was sitting on the floor not too far from him. The two of them were still in the bedroom of Minanē’s hut. The main room was populated with a few village elders, mambos and townswomen. It was morning, and her body had been moved out to the temple for embalming the night before. It had rained overnight, as if the Sky God too was mourning.
“You know those dreams…where you’re floating? Weightless? And there were strange things, like two suns instead of one.” Jeteké sighed. “Never mind, Auntie. You wouldn’t believe me.” He looked away.
“You mean like how I wouldn’t believe that your mind has been wandering off on its own lately? Or how your headaches have also increased?”
He looked at her. She had a faint but warm smile on her face.
“You are practically my son too, child. I’ve noticed,” she said. She stood up, walked over to him, and sat beside him. She took his hand and held it in hers. “Jeteké. Your mother had nothing if not love for you. There’s nothing that she wouldn’t have done for you. That’s why…” She paused, and then continued. “…she never told you. She was protecting you.”
“What do you mean? What didn’t she tell me?” he asked, noting the earnestness in her speech.
Luma took a deep breath and began to speak. “Your mother and father could not conceive at first. And then, when the Ghana Empire fell, and these lands were ravaged in war, your father was summoned to fight for the Sosso army. Only a few of our men returned when the dust settled, but he was not among them. Your mother wanted to go after him. But she headed eastward to a place she hoped to receive divine help in attaining his whereabouts. She wandered past the Kanga River, into the jungle.”
Jeteké gasped softly.
“She was gone for 17 days,” Luma revealed.
“Did she find him?” he asked.
“No. She didn’t come back with him. She came back with you.”
Jeteké’s eyes widened. Speechlessness filled his mouth. Confoundedness kissed his lips. Luma sat quietly for a bit; she knew that was a lot to take in.
He at last spoke. “So…so…I’m not…?”
She tightened her grip on his hand. “You are and will always be her son!” she said firmly, looking directly into his eyes. She sighed, calming herself down. Then she continued, “She told me that, while she was in the jungle, she happened upon an ancient shrine to the goddess Oba, whom she devoutly worshipped her whole life. She said that she fasted and prayed for protection and guidance. But she was blessed by Oba with and unexpected gift: a baby. Jeteké, you are the reward for your mother’s faith. You are her miracle.”
Jeteké looked down, staring into space. Although it was difficult for him to emote right there and then, his love and appreciation for his Auntie Luma had deepened exponentially in that moment. She had been there for him always. And he could sense in her voice what life had thus far deprived him of, the one thing he craved in his deepest parts: acceptance. Not many people are fortunate enough to have essentially two loving mothers.
“Yes. It was selfish of her to not tell you. She’d always known that you’d be drawn back into that dangerous jungle. It’s only natural. She just did not want to lose you like she lost her husband.” Luma shook her head and let out a long exhale. “A lot of the village elders who knew, at the time, weren’t exactly alright with the high priestess having a child whom they believed to be, well, illegitimate. So, she also didn’t want you to feel any more alienated than you already do.” 
She cleared her throat and adopted a very matter-of-fact tone. “Jeteké, when the priests and elders have their gathering later on, it is likely that they will not pass on the calligraphic priesthood to you. I need to you understand their decision and be at peace with it. For your mother.”
***
Jeteké spent a lot of time wondering if it was fated or just good ol’ bad luck that he always seemed to end up feeling as he did at that moment: on the outside. In light of what he had found out, it looked to be the former. He’d always reassured himself that, if he worked had enough, if he wanted it badly enough, he could overcome the ever-looming paradox of being a calligrapher incapable of writing or reading straight. But now he saw that it would never have mattered how hard he was willing to beat his nose against the grindstone. It was never about what he did or could not do. It was about who he was. That could never be changed. It could never be forgiven.
Those thoughts lingered in his mind like the rainclouds in the overcast sky above as he walked through the small wooden gate of the temple compound, Luma following closely behind. A mother hen and her fluffy little chicks cleared out of their way as they stepped in.
They made their way to the meeting area, where most of the elders and priests had already gathered and were ready to discuss Minanē’s burial and the passing on of her mantle. As they walked on the muddy ground, Jeteké thought about what it would actually be like to be a priest in the first place. Granted, he knew the designs, names, variations, and symbolic meaning of all the adinkra symbols; he’d suffered countless excruciating headaches to gain that much. But to be stationed there at the temple, praying and offering to the gods over the branded fabrics, fetishes, jewelry and painting all day and night? If he was to be thoroughly honest with himself, he’d only do it to live up to his dearly departed. He would only relish the opportunity to prove himself a worthy citizen of Bora Edzm. He let out a sigh of subtle defeat. Why did it cost so much to be noticed, to be let in? 
Jeteké suddenly felt a spark of hope in his heart when his eyes caught sight of little Nana, who was standing outside the temple meeting area entrance. She was much too young to attend, so she must have just escorted an older family member to the event. Jeteké and Luma approached the entrance, slowing their pace with each step. Jeteké couldn’t help but crack an understated smile as he extended his hand to the little girl. At the very least, there was a human being around who didn’t judge him for–. 
Nana stepped back. She held her wrist by her hip, and made no eye contact with Jeteké. His heart sank in an instant. The elders must have been talking about him; how he was not the type of person it is wise to associate yourself with, or something to that effect. The folktale of “Kechi Funda” had been perpetuated. Jeteké took back his hand. Everything felt cold.
Luma and Jeteké took their seats as everyone waited to begin proceedings. The congregation was arranged such that all were facing an epicenter, where the elders sat. The hidden side glances they got from the people who passed around them did not go unnoticed. Jeteké was sure that he had never before felt more out of place than in that seat. And that was exactly what his mother tried to shield him from. Of what use now was her deception?
One of the elders stood and said with a loud voice, “Let us begin!” When all were settled, he continued, “Today is a day of great loss. We do not sing; we wail. We do not look up; we hang our heads. Our mother is no more.” Some of the townswomen who sat on the floor, bodies wrapped in black and white adinkra mourning cloths, began to cry and wail, as was customary when in mourning of a member of the village, especially one as important as Minanē. 
Jeteké had not shed a tear along with the women, and he was not going to. He had done his crying. He had wept at her side while she breathed her last. What did these women know about her? Perhaps some friendly greetings and other cordial behavior, but that was it. Belonging to this façade is what he had longed for his whole life. Jeteké felt disgusted.
“Her spirit now rests in the bosom of our ancestors, and she watches us, continuing to guide us, even now. It is our duty and honor to her to pass on her mantle to a worthy successor,” said the elder. Low chattering amongst the crowd started.
Luma put her hand on Jeteké’s, which was resting on his knee. He was grateful that Luma was with him at the meeting; gods knew he needed that. But gratitude was not what he was feeling when her hand touched his. The feeling was much closer to mistrust. She, Luma, had been a huge part in his life’s lie. She too was an instrument of this façade. What of her “love” could be trusted? Still feeling as cold as before, Jeteké took back his hand. Luma looked at him, shocked by his reaction, but maintaining her composure.
“After a night of prayerful deliberation, it has been decided that the successor is still yet to be found,” said the elder.
Just as expected. Any hope Jeteké had of being a legit calligrapher were then officially dead. As if he should have expected anything el–.
“So in the meanwhile, the position of head calligrapher will be manned temporarily by her son, Jeteké Yé.”
The crowd gasped. Luma was genuinely shocked. Jeteké’s heart stopped. The chattering in the crowd became even livelier. What was happening? How could the elders have managed to come to such a consensus? 
The elder did his best to contain the people. He began to explain that it was out of respect of Minanē’s love for her only son that they saw it fit to bestow the mantle upon him, if even for only a bit. Minanē turned to Jeteké. With a low voice that was still giddy with optimism, she said, “Oh, what luck! Can you believe this? Now you can be one of the priesthood. And once they see how capable you are, surely they will accept you permanently!”
It was noisy, but in Jeteké’s head it was silent. His entire world was in limbo. In front of him was the golden opportunity for which he’d always yearned. He used to be laughed at and called names. No one believed he’d be anything at all. Then there they were being proven wrong. All he had to do was say ‘yes’. But, ‘yes’ to what, exactly? A group of discriminators? A life of knowing that his mother was pregnant with him for…17 days?
“Jeteké! Step forward to receive the priestly garment and benediction,” declared the elder, stretching his hand out toward Jeteké, welcoming him. “Go on,” Luma egged him. Silence fell upon the crowd. All eyes turned to Minanē’s son.
Several moments of silence and stasis ensued.
“This is not who I am.” With this statement said under his breath, Jeteké stood up and walked right out of the meeting. No one could believe what they were seeing. As Kechi Funda reached the wooden gate of the compound, the entire crowd cried out in an uproar loud enough for the entire village to hear. Jeteké didn’t look back. All he could do was start running.
Jeteké ran straight to his hut, which was situated a stone’s throw away from Minanē’s. He knew not where else to go. But he wasn’t going there to hide. No. He knew what he had to do. He rushed inside and searched frantically for his bag. When he found it under the pile of unwashed clothing, he held it in his hands and looked at it. It was made from a cream-coloured cloth, imbued with intersecting lines and had white sea shells sewed into it along the handle strap. The main feature was of course the symbol that formed a repeating pattern all over the fabric. It looked like a simple picture of the sun. It was called Nsoroma, which meant “Child of the Sky”, referring to the saying: “Oba Nyankon soroma te Nyame so na onte ne ho so”, “Like the star, the child of the Supreme Being, I rest with God and do not depend upon myself.” That bag was crafted by Minanē’s hands, and gifted to him when he was 15 years old. Knowing what he now knew, the gift took on a whole new meaning.
He heard footsteps approaching the door. He picked up his staff, ready to fight off anyone sent to drag him back to the temple grounds.
“Whoa there, herdsman,” said a voice he was slowly becoming familiar with. “No need to point that thing at me.”
“Oria? What are you doing here? How did you even find me?” Jeteké asked.
“Well, I just asked around,” she replied. “I came to say thank you.” She looked down to see clothes, tools, and tied up pieces of food scattered all over the floor; it looked as if he was packing. “What’s going on?”
“Now is not a good time,” he said as he looked away and continued to stuff his bag with supplies.
“Are you going somewhere?” she asked.
He stopped packing and took a deep breath. “I’m going into the jungle.”
“The same jungle you specifically told me to steer clear of because of, what was it, demons or disappearances or something?” questioned Oria. She stepped forward. “Jeteké. Kaenaam almost died yesterday, and we didn’t even step foot in the jungle yet.”
“There are things I need to know. And I can get the answers I need only from there. I…I have to do this.” He picked up his filled bag and his staff and started towards the door.
Oria held out her hand in his path, and when he halted, she rested her hand on his shoulder. She looked up at him and said, “I’m coming with you.” 
Jeteké shook his head and said, “No, you can’t.” He started forward.
She stopped him again. “That place is dangerous and you know it. You’re going to need help. I can help you. I’ve known you for barely a day, and all you’ve done is help me. I’m in your debt.” 
“This isn’t another trip to the market, Oria! You could be killed,” he said, looking sternly into her eyes. “You hear that racket? That’s the whole village, and they’re after me now. Me. Don’t make them come after you too.”
“All that means is I’m the only one who can help you, Jeteké.” She returned his stern gaze.
The last thing he wanted was to drag her down the same growing whirlpool of madness that he found himself sinking in. But he reasoned that she may have a point. No one from Bora Edzm was on his side at that point, and who knows he’d last alone in that haunted jungle?
Very reluctantly, he conceded. “Here, take some food and extra garments, as much as you can. I don’t know how long we’ll survive in there.”

Demons

Jeteke tried his best not to cut himself as he scaled the fish with the sharp rock he’d gotten from the riverbed. It would be a fatal thing to have an open wound in the jungle. He cut the fish into pieces and hung them all on a thin long stick. As he held the stick over the fire, he could not help but wonder if his quest was a hoax. It had been two days since he and Oria fled the village, and they still had no solid leads on where Obba’s shrine was. Plus, the jungle itself was getting to him. All the noises, the smells, the thick and humid air. If it rained, they’d be doomed.
Just then, he heard a weird noise he’d recognized. It was a high pitched wooing sound that danced very nimbly up and down before ending with a lengthy and exaggerated purr. Wooleewooleepurr. Wooleewooleepurr. “What was that?” he thought. For all he knew, it could have been some kind of dodo bird in heat. Or a gorilla discovering how to compose music. But also, there was the matter of the jungle apparently being haunted by what the village folktales describe as “little red demons”. Or he was just hallucinating.
Oria appeared from behind a thick patch of undergrowth, panting as she came to sit at the fire beside Jeteke.
“Did you hear that?” he asked.
“Hear what?” she said as she reached into her bag for some pieces of dried fruit and cassava. 
“It was like a weird whistling sound. A bit conspicuous.”
“You know what it is?” she said. “It’s probably the sound of your starving tummy.” She tossed a couple pieces of the fruit onto his lap and giggled. It was commendable how, in the midst of such uncertain circumstances, she managed to remain bubbly.
He smirked.
“Now,” she continued, “you say that the shrine is most likely to be on high ground with a clear line of sight to the eastern horizon, yes?”
“Right, because worship of Oba is usually done facing the rising sun. Mhm.”
She pointed to the big rock behind the patch of undergrowth. “Okay. So the highest point I could see went up there is eastward, and it looks like it’s along the river, about 30 miles away. If we get a move on, we will reach there by nightfall.”
“Got it.” Jeteke took a bite of the dried fruit. “Where did you learn to navigate so well anyway? I mean, seeing as you can’t tell the difference between a kid and a lamb.” He shrugged his shoulders playfully.
“Oh, shut up!” she laughed, threatening to throw more fruit at him. “My dad taught me. He’s in the military back home; a general, actually.” She sighed, and then looked up into the distance as she spoke. “When I was growing up, he and his father fought in the wars of the Great Fall. Needless to say, he wasn’t at home that much. But when he was, a few times, we would ride far out of the village on hunting trips. Navigating my bearings is one of the things he taught me.” She looked at Jeteke, motioned to take a piece of the roasting fish off of the stick he held, and asked, “May I?”
Jeteke obliged.
She continued. “You know, back home, it’s the usual thing: ‘Oh, you’re a girl. Marry some man, stay home, raise the kids.’ But whenever I went on those hunting trips, I felt…free. Free to just be me.”
Jeteke smiled and nodded. “Yeah. I know. That’s the whole thing, ain’t it? To just be who you really are.” He sighed, and then let out a short chuckle that seemed to mask a deeper pain. “Being who I really am tended to leave me high and dry so.”
“Jeteke, I can’t imagine what you’ve been through. But I’ll tell you, risking your very life to even come in this place, when everyone else has turned on you? That is being who you really are.” She reached out and put her hand on his. “And I really admire you for that,” she said. After a moment lingered, however, she took back her hand, looked away, and cleared her throat, all as if to keep herself in check.
Jarring as her reaction was, Jeteke couldn’t help but smile as he looked at her. He was surprised to find, however, that he couldn’t look at her in her face for too long. She actually made him kind of shy. But most significantly, in addition to the butterflies, he felt the touch of a beautiful and rare but familiar feeling: acceptance.
“Ow!” Jeteke exclaimed. The stick had caught fire as he was ogling Oria and had burned down to his fingers, charring the fish in the process.
Oria giggled. “Clearly I’ll have to handle food business from now on. Whatever would you do without me?” Half of her actually believed he’d be doomed in that jungle without her. The other half found his fumbling at her batting eyelashes quite charming. She knew, however, why she could not allow any emotions between them to evolve beyond charm; too much of her mission was at stake.
***
“Hurry up, you slow poke! Or do you need to cuddle yourself on my back as I do all the walking?” Jeteke shouted down to Oria, who was trailing a few meters behind him.
“My legs aren’t as long as yours are, okay?” Oria replied, panting and sweating from hoisting herself over boulders in their path. The upward incline made it no easier.
The sun was beginning to set, and the two had managed to trek to the high point Oria had seen in the distance. They were making their way up the incline, hoping to find at the top a significant clue to the whereabouts of the shrine, or perhaps even the shrine itself. 
Jeteke arrived at the plateau at the top of the area, just in time to see the sun disappear behind the thick jungle vegetation and bathe the scenery in a soft coating of red-orange-purple, dotted with dancing shadows of tree leaves.
Oria climbed over the last rock with her legs shaking from the intense effort. “Finally,” she whispered to herself. She staggered forward with her hands on her face, wiping the grime and sweat off. Without looking up, she staggered right into Jeteke’s back as he stood motionless. “Hey! What’s the matter with–?”
She looked up and saw what had stopped Jeteke in his tracks. And it was horrifying. Sticks standing about a meter and a half had been erected in the ground. What looked to be human heads were mounted on the ends of each. It wasn’t immediately apparent what they were, because they were smaller than the average adult’s head. The eyes and mouths had been sewed shut, giving a grotesque apperance, and the skin was dry, dark and wrinkly, like a bag made of loose snake hide. Some of the heads had hair. Some had insects crawling in and out of the nostrils. As the pair stood, frozen and in awe of the terrible sight, a chill fell upon the area.
After a bit of time, Jeteke spoke up. “When we were young children, the village elders used to tell us a story about this jungle; to scare us, to prevent us from wandering in here. They told of a dispute between Ochumare, the god of movement, and Ozain, the god of the forest. Before the two came to blows, they decided to settle their dispute with a race. In the end, Ozain won. But he had cheated by causing thorns to grow in his rival’s path. In his bitterness, Ochumare vomited out demons in the form of snakes into this jungle. The demons, they say, feed on the legs and souls of anyone misfortunate enough to wander here. They then transfer the speed and vitality of their victims to their master, leaving a soulless and legless shell to crawl and scream in this place forever. That is Ochumare’s vengeance.”
Oria nodded. “That’s pretty intense.”
“Yes. But what really freaked us out was the fact that the people who did actually venture in here never returned.”
“How did your mother make it, then?” asked Oria.
Jeteke did not know how. But before he could tell her that, the leaves began to rustle in a sudden breeze, which startled them both. They instinctively stood back to back in an attempt to cover any blind spots around them. Jeteke had fashioned a dagger from a sharp stone and tied it firmly to the top end of his staff, and at that moment, he gripped it like a warrior’s spear. They stood quietly. Soft whooshing sounds started appearing around them. 
Oria’s heart was pounding. “Jeteke. Yesterday, you mentioned that premonition thing. Can you do it?”
“What? Now?” he responded, shocked at her request.
“It saved Kaenaam. It could really save us now,” she said, the franticness in her voice increasing.
“I don’t know if I can.”
Just then, a deep growling noise bellowed from the bushes that Jeteke was facing. The noise was so full and deep that hey both felt it in their chest. Oria yelped and leaped to Jeteke’s side, facing the rustling bush with him. It growled again, and Oria took a few steps backwards. Jeteke stood his ground and waved the blade of his staff in front of him.
“Ah!” exclaimed Oria. Jeteke turned around to find that she had accidentally lodged her foot in a badger’s hole. He stooped down to help her free it, but as he did, the whooshing sounds surrounding them heightened. Fear gripped Jeteke’s whole body. They were trapped and he knew they needed a way out. And fast.
He closed his eyes. He tried to calm his mind. He tried to feel something. Anything. 
Just then, the whooshing noises that surrounded turned into scampering little footsteps that closed in on them. Oria screamed. But before Jeteke could even open his eyes, he felt an intense, body cramping pain from the back of his skull as it was bashed hard, knocking him out cold.
***
“Damn it,” Jeteke thought, “what in the hell just happened?” As he lifted up his hanging head, a stinging ache zapped down his spine from the back of his skull, which was still thumping from the earlier trauma. He exclaimed aloud at that pain’s sting.
“Hey, are you awake now?” said Oria’s voice, coming from somewhere to the right of him. He turned to look at her, but he realized that his head was covered in a sack. He tried to move, but his wrists were bound behind his back around a tall wooden pole that had been dug into the ground.
“I’m here, Oria,” he said, after allowing himself to fully come to. “What’s going on? Where are we?”
“My head is covered too,” she said. She took a deep breath and then continued, “Jeteke, stay calm and listen to me. They are going to eat us. I don’t know how much time we have. They’re probably preparing the fires right now.”
“What?!” he shouted. Panic began to run free in his bloodstream. “Who’s going to eat us? Where the hell are we?” He began to struggle against his restraints.
“Jeteke, wait. Listen to me,” Oria said, trying her level best to keep herself calm as well, although she gulped a lot as she spoke. “We were ambushed. They knocked you out, but I was awake, and they tied me up. But I saw everything. Okay. They are short, very dark, wrinkly and tough looking skin. Boils and moles everywhere. Teeth like a reptile’s.”
“Oh god,” whispered Jeteke.
“They carried us quite a ways and brought us to this site. I saw bodies, Jeteke. Arms, legs, feet, fingers, bones. Everywhere. They eat them. And they are going to eat us. We’re just in storage here.”
Jeteke tried to see through the sack covering his head, but he could only make out a blob of light in front of them. And some sort of sign seemed to be embroided on the sack, obstructing his line of sight. It looked like a simple triangle shape mounted onto a circle shape. He continued to struggle to break free of his restraints.
“But do you know what else I saw?” Oria said. “A child.”
He stopped moving.
“Jeteke, those folk tales are just folk tales. They aren’t demons. They’re people,” she said solemnly.
The thought of a people living in the jungle like that shook him. So animal-like. Just then, a hunch came over him, and he gasped.
“What’s wrong?” asked Oria.
“Can you see the sign sewn into the sack?” he said.
“Yes.”
“I recognize it. It’s a sepow; the adinkra symbol for people who are to be executed to avert a curse. These people are Akan.”
Oria gasped and held her breath. The she asked, “If they really are Akan people, then why are they cannibals?”
Jeteke took a moment, and then he replied, “What if they were Akan people? In our religion, people born with certain defects are killed, ostracized, or even sacrificed, for it is believed that they are a bad omen. The ostracized are purposefully banished into the jungle, and my people have practiced this for generations. What if some of them survived? What if they learned to thrive?”
Oria thought it over silently. Then she said, “Okay. But why eat us?”
“Well, tell someone that they are a monster for long enough, maybe they’ll start to believe you,” said Jeteke.
“Oh my god,” sighed Oria, pained his theory. “You know, you could count the steps some of our traditions take us towards hatred and war.”
“Yeah,” he responded, equally pained. Suddenly, he said, “Wait. Say that again.”
“Huh? Um…you could count the steps that some–”
“That’s it!” exclaimed Jeteke. “I’m trying again.” He closed his eyes, focused, and his head fell limp, barely conscious.
“What? I’m confused.”
Silence.
“Jeteke, you’ve gone quiet.”
No response still. Oria began to panic. 
After some time, a pair of the little men came to the place they were held. First, they went to Jeteke, and as they untied him from the pole, he regained consciousness. Hearing their footsteps around him, Oria called out to him.
As soon as the opportunity presented itself, Jeteke slipped away from his captors, ran towards the light blob he could see threw the sack, and threw himself onto it. It was a fire. The clothes he was still wearing, as well as the sack, caught fire immediately, and he screamed and writhed around in searing pain.
He heard Oria screaming and crying from where she was still tied up. Then he heard what he was listening for. One. Two. Three. Four. Five. Six. Seven. Seven steps were taken from where he was tied up towards Oria. And then, suddenly, he was doused in water, the amount similar to the capacity of a small bucket, from Oria’s general direction. The flames were quenched, though the pain from his severe burns was still very much present.
Next, he heard the other set of footsteps move in the other direction. One. Two. Three. Four. Then he heard clanking sounds as if iron pieces were lightly hitting against each other. A moment later, he cried out in anguish as he felt himself being stabbed repeatedly all over his legs and torso by a spear with a rugged, cold, iron blade. Jeteke felt himself bleeding out, and his head felt lighter and lighter. Oria’s screams began to fade in his ears. As he began to slip out of consciousness, he felt a presence stand over him and slice off his restraints with a knife. It was no matter, though, for dead men could o n t not run f o f off.
***
“Jeteke, you’ve gone quiet,” said Oria, alarmed at his sudden silence.
Jeteke lifted his head, and blood from his nose stained the inside of the sack. “Oria?” he called. He did his best to speak coherently in spite of the dizziness in his head. His heart was pounding heavily from the terror of watching himself burn alive.
“I’m here. What’s wrong?”
“Hold on. I’m thinking.” He paused for a while, pondering frantically. Then he said, “Okay. Um…there’s probably a pale of water about two steps to your right. Use your leg to feel for it. Be careful not to kick it.”
“How do you know there’s a pale of water here?” she asked, utterly confused at his request.
“Just trust me. There’s not much time. They’re coming,” he said.
Oria inhaled deeply, and then slowly stretched out her leg to her right. She waved leg around gently until, to her genuine surprise, she felt wooden cylinder brush up against her foot. She dipped her heel into it, and indeed, there was water. “Found it!” she exclaimed.
“Okay, great!” responded Jeteke, excited that his hunch was in fact correct. “I need you to hook the pale on your foot. You’re going to carry it right in front of you, facing that light.”
She obliged and managed not to spill too much water in the process. “Alright, what now?” she asked, wondering where this was all going.
“Tip the bucket forward and spill the water. But don’t kick it away, because you’ll have to pick it up again.”
Oria tipped the bucket forward, trying her best to keep it in reach. It fell over and the water spilled out, dousing out the flame in front of them, drenching the room in true darkness.
“Okay, now,” continued Jeteke. “Toss the bucket over to me.” 
She picked the bucket up with her foot and tossed it in the direction of his voice.
“Ow!” he yelped.
“Oh crap. Did I hit you?” she asked apologetically.
“Yeah, you did. Don’t worry about it.” He found the bucket and hooked it onto his foot. “Here goes nothing,” he said. He tossed it about three steps to his left. A conspicuous loud bang followed as the bucket hit whatever was in its path. Then clank! The large object that intercepted the bucket fell over in front of Jeteke.
Chattering and yelling began in the distance, and drew closer to their position. “Oh no. They’re coming,” said Oria, fearing for their lives.
Jeteke used his foot to feel in front of him. “Yes!” he whispered to himself, relieved that his deduction was right. The fallen object was an earthen vase that contained a number of spears made of sharp, rugged, iron blades grafted to wooden staffs. He scrambled to pick one up with his legs.
He was almost able to grip a spear between his knees, but then one of the little men entered the darkened room and yelled, startling him. The little man yelled some unintelligible jargon, seeming to alert his comrades to the situation he’d discovered. The subtle sound of a weapon like a dagger being unsheathed radiated from where the little man stood. His footsteps started toward Jeteke, but Oria kicked up some dirt, hoping to slow the man down. Some dirt got in his eye, further impairing his vision, and he grunted and spat. Jeteke again scrambled to pick up one of the spears. But the man managed to wipe just enough dust out of his eyes to make out his target. He rushed towards Jeteke with murderous intent. But Jeteke finally got a firm grip of a short spear, though the sweat on his legs and thighs made it tricky. 
Just as the short man came upon him, he thrust the spear forward, impaling the man in the stomach. The man cried out and fell forward, coughing up blood as he breathed his last. Jeteke then used his feet once again to find and take the dagger from the man’s hand and maneuver it up to his own hands tied behind his back. 
But before he could cut himself loose, five others rushed into the room, shouting wildly, carrying clubs and sticks. Two rushed to Jeteke, and the other two to Oria, and proceeded to beat them up mercilessly. But, as he was being assaulted, Jeteke succeeded in cutting the restraints and freeing his hands. He thrust the dagger forward and stabbed one of his assailants in the throat, causing blood to pour out of their open neck. He kicked the other one away for a moment, long enough to remove the sack from his head. 
He turned to see Oria being beaten by two other men. He rushed to her aid, engaging the short men, drawing their abuse away from her. But the man he had kicked away came up from behind him and struck his back with a club, knocking him over. The three men whacked Jeteke with their clubs and kicked him as he lay on the ground. But Jeteke managed to crawl forward enough to reach out to Oria’s tied hands and slip her the dagger. Though they continued to kick and beat him, Oria managed to free herself and uncover her head as well. She ran around the squabble and dove onto the ground where the spears were laid out. She grabbed one and plunged it into the legs of one of the three men, instantly disabling him from standing. She got up and stabbed him in the eye, killing him. The remaining two men started towards her, and she stepped back, fearing she’d be over-powered. But Jeteke quickly rose to his feet, grabbed the dagger Oria had dropped, and stabbed one of the men in the back. Seizing the opportunity, Oria thrust forward her spear and pierced the last man in his chest.
Oria and Jeteke stood in the dark room, relieved that they had survived the ordeal, but also horrified at the amount of blood spilled at their own hand. Neither of them had killed before. Oria felt nauseous, and immediately keeled over and vomited. Jeteke’s legs began to shake.
But before they could begin to process what they had survived, what they had done, twelve other men appeared at the entrance, bearing torches, machetes, bows and arrows. Oria and Jeteke froze in dread, for they were completely outnumbered. However, Jeteke realized that the walls of the structure were made of thatched grass and leaves strung together with vines; they could be broken through. Wasting no time, he grabbed Oria’s hand and ran with her directly into the wall to their left, breaking through it. 
They fell over onto the other side, free at last. But the men in the room immediately gave chase. Jeteke looked at Oria and shouted, “Run!” The two of them got up and ran with all their might, not even looking back. Because they were taller than the men, it was must easier to put some distance between them. It seemed that they were still close to the river because they could hear the rushing torrent just up ahead. It looked like the two of them would escape after all. 
But the archers amongst the short men fired their arrows, and one grazed Oria’s shoulder. Although they kept running, Oria began to slow down. “Don’t stop!” Jeteke yelled, knowing they’d get caught if they slowed down. Still, Oria fell to her knees. Jeteke stopped, ran back to her, and knelt beside her. “Come on! We have to get out of here!” he barked in desperation. But then he looked at the wound on her shoulder left by the arrow. It was oozing a dark purple fluid; the arrow was poisoned.
“Go. Don’t let them catch you,” said Oria who was trembling from fear and a steadily rising temperature.
“Forget it,” said Jeteke, with conviction in his voice and demeanor. “I’m not leaving you here.” 
Just then, an arrow landed in the ground next to them. The men were gaining. Jeteke picked Oria up in his arms and ran straight for the river. But when he reached the edge of the land, he found that the river was a good eighteen meters below their feet, and the waters were in a raging torrent.
He stood paralyzed with indecision. He had no idea if Oria would be able to survive such a fall, or if he’d be able to hold her head above water in such unstable waters. Before he could figure out what to do, however, he felt the painful force and biting sting of the tip of an arrow in his lower back. He cried out, and turned around. The men were still charging, and arrows were still flying at them. Immediately, Jeteke began to feel numbness all over his body. A burning sensation shot through all four of his limbs. The venom was taking effect; he had run out of time.
With the remaining strength that was not drained from his body, Jeteke stepped off the edge, Oria in his arms, and plunged into the wild waters below. Fully submerged, Jeteke felt the force of the torrent whisk them away, but he did not let go of Oria even for a moment. The waters flung them about like a pair of tree branches on a windy, stormy night; until, finally, the river spat them over a small waterfall and into a calm creek.
Losing alertness fast, Jeteke swam to the surface, fighting his hardest not to pass out. “Oria! Oria!” He called out for her, fearing she had drowned. He looked around anxiously, and a floating form near the creek’s edge caught his attention. He peddled over to it, and to his relief it was Oria, although she was not moving. He grabbed her and swam for shore as quickly as he could. He got out and pulled her out after him. 
But then he fell to his knees; his strength was depleted. He could do no more. The burning sensation in his limbs was at its peak, and the numbness was such that he couldn’t even feel the wounds and bruises he’d sustained from the earlier fighting or the violent fall into the river. Fear gripped his heart, and he began to cry. He didn’t want to die like that; alone and having failed at his mission, not knowing who, or frankly, what he was. He whispered in between his sobs, “Great mother Oba, Mighty Father Shango…anyone. If you can hear me, please help me. I beg of you. I don’t want to die here.” Pain in his throat choked out any words he would have added.
Suddenly, a faint yellow light shone from over his shoulder. He turned round with his final bit of life force. With his blurry and fading vision, he looked at the luminous object, and to his surprise, he recognized it. In his mind, he thought, “Nyame, biribi wo soro, ma no me ka me nsa,” for what he was seeing was a luminous shape of the adinkra symbol that meant “O God, everything which is above, permit my hand to touch it.” It seemed to float above the entrance to a small temple-like structure. He realized that it was the shrine. He’d made it.
“Welcome, child. I have heard your prayer,” said a woman’s voice in his head. 
Out of strength and breath, Jeteke fell on the ground. “Who…who are you?” he asked.
“Well, Jeteke, it is t t e r f l a i g n flattering to know h t a t that, even though you just y a e d p r prayed to me, you can barely believe I exist,” said the o i v c e voice in a lighthearted tone. “I am Oba. And I’ve been longing to e m t e meet you again.”

Obas Shrine

Jeteke looked around and found he was no longer near the shrine at the moonlit river. In fact, it wasn’t even night time anymore. It was dusk…or dawn; he couldn’t exactly tell. He looked down at himself and saw that he was wearing strange new clothing. It was of a bronze hue, smooth to the touch, and supported in places by some bone-like material. Perhaps it wasn’t even clothing at all; the garment seemed to be coming from him. The strangest part of everything was that he was in floating midair, suspended some 30 meters high above a beautiful delta, whose streams and channels glistened stunningly with a golden glow in the not-quite-rising-nor-setting sun.
In front of him smiling gracefully was Oba, the goddess herself. She was in the form of a woman in her early forties, marked with a kind of beauty and radiance and was quite difficult to describe in human terms. She was wrapped in a purple garment that bore a remarkable trait: the fabric seemed to have depth, such that if one looked into it at a close enough distance, they’d feel the same feeling of looking down over the edge of a high cliff. It also seemed to be twinkling with small star-like lights from deep within.
“What is this place?” blurted Jeteke in his bewilderment.
“Well, hello to you too, child,” said Oba in a teasing fashion. She seemed to be well aware of Jeteke’s disorientation.
Jeteke recoiled. “Uh, forgive me, Great Mother. I mean no disrespect.”
“I can imagine it being hard to maintain an entirely polite demeanor when flying for the first time,” she said candidly. There was an immensely soothing quality to her voice; it was full and strong, a bit husky, and it washed over one’s ears effortlessly. “Take your time and try to relax, my son. This will all make sense in a few moments.”
She turned around and waved her arm, and a rainbow appeared in the sky. Then she turned back to Jeteke and said, “You are in Spirit. Everything you are seeing now is the spiritual realm, or rather, our joint perception of it.”
Jeteke was speechless. He could barely process that he was floating, let alone that he was in a completely new plain of existence. He looked at his hands, wondering if there would be some kind of change in appearance. Suddenly, he remembered something. “Where is Oria? Is she alright?” he said, blurting out words again.
“So that’s her name: Oria. That’s very pretty. Don’t worry, Jeteke. She’s safe and sound, healing in the shrine room, as are you.” Reading even more confusion on his face, she elaborated a bit further. “Your body is in the shrine room; your spirit-form is here with me. Come, let’s go somewhere less…jarring. We have much to discuss.” She motioned for him to come to her.
He had no idea how to actually move without a ground to walk on. But as soon as he thought of moving himself to be beside Oba, he automatically floated towards her and came up right by her side. It was then that Jeteke realized that she was much taller than him; her form seemed nearly seven feet tall.
She placed her hand on his shoulder. Suddenly, their position moved down to a platform that floated on the waters of the delta. Only they didn’t ‘move’ down to the place, the place ‘moved’ up to them. Space itself moved up to them, and notably fast.
Oba began to walk around and stretch her arms. Her feet barely touched the ground as she walked. The floor of the platform was made of solid white marble, and was ultra-smooth to the touch. At the four corners of the platform, as well as in the center, there were sculpted fountains made of the same white marble. The liquid that flowed from the fountains seemed to be made out of onyx stone. The petals of the flowers that adorned the edges of the platform looked as if they were made of ivory. There were chairs at the end closest to the horizon of the stationary sun; the chairs appeared to be formed from a blue crystal material intertwined with a mercury-like material that was neither liquid nor solid. Oba invited Jeteke to sit with her.
He joined her and sat down. The chair was exceedingly comfortable. “Great Mother,” he said, “thank you so much for hearing my prayer. I was so close to death. I should be dead. But you have had mercy on me. Now I can complete my mission: to find out…” He trailed off. In the frenzy that had ensured since he and Oria were captured in the jungle, he hadn’t really gotten ‘round to feeling the gravity of the answers he was seeking. Childhood memories, scars and emotions he hadn’t felt in years immediately sprung to the surface like an aggravated volcano. He did not at all expect to be overwhelmed by such a wave of hurt.
Oba stretched out her hand and gently rested it on his forearm. “You are here to know some very important things, my son. Not only am I listening; I am here with you now. Go on. Ask.”
The volcano in his heart burst forth and erupted. He broke out into tears and heavy sobbing. Unable to form any words, he leaned forward and held his chest. That may have been the spiritual realm, but the pain in his chest, the pain in his heart – that was very human.
Oba did not withdraw her hand. She felt tremendous empathy for Jeteke in that moment. A tear rolled down her cheek. She already knew why he journeyed into that treacherous jungle. And so she spoke. “Mankind is beginning to lose its faith in all things, beginning to believe only in himself and his ingenuity. And so wars, hunger, jealousy and all sorts of misery prevails around him. Only a few faithful ones remain. Minane, your mother, was one of them.”
Jeteke stopped sobbing and looked up at Oba.
She continued. “Minane was my most devout priestess. She loved and cherished me all of her days, never ceasing to give thanks. And I loved her dearly. During the wars surrounding the Great Fall, her husband went off to fight, but never returned to her. And so she went looking for my shrine deep in the jungle. All she wanted was to ask me for a miracle. And that was all I wanted to give her, my dear daughter whom I loved. But her husband had died in battle, and I have no power to raise people from the dead. But if I couldn’t give her back her husband, then there was one miracle I knew I could grant her.”
“Me?” Jeteke whispered.
“Yes. You,” she replied.
He paused, and then asked, “What am I?”
“Jeteke, you are a demi-god,” said Oba plainly. 
Jeteke had no words, so Oba again spoke. “See, I am a goddess, an orisha, a deity. And we aren’t perfect. We are fallible. We get up to our own mischief more often than you’d think. Orunmila, the god of divinity and foresight, can be a bit…how do I say this…a bit ‘insatiable’. He’s known to have affairs with human women from time to time. One of those times, he got a woman pregnant, and I just happened to hear about this particular incident. Now, trust me, Orunmila isn’t the fatherly type, so he obviously didn’t take care of the girl with child. And she was too young to realistically take care of said child. So when the baby was born, I took him in. I don’t know, perhaps I was being driven by my natural instinct as the goddess of domesticity and marriage. But anyway, after a short while, I gifted that baby boy to my most devoted priestess to look after and raise as her own.”
Jeteke sat there in shock. “I can’t believe it. I…I can’t be.”
“Oh, but you are,” said Oba reassuringly. “By now, you’ve already felt your supernatural abilities acting. Visions. Dreams. Seeing things in detail before they happen.”
He gasped. “Yes! How did you know about the visions?”
Oba chuckled. “Jeteke, your father is the god of foresight. His whole thing is seeing into the future. You inherited his power, at least in part.”
Jeteke sat back in his seat, doing his best to digest all he was being told.
“Let me ask you,” said Oba. “What have you experienced so far, concerning your powers?”
“Umm…I see – more like ‘experience’ – things just before they happen. And when they happen again, I can change them.”
“Brilliant,” she said. “But that’s not all you can do.”
“What?!” said Jeteke with a hoarse whisper. If information overload was a sickness, he was about to throw up from it.
“The best way I can summarize your powers is to use the word ‘clairvoyance’, which is extra-bodily perception through time and space. What you have been experiencing is perception through the dimension of time. Soon, the fuller extent of your abilities will manifest and become known to you, son,” said Oba.
Jeteke laid his hands on his lap with his palms facing upwards, and he looked intently at them, observing the unique lines and patterns that decorated his rough palms He considered the strength untold that lay dormant in his mortal form – strength that cried out for discovery. He pondered the weaknesses that he’d been cursed to carry with him all of his life so far – weaknesses that he was still unsure he would never outgrow. He balled up his hands into fists, and asked, “How do I control it?”
Oba smiled. “You’re using it even now.” 
Jeteke looked up at her in surprise.
She continued. “What was the last thing you saw before you found yourself in this place?”
He thought through the most recent events. And then he remembered. “The glowing symbol,” he gasped.
Oba leaned back in her chair. She looked pleased that Jeteke was slowly catching on, like a parent proud of their toddler who just learned to stand. “Jeteke, have you not noticed that every time your clairvoyance has been activated, an adinkra symbol has been in your line of sight?”
The glowing symbol above the shrine. The sepow symbol sewn into the sack that covered his head. The maise symbol on the back of Kaenaam’s wooden fetish, as well as the symbol she drew in the ground when they first met. Even the akoma symbol on his mother’s cloth. It all lined up.
Oba watched with quiet excitement as Jeteke’s eyes lit up from the revelations he was getting. She further exposited, “As a part-celestial child matures from birth, their abilities seek to express themselves. As such, they tend to latch on to the activities or philosophies that engage most of the child’s mind, body and heart, which in your case, was calligraphy. Your celestial abilities are tethered directly to your capacity to read and write; they are appearing now because they are mature and ready for expression.”
“But…but I can barely read or write,” he retorted. “Every time I try, my head begins to pound, my nose bleeds. I mean, I can see symbols and drawings. But sentences? Everything gets jumbled up. And writing – my body can’t handle that.” A lump formed in his throat anew. “Why am I like this, Great Mother?”
“Unfortunately, that is the tradeoff for having such immense and raw power, my child. Your human body simply cannot handle the force of divine energy coming from within you. So you can only realistically use your clairvoyance for small intervals at a time without completely straining your human form,” Oba explained.
Jeteke’s elation was dampened somewhat. He replied, “So that’s it for me? I’ll never be able to write like everyone else?”
Oba’s demeanor turned to a somber one. “Writing is a beautiful and powerful craft unlike any other. With it, a mortal can create fantastical worlds painted exquisitely with only intangible imagination. With it, a mortal may cause his voice to be heard generations after he perishes. With it, a man may bring healing to many other souls without ever knowing them. Using such a potent form of creation would unleash the full force of your celestial abilities, Jeteke. You would surely die.”
He sat there silently and pondered intensely. His questions were answered; the knowledge has been sought out. The truth of it all was weighing heavily upon him, like heavy bricks put on top of one who sleeps. He would never be “normal” – that was the fact lingering over his head, and it felt like somewhat of a curse. He tried to be optimistic about the accompanying fact of his apparent deity, that he was indeed extraordinary among men. But any optimism was promptly crushed under the ceiling of hard truth: he remained human. And a human wants, yearns, feels, laughs, cries, lies, cheats, becomes jealous, and gets disappointed. A human cares, hopes, loves, and wishes for nothing more than to be loved in return. And how could he be loved if he was ostrisized? Who could love someone…something like him?
Oba stood up and said, “Come with me, my precious son”. Jeteke looked up to her and was taken aback by the sight of tears streaming down both sides of her face. She had felt everything. Her divine being had felt his soul and touched the anguish stirring inside of him. And that alone gave him a great measure of comfort. He got up and walked with her. She walked over to the corner of the platform furthest away from the stationary sun. There she stood, and looked up to the dark purple sky and surveyed the stars. 
Jeteke joined her and looked up to the heavens. The stars were so numerous. Some were faint and barely noticeable, while others shone bright and proud. Yet all were tiny specks in the greater tapestry of an infinite sky. And like one of those stars, he wondered where his place was in the vast ocean of everything. Of what significance was his star and all its joy, power and pain? He said to Oba in all earnest, “Great Mother, what is my path?”
As Oba continued to stare at the stars, he answered, “Mankind has looked for his fate written in the stars since time immemorial. How could he not? So much of himself can be discovered there, like a huge mirror reflecting over the whole earth. But in the countless millennia that I have existed, I have learned this: that the stars serve only as a guideline. A man must make his own choices and shape his own destiny. This is the horror and beauty and strength of humanness.”
Oba suddenly looked away as if something had interrupted her. “It seems that Oria is coming to.” She turned and faced Jeteke, and she took both his hands in hers. “Oh Jeteke, my boy. Our time is drawing to a close.” On her face was a smile so warm that it could thaw a frozen lake. “Look at you! How you have grown! I remember when you were so small and precious; and you could fit right in the palm of my hand. Now here you are, tall, strong and handsome. Your heart is full of courage, and your intent is pure. Your destiny is unspeakably great, my child. Your potential, your purpose, can reshape the world, and heal the tribes therein. I see it in you.”
As she spoke, they began to slowly lift off the ground, levitating steadily upward into the starry sky. Jeteke reached out and gave the Great Mother one final embrace. Tears of immense gratitude rolled down his cheeks.
He at last let go, and began to drift backwards. He saw the ground far below them begin to dissolve in white light. Soon the sky itself began to disappear in the same white light. Jeteke looked down at himself, and he saw that his feet and legs were being consumed in the light as well. Oba raised her hand toward him, and just before he was fully consumed, she pronounced a blessing on him, saying: 
“δwo na meka dza δbordo ma wo,
Wδ adze nyina mu,
Asmdwee wδ δko ber mu,
Na nyansa a δfata δhen.
Ma nsuro.
Sδre.
Fa wo tsena bea.
Eyiedzi!”
Which means:
“Upon you, I speak
Abundance in all things,
Peace in times of war,
And wisdom fit for a king.
Do not fear.
Stand up.
Take your place.
Prosperity!”

Snake Skin

Oria gasped as her eyes opened. The last thing she remembered was being carried by Jeteke, running for their lives from the cannibals. She winced as she recalled the wound on her shoulder she’d sustained from the venomous arrow – only, there was no actual pain. She reached up and touched the wounded area, and not only was there no pain, but her shoulder was neatly bandaged with an impeccably white material, smoother than linen to her touch. The material gave off a noticeably sweet and plant-like fragrance. And, as it seemed, her wound had all but completely healed under it. How was that possible? How was she not dead? And where even was she?
She sat up and looked around the dimly torch-lit room. She saw that she had been lying on a bed fashioned out of wood, furnished with blankets of very thick and comfortable sheep skin. The bed was one of two that were placed in the center of the room. The otherwise empty room appeared to be a cavity carved out of rock. All around the room, near the ceiling, hieroglyphs were carved into the wall, arranged into beautiful and elaborate patterns. Oria recognized some of the hieroglyphs as stylized versions of the symbols she had seen in Bora Edzm. If they were indeed adinkra symbols, then it meant she was at a non-hostile Akan place. “It’s a long shot,” she reasoned to herself, “but could I have somehow made it to the shrine?”
She stood up from the bed and walked cautiously toward the lone exit. The ground was course, wet and slippery solid rock, littered with patches of bright green moss. Ferns grew generously around the doorway, which she stepped through as quietly as she could. She emerged into a much larger room, a hall almost. She had entered from what appeared to be the back end of the hall, where dozens of waist high fetishes of various and exotic designs were scattered all over the floor, as if a storm had swept through the place. She carefully stepped over the sculptures as she advanced forward. She looked up and discovered that in the ceiling right in the middle of the room was a huge golden ornament that spread evenly outward; it seemed to imitate the exaggerated shape of a blazing sun. It also gave a wonderful glow all over the hall as it reflected the light of the fire that burned fervently at the front of the hall. It was in that beautiful glow that Oria noticed for the first time since she awoke that she was wearing something different. She was sporting a green and yellow cloth that wrapped around her torso, covering her chest, fastened at the front by some sort of bronze broach, and flowed down to her knees. Her kinky afro was out and free, but it felt neat and damp, as if most of the uncomfortable knots had been combed through. Her sleek, dark skin shimmered in the golden light; it seemed to have been evenly oiled, and it smelled of rich olives. She stopped walking. She softly ran the tips of her fingers from the base of her cranium, down the nape of her neck, to her collar bone. She noticed how she felt none of the dirt and grime of her treacherous trip through the jungle; it was as if she had been bathed. Again, with her finger tips, she felt her face. Her skin there felt extra smooth, as would have been the result of a month or two of meticulous cosmetic work. She licked her bottom lip, which had been gently exfoliated, and tasted somewhat of mulberries. She reached to remove the bandage from her shoulder, and to her utter surprise, there was not a scar to be found. She was both awed and alarmed by the amount of restorative work done on her, considering her last ordeal, barely escaping with her life. Who had done all this, she wondered?
She cast her gaze forward to the fire that lit the room, and her wonder instantly turned away from her own state and toward the huge and remarkably beautiful wooden sculpture that stood tall on the other side of the fire. It was a sculpture of a particularly voluptuous woman, standing with her thighs pressed together, one foot in front of the other, and her arms raised above her head. She looked to have been captured in some sort of mystical dance. A garment covered her groin, stretched across her notably wide hips, and wrapped around her waist, just revealing her belly button. One more garment covered her breasts, though their size was such that cleavage spilled out of the top. In her hands held above her head, she held a mortar in one and a scepter in the other. But even among all the exquisite detail present on the sculpture, Oria was taken aback by one in particular: its eyes were glowing white.
The flames flickered in the pumpkin-sized bowl that housed the fire in front of the sculpture. Until then, Oria was so enthralled by the craftsmanship of the sculpture that she completely overlooked the human body that lay completely still on top of a small and neat stack of sheep skin blankets, underneath which was a donkey-skin carpet, clothed only in a knee-length cloth that wrapped around his waist. “Jeteke!” she exclaimed at the sight of him, and immediately ran to him, and sat on the carpet by his head.
She checked his neck for a pulse, and held her cupped palm over his nose to feel for a breath. He was alive. And she was relieved. Indeed, much more relieved than she intended to be. She felt an intense compassion for him, and the feeling was as if her stomach was floating. Immediately, she recoiled. Why such a feeling? There was no need for such to her. No need at all.
She noticed the glow suddenly disappear from the eyes of the giant sculpture. Then, just as suddenly, Jeteke’s eyes opened. His instinctual gasp for air startled Oria, and she recoiled even further. He sat up and looked around, seeming to be completely unfamiliar with the place. But when he saw her, his face lit up with a kind of boyish joy.
“Oria,” he said with a deep sense of respite. He couldn’t resist throwing his arms around her shoulders and embracing her tightly. Though she smiled, she couldn’t exactly return the warmth and fervor of his hug.
“How did we make it here?” she asked, speaking low, trying to hold her voice steady.
Jeteke sat back and held her upper arms in his hands with a firm but gentle grip. He looked her dead in her eyes, and sincerity coated the tone of his voice, though he himself could barely believe his own words. “Oba…she’s real. She’s the one who brought us here.”
She stared at him for a moment. “That’s crazy, Jeteke. Someone must have brought us here,” she replied skeptically. Her forehead was clenched in disbelief. She wondered if he had suffered some kind of head trauma. The need to know what was really happening grew desperately within her, but his far-fetched explanation was not feeding that need. She moved back ever-so-slightly, subconsciously trying to free herself from his hand. But his grip never loosened, even for a moment.
“Oria. Listen to me. I know it sounds mad. But think. Who would take both you and me away from the cannibals, bring us to the exact place we were going, and clean us up? And for what gain?” The intensity in his voice rose as he spoke. He seemed utterly convinced. “Even I couldn’t carry you all the way.” Just then, he broke eye contact and looked down and to the side. It was if he was ashamed and disappointed that he couldn’t save her on his own, as he claimed.
She picked up on this and put her hand on his knee to reassure him. “I’d have understood if you’d left. Sometimes, the mission is just more important.” She spoke from a strength within her, a strength that had been present within her since her much younger days, the strength that she called upon every time the short trips with her father ended and he went off to war yet again. Strength could be cold, but it was necessary.
Jeteke looked back straight into her eyes. Shaking his head slightly, and with a somber conviction, he said, “but there’s no way I would just leave you like that. Not like that.”
At that moment, something in her cracked. All her strength crumbled, and she froze. All the while Jeteke was speaking, he’d still not let her go. Once again, he pulled her in and held her in his arms, and this time she succumbed to his embrace, holding him just as close.
She felt the rising and falling of their chests synchronize as they breathed together. They turned face each other, and immediately, naturally, their mouths found each other, and their lips began a mutual dance of exploration, kindness, and passion. Without thinking, she began to let down walls and blockades in her heart that, only moments ago, she wasn’t even fully aware she had. As their kiss intensified, and they deeply breathed each other’s’ air, their hands eagerly embraced and caressed. Touching grew more and more liberal, echoing the exploding yearning within their beings. Instinctively, he began to kiss her neck and hold her waist. She didn’t hold back the moans his actions provoked, and as her body began to writhe with pleasure against his, the lone cloth covering his waist fell away, revealing his hardness. Her bare thigh felt him, hard and throbbing with desire, and in spontaneous response, she undid the broach that held the garment that wrapped her supple body, and let it slip and fall to the ground, where it would no longer obstruct their communion. Jeteke couldn’t help himself; he momentarily scooped her up at the waist and proceeded to lay her down on her back. Her whole body danced as she felt the miraculously comfortable fur of the carpet beneath. He leaned over her and began to knead her breasts, almost out of an insatiable need. He tenderly sucked on her nipples as if to milk her nurture, care and acceptance to nourish his yearning heart. Between her legs was already oozing liquids of ecstasy and need. She grabbed his hair and pulled him up to her. Their eyes met in a moment of deep trust and vulnerability. A tear rolled out of the side of her eye. She didn’t know what on earth she was feeling, simply because she’d never actually felt that way before. But, at the very least, she was familiar with one of the grand assortment of emotions welling up within her; she felt completely safe. He kissed her passionately once again while pinning her soft body under his. Finally, without abandoning her lips, he entered her, and as his erection gently filled her, she cried out in wanting for him. And he gave himself to her. All of himself.
***
Even after all those nights they had spent on their trek in the jungle, it was only right there that Oria noticed that he snored, if only just a little bit. Then again, such details were much easier to catch when naked and cuddled in one another’s arms. She didn’t mind it. But she remained awake, however, for her mind was troubling her.
What had happened between them was indeed sincere. She had never felt that way before about anyone, and she knew it. But was it okay that she had feelings for him in spite of her lingering mission towards him…about him? Would it all be the same if he knew why she was really there in the first place? In any case, there was no more work to be done; she could call off the hunt.
She stood up and wrapped herself in the cloth once again. Careful not to wake Jeteke, she walked back to the small room where she had awoken. There, she searched for the garments she wore when she awoke there, and there they were, folded neatly on a stool in a corner of the little room. She sifted through the things until she found her necklace that had the strange brass ornament. Gripping it tightly in her hand, she made for the shrine’s main entrance. It was still in the dead of night, perhaps fast approaching first light. She got outside and walked to the river bank; she didn’t even remember washing up on shore. She held the tiny opening at the bottom of the brass ornament against her lips, and she blew. It resonated and gave off a very particular noise: a high pitched wooing sound that danced very nimbly up and down before ending with a lengthy and exaggerated purr. Wooleewooleepurr. Wooleewooleepurr. 
She then went back into the shrine and lay down next to Jeteke. She lay on her side and looked at him as he slept. Her thoughts gravitated to his recounting of his encounter with, what he described as, “the actual tangible person whom his mother prayed to every day.” Whether or not she believed any of what he said was a different matter. But what she knew was, at that moment, for some inexplicable reason, she wanted to stay there with him. Plausible or delusional, she didn’t know. But it was clear to her that if anything was to come of that, she had to finish her mission and close off that realm of duty. All she had to do then is to wait.
Hours passed, and dawn broke. The chirping of the early birds echoed through the tunnel entrance to the shrine. Oria, unfortunately, had barely slept a wink. Anxiety had gotten to the point of almost tormenting her. But her relief came in the form of the strange whistling noise: Wooleewooleepurr. Wooleewooleepurr. Immediately, she got up, still taking care not to wake Jeteke, and she strutted as fast as she could towards the shrine entrance.
At the end of the tunnel, she met a familiar silhouette of a tall, fit, slender young woman with a walking stick. She walked straight to the person and gave her a hearty hug. “What took you so long?” she complained.
“We’re from desert terrain, Oria. This ‘trees, flies, and monkeys everywhere’ business is a little tough to navigate,” replied Kaenaam in her trademark nonchalant tone. “Beside, we had a run it with those nasty little weird people.”
“We?” asked Oria as she stepped back. “I thought you were tracking me alone. Who else is here?”
Kaenaam put her free hand on Oria’s shoulder and said, “Don’t freak out. Ever since the village, I have tracked you here with three soldiers and–”
“And who?” asked Oria, trying not to shout.
Kaenaam took a moment, and then she responded. “The General. He wanted to personally make sure we left no stones unturned.”
Oria’s demeanor instantly changed to a defensive one. She took a deep breath and walked outside to the river bank, Kaenaam following close behind. Outside she found the three Mandinka warriors standing at attention, keeping watch in different directions, while Okson sat on the ground with his legs folded, sharpening the blade of his spear with a smooth rock he’d found lying along the river bank.
She came and stood at attention in front of him. Without turning away from his blade, or stopping the sharpening, he said in a calm voice, “You know, I reprimanded your father for recommending a pair of untested women trackers tag along on this trip. But I am impressed – I didn’t think you’d survive a single afternoon in this jungle. I stand corrected. He taught you well.” He looked at her, scoffed, and added, “Well enough.” 
She clenched her fists, but refrained from answering back. Instead, she kept her hands firmly at her sides, stood up straight and said, “My report, sir. I have interacted extensively with the son of the high priestess, sir. I can now say, conclusively, that the people of Bora Edzm bare no secret or hidden weaponry that is being used to enhance the warfare of the Sosso people.”
Okson stood up. “Is that so?” he said.
“Yes,” she replied. “If there was a hidden project of some kind, Jeteke would have told me. All that the villagers do is what we already know: design and imbue artifacts with the symbols, believing that they transfer spiritual meaning and divine protection to the owners.”
Okson turned around, stood quietly and thought deeply.
In frustration, Oria let slip from her mouth, “There is nothing in that village! We can leave it alone.” She immediately held herself back for raising her voice.
Okson maintained his silence for a bit, unmoved by her slight display of insubordination. Then, as if suddenly struck with an epiphany, he asked, “These symbols, they are branded onto Sosso weaponry as well, yes?”
Oria froze. After an uncomfortable silence, Kaenaam stepped in and answered, “Yes sir, we already know that much.”
The general slowly turned around. With a slow, droning voice, he said, “The greatest weapon in war is neither the blade nor the arrow. It is the mind of those who fight. Soldiers who are convinced they are on the side of God, who believe that their cause is divine and righteous, they will fight with valor far beyond the norm. Do you see how feeble and gullible the mind of man is?” 
Okson took a sack that hung from his belt and held it up in front of him. Oria gasped, not only because she recognized that the symbol on the sack was identical to the one on the sack that was used to cover her head, but also because this sack had what looked to be a detached head in it. Blood that seeped through the bottom of the sack had hardened. Okson continued, “See the destruction that has been caused by religion and false gods! People shun and ostracize others of their own tribe, and persecute them as evil and monsters, in order to remain superior. If you can shape the minds of the people, you shape the outcome of the battle. Now I see clearer than I have ever seen. Propaganda is the ultimate weapon of war. That is what these symbols are; that has been their advantage!”
“We cannot remove all the symbols from all the Sosso warriors in the land,” said Oria with her voice shaking.
“No, we cannot,” agreed Okson. “But we can cut off the spring at its source.” He threw up the sack and, with swift precision, he hurled his spear at it. It dug through the sack and its contents and pinned them to a nearby tree. “The symbols must no longer be produced and distributed. The village and all its inhabitants must be destroyed.”
Oria’s heart sank to her stomach.
“Where is the priestess’ boy?” demanded Okson.
Oria had to think fast. “He…he died at the hands of the little people. Only I barely escaped when I jumped into the river and ended up here.”
Okson exhaled deeply. “Then we shall return to the village and finish the job.”
Again, Oria had to think quickly. She said abruptly, “Permission to stay here for a while, sir.” Okson looked at her, shocked and almost upset at the apparent silliness of her request. She continued, “I…I had much respect for the young man and his people. I wish to pay my respects to them at this shrine that was dear to them.”
Okson spat on the ground and a look of disgust lingered on his face. “Sentiment. This is why you belong at home cooking for a husband and children. Women lack the efficiency needed to do what is needed on the battlefront.” He walked and took his spear out of the tree. “Well, since you are such a good tracker, I expect you’ll find us at the village when the work is done.” Okson and the troops started towards the direction in the tree from where they had arrived.
Kaenaam quickly rushed to Oria and whispered frantically, “What are you doing?”
“Please, Kaenaam. I need you to trust me. Go. I’ll catch up,” said Oria, trying not to hyperventilate.
Kaenaam knew that if she wanted to keep up with the others and not get left behind for her sprained ankle, she had to leave with them. She shook her head, cursed and quickly followed the rest.
Oria stood at the entrance of the shrine, sick to her stomach. Her lie to Jeteke had just grown into a life threatening tumor. She had no idea what to do. But if she didn’t do something, everyone, even Jeteke himself, would be killed.

Birthed of Fire

Oria walked slowly back into the shrine, so slowly, as if to delay time itself. She didn’t want to face Jeteke; she didn’t want him to know anything of what had just happened, of what was about to happen. Yet it seemed futile to run away then. Her heart would not let her. But her mind was spinning, manically searching for some alternative. She arrived at his side, and there she lay. As she lay in silence, her heart began to feel the pull, and the force of the tug of war within began to strain her chest. And, as her heart was moved, she leaned over him and kissed his cheek.
Jeteke smiled and opened his eyes as he awake from the most peaceful slumber he’d had in weeks, maybe even years. And there, above him, leaned a woman so beautiful, he could scarcely believe he’d already spent about three days in her presence. He was star struck, and a little mad at himself for not seeing Oria that way any sooner. She did, however, seem a bit tense at that moment. He leaned forward and kissed her lips. “Are you okay?” he asked in a tender tone that was new to even him.
Oria looked deeply into his eyes with a look of softness accompanied by a sense of urgency. It was as if she would vomit out entire paragraphs if tipped over the edge. Then, almost too suddenly, she said, “Come away with me.”
Jeteke stared blankly at her. He had no idea what she meant.
She repeated, “Come away with me. We don’t have to go back to the village. We can go anywhere we want. Start a life completely new. Please, come away with me.” She took both of his hands in her own.
Jeteke stared back into her eyes. Her sincerity was unmistakable. He couldn’t fathom how she could be so ready for such a move so suddenly. But, against any perceivable reasoning, he was actually already considering her offer. 
“What are we waiting for?” said Oria, pulling on his hands, gesturing that they should immediately get up and go.
“Clothes. How about that?” replied Jeteke playfully. He stood up and looked around the shrine room for his clothing.
“Run around naked, you big scarecrow,” joked Oria. “It’ll ward off evil spirits and cannibals in the jungle.”
Jeteke replied with a fake laugh as he got dressed. And then he thought out loud as he pointed to a raft-like structure that lay on top of one of the alters, presumably used to hold objects of offering. “Eureka! We can float this thing in the river and ride it downstream. It will get us out of this jungle much faster.”
He took one corner of the raft in one hand and dragged it behind him, and in the other hand he held Oria’s. She smiled, relieved at the prospect of a newfound peaceful adventure. Together, they walked out of the shrine into the light of the new morning.
Gratefulness filled Jeteke’s heart, for right where he walked; he had been facing death only the night prior. In the biggest way he’d known thus far in his life, his prayer had been answered. He looked up to the symbol atop the entrance to the shrine, remembering Oba’s intervention and restoring of his very life.
But, just then, he fell on his knees and cried out, holding his head in reaction to some sort of aching pain.
“Jeteke!” cried out Oria in alarm. She rushed to him, and did her best to help wipe the blood trickling from his nose.
He gasped, and calmed down his heavy breathing. Utter distress was written all over his face. He looked to Oria, who mirrored his look of distress. “I…I was just holding her in my arms! There’s so much blood! Auntie!”
Oria was shocked. Did he really just have one of his so-called premonitions? There was no way the tracking party had even made it back to the village by then. Did he eavesdrop on them earlier and thus know about Okson’s scheme? Oria began to think Jeteke’s story of meeting a divine being may not have been so far-fetched.
Jeteke took hold of the raft and pulled it into the water urgently. “We can catch a way to the village faster, as it’s downstream,” he said, rushing to steady the raft. His palms sweat, causing him to clumsily mishandle the rope on it, cutting himself in the process.
She thought to try and convince him to not go back, and her mind automatically thought up a myriad of flimsy reasons to sway his attention. But part of her knew it was a lost cause and she was too late. The cognitive dissonance caused a deep, nauseating void to form in the pit of her stomach. She scrambled hurriedly among the reeds to find long and strong canes to use as rowing sticks. Her hands could not stop shivering as she handed one to Jeteke, knowing that from where she was rowing to, there was no turning back.
***
Jeteke didn’t even wait for the raft to reach the riverbank. He jumped off and waded to shore, desperate to save any amount of time he could to prevent the horror he had foreseen. Oria didn’t bother to try and stop him. The anguish and anxiety that his mind bore on the trip there caused him to barely speak a word the whole way. She feared that any request would surely add to his angst.
“Go to the temple and get anyone you can find. Tell them that a mambo has been stabbed in the home of the high priestess. I’m going straight there. Maybe I can stop the bleeding,” Jeteke shouted as he waded forward. His mother’s hut was on the outskirts of the village, and so he knew a way to cut through the bush to its location without going through the heart of the village. He rushed there as fast as his feet could carry him.
He finally emerged from the bushes behind the hut, and he circled around the front to the entrance. But nothing he’d ever seen was enough to prepare him for the dreadfulness he was about to see. There, in front of the entrance, a lifeless body stood upright, held up by a short spear that was at its base anchored into the ground, pierced through the throat of the corpse, and exited through the back of the cranium – the body of a young girl child. All feeling seeped from his body at the gruesome sight. “Nana?” he tried to speak. His whole body began to tremble. But before he could process that, he heard a muffled cough come from inside the hut.
He swiftly stepped inside the hut to find Luma on the floor, barely breathing, coughing up blood. Just as in his vision, he knelt down and picked her up, holding her in his arms. He was unable to speak, and his whole body was trembling violently. Luma was in shock, so she could not communicate at all. Jeteke held her upright to stop her from choking on the blood that was filling up her pierced lung. Though he was losing his sense of balance due to the situation’s trauma, he was at least able to maintain his basic motor functions. He scrambled for a nearby cloth and held it against her chest to stop the bleeding from the deep stab wound.
As he held Luma close, he asked himself how any of that could happen, why any god would allow such a thing to come to pass. He’d seen and touched a powerful deity, without question. But where was she now? Where was the mercy and love that was to be bestowed upon her followers? Honestly, did Oba, or any other god for that matter, even care? His heart sank into an abyss of hopelessness. Nothing mattered, it seemed. There would be no respite for the human race; all his days are nothing but impending trouble. Jeteke couldn’t even cry anymore.
The word “destiny” popped into his head, however. Oba had mentioned how he had the capacity to heal the peoples of the world. He bore an extraordinary ability, one that enabled him to, at the very least, save his aunt from a lonely death. Maybe, just maybe, there was something he could do about all that mindless killing in the world he lived in. He could not see the whole future, but he could definitely see what was right in front of him: a path, an opportunity to use his gift to heal the world. Maybe that could be his destiny. Maybe that would avenge poor little Nana. Maybe the gods never cared – but he did.
The smell of smoke reached his nose. He wondered what could be burning. Perhaps Luma and Nana had left a pot on the fire when they were attacked. If he didn’t find it and put it out, it would burn the house to ashes, them along with it. He gently laid Luma down sitting upright against a wall, and then he followed his nose to the source of the smoke. But, instead of leading him to the back room where the pots are, the smoke trail led him back outside. He looked up over the trees toward the direction of the market, and a dark cloud of smoke was rising into the sky from there. The smoke had only just reached him in the hut, which meant that the fire was new, which in turn, meant that the raiders were still in the village.
Jeteke knew immediately that it was time to use his gift. He swung around and headed back into the hut and grabbed one of the big wooden staffs that lay in the corner with the other vodun utensils. That was the staff his mother used when stirring a huge pot of whatever substance or omens she was preparing when performing a spell. On that staff, the adinkra symbol Hye wo nhye, which means “he who would burn you be not burned”, was carved into the head of the staff. Jeteke sat down in the middle of the room with his legs crossed. For a few moments, he looked intently at the symbol on the staff. Then, he closed his eyes and placed the middle finger of his right hand in the centre of his o h e a f r e d forehead.
He appeared in the bushes i g t h r right around the market. The stalls were on fire, and there were bodies everywhere. The stench of blood and ash contaminated the air, a sickening smell. Two of the a s r i d e r raiders walked past, and Jeteke hid himself. Curiously, they appeared not to be taking any goods. He wondered who they were and what it is they wanted. Jeteke stealthily followed the two men, and they walked hurriedly to the temple.
They walked into the p m o c o u d n compound and, listening from the outside it seemed that there were still some villagers inside. From their screaming, it appeared that they were being slaughtered like pigs. Jeteke jumped v o r e over the fence and moved quietly forward crouching as low as he could. He made his way up to the watch tower in the yard and observed what happened o l b e w below in the temple’s open area, careful not let his presence be known.
He saw a tall and intimidating man with a huge r e a p s spear walking slowly walking about the yard, executing all the people he walked across by either stabbing them in the chest or using the spear’s sharpened d e l b a blade to cut their throats. He neither interrogated nor listened to any y c m r e mercy pleas. He simply killed them in cold blood. The two raiders that Jeteke followed went up to the man and reported something to him. They were then followed by a m a w o n woman. Jeteke thought that this was some sort of genocide; it had to be, considering the manner of cruelty on display. That man was clearly the leader and the man to beat in d e r o r order to decentralise the group of raiders and throw off the attack.
Just then, an acutely sharp pain exploded in Jeteke’s head, forcing him to open his eyes. He sprung up quickly from the floor and wiped the blood from his nose on to his forearm. He then knew what he had to do, and that he had to do it quickly.
He ran to the market area and headed straight for the nearest hunting stall that was not consumed in flames. There, he picked up a bow with four arrows. Then, without moving in the open, he made it towards the temple compound, and hid himself among some bushes, where he waited. Finally, the two raiders came from the market area and walked swiftly into the temple, cuing Jeteke to jump over the fence sneak toward the watchtower. He climbed up into position and calmed his breathing, lest his panting give him away. He listened, and then came the time that the two men gave their report to the intimidating man. He took a few deep breaths. The time had arrived. As soon as the two men turned around and exited the yard, Jeteke stood up and aimed an arrow straight at the head of the man with the spear, who was then speaking to the woman.
But then the woman turned around and revealed her face to Jeteke before he could fire the arrow. He froze completely. It was Oria. She was neither negotiating with the man nor pleading for mercy. She didn’t even seem as though she feared for her life. In utter shock and confusion, Jeteke mistakenly called out her name, “Oria?!”
Okson instantly turned to him up in the watchtower with a bloodthirsty look in his eye. Jeteke fired the arrow, but Okson blocked it with a single swing of his spear. Being not too far away and hearing the commotion, the two soldiers rushed back into the yard and up the watchtower and quickly subdued Jeteke. They dragged him down and into the open area, and they set him in front of Okson.
They punched him in his face and kicked him in the abdomen, and he fell to his knees. He looked up and saw Oria, and instantly he pleaded, “Oria, run!” But she stood still, motionless. “Oria?” he begged once again. Again, she did not respond. She only stood there rigidly, looking down at the ground, avoiding any sort of eye contact. Though it was clear she was not being held hostage, she looked utterly trapped. 
Okson turned to her and threatened, “I should kill you where you stand. You dared to protect a target?” He stepped to her and laid the sharp blade on her neck, and he said, “You are spared death only because I know whose daughter you are. I will deal with you in due course.”
He then turned to Jeteke and scoffed. Walking slowly towards him, he said, “The prodigal son has returned. And you are much more trouble than I anticipated. Not only have you turned the heart of the daughter of one of the Mandinka’s most ruthless generals toward treason, you survived being hunted by those disgusting little man-eaters in the jungle. We slaughtered them all; the world is much more pleasant with such vermin. But this that is being done to your people is not the same as that. You have a beautiful gift in your art, you son of the high priestess. The adinkra symbols are time capsules, passing down principles, affirmations, and hope through the tribes and generations. In fact, that is precisely why we must eradicate you. In order to gain the minds of all the tribes, we must destroy your source of hope for rebellion, therefore everyone who even knows how to draw one of these symbols will die here today.”
Jeteke hung his head in defeat. His heart had been broken too many times that day. He was out of strength, barely holding on to the will in his heart. All he could do is look up to Oria, who stood paralysed at Okson’s side, and beg her one final time, “Why?” 
Again, she could not bring herself to answer. A tear momentarily rolled down her cheek, and immediately, she turned away.
Okson squatted down to Jeteke and looked him dead in his eyes. He then jammed his blade into Jeteke’s thigh, causing him to cry out in great pain. Okson then said to the two soldiers, “Tie him up and lock him inside the watchtower. Let’s see how your people’s voodoo magic will save you this time.” Okson spat in Jeteke’s face, and ordered the men to take him away.
Bound, bleeding, and heartbroken a number of times over, Jeteke groaned deeply and writhed around on the floor of the watchtower. The men laughed as they set the tower on fire from the outside. Ironically, something that was also ignited was rage, a rage that was blazing out of control in Jeteke’s heart. His soul was screaming for revenge and retribution, for righteous and divine judgement. His soul cracked as it raced toward breaking point. Everything in this world had to fall. As his skin was beginning to feel the searing heat from the rising flames, his soul was set alight with its next mission: “destroy the arrogance of the Mandinka, men who dare to choose the fate of others”.
Part 2: Kings

One year later


Follow me on:
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
Youtube
Download the accompanying album “Eyiedzi Buyantanshi” here.

Like what you’ve read? Smile…there’s more… ;)


