FALLEN

By

JAMES SOMERS

*A Sequel Preview of “Descendant” included*
*A Bonus Preview of “The Serpent Kings” included*


2012© James Somers
www.jamessomers.blogspot.com

Discover other titles by James Somers at Smashwords 
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this ebook, please purchase another copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this ebook and did not purchase it, then return to Smashwords to purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.




Oliver

Mr. Oliver James sat within the French café, Le Braziere, in downtown London, waiting for his contact to arrive. He had come early in order to scope out the area and the restaurant, ever careful to trust no one. Despite the late hour, a number of patrons were still seated eating their meals, or drinking wine.
Oliver noted several older couples enjoying different pasta dishes. Two young lovers sat nearby, having eyes only for one another. Several waiters milled about between tables, looking entirely snooty and proud of their profession as though they were waiting upon kings, or  other great dignitaries. 
Despite having lived in London for many years, Oliver had never been fond of French food and so had never dined at La Braziere. His contact, one Samuel Loch, had provided Oliver with useful information about the doings of Mr. Black and his associates for nearly two years. Oliver felt fairly comfortable with the man. Still, one could never be too careful. Loch was already ten minutes late.
Oliver sat quite still with a glass of wine before him. When the waiter had offered him a wine list he had been surprised to find Oliver’s glass already full. Oliver, a man of middle age with a gray-streaked beard and slim frame, had smiled politely but had offered no explanation as to how the wine had gotten into his glass. He simply took a sip as the waiter wandered away bewildered, unsure as to what he had been doing at this curious man’s table in the first place. Minutes later he would have no recollection of a man fitting Oliver’s description ever being at the restaurant that evening.
It had been overcast all day. Only five minutes ago, the weather had turned worse as showers came down outside amid a cacophonous concert of thunder and lightning. During all of this, Samuel Loch finally walked through the door, looking worse for wear, completely drenched in his overcoat and cap. He wound his way toward Oliver’s table, ignoring the other patrons completely; something that seemed rather odd for a man that normally would not cross the street without a detailed report of everyone waiting for him on the other side.
Samuel took the chair opposite Oliver and sat down. 
“I’m sorry for the delay, Mr. James. The weather’s right nasty out. Anyways, I’ve got something really special for you tonight.”
Oliver took another sip of his wine before he spoke. “Since you’ve made me wait, I should hope so,” he said.
Samuel grinned, scanning the restaurant with his eyes conspiratorially before continuing. “Black is making big moves in London; lots of recruiting among the People.”
“This I know already,” Oliver said. 
“But wait,” Samuel said, “you haven’t heard the best part. I’ve a special message from Black.”
When Samuel Loch said this, he stood, pulling a revolver as he did so. When the barrel cleared the table top, he fired it repeatedly into Oliver’s chest. “Mr. Black says your time is up, old man!”
Oliver lurched in his chair with every shot fired. Bloody holes spoiled his white button-down shirt, mingling with the crimson vest worn beneath his suit jacket. Samuel stood over him, firing the revolver until he hit several empty cylinders in a row. 
Oliver’s shocked gaze suddenly narrowed, fixing upon Samuel’s face, a wicked grin crossing his lips. He reached forward and took another sip of his wine. Loch’s eyes widened with surprise. 
“Did you really think it would be so easy, Loch?” Oliver asked.
His form shimmered in his chair and then vanished while Samuel watched. The other patrons were on their feet, observing the entire exchange with shocked expressions. The image of Oliver in the large wall-mounted mirror behind Samuel suddenly leaped from the looking glass into the real world, pummeling Loch with the silver wolf’s head of his cane.
Loch fell forward across the table, sprawling onto the floor entangled in the off-white table cloth. The other patrons showed their true colors. Each and every one, including even the young lovers, drew pistols and started firing at Oliver.
He lurched away, blurring for a moment as he sidestepped the physical world through a portal of his own making, emerging halfway across the restaurant. Oliver pulled the flame from the nearest gas lamp, sending it into the young couple, igniting them in a blaze that instantly felled the woman while the man ran screaming through the restaurant’s plate glass façade. 
Realizing the slippery nature of their target, one of the older couples turned on his new position, unloading their pistols. A wave of Oliver’s hand scattered the bullets into the nearby tables and glassware, shattering and splintering all. Another flick of his finger brought the wall curtains down upon the older couple, binding them fast in a strangle hold the likes of which even an anaconda could not manage.
Oliver turned to four more assassins, posing as patrons, coming around a division among the tables. One of them actually had brought a stick of dynamite to the party. Were they so desperate, he wondered? The fuse was already lit. The middle-aged assassin flung the TNT into the air toward Oliver. As he gazed upon the infernal object it unrolled itself, revealing the tightly packed powder. All of the explosive contents blew backward upon the crouching assassins along with the lit fuse, hissing and squirming like a scalded snake. The powder ignited mid-air showering the assassins in a cloud that blossomed into an inferno around them.
Oliver surveyed the scene. Dead or severely wounded assassins were scattered throughout the restaurant. When he went back to the table he had previously occupied, Oliver found Samuel Loch missing. Apparently he had fled the restaurant.
He sat down at the only nearby table that had not been touched by fighting. Around him the restaurant stood ramshackle and burning. Oliver picked up an empty wine glass in pristine condition, raising it before him. Red wine filled the glass from the bottom up as he gazed upon it. Oliver sniffed the aroma, approving of the vintage he had reproduced. “To you, Mr. Black,” he toasted.
The hammer of a revolver clicked as it was pulled back into firing position. As Oliver turned, a waiter standing directly behind him was tackled from the side by a young girl. The waiter fell heavily to the carpeted floor of Le Braziere with the girl attached to his neck. His gun discharged in no particular direction. Within seconds of her attack, he was completely incapacitated.
Oliver stood, watching the girl feed for a moment before she looked up at him with red-rimmed irises glowing in the candlelight of nearby tables. Not a drop had been spilled. Her skin flushed, suddenly vibrant where it had been pale and gray a moment before. The assassin’s pistol, ready to have placed a bullet into the back of Oliver’s head, still lay in his hand, a single cartridge discharged.
Oliver sighed, smiling at the young girl now standing before him wearing black clothing that matched no particular fashion of the day. Clearly it had been designed for practical purposes like ease of movement only; breeches and a blouse with a hooded robe covering all.
“Do you always leave such a mess?” she said, surveying what was left of Le Braziere’s once elegant dining room.
“Thank you for your assistance, Charlotte,” Oliver said. “As always, your timing is impeccable.”
The girl did not acknowledge the compliment. Constables would soon be on the scene following the gunfire and the charred corpse lying outside. The Fire Brigade would follow on their heels but most of Le Braziere would be destroyed. By the time Oliver James gathered himself and exited Le Braziere, the girl had vanished as mysteriously as she had appeared.



London 1888

I never shall forget the occasion that brought me to London in my seventeenth year—a year that would deprive me of my father, my sanity and very nearly my life. I had imagined the beginning of a grand adventure—one that would usher me into the real world far beyond our meager home in Albany. What I experienced would terrify my soul beyond all possibility.
“A monarchy—does that mean they have a king?”
My father lifted his hat and scratched the back of his head. “Oh yes—well, they had one, but he died. They still have a queen though—Victoria is her name.”
I stood next to my father at the portside rail of the great steamship Andromeda bearing us across the Atlantic toward England. “Do you think I will get to meet her while we’re in London?”
My father gave me an uncertain look. “I doubt it. After all, Brody, Queens are very busy people. Perhaps she might make an appearance, and you could see her then.”
I smiled at the thought. This managed to satisfy me. England would be a glorious place. New sights, sounds and adventure awaited us on that distant shore. I was sure of it. If only I had known how wrong my thinking was, I never would have set foot upon the shore.
I passed my time onboard watching dolphins race at the bow. Oblivious to the danger, sleek gray bodies breeched the dark water then arced gracefully back beneath the wake only to do it again and again. I marveled at the great expanse of ocean before me—as menacing in the night as it was beautiful during the day. 
“What Noah must have thought to be set upon a never-ending ocean and with so many animals,” I observed.
My father simply laughed to himself at my wide-eyed wonder. We read the bible by lantern light each night before we went to bed. Then I dreamed of the Maker of all things until morning. 
My father had been the pastor of a small Baptist church in our city for nearly ten years. Most recently, he had been summoned to London. Eager to serve, my father had made ready to go posthaste. 
“The fields are white unto harvest, Brody. That is why we are making this trip. Mr. Thomas, the man paying our fare to London, is planning to start out on a missionary journey, and I have the privilege of helping organize it. Ours and our sister churches at home will help to finance the planting of new churches in foreign lands.”
I listened, feeding off his fervency for souls, wondering who I would meet and whether Mr. Thomas had any children my age. London being so new to me and such a large place, I hoped for a friend who might help me learn my way while my father and Mr. Thomas worked. 
“Does Mr. Thomas have any children?”
My father thought a moment. “You know, I’m not really sure. But I’m certain their will be boys your age among the families of his congregation. You may get to know them and make good friends.”
On our last night at sea, I lay awake—anxious for what the next day would bring. Eventually, the undulating ship rocked me to sleep upon the waves. I dreamed strange things that night—things that only now do I have more understanding of. 
I walked alone through a crowded city street. No one held a kind look for me. No one showed me any pity. I felt bitter cold and my belly groaned for a bite of food. It seemed so real. Shadowy figures emerged from dark alleys to pull at my tattered clothing.
I heard the beating of great wings which grew louder and louder. I became frightened and looked for the source of these wing-beats. The crowded street stirred into a panic as pedestrians sought refuge from the invisible raptor. Gentlemen and ladies ran over one another trying to get to safety until the street became quite empty. I stood in the middle of a cobblestone lane, turning in every direction, knowing of no way to flee.
As I turned again, a man stood in the street before me. The sun cast him in silhouette, so that his face remained hidden beneath a tall hat. He wore a dark suit with a long coat and held a straight cane with a silver knob in his gloved hand. Great wings unfurled behind him. Brilliant sunlight illuminated the white feathers, showing them dingy—stained with blood and filth. The man swung his cane up high and then down upon my head as I tried to scream.
I awoke the following morning to my father singing a hymn as he shaved over a basin half filled with water. “It’s about time you got up. We’re coming to port today,” he said. “Isn’t it exciting, Brody?”
I shook off my night terrors and nodded. The sun shone through our porthole, reassuring me that all was well. My father and I dressed and prepared our things for departure. Father searched the small cabin. 
“Do we have everything?” he asked.
“Yes sir, I believe so.”
“Good. Then we’ll go up on deck and watch the captain bring the ship to port,” he said.
We disembarked shortly after finding a place on deck and began our trek through the city. The streets were crowded. An odor assaulted our senses coming into the city proper—sweat mingled with decay. 
I remained directly behind my father as we weaved through the crowd. On several occasions, pedestrians bumped me as my father stepped to the side on his way. I nearly toppled to the ground, but rather than apologize for their rudeness, they glared at me or told me to watch where I was going.
My father occasionally apologized for my missteps, but soon began to ignore the remarks as they became more frequent. A river of people, wearing tall hats and bonnets, meandered along both sides of the street while horses drew black and brown carriages down the cobble roads. Faces passed too quickly to observe details, though large sideburns and mustaches appeared all the rage.
I noticed a gathering in a square ahead of us. “Father, what is that up there?”
“I’m not sure,” he said. We veered toward the place until we observed a large wooden gallows which had been erected there. A man stood upon it, reading charges aloud for the crime of pick-pocketing. The accused stood below a fresh cut beam with a length of rope cinched about his neck. He appeared, to me, to be only a boy, perhaps a few years older than myself. His arms had been tied behind his back, however his face remained exposed for all to view.
My father tried to hasten us away from the scene. “There’s no need for us to watch this, Brody.” He started away. I noticed tears streaking across the boy’s dirty cheeks, creating the only clean places on him. “Brody!”
I started from my amazement and turned to find my father giving me a stern look. “Time to move on, son.”
I stole another glance at the convicted boy then walked after my father. The crowd flowed in behind me to see the spectacle. Many people shouted accusations and curses at the boy thief. The crowd seemed to all be of the same opinion. He deserved to die for his crimes.
I caught up with my father and heard the lever pulled on the gallows behind me. My head jerked back to it as the floor beneath the boy gave way. He dropped, his neck pulling all the slack from the rope. His feet kicked and his eyes bugged from their sockets as his mouth flew open, unable to utter a sound against the sudden pain. Seeing the thief struggle, other young boys, waiting below the gallows, latched onto his legs, pulling him down harder until he moved no more.
I could not believe what I had just witnessed. My breathing grew heavy. My father patted my back to reassure me. “Sin carries a heavy price, Brody…never forget that.”
I wanted to be away from London that very moment. Still, my eyes stole glances at the sight from inside my father’s coat. I saw no one there mourning for the boy’s demise. Didn’t he have a father and mother who cared at all? The hangman lowered the body for those below who then took charge of it. The crowd began to disperse and go back to business as usual, as though no one had just died before their eyes.
My father hailed a carriage and placed our bags inside. He helped me up first then climbed in after. The driver sat in front of us, holding the reins on two fine looking black mares with feather plumes on top of their bridles. “Where to, sir?” he asked with a thick accent.
“We should like to exchange some currency,” my father replied. “Could you take us to a bank nearby?”
The driver turned slightly toward us. “Of course, sir. I know just the one.” He snapped his reins and set us off through the streets, our carriage vibrating upon the laid stones. The metronome of hoof-clops lulled me as I tried to put the images of the hanging out of my thoughts. 
Rows of shops passed by on either side where ladies in fancy dresses and finely dressed gentlemen spent their wares. I wondered at taller structures which rose behind them; especially a cathedral with stone columns and images of saints cut from polished stone. The bells chimed four times from a high tower, alerting the populace as to the time of day.
When we arrived at the bank building, I noticed how impressive it was—grey stone and marble columns, polished brass doorknobs upon mahogany paneled doors. The carriage stopped in front and my father paid the driver with a little money sent to him by Mr. Thomas to be used until he acquired his own currency. The driver tipped his hat gratefully. “Thank you, sir. Shall I wait for you?”
“No, but thank you.” My father helped me down from the carriage. “I’m sure we’ll manage to catch another one when we’re ready.”
We stepped away just as a young gentleman and his lady summoned the carriage from down the street. The driver gave the reins a slight snap and the horses drew the carriage toward them. 
I followed my father to the doors and noticed a man staring at us. He stood with his back against the bank building dressed in well-worn clothes and a cap. He hadn’t shaved recently and had dark circles under his eyes. His piercing blue eyes watched my father as he opened the door to the bank and stepped inside. His gaze turned to me, grinning. For some reason he made me shudder.
Following my father inside the bank, I gazed in wonder at the finery of it. Brass fixtures, polished wood and stately marble loomed everywhere my eyes fell. The clerks dressed in tailored suits and many wore wire spectacles upon their noses.
My father conducted his business with a teller while I roamed close by. I found a seating area and sank into one of the leather chairs provided. It smelled quite nice and was incredibly comfortable. I rubbed the leather arms and watched the glinting sunlight play upon the great chandelier crystals. London’s citizens marched on outside the tall windows.
My father woke me from my daydreaming once he had concluded his business. “Come along, Brody. We’ll find something to eat and then look up Mr. Thomas.” I hopped out of my comfortable chair and followed him back outside. Once we had reached the street again, my father began looking for an available carriage. I looked back to the man standing against the wall and found him looking at my father again. He noticed me staring and averted his eyes.
“I suppose we could walk a bit and find a pub or somewhere to get a bite,” my father said. “Let’s try down this way.” We merged with the flow of people going our way and were off, keeping pace with the human river. 
After some time in our wandering, my father stopped and took stock of where we had come. “Honestly, Brody, I’m not quite sure how to get around this city.”
“Perhaps, Father, if we—”
Someone stepped close and interrupted. “Pardon me, sir, are you having trouble finding your way?”
I looked up to find the same gentleman in the shabby clothing that had been standing outside the bank building earlier. He glanced at me, flashing that same devilish grin. My father shook his hand, thankful for any assistance he could gain. 
“Yes sir, my son and I would be most grateful for some help finding a place to eat,” he said.
“Of course, I’d be happy to show you an excellent place and not so bad on the cost neither.” The man smiled at my father, revealing his yellow teeth. “This way, sir.”
My father followed after the man. “Praise the Lord for a bit of help, eh Brody?”
I thought to warn him, to cry out my misgivings in some way. But what would I have said? I still don’t know. I had no reason not to trust the man except for his appearance and the menace I saw in his eyes. My only regret now is that I did not see the end of my silence at the time.
We followed the man through the streets. He moved quickly through the throng. My father kept his pace, meaning not to lose sight of our guide in this strange city. This path took us into less comely portions of London and then from the main street altogether.
“Come along. We’re nearly there, sir.” The man turned down what seemed to be an alley. It ran between two tall buildings. The sun shone less here in cramped quarters. Dirty wash water rained down from windows high above, catching some unaware. Curses shouted back from the unfortunate. Laundry dried upon lines stretched between the buildings and black rats scurried across our way.
At this point my father began to wonder if we had made a mistake. He stopped in the alley and called ahead to our guide. “Friend, I don’t mean to sound ungrateful, but are you sure this is the way?”
The man stopped, turned and came back to where we both stood holding our bags. Anger shone upon his face. “I’ve taken the trouble to lead you about, trying to find you and your whelp a bit of good food and drink, and you repay me with accusations?”
“Sir, I meant no disrespect only—”
The man brandished a knife toward us. My father put his hand out to guard me then shoved me behind him. “Honestly, sir, I do apologize for any inconvenience we’ve caused you. We will trouble you no more.” He turned me and started back the way we had come, leaving the man standing in the alleyway alone with his anger and his knife. But as we stepped toward the mouth of the alley, where the two buildings met the street, another man moved out from a doorway to bar our way.
He pulled a pistol and aimed it in our direction. My father turned as our guide approached from behind. “Let’s have those bags, shall we.”
He caught hold of my bag, tossing me into a wall as he tore it from my hands. 
“Brody!” My father attacked the man with the knife. They scuffled and fell as the second man came upon them with his gun. My father lay still on the ground as our guide pulled away with blood on his hands. The knife stood in my father’s chest.
I screamed. The men noticed me again—shock upon their faces. I got to my feet as one came for me and ran as fast as I could down the alley away from where we had come from. “Come back here you little wretch!” he shouted.
I heard the flintlock snap and the powder discharge. The bullet hit the wall somewhere near me, but I didn’t stop for anything. I simply ran with a lump in my throat and tears in my eyes. I had no idea where I was going. What did it matter? My father was dead.



Alone?

I cannot say how long I ran. I saw unknown faces of every sort as I passed between buildings through streets full of carriages where my tears mingled with the mud. I saw no one in this awful place whom I could trust. All of them, I supposed, were in on the murder of my father. No one had offered help—none but the villains. I felt utterly alone in a strange city with no hope.
In what seemed like no time at all, darkness settled upon the city. Dark clouds moved in overhead and brought showers. I found myself exhausted, walking through a muddy lane as rain soaked through my clothes. The wet fabric chafed my skin. In some way, I didn’t even care if I caught my death from the cold. 
The chill forced me out of the open. I sought refuge, but found no place open to me. I turned down another alley, but stood at the mouth of it afraid to venture in. For all I knew, this had been the same place where those villains had led my father intending to rob us. I feared that I might wander across my father’s body still lying in the mud where he’d been left murdered.
Lightning illuminated the alley before me. Seeing no one, I walked inside and found an overhanging doorway. The little porch happened to be just large enough to keep the downpour off me. I settled in as close to the door as possible and sat down upon the cold stoop. I shook as the chill overtook me. My teeth chattered loudly. I tried to draw my small coat around me, but it too was soaked with cold rain and did little good.
I fixed my eyes ahead and drew my cap down close to my eyes. Lightning flashed and thunder rolled across the cloudy sky. I huddled, waiting. I did not know for what—death perhaps. Without my father, it seemed inevitable now.
I soon became acutely aware that I hadn’t eaten in some time. My belly groaned with desire for a few morsels of anything. I observed garbage strewn here and there in the alley. Rats weren’t even out bothering it here in the rain. I had difficulty imagining myself actually going over and eating anything I saw. I wasn’t that hungry yet.
A faint light caught my attention from the direction of the street. I peered through the rain washing off of the overhang. The light emanated from what I could only call a window of sunshine within the storm. It appeared as though another place sat wrapped inside a bubble where the rain could not fall.
I wondered at the sight fully convinced I must be hallucinating. Perhaps I had grown just hungry enough to begin seeing mirages. I had heard of such things from my father—tales of men crawling across desert wastes thirsting so badly for water that their desires materialize in visions only to disappear as they prepare to fill their bellies.
The rain had strengthened in intensity and I remained reluctant to run toward the oasis. Then I saw what appeared to be a human figure, blurry at first, but then coming into sharper focus. I could not be sure, but this person appeared to be wearing a white robe with gold glinting from his middle. I knew I must be imagining it all, so it did not disturb me so much when I perceived two great wings unfurl with light emanating from them. He lit upon the ground in his strange world and immediately appeared altogether different—more like a normal person.
The man of the vision ran toward me, carrying a bundle under his right arm. I waited for the vision to fade. Instead, the man passed from his place into the alley with me. I started upon his arrival, cringing into my coat, trying to bury my head completely beneath my cap. He came upon me in a moment and when I looked back to the place where he had emerged, I found the oasis of light gone. 
The man stopped in front of me dripping wet with rain. He wore a fine quality brown suit though it had soaked through already. Rain poured off the brim of his tall silk hat. “Pardon me, young sir,” he said, “would you mind if I joined you in the dry?”
I sat there against the door like a mute. Was he actually speaking to me? He asked again, and I found the good sense to at least nod.
The man stepped up onto the porch. When he did, the overhang stretched out to cover him, growing two feet larger on every side just to take him in. I looked down at the concrete pad and found it enlarging too, although I hadn’t felt it move in the slightest beneath me.
My eyes grew wide as saucers staring at him, but he seemed not to notice. “There now, that’s at least a little better, eh?” he said. “If you’ll pardon my saying, this is not the best place to make your bed on a night like tonight. You’ll catch your death out in this weather.”
I nodded dumbly and started to shiver again. My teeth chattered loudly. I wasn’t sure if it was from the numbing cold or the shock of seeing this strange visitor. “Ah, you see?” he said. “You’re already headed for a sick bed.”
The man removed his bundle, which he had brought with him cradled under his arm. It appeared to be a rolled blanket, and though he had been drenched in the rain, the blanket remained bone dry. He laid it down before me and opened it up. The bundle rolled out, revealing a small fire surrounded by stones the size of my fist. A small bird roasted upon a small spit over the flame and a tankard of fresh milk sat beside it all.
The man smiled as my eyes took in his feast. “Surely we can do something about those wet clothes,” he said. “Hard to enjoy a proper meal when your bones are aching with cold.” The stranger pulled the brown blanket out from under the fire and food with a flick of his wrist, like a magician whipping the table cloth from beneath a set of fine china.
He leaned forward and wrapped the warm blanket around me. It felt quite warm, as though it really had been wrapped around the flames dancing before me. Though I knew this must all be a figment of my tortured mind, I nestled into it and soon felt my chill flee away.
“There, now isn’t that better?” He smiled again and looked to the meat upon the fire. “Now you can try some of this chicken. I made it myself. Hope you like it.”
I stared at the food then at the man offering it. “Who are you?”
He tore a drumstick away and handed it to me. “My name doesn’t really matter…call me a friend.”
I took the chicken leg. The smell wafted across my nostrils, making my mouth water. I took a bite of roasted meat. It melted in my mouth like hot butter. I savored the taste for only a moment before devouring every morsel I could peel from the bone.
My nameless friend watched with delight as I enjoyed the food. “Here, don’t forget to wash it down. It wouldn’t do for you to choke. There’s so much for you to do.”
I looked at him, puzzling, as the ceramic mug was placed into my hands. “Do? What do I have to do?” Thoughts of my father’s murder plunged back into my brain and came flooding out. “My father, he was murdered. I’ve been running. I didn’t know what to—”
The man tried to quiet me. “There now…I know what’s happened. And I know how you must be grieving. It’s perfectly normal. But you must understand, your father’s work was complete. However, your work is only just beginning.”
“My work?” I stared at him not comprehending a word he was saying. “What work? I’ve not even a place to stay or money or anything.”
“Ah, but you do have faith, Brody, and that is more important than anything else. If your faith wasn’t as well known as your father’s would I be here now? Just look at what you have. You’re warm and dry, fed a good meal and your thirst cured.”
As I took a drink of the milk, I realized the truth of what he had said. Not only did I have a meal before me and something to drink, but I had grown warm again despite the rain and the chill in the air. More than that, I reached inside the blanket to my rain soaked clothes and found them completely dry. I looked at my benefactor amazed. 
“But how?” I asked.
He smiled and winked at me. “You would do better, young Brody, to be thankful for blessings given than seek how they were given.” He stood up, beginning to depart. 
“Wait!” I begged him. “What am I supposed to do? I don’t even know my way in London. There is no one I can look to for help.”
“You’ll soon find your path, even if you don’t understand how.”
“What about the work you spoke of—what did you mean?” I asked.
He tipped his hat brim to me. “The work will find you.” He turned around and started back into the pouring rain. I stammered for another question, anything that might delay his departure, anything not to be left alone again. 
“Are you an angel?” I asked. 
He stopped and turned slightly. The rain beating against the porch made it hard to hear his words. “Do you believe in angels, Brody?”
I hesitated a moment, unsure of my answer. He turned back and started away again. I mustered my resolve hurriedly. “I do believe!”
He turned again with a smile. “Then you are a wise man, Brody West.” He walked on through the rain until his body seemed to melt away in the downpour. I remained on the porch wrapped tight in the blanket with the little fire still blazing under the roasted bird and the tankard of warm milk sitting in my trembling hands. I would soon find this to be only the very beginning of many strange things I would experience.



Glass

Harvey Glass rung his towel of its excess water and then slid the damp rag down the scarred oak bar top. Crumbs and spills alike were evacuated, leaving behind a dull finish that Harvey inspected casually before moving on. Out of the corner of his eye, he spied two regulars who never failed to push the limits of his patience when it came time for closing the pub.
“Hey, Nigel,” Harvey called. “It’s time to finish up.”
“Ah, Harvey,” the other man said. “One more round for the road.”
“Let’s go, Donavan,” Harvey said. “Else I’ll put out the lights and leave you to the Ripper, and there won’t be any regrets when you turn up butchered like those girls neither.”
“Settle up, while I hit the privy,” Nigel told his companion as he got up from the corner booth.
A lone candle burned atop the table, its wick almost swallowed up now by a pool of wax.
“Settle up?” Donavan complained.
“You owe me from last Tuesday,” Nigel reminded him as he stumbled toward the back of the pub and through the door.
Donavan grumbled as he fished through his pockets, finding his small bag of money. He held it near the dying candle long enough to remove one coin which he tossed to the barkeep. 
“Thanks,” Harvey said, nimbly snatching the coin from the air even in the half-light of the pub. “Now, get out.” 
“We’re going, we’re going,” Donavan said.
A loud bang resounded from the back of the pub, halting both Harvey and Donavan for a moment.  
“You all right back there?” Donavan said. He started to laugh, turning to look after his friend.
“If he pukes, you’re cleaning it up!” Harvey shouted after him.
When Donavan arrived at the back of the pub, he found Nigel already standing there. His eyes appeared glazed over. He was staring blankly into space working his jaw slowly up and down, as though he had never used it before.
Donavan stood before him, wondering at his friend.
“What’s wrong, Nigel?”
Nigel’s eyes wandered toward Donavan. His gaze locked upon his friend. Behind him, two creatures wearing burlap sacks appeared in the doorway. Donavan started to cry out in alarm, but Nigel’s hand shot out lightning quick, snatching Donavan by the throat in an iron grip.
Donavan grabbed his friend’s hand, trying to break free from the human vise now crushing his windpipe. Nigel hoisted Donavan completely off the ground, his feet kicking wildly. The two burlap creatures loped into the room around Nigel. One of the rag dolls continued toward the bar where Harvey was just now coming around to investigate. The other creature stood by Nigel, reaching for Donavan.
The doll burst open along the seam running from its chest down along the bloated abdomen. Donavan saw through the tears streaming from his eyes that this was no mere costume. There was no body within the burlap cloth.
Rusty chains shot from the well of darkness within, lashing about Donavan’s struggling arms and legs, binding him up. Nigel flung Donavan’s body aside, releasing him as the chains pulled his old friend within the doll’s body. The seam closed immediately, and the burlap doll took on the image of Donavan.
Harvey stood by the bar, taking in the abduction with terror in his eyes and a broom in his hands. Having been trained upon Donavan’s ingestion, he only now realized that the third burlap doll was ambling toward him. He screamed, raising the broom to defend himself. It snapped across the doll’s misshapen head with its black button eyes.
Harvey turned to run as the middle seam split open, revealing a dark void within just like the one that had swallowed Donavan a moment ago. He managed two desperate steps before the first chain ensnared his ankle. Harvey fell hard, smashing his face upon the newly swept floorboards. 
He raised his head again as more chains erupted from the creature, finding his other leg and one of his arms, wrapping around them like the tentacles of an octopus. Harvey clawed grooves into the lacquer finish with his fingernails as the chains dragged him back across the floor toward the waiting orifice. Nigel and Donavan watched, crazed grins painted on their faces.



Thieves

Sunshine woke me the next morning. I had not remembered falling asleep the night before, though I did recall finishing the roast chicken and the milk. The memory lingered for a moment bringing a smile to my face.
I looked on the porch next to me and realized the fire was gone, but the brown blanket my nameless friend had given me remained. Though I couldn’t recall doing it, the blanket had been folded into the same neat roll the man had brought with him. Two ties held it secure near either end. Each tie left enough room for my arms, so I could carry the blanket roll on my back if I wanted.
My first thought told me the kind stranger must have returned at some point in order for me to find it thus. But either way, I was just glad to know I’d not been losing my mind the night before. Of all I had seen of the man, or angel or whatever he was, the blanket still testified to my sanity. He had indeed been here. He had given me food and even a bit of advice, although that part remained cryptic at best.
I’d heard my father preach many times and I believed that angels existed. I’d put my faith in the Lord Jesus nearly three years ago during a revival my father had preached. Countless times we had thanked the Heavenly Father for our meals. I supposed this must be a blessing from him during my time of need. Now that I had truly hungered, if even for a brief time, I felt more inclined to be thankful. I prayed now, after the fact, for a meal truly appreciated and for the nameless angel who had brought it to me.
The morning sun managed to stir up the smells of the city. It seemed that not much wind blew back in these alleys, so the stench festered here. I probably smelled just as bad, having slept in the doorway all night, but no one else was there to be offended by it.
As I stood, my back creaked and popped. My porch lodging had left me sore and almost too stiff to stand up straight. I arched my back, leaning on my hips, grunting and stretching until my breath left me. Ah, that’s better.
The door behind me suddenly opened up and a straw broom lunged out after me. “Get out of here, you little worm! There’s no begging here!”
I leaped away instinctively, landing back in the alley. The bald man who emerged, with his broom in hand, took my blanket roll and hurled it after me. Without waiting to explain my predicament, I scooped up my bundle then turned and ran back toward the street.
I reached the mouth of the alley and found the bustle of London again. What had seemed an exciting place yesterday, now felt like an enemy. Who was there in this city that cared for my plight? Only the kind stranger, so far, and I felt very sure that he hadn’t come to me from London at all.
I searched up and down the street. The buildings here were not nearly as impressive as those my father and I had first encountered yesterday. Evidently, I had stumbled upon a bad area last night.
The buildings seemed to lean upon one another, as though one going down would topple them all like a line of dominos. None of them looked like businesses exactly, although clearly some were used as such. The streets were unpaved here and the mud lay carved with endless criss-crossing grooves, hoof prints and steaming piles of horse manure.
Narrow boardwalks ran along each side of the street tracked with grimy footprints. Pedestrians crowded together, trying to hold solid ground and not end up slogging through the muck. Here and there, it happened anyway and some poor soul would fight with the mud hoping to get back their lost shoe.
I continued searching the lane until I found a person of interest. A constable walked his beat down the other side of the street. Surely, I supposed, this would be exactly the person to whom I could tell my story and find justice for myself and my father. 
I watched the traffic and then bolted into the lane behind a dark carriage. Mud sprang at me from the rear wheels, pelting my face. I skidded across the mud, trying to prevent my hurdling beneath another team of horses coming down the opposite side. I barely managed to keep my life, then darted behind the buggy and driver, slip-sliding my way to the boardwalk on the other side of the street.
Curses were cast my way, but I was safe. The policeman stood just a block away. I began my trek toward him, weaving through the crowd. I only barely noticed that a few shops sold their wares on this side. People stood shopping near doorways at tables with books, ceramics and various knick-knacks.
As I passed through the crowd of people, I nearly ran into a group of three boys going the opposite direction. They were all dressed worse than I was, meaning their clothes were older and more worn, whereas I wore finer quality despite having slept in an alley the previous night.
The boy leading the other two gave me a sharp look and grinned. I stopped, awestruck as they passed. They all turned slightly, wondering what my problem might be, but carried on nonetheless.
I turned back toward the constable, now only a few yards away. Had I really seen what I thought? Those ears. Preferring not to confuse my purpose, I shook myself and started back for the constable again. As I approached, he turned his nose down, giving me a suspicious look. “What are you doing, you little ragamuffin?” 
“Sir, I’ve come to report a murder,” I began.
He looked scalded. “A murder? What on earth are you talking about? Where?”
I tripped over my own words, hurriedly trying to explain my situation. “It’s my father, sir. He was murdered last night in an alley. A man robbed us and killed him right in front of me.”
He stood erect, giving me a cursory look as though he hadn’t been listening. “Are you American, boy?”
I halted, confused. “Yes, sir. My father and I arrived only yesterday on a steamer from New York.”
“And you say, your father was murdered?”
“Yes, sir, before dark in an alley.”
The constable rubbed his chin. “And where was this alley?”
I thought, but couldn’t answer him. “I’m not sure, sir. I ran for my life and don’t know London at all. But I’m sure it couldn’t have been far from here.”
He gave me half a smile. “That’s very interesting. We’ve had no report of any murders last night, or the night before. We’ve certainly not recovered any bodies. Are you sure you’re not pulling my leg, trying to get one over on the bobby?”
I stood before him mystified by his response. I had just begun to protest his indifference when a shout came from down the street. “Stop thief!”
We both looked in time to see the same three boys I had just passed on the sidewalk running from the scene. A shop owner stood shouting with a broom in his hand next to an angry patron pulling on his empty coat pocket.
A massive hand snatched my coat at the neck. “You little dipper!” he barked. “So that’s your game…distracting me so your thieving friends could make off with the goods under my nose!”
I had no time to muster a defense before the constable tore down the street with me in tow. He dragged me kicking behind him, blowing his whistle and ordering the other boys to stop. 
“Please, sir, I don’t even know those boys!” 
But the constable didn’t listen. He shouted ahead to pedestrians to move out of his way as he maintained pursuit. I had no way to see where we were going or any way of escaping the vice like grip upon my clothing.
I heard more shouts from down the street, then the officer saying, “Hold them fast!”
As I got my feet under me again, I tried to plead my innocence. “But sir, I didn’t—”
“That’s enough of your mouth!”
He struck me across the back of the head with something very hard. I only had time to feel the sting of it and then the hot pavement smashing against my cheek before all went black.



I woke to ominous words. “You’ll hang for this.”
Curses answered this judgment, though I had no idea who had spoken. A cacophony of moaning and belligerence arose around me as my consciousness returned. I opened my eyes, but had very little light available with which to see anything. 
Still, I knew two things immediately: my head ached terribly and I was no longer out in the streets of London. A foul mixture of sweat, blood and feces curled my nose to the point I thought I might vomit. The sound of retching told me somebody already was over in a corner of the room.
I lifted my eyes toward a narrow shaft of light running through a slit of a window nearly ten feet off the floor. The light barely illuminated a wall of iron bars on the opposite side of the chamber. Shock hit me as I realized my situation. “I’ve landed in prison.”
“Oy, greenie…who are you?” The voice had spoken next to me in the dark. I still couldn’t make out a face to go with it, but whoever he was he had to be near my age. 
“Where am I?” I asked.
“My question first, greenie,” he said.
I sighed, in no mood for games. But what would it hurt to give my name? Nobody knew me in London anyway, and I knew nobody. “My name is Brody West.”
The faceless stranger inched closer to me in the dark, scuffing shoe leather on the gritty concrete floor. “You’re not from around these parts are you?”
I sat up, trying to catch some details about my interrogator’s face. “I’m from America.”
The boy laughed heartily. “Oy, mates, he’s a blooming Yank!” Others joined in his mockery.
My cheeks burned. I already understood how out of my element I was. I didn’t need this fellow grinding me harder for it. 
I hollered over the din, feeling a bit more aggressive. After all that had happened to me since my arrival, I felt that I had little else to lose. The boy leaned in so that I now saw his eyes close to my face. They sparkled like jewels—green, no blue. I couldn’t be sure. The boy stood up and walked around me toward the beam of light invading the cell.
Being a little short for my age, the boy stood a few inches taller than me. He might have been eighteen or nineteen, but no older. When the light hit him, I recognized his face at once. The boy I had noticed on the street, with his friends, had followed me into prison. More likely, I was here because of him.
He held out his hands like a stage performer. “You, Mr. West, are in Fleet Prison. The home of pick pockets, thieves, debtors and murderers…at least temporarily. Eh, lads?”
Inmates launched themselves at the bars to silence the young whelp. They needed no reminding of their fate. I noticed then that our cell was smaller than first understood. We were divided from the others by sets of bars. Unless the light hit them, they remained almost invisible in the dark.
The boy bowed himself, thoroughly pleased by his performance and the rousing it had produced. I stared at him accusingly as he sat down in front of me in his shabby moth-eaten clothes. His wild dark hair curled out from under the brim of his soiled fancy hat. And those ears…I had noticed them on the street. They pointed at the top.
“I’m in here because of you, aren’t I?” I couldn’t keep the menace from my voice.
He extended his hand, as though I’d just invited him to tea. “Tom’s the name.”
I left the hand dangling in mid-air, refusing to shake it. “You and those other boys you were with—I saw you just before that man was robbed. The constable thought I was your accomplice. That’s why I’m in here.”
He smiled at me. “Then you’re in good company aren’t you, Mr. West?”
I wanted to hit him, or strangle him. I couldn’t make up my mind. Tom reached over and patted me on the shoulder like he was consoling his best friend. 
“Don’t worry about the drop. It’s all over quickly, ain’t it?” he said.
“The drop?”
“You know—” He bugged his eyes and stuck his tongue out the side of his mouth. His hand pulled an imaginary noose above his cocked head. “—A hanging.”
Instantly, images of the young boy I’d seen hanged in the square came back to me. I couldn’t end up that way…it couldn’t be! I rushed to the prison bars calling for help, for a policeman, anyone who might listen to my pleading. No one came. No one cared.
Tom stood behind me. “Hey, Brody, it’s no big deal. Happens to the best of us eventually.”
I sobbed with my face pressed against the rusty bars. How could this have happened? My mother had died several years ago, leaving only my father to look after me. Now he was dead too. I wondered if I had been cursed at my birth. Why me? What had I done to deserve all of this? 
For a moment I wanted to blame God for it all. Then my father’s preaching came back to me. He’d told me about a man named Job who had been righteous before the Lord. All of his family and belongings had been taken from him in one day. He had been afflicted with sore boils all over his body, yet in all these things he would not blame God foolishly.
I sniffed and dried my tears with my sleeve. I still wanted to cry, but I wouldn’t. The stranger in the alley had told me I had a work to do, to walk by faith. I decided right then and there that this was as good a time as any to begin.
I turned from the bars. Now that my eyes had become more accustomed to the darkness, I found my cell shared by Tom, his two accomplices and an old man snoring in the corner with vomit on his shirt. I hadn’t been the only one shedding tears. The other boys with Tom looked scared to death.
I walked right up to him and looked again at his ears.
“What are you looking at?” he asked, meeting my gaze.
“Your ears…why are they pointed?”
Faster than I could react, Tom pinned me to the bars of the cell door. My head clanged against the metal in nearly the same spot where the policeman had hit me earlier. I almost passed out again.
Tom stared menacingly into my face with his forearm pinning me where I stood. I tried to speak, but he shoved his arm up against my throat. 
“My ears look strange to you?” He hissed the question at me so low that only I could hear it. I nodded, still unable to speak and unsure why he’d gotten so angry. I assumed he must be sensitive about his birth defect.
“What’s the matter, Tom?” one of the other boys asked.
He ignored the question.
“What color are my eyes?” he whispered.
I had no idea what this question had to do with his being insulted about his ears. Still, Tom released some of the pressure so I could answer. I looked into his eyes. They sparkled even without the light from the window striking them. “Blue changing to bright green and back again.”
Shock appeared on his face. He lowered his arm slowly. I still wondered what exactly I’d done wrong and what these questions meant to him. He backed away from me looking quite perplexed. He muttered something under his breath I couldn’t quite make out. It almost sounded like some foreign language, but he didn’t seem to be talking to me, so I held my tongue.
One of the other boys asked again what the problem was. Tom didn’t act as though he even heard him. Both boys looked at me and then at Tom. He sat down in the opposite corner from the sleeping old man at the rear of the cell.
I had no clue why he had reacted this way. I decided not to raise any more questions and sat down with my back to the prison bars. Tom didn’t talk to me the rest of the time we were in our cell in Fleet prison. He only stared at me with those sparkling blue-green eyes.



The Drop

Within hours, a guard had arrived to escort me, Tom and the other two boys from our prison cell. We were led through the cell block where men awaited their fates in turn. Some had already been sentenced and this would be their home until the day of their release. Others would face what Tom had referred to as the drop in their own time.
My legs felt weak as we marched down the corridor. Some of the other prisoners spit on us as we passed. The guards quickly clubbed the bars, busting knuckles on occasion. We didn’t even have compassion from those facing a similar fate. Tom never spoke a word though he walked directly behind me. Somehow I felt as though he was still staring at me as he had been in our cell. I could not understand the dramatic change in his mood.
The guards opened up a final barred door and led our parade through. We arrived in a small room resembling what I supposed must be a courtroom, though I’d never been inside one. A high desk sat directly in front of the wooden banister where the guards lined us up. I noticed a gavel sitting upon it and assumed this must be the judge’s bench.
The bailiff announced the judge by name, upon which a small man ascended to the bench from a door in the side of the room. The man had a hawkish nose and beady eyes which examined us boys through a pair of wire rimmed spectacles. A powdered white wig sat upon his head like an octopus with its coils hanging across his shoulders down onto his chest. He leaned forward over his bench in order to catch a good view then addressed the bailiff in an apathetic tone. 
“Let’s get on with it, Charles,” he said.
The bailiff read off a list of charges, which I only half listened to as the judge’s sneering look bored into my skull. I vaguely heard the words pick pocket and thievery among the jumble of legal terms, but was too scared to make sense of any of it.
The other two boys with Tom looked as though they were as scared as I was. However, rather than quaking in his boots, Tom looked right at me. I turned to find his mesmerizing blue-green eyes fixed upon me as they had been in the prison cell. Feeling awkward, I lowered my gaze and turned back to the judge just as the bailiff finished listing the crimes we had been charged with.
The judge addressed us directly then. “Do you have anything to say in defense of yourselves?”
Now I had my chance. I could explain to this man all that had happened to me since coming to London. Surely, he would understand and sympathize with my plight. Freedom seemed only a breath away.
I tried to speak—literally opening my mouth to voice my defense—but no words would come out. I stammered, not from fear or lack of thought, but from a complete inability to produce the sound to vocalize. I put my hand to my throat astonished by my inability to even make a peep.
The judge fixed me with a queer look. “Bailiff, is this boy a mute?”
“I don’t think so, sir, he was talking up a storm back in the cages.”
The judge went on to the other boys who also made no defense. The two on my left seemed completely mystified, as though in a trance, not even hearing the judge’s question.
His Honor quickly passed on further inquiry and handed down his judgment. “You clearly have no defense for your heinous crimes. I therefore sentence you to be hanged by the neck until you are dead. Sentence to be carried out forthwith.”
My heart skipped a beat as the gavel smashed onto a wooden block sitting upon the judge’s bench. I had said nothing—could say nothing. I continued to try, looking as though I was gagging, but it did no good. I looked at Tom and found him grinning devilishly at me. 
“Having trouble speaking, Mr. West?” He arched his eyebrow with more than just amusement. Somehow he knew I wouldn’t be able to speak—somehow he had caused it this to happen.



The bailiff and two other guards led us from the small courtroom to another cell. “Wait here.” He smiled, showing his yellow teeth. “You’ll have your turn as soon as the ropes are through with the first lot.”
I sat with the other boys upon a wooden bench. This wasn’t a formal cell, but rather more of a waiting pen. I knew exactly what we were waiting for and I didn’t like it one bit. I still could not speak, and Tom had said nothing further to me. I thought of grabbing the older boy and shaking him, demanding that he undo whatever he had done to take away my ability to speak. Still, I had no proof, and he’d already shown himself stronger back in our cell.
I sat staring at the small barred window fixed high within the heavy wooden door where the guard had passed moments before. All I could see were dark clouds hovering over. However, I heard everything occurring: the charges being read, the sentence handed down by the judge and the jeers from the assembled crowd. I knew that crowd. They had to be the same sort of rabble who had watched with me as the young boy had been hung. How quickly I had made the journey from spectator-among-the-innocent to guilty-as-charged and ready to swing for their pleasure.
“Do you suppose it will hurt much?”
I turned to find one of the other boys next to me rubbing his throat. He looked at me with tears in his eyes.
“It will be over quickly won’t it?”
I hadn’t been thinking of the pain necessarily. I remembered how the boy in the square had struggled, unwilling to surrender his life to the rope. The boys waiting below him had latched onto his legs in order to add weight and complete the deed more quickly. I tried to speak again, but remained mute.
“Course it will, Charlie,” Tom said. “Don’t blubber about it. Take your dues like a man. That’s what Sinister would say, ain’t it?”
Charlie looked down as though ashamed. The jeering crowd called out beyond the cell door leading onto the courtyard before the jail. 
“But then…Sinister’s not the one about the swing…is he?” Charlie looked at Tom again.
Tom remained impassive, dismissing the comment with a wave of his hand.
We heard the click and release of the lever as the crowd grew silent. We heard the floor give way then the drop. It had probably been my imagination, but I thought I heard a sickening crack inside my head, as though my own neck had just snapped out there on the gallows. 
I suddenly felt sick to my stomach although I hadn’t had any food since my kind benefactor had brought me the mysterious blanket roll with its food, drink and fire. How I longed to be back there in that moment. I would gladly have traded my present predicament for a lifetime living in that alley. 
The heavy cell door flew open, revealing the guard who had left us here. “Come on, you lot. It’s time to meet your maker.” He grinned fiercely. The two other boys made pretense of resisting. The guard came for them despite their pleas for mercy. He took them by their manacles and thrust them from the holding cell into the courtyard where the hands of more guards waited beyond. 
I stood and followed. Tom came after and then the guard. He pulled a black sack over his head with two cut eyeholes in the front to peer at us as we marched toward the wooden gallows. Guards, all in black hoods, flanked our group of four on either side. Another stood upon the platform at the switch.
I said muted prayers to the Heavenly Father as we walked. I could not understand how I had supposedly been chosen for some great work here in London, as the nameless angel has said, and yet my life was about to end—as a criminal no less. One thought lifted my spirits. Soon I would see my father again. Surely he would be waiting with my mother to welcome me into Paradise. Despite the misjudgments of men, the Righteous Judge knew the truth and would hold me guiltless of these trumped up charges.
Our chained wrists clanked as we paraded before the jeering crowd—a reminder of established guilt and punishment soon to be executed. Charlie and the other boy shed their final tears as they walked before me. Somehow I had none. Soon I would stand in a realm beyond human sight vindicated and safe with my parents and my Savior. Only the promise of pain kept a smile from my face. 
I knew Tom would not cry. He seemed fearless—no—disinterested probably described his attitude better. For all that had happened, the most interesting thing to him had been our run-in over his eyes and ears. I didn’t look back at him or acknowledge the stare I felt must be boring into the back of my skull.
We reached the gallows and began to climb the wooden stairs. A hooded guard came to receive us in turn. We crossed the floorboards and I felt them bend. The drop-away floor no doubt. My eyes shot to the wooden pole protruding out of a groove in the floor. It held a simple metal catch on a gear. 
The guards arranged us in a line. We turned and faced the crowd. A noose hung before each of us. I looked up to the crossbeam and saw that there remained two extra grooves where ropes could be held if needed. 
Two hooded guards moved among us in the line. One of them placed the noose over my neck and pulled out most of the slack. The rough fibers chafed my skin. This would hurt—I knew it. There was no going back, no getting out of my fate. I heard the young boys milling below us, ready to add their weight to those who struggled. I closed my eyes hoping to drown out the scene.
Something hit me in the chest. I opened my eyes as a tomato fell away, leaving its red seedy pulp behind on my shirt. The crowd began its taunting. I tried to shut them out. They were wrong, only they didn’t know it. I wondered if this might be how Christ had felt upon the tree—falsely accused yet going through with the deed anyway. My end would be quicker and less painful by far.
“Well, Mr. West, look what you’ve stumbled into,” Tom said next to me.
I turned my head. Tom grinned at me. Without his hat, his disheveled hair stood out in all directions. His pointed ears barely jutted through the tangles into the sunlight. I decided not to answer him.
He stifled a laugh. “Aren’t you afraid of dying, Mr. West?” He was badgering me, hoping to get a reaction.
I couldn’t help myself. “No, I’m not!” My voice had returned! I leered at him. 
He smiled again, more brightly this time. “Got your tongue back did you?”
“You did something, didn’t you?”
He turned toward the crowd as the charges began to be read over us. “I’m sure I don’t know what you’re talking about.” He didn’t even try to sound convincing.
My anger grew. I stammered for some better way to accuse him, but he cut me off, derailing my malice.
“Why aren’t you afraid to die?” he asked, curiously this time.
I stopped short and thought a moment. “Because my faith is in the Lord.” My confidence surged now. “No matter what has happened to me here, I know that upon my leaving I will go to be with my parents in Heaven. Why should I fear that?” I was surprised by my answer…not the facts, but the assurance in my voice.
Tom seemed to consider it briefly before answering.
“Don’t pack your bags just yet,” he said.
I was about to ask what he meant by that statement when I heard the bailiff stop reading and the crowd hush before us. The moment had arrived already while I wasted my last breaths bickering with Tom. The hooded man pulled the lever, the gear turned, the latch gave way and the floor fell away from beneath my feet. I dropped through, my eyes wide with horror. I felt the remaining slack in the rope pull tight on my skin. I looked down as events unfolded before me in slow motion.
Beneath my feet, the children swam like sharks waiting to grab my legs. Then they were gone—replaced by a blue sea. The taut rope allowed me to pass through. I fell much farther than it should have taken to reach the ground. Had I passed out? Had a mirage of safety taken my frenzied mind away from my body dangling at the end of a rope before Fleet Prison?
“Hold on, Brody!” Tom shouted gleefully. 
I turned my head and found Tom falling beside me. I hit the water and swallowed a mouthful as I went under. This was no dream. I fought the waves and struggled toward refracted light above me. I coughed up water as I breeched the surface. My hands were free of manacles now, so I paddled my arms and legs to remain afloat. 
Tom came up beside me giggling. 
“Woohoo!” He nudged me with a soggy elbow. “How did you like that? I told you not to pack your bags just yet.”
I gasped, looking toward the sky, searching for the hangman’s noose around my throat, the gallows, the hooded guards and jeering crowd, but found none of these things. All of it had fled away somehow. My lips trembled. I couldn’t believe what had just happened. 
“Where are we?”
Tom’s giggling subsided as he turned in the water to face me. “Mr. West, welcome to Faerie.”



Faerie

Tom and I treaded water as my eyes searched all around us. There appeared to be no land in sight. The answer Tom had given me to my inquiry had not registered at all. I had never even heard of a place called Faerie. But even if I had, I still would not have believed we were there. 
“What happened to London? Why aren’t we dead?” 
I had a lot of questions and began rambling on without waiting for the answers.
Tom raised his hands out of the water. “Hold it, hold it.” 
I tried to calm down and listen. 
“Now,” he began, “You are technically still in London, but at the same time you are not.”
This answer only puzzled me further, though by Tom’s expression it seemed like the most logical explanation in all the world. 
“The reason we are not dead is that I’ve brought you into my realm, my world where most mortals never venture.”
I tried to piece the puzzle together. 
“This place is called Faerie?” I asked.
“Yes.”
Now the ears and eyes, more puzzle pieces, had something to fit together with. “So, you are not human like me?”
“Not exactly.” He tapped one of his pointed ears. “You see, most mortals never notice us. But you’ve got the sight—you’re special. That’s why I saved you. Mr. Sinister will want to meet you, Brody.”
“Who is Mr. Sinister?” I asked. “Someone like you?”
Tom smiled. “Oh, greater than me by far, but you’ll meet him soon. Now we must carry on.”
Tom made a gesture with his left hand to the air. I wondered why I should be able to see these things. My encounter with the angel two nights ago came to mind. 
“What about your friend, Charlie, and that other boy?” I asked. “What happened to them?”
“They’re dead, of course.” Tom didn’t seem the least bit remorseful.
I thought of another question, but my mind lost it immediately when I saw thick bare tree branches piercing the surface of the water behind Tom. They looked like the grisly hands of some gigantic sea monster rising from the depths. I turned round and round in the water and saw them coming up on all sides. 
Then the top of a building emerged. Water cascaded off of a queer looking clock tower. The oblong clock had at least five different hands all pointing different directions and moving independently of one another in a manner of timekeeping I could not fathom. Some of the bare branches suddenly bloomed with green leaves and pretty pink flowers. Others bloomed in similar fashion in every color I could imagine.
Ever more came up through the water: shrubbery and stone walls along with a few other small buildings. In the far distance I saw even more, but remained too far away to identify it all. Birds appeared from holes in the trunks of trees—birds I’d never laid eyes on before. Most took flight as the water cleared their homes, flapping two wings or four wings or whatever variety they happened to be. Streams of colored light trailed behind them as they criss-crossed the sky above.
My feet touched the ground, and I realized these things had not come up, but the water had gone down around us. Tom planted his feet just before I did and walked toward me, sloshing through chest-high water. As the water level slipped down further, it revealed an entirely different set of clothes on the boy. He appeared in finery greater than any I had seen in London. His hand shot up from the water carrying another fancy silk hat, only this one was spotless and of the finest quality.
Tom reached onto the surface of the falling water and peeled a portion of it up in the shape of an oval pane before me. The water cast a perfect reflection showing me a mirror image of myself in similar attire to what Tom was wearing. I looked down as the water revealed my person. Indeed, fine garments had replaced the filthy clothes I had been wearing before. What’s more, the clothes were as dry as a bone left in the sun. The water soon leeched away completely from everything around us as though it had never been there at all.
We were standing in the midst of a lush garden shadowed by tall multicolored trees, dense green shrubbery and a large fountain gushing rainbow colored water from a statue of a Pan flutist. The clock tower leaned at an odd angle, as though it had been poured from some weird mold rather than built straight up brick by brick. The entire landscape seemed queer to me though at the same time immensely beautiful—certainly better than the scenery we had left back in London on Fleet Street. 
Tom started to walk down a cobblestone path through the trees. I stopped him with further questions. 
“I still don’t understand all of this,” I said. “How were we able to escape the hanging like that?”
Tom rolled his eyes. “Honestly, Brody, do you have to understand everything? Can’t you just accept things as they are?”
His answer threw me off for a moment. Of course, I had been thrilled not to actually be hanged, but that feeling simply couldn’t answer my growing curiosity. 
“I don’t mean to sound ungrateful, Tom. I am very happy to be alive. But I can’t help wanting answers. After all, this is so unbelievable!”
Tom smiled at me, placing his hand on my shoulder. “I can’t give away secrets so easily, Brody. After all, you aren’t one of us. Sinister will tell you what you need to know. Maybe he’ll even take you in rather than killing you.”
A lump gathered in my throat. “He might kill me?”
Tom dismissed my anxiety. “Ah, I wouldn’t worry about that…I saved you from the rope didn’t I? That means you owe me a life. I wouldn’t let anything happen to you before you got the chance to repay my generosity.” 
He started down the cobbled path again waving me to follow. I looked around me at the surreal scene: the awkward buildings, strange animals and the radiant foliage. I had no idea how I’d been brought here and certainly knew no way out except for Tom’s guidance. I didn’t know what might lie ahead, but one thing was certain. The nameless angel’s prophesy had been right so far. I hadn’t died like I had expected. So, I set one foot in front of the other and started after Tom. 
We came upon a gate set in a stone wall that stood nearly ten feet high. Tom had to direct my attention as my eyes wandered over everything I could take in. If I had been asked to envision paradise, this may have come close. Still, a feeling nagged at my mind that all was not right. I couldn’t place my finger on it, though simply the fact I was walking in another dimension should have been enough to console me.
The gate stood taller than either of us, made of intricately crafted wrought iron with an Egyptian scarab placed at the top. I puzzled over the design as Tom stepped toward the latch. The gate somehow sensed us there and opened itself away from us. I looked at Tom for reassurance, even though it certainly wasn’t surprising to me. Oddities had become the norm since meeting this boy.
I followed Tom through the gate which shut behind us. On the other side, the tall stone wall stretched in either direction all the way to the horizon. I hadn’t remembered it appearing so from the other side, but dismissed it. The region beyond the wall resembled a barren wasteland.
Dry packed earth stretched out before us, dusted by minute pebbles. I turned in order to get a last look at the lush garden where we had come from, but the gate had disappeared, leaving only the solid wall. 
“What happened to the gate and the garden?” I asked. “Must we go this way? It’s so desolate.”
“Perhaps we’ll visit the garden another time…it’s mine you know. I designed it—a little getaway from the city when I feel like it. I always enter Faerie by my own door.”
“So it’s a door and not actually Faerie?”
He smiled. “Faerie can be many things—anything really. But don’t be deceived, Brody. It is always dangerous for those who don’t belong here.” 
A distant rumble of thunder resounded. A dark thundercloud was approaching from the horizon. I felt the lump returning to my throat.
Tom stretched his right hand toward the storm cell in the distance. “What you’ve seen isn’t really Faerie at all. It’s a dark and glorious place.”
“Are there many of your kind there?” I asked.
“Fae, Brody—we are the Fae and there are many of us, though not as many as should be. Perhaps we shall take in a Faerie ball sometime. But for now, I’m taking you through several doors. Sinister is waiting, after all, and we mustn’t keep him impatient.” He waved his hand toward the horizon.
The storm cloud in the distance surrendered to Tom’s will and zoomed across the sky toward us. I noticed also that the ground rolled beneath my feet despite the fact that we were standing perfectly still. The entire scene raced past as the storm clouds rolled in above us and a mist flowed in over our feet. 
Trees dashed toward us, as well, before Tom lowered his hand again, satisfied. As the scene slowed and stopped, we found ourselves standing inside an old forest. The trees groaned and swayed slightly as if restless. There was no wind whatsoever.
Tom began walking among them. I followed. White vapor boiled around my feet. A thick muscular arm knocked me to the ground. Tom went on the defensive as a gray streak shot toward him. Tom called to the forest for help. A thick bough swung down from a nearby tree and scooped up what appeared to be a man covered in gray mud. He howled out his indignation, but I couldn’t understand a word of his garbled language.
My heart pounded in my chest as Tom reached out his hand to help me up. 
“What in the world was that?” I shouted.
“Oh, just one of the mud people.”
“They’re made out of mud?” 
I dusted off my clothing.
Tom started to laugh as he looked up at the struggling mud person. “Actually, in a way they are. Don’t worry. It’s just a stray. The more we get, the easier it becomes to lose track of some.”
I stared inquisitively at the mud person in the tree branches. “They come from somewhere else?”
Tom grinned as though he’d just given away something. “I told you, we mustn’t keep Mr. Sinister waiting, Brody.” He lifted his hand and the mist came up around us like a cloak. In a moment, I saw nothing but the mist. When it dissipated, we were no longer in the forest.   


Lord Winston

Lord Charles Winston pursued his quarry with a discerning eye. At age sixty-seven he had a great deal of experience in this regard and tapped his chin thoughtfully before acting. 
“There you are,” he muttered, fingers recoiling.
Descending upon his prey he said, “I’ll have you.”
Lord Winston plucked the leather bound case from his custom made pipe rack. With care he undid the latch and opened it, revealing a pipe rare of beauty and costly to afford. 
“Ah, the meerschaum lion,” he cooed as he retrieved the exquisitely carved pipe from its case. “You are perhaps my favorite of all.”
The white mineral held the regal form of a lion’s head with the mane sweeping back along the stem. Lord Winston had had it specially made in order to compliment his collection with a piece bearing the lion from his family’s crest. The stem had been fashioned from ivory to compliment the white lion and had been kept long after the style of churchwardens. 
Examining the contents of his dozen or so tobacco jars, Lord Winston settled upon a recent Turkish blend that carried a hint of mint. He opened the clear glass jar and took a pinch between his thumb and forefinger before replacing the lid.
“Charles! Where are you?”
Lord Winston jumped at the sudden intrusion, scattering tobacco across the front of his new smoking jacket.
“Confound that woman,” he muttered. “Always when I’m enjoying my leisure time! Always.”
“Charles?” she called again from the floor above where she had her private bedchamber.
“I’m in my smoking room, of course!” he shouted back, though he was certain she wouldn’t hear. Lady Winston had not been able to hear well for quite some time.
“What is it, Amanda?” he shouted again.
A maid appeared in the archway leading into the den.
“Alice, go and see what she wants,” he said.
“Yes, sir,” the younger woman said. “I’ll see to her needs directly.”
Lord Winston brushed the tobacco from the red velvet jacket, no longer paying any attention to either Alice or his wife’s calls. He went back to the jar of Turkish mint, removing another pinch and placing it quickly into the top of the white lion’s head. He picked up a stopper from his pipe rack and tamped the tobacco down.
There was no moon visible tonight. Lord Winston had kept a fire going all afternoon against the damp. Half a dozen gas lamps burned upon wall sconces. He picked up his matches and sat in his favorite chair before the fire. Striking a match to his pipe, he puffed several times drawing the flame into the tobacco. He sank into his leather high-back, relaxing as flavored smoke coiled about him like a python.
The sound of a serving tray spilling onto the floor above his smoking room startled him. He heard footfalls as though two people were wresting against one another. 
“Will you two please be quiet!” Lord Winston shouted to the ceiling. 
The tussling stopped abruptly, satisfying him.
“It’s getting so that a man can’t even enjoy a good smoke anymore,” he muttered. Then he drew upon his pipe and closed his eyes, attempting to relax again.
Lord Winston was not sure how long he had dozed. Only a few minutes seemed to have passed as he enjoyed his pipe and the warmth of the hearth. However, when he opened his eyes he found both Amanda and Alice facing him from across the room. He blinked only once as he straightened in his chair, but now they were a mere few feet from him.
“What the devil?” he exclaimed, wondering if his eyes might be playing tricks on him.
The two of them held warped vacant expressions—unfeeling looks through darkened eyes. Lord Winston attempted to stand, but he was held in place in his chair. He looked down to find burlap mittens gripping him tightly. Upon closer inspection, he realized that the leather upholstery had actually transformed completely into burlap.
The chair came alive beneath him, standing and hoisting him into the air with it. His feet dangled above the carpet as the arms of the chair wrapped around his torso. He attempted to scream, crying out for help from his wife and the maid. But they only grinned at his predicament, and he saw in their eyes that they were something other than human. 
The mid-seam opened behind him and the burlap monster’s arms pushed him inside. He heard the rattle of chains and felt their tightening grip around his body. The aroma of mint flavored tobacco smoke wafted around him as the seam closed itself over him again.  



Mr. Sinister

The retreating fog revealed a sunlit alley, dingy buildings and stained garments drying on wash-lines high above. I stared, trying to get my bearings in the new environment. I searched quickly for any of the amazing sights I had just seen. The smell of urine and sweat helped me realize where I was. 
“Have we come back to London?”
Tom gave me a funny look. “Of course. You can’t live in a dream all the time, Brody.”
Tom’s clothing had returned to its former disheveled state. I frowned when I realized my own accouterments had faired no better. “Why did our clothing go back to the way it was?”
“This is a different world,” he said. “It doesn’t take much effort to make things any way you want in Faerie. But in this physical world, it’s more difficult. I mean I could whip us up some nice duds for sure, but you’d stick out like a sore thumb…easier for the police to spot you. You wouldn’t want that would you?”
I felt disappointed. “Of course not.”
“Good.” 
A bird called from high above. I looked up and saw a large raven diving through the lines of clothing swaying in the light breeze. As it swooped down upon us, Tom raised his arm as though he might shield himself from the creature. The bird opened its wings to catch the wind then lit upon Tom’s arm.
The bird sat there, staring past Tom at me. I felt uncomfortable under its gaze and wondered if it might suddenly leap from his arm to peck my eyes out. 
“Why is it staring at me?”
“What’s wrong, you ninny?” Tom chided. “Afraid of a bird?”
I shook my head, though there was no conviction to it.
The bird opened its beak and spoke. “You’re late, you’re late.”
Tom found nothing unusual in this and responded, “Of course, I’m late! You’d be late too if you’d been pinched. The beak almost stretched our necks—not that you’d care.”
The bird fluttered and squawked disapprovingly upon Tom’s arm. 
Tom scolded the bird. “Now off with you and tell Mr. Sinister I’ve brought someone special to meet him. Brody West from America.”
The bird took flight, bouncing Tom’s arm with its weight as it leaped away. The bird flew out of sight among the clothing high above us. I very nearly leaped out of my skin, turning to find a tall lanky man standing almost on top of me.
The man stood nearly seven feet tall, wearing dark trousers and a coat. He was unshaven and had dark circles, like streaks of soot, under his eyes. A black derby sat upon his dark shaggy mop of hair. He smiled at me with perfectly white teeth that reminded me of a predator. He extended one of his hands, which had been hidden behind his back. Long black nails reached down to take my small hand in his. “It is a pleasure to make your acquaintance, Mr. West. I am Mr. Sinister.”
I stood there speechless. His sudden and menacing appearance unsettled me more than I can say. Had I searched the entire world for a description of the man, I would never have found one so fitting as his given name.
Mr. Sinister regarded Tom standing next to me. “It seems Mr. West is quite speechless, Tom. Perhaps you can enlighten me as to how he came to us?”
Tom motioned toward the door in the building to our right. “Come on, Brody. We’ll get you something to eat while I talk to the boss.”
I tried to turn and follow Tom, but my eyes kept peeling back to look at Mr. Sinister. He seemed the sort of fellow who might cut your throat as soon as you weren’t looking. He continued smiling at me, though his thin lips had now come down over his teeth. As I came through the door, darkness engulfed me. Only the light from the alley, through the doorway, penetrated the room. I looked back, wondering how close Mr. Sinister had followed. The door slammed shut, seemingly of its own volition. 
“Tom, where are you?” I cried in the darkness.
An oil lamp’s flame rose in intensity across the room, revealing Tom. “This way, Brody.” 
He stood next to another door. Junk lay everywhere around me—old papers, books and ragged clothing. I walked through the twisted path cut through the heaps and came to where Tom was already opening another door. He went through with the lamp in hand. I followed.
“What happened to Mr. Sinister?” I asked.
“Oh, he’ll be along in a moment.” Tom stopped and turned to me. “Brody, Mr. Sinister is a very important and powerful man. One piece of advice—don’t cross him.”
I stammered for an answer, wondering why such advice should be given, or how I might cross the man. After all, I was only seventeen years old and posed little threat to anyone, least of all Mr. Sinister. Tom turned, continuing down a narrow hallway leading to a circular stair rising through the ceiling.
We ascended the stair and came directly into a room filled with sewing machines on small wooden desks. Behind each, a woman sat sewing material resembling burlap. Other women labored at worktables cutting the coarse brown cloth into patterns vaguely human in shape—each having two arms, two legs and a head.
When two halves of the pattern were sewn together, more women stuffed them with sawdust from a pile next to their workstation. A hole remained over the heart of each crude doll and into it went the stuffing. The final item added came from a small pile of knick-knacks and accessories. Leather wallets, handkerchiefs, hairbrushes, pendants, earrings and other sorts of personal belongings lay there. Once one was selected, a woman placed it into the hole, down in the sawdust, then stitched it up.
I tapped Tom on the shoulder as we passed through the large workspace. “Are they making some sort of dolls?”
Tom shot me a sly grin. “Yeah, that’s just what they’re doing. Nice aren’t they?”
I didn’t answer. In truth they were hideous. Very poor workmanship. And they were as big as the women sewing them. The hair was made of stitched-on straw and they had big button eyes. 
“Who in the world would want to buy one of those things for their children?” I asked.
Tom patted me on the shoulder. “Don’t worry, Brody, it’s a very exclusive market we serve. Now, let’s get some food into you.”
I followed him through, taking one last look at the women and their handiwork. The whole scene became even creepier to me as I noticed the expressions on their faces. They seemed to be in a trance. Their eyes never fell to their work, yet they completed the tasks as though born to them.
The woman nearest me worked a sewing machine running two halves of fabric under the bobbing needle. I gave her a little wave as we passed. She ran her hand right under the sewing machine needle and stopped. She did not scream, even though blood oozed out of her wounds. She simply backed up the needle, removed her hand and went back to her work like nothing had happened. Her eyes never ceased staring straight ahead toward the wall.
I stepped back from the little desk into Tom, who had stopped and come back for me. “There’s nothing to see here, Brody.”
I looked at him, my horror written all over my face. I started to complain, but his stern look told me it was best not to bother. Another life-sized doll flew from a worktable to the growing pile in the corner. We moved on.



Tom and I took another two flights of stairs upward toward the attic of the building. Here a host of children, all boys of various ages, lit upon plain wooden bunks, rickety chairs and even the rafters above. All of them wore the same shabby apparel.
Most of them looked our way when we came to the top landing and stood. Some of the boys smoked hand-rolled cigarettes, still others smoked clay pipes. None of them looked pleased to see us, which meant they were not pleased to see a stranger among them—namely me.
Some of the boys, nearly a dozen of the fifty or so present, sat huddled upon a long table near the middle of the room dipping into a sizzling skillet of sausages. Someone spoke up from behind them in a low voice and they scattered like cockroaches, revealing Mr. Sinister seated at the head of the table.
He spread his left hand to me invitingly. “Welcome, Mr. West. Please sit down and have something to eat.” 
Said the spider to the fly, I thought to myself. Still, how could I refuse?
Tom ushered me into the room toward the table where Mr. Sinister sat at the far end. The boys watched me from every corner of the room. I sat down on the opposite end of the table. Several sausages waited in the iron skillet, their heat fading. I reached for one. Roaches skittered across the table, racing to the meat in the pan. I withdrew my hand in disgust, trying not to be obvious. 
“I’m not really hungry at the moment, sir. Thank you, anyway.”
Two of the other boys moved on the pan and emptied it quickly. Mr. Sinister’s eyes never left me. Even when a cockroach crawled over his fingers resting upon the table, he simply raised his hand near his face, waited for the insect to reach his fingertips then flicked it into his mouth. It gave a sickening crunch as he bit into the insect, but his gaze never left me.
“What brings you to London, Mr. West? I understand you are an American,” he said with interest.
I found myself nodding absently. His eyes were like a serpent’s—hypnotic. “I came with my father.”
“And where is your father, Brody?”
“He was murdered two days ago, sir.”
“Oh dear, how terrible for you,” Mr. Sinister said, the grin never leaving his face.
“I ran away…afraid. I didn’t know what to do or where to go. The constable thought I was helping Tom and the other boys, so they threw me into prison.”
Mr. Sinister’s eyes narrowed slightly as he smiled even wider. “Yes, Tom certainly has been a naughty boy, but how fortunate for us that we should make your acquaintance.”
I looked at Tom. He stood against the wall nearby.
“Well, at any rate, I’m very glad that Tom saved me from the hanging. I saw a boy hung upon my arrival in London. It was terrible.” Tom frowned at me while his eyes dodged to the back of Mr. Sinister’s head.
I knew immediately that I had given away something I shouldn’t have. For his part, Mr. Sinister never stopped grinning at me, although his eyes did squint slightly at the mention of the hanging. “Really, Brody? I’m afraid Tom didn’t mention that yet.”
“I was meaning to tell you,” Tom interjected hurriedly. “Only it slipped my mind what with Brody coming to meet you and all.”
Sinister ignored him for the moment, his gaze never leaving my eyes. I had the distinct impression Mr. Sinister could literally look beyond my expression into my mind to see what I was thinking. Gooseflesh rose on my arms as a nervous trembling attempted to overtake me.
“Tell me, Brody, exactly what happened when Tom saved you…how did he ever manage it?” Now his eyes narrowed on me. I felt Tom’s sidelong gaze upon me as well, probably wondering if I would give away anything else. My only problem was that I didn’t have a clue what parts of the story could be told and what Tom meant to be kept a secret. I supposed our crossing into the place Tom called Faerie must be completely off limits, but there was little else to be said besides it.
I stammered, but at least came up with, “I’m not really sure how he did it, but I am very happy to be alive.”
With his eyes still narrowed, Mr. Sinister’s smile vanished a little. “I’m sure you are, Brody.” He held up his hand and snapped his fingers. “I think you could probably do with some sleep, hmm?”
One of the other boys appeared with a tattered blanket, waiting to lead me away from the table. I looked out the windows. The gray sky hid the sun. I guessed it was only dusk. Still, I didn’t want to anger the man. After all, Tom had warned me not to cross him. 
“I suppose, sir, if you think it a good idea.”
“I do.”



Dolls

My sleep that evening was fitful at best. I had been tucked away in one of the bunks formerly used by the boys who had been hanged while Tom and I had escaped. I didn’t ask if Charlie had been sleeping here, but something told me he had. 
I dreamed of them that night—the boys sitting next to me while awaiting the hooded hangmen to come for us. I remembered Charlie’s final questions about the pain he was about to endure. 
Then we were standing in a row again. The Noose was placed about our necks. The switch was thrown. Charlie looked over at Tom. Tom flashed the boy a devilish grin as a tomato flew past him, hitting me in the chest. Then the floor gave way. Charlie and the other boy—I had never known his name—dropped through. Tom and I disappeared from before his eyes along with the nooses about our necks.
Charlie hung there, wondering what had happened to us. His neck burned—I could feel his pain radiating out through his limbs. His head felt like a balloon about to pop as his face turned blue. The boys dwelling beneath the gallows laughed and jumped at his legs, fighting for a turn to add their weight to his. Two boys latched on and his spine gave way with a sickening crack that rang in his skull. 
After the deed was done, as the bodies were being removed, no one questioned the absence of the other  two boys who had previously been strung up with these two corpses. Any evidence of our existence had been erased. We were not even remembered.
The dream shifted, as dreams often do.
I walked down the cobbled streets of London now. Dark figures loomed all about me—unmoving—like statues. Thousands of ravens, like the one that had spoken to Tom, flew overhead. Many more were perched upon nearly every surface—the buildings, rails, lampposts, everywhere. And they were watching me with an intensity that made me very afraid. They looked hungry. Their raucous chorus filled my ears until I thought my skull would split open from it.
One by one, the birds began to shake themselves. Their feathers molted away as their bodies took new forms. The ravens burst suddenly—the feathers, beaks and claws swirling like living tar that became men. 
The one nearest me became Mr. Sinister himself. He had the same predatory smile on his face, the same hunger in his eyes. He wanted to kill me. Whether he said it or not, I knew it was true.
The other ravens transformed into men like Sinister. They began to walk toward me, but I could not see anything about their faces. Only their white teeth and devilish eyes were visible in contrast to the darkness they had coalesced from.
I started to run, but quickly collided with one of the statuesque people standing in the street. I backed away, pleading for help. A doll’s burlap face and button eyes stared back at me. I screamed as it reached out to grab me. The burlap mouth opened, revealing a cord-like tongue that lashed out, ensnaring me. I was pulled inside like a fly into the mouth of a toad.
I screamed myself awake…only I wasn’t inside the tenement with the other boys. I was mired in a pit full of grayish mud. It stank like sewage and barely allowed me to move. Thankfully the pit was not deep. I struggled to my hands and knees against a sensation that the mud was sapping the very life out of me.
A giant’s hand wrapped itself around me, plucking me from the pool of muck like a ripe berry. He laughed as he brought me up to his huge head to inspect his handiwork. His ears were the size of an elephant’s and his bulbous nose was like a huge tortoise upon his face. He also had two prominent bottom teeth that jutted out from under his bottom lip like tusks. “Another little mud man to make sport for us,” he bellowed. 
He turned and strode through a waste courtyard full of dead brush and rocks, carrying me like a figurine. I saw a wall of rough stone blocks one hundred feet high surrounding us on every side. 
The giant set me down among a flock of more mud people—all of them chained to great spiked balls of iron. One of the iron balls threw a chain at me like an octopus’s tentacle, clasping my ankle with a manacle that snapped shut with a sound like a gunshot. The giant ordered me to work with a thunderous roar. I found a dull pick-axe lying on the ground nearby. 
The crack of the giant’s whip across my mud-covered flesh told me the tool was meant for my hands. I arched my back in pain, crying out as blood poured from the wound. My hands scrabbled across the dusty ground, retrieving the implement before another blow could be thrown. I fell into pace with the other hopeless mud people around me, hammering uselessly away at huge chunks of rock. I could see no purpose in our drudgery except to break our spirits.
Above the courtyard, a huge gothic edifice watched over us all like an owl peering hungrily through the night at its prey. There was no sun, no moon—only the bleary gray of dusk with no end in sight.



The morning light roused us from our bunks in the tenement. Dozens of boys clamored for their meager belongings. Mr. Sinister was nowhere to be seen, but still the boys moved with purpose, seeming to know the consequences for misbehavior.
Tom found me and showed me a place where they kept a bucket of water to wash up in. A used rag, which may have been white at one time but was now dingy brown, lay wet over the lip of the bucket. I removed my shirt then soaked the rag with water and rung it out several times.
Using the rag, I washed my face, arms and chest then rung out the rag and replaced it on the bucket for the next boy. I didn’t care to think that I was probably the last in line already.



The Lazy Lad

By the time we found our way out onto the streets again, early morning commuters were already bustling along the endless river of human traffic. Mr. Sinister had suggested that I go along with Tom and two other boys in order to learn their trade and earn my keep. I took the man’s suggestion as the order it was meant to be and kept pace with Tom and the other two boys: Bill and Peter.
Tom and the other boys meandered along through the London streets, seeming to know their way expertly while I tried to keep up, fearing I would surely get left behind if I lost sight of them. But I noticed that Tom never let me wander too far from them. 
Several times I noticed him pause among the thronging passersby to be sure that I was still there. I got the feeling that either he was genuinely concerned for my well-being, or he knew the punishment he might receive for losing me. Either way, I was grateful for his attentiveness. 
We made several stops that morning; not at all the business I might have suspected Mr. Sinister and his boys to be involved in. I had thought, possibly, that they were mere pick-pockets largely due to the incident that had landed them and me in prison. However, this appeared not to be the case at all.
We entered a local pub bearing the moniker The Lazy Lad where Tom immediately sauntered up to the bar. A rather large man wiped a puddle of beer from the dark mahogany bar top. When he spotted Tom, his demeanor changed, going from contentment to anger and then to fear in the blink of an eye. I might have expected anger since boys our age had no business in a pub. Already the place was half full of patrons starting their day in a way that suggested they would end it in the same way, sitting upon the same stools, walking the muddled line between consciousness and unconsciousness.
However, the unsaid exchange taking place between Tom and the barkeep was truly perplexing. My new friend, if indeed he could be called such, acted as though he owned the place. The barkeep drew four drafts, one for each of us, and placed them quickly upon the bar. Tom, Peter and Bill sidled up to their drinks and began to imbibe. I left mine sitting, its foam cascading down the side of the tankard.
“Looks like business is going well, John” Tom remarked.
The barkeep acknowledged the comment somewhat grudgingly. “You’ve just caught me on a good day,” he said. “Hardly a soul has been in here all week before today.”
Tom laughed before taking a deep drink of beer. “John, John,” he said, chastising the man. “Don’t play me for the fool. We do have eyes in every place, you see? We know what you can do and not do for us in exchange for our services.”
“I’m barely feeding my family as it is,” John complained in hushed tones, hoping that his customers wouldn’t hear.
“Of course, if you feel you don’t need our services anymore, that’s all fine and dandy,” Tom said. “But accidents can happen when you least expect, taking a terrible toll.”
At that moment, a bottle of liquor fell from the shelf behind John. When it smashed to pieces upon the ground at his feet, it burst into flames, even catching John’s pant leg on fire. The barkeep practically leaped out of his skin, beating the flames with his damp rag. I grabbed my tankard from the bar and heaved the beer onto the flames, snuffing them out instantly.
Tom was already half way to the door with Peter and Bill trailing lazily behind him. I had been transfixed by the fire, not realizing they had gotten up. 
“It’s a cruel world to be taking chances with your valuables,” Tom called back.
John also hadn’t realized Tom was leaving. “Wait!” he called.
As Tom turned, John went through his till, fishing out a wad of money which he offered to Bill. The boy took the money, winking at the barkeep with a smile. “Nice doing business with you, sir,” he offered condescendingly. 
“Come along, Brody,” Tom said as he turned back to the door, heading out.
I looked one last time at John the barkeep as I turned from the bar. His eyes were shooting daggers into me. I could only offer him an apologetic glance to atone for my associated guilt.
When I hit the streets with Tom and the other boys again, I immediately confronted them.
“You’re blackmailing these people!” I shouted.
Tom’s wan smile faded abruptly. “We do as we’re told, which is something you had better learn quickly,” he said. “Life is a hard road, Brody. I would think the last few days might have taught you that already.”
“Hard road?” I snapped. “You seemed to enjoy yourself well enough, strutting around like a peacock. You were happy to take the bread from that man’s table.”
“If it puts bread on my own, sure,” he said. “But what you don’t realize are the dangers lurking in this city that his money will keep away. Sinister offers them protection.”
“Protection from what?” I protested. 
Tom drew very near to me then. His emerald blue eyes flashed with anger. “Things you’ve yet to notice. Just because your father died and you’ve been pinched and spent a night in prison and dangled briefly from the rope don’t make you knowledgeable about the real world.”
I noticed that Peter and Bill were standing behind Tom in a daze. Their eyes were glassy, their attention a million miles away. I swallowed the lump in my throat and deferred to them, hoping to change the subject. 
“What did you do to them?” I asked.
“Who? Bill and Peter?” he asked, smiling. “Just a bit of stupid to keep them occupied.”
“They don’t know about the real world?” I quipped.
“Are you joking?” he asked, incredulous. “None of Sinister’s boys know anything about anything. They serve a purpose for a while until they get pinched, or misbehave.”
I wasn’t sure I really wanted to know the answer, but I asked the question anyway. “What happens when they misbehave.”
Tom’s smile vanished. “Brody, you see things others don’t for a reason. Somehow you’re one of us, a descendant of the Fallen, and I can appreciate your curiosity. After all, you clearly weren’t brought up with any knowing, but you ask too many questions…dangerous questions. I’ve told you once, don’t cross Sinister. For now, that’s all you need to know to survive.”
I was just about to ask Tom what he meant by the Fallen, when a horrible sight entered my peripheral vision. I looked past Tom to the person crossing the street behind him, walking toward The Lazy Lad. 
What had only a moment ago appeared to be an average man, bearing two-day-old stubble and the thinning hair of a man past his prime, had transformed into a terrifying sack doll exactly like those made within the sweat shop at Sinister’s tenement. The sack man turned toward me, hissing and wailing like a banshee.
At once, I felt as though my soul was being sucked from my body, dragged toward a horrible darkness that refused to let me go. I screamed, trying to turn and run for my life. Tom had just noticed what I saw. I heard the sound of glass shattering as windows in the buildings around us burst. A flame, coming from nowhere, erupted toward the sack man, consuming the creature as I turned to lay my eyes on my escape. My legs turned to jelly, and my head swam. The street spun in my vision. Then blackness overtook me.



Unforeseen

Tom turned as Brody’s eyes grew wide, terror written all over him. Behind him, one of Sinister’s dolls took notice of Brody, hissing and rising up defensively like a cobra. The boy screamed, causing the windows in nearby buildings to explode. His power, more considerable than Tom might have suspected, had been loosed uncontrolled through the boy’s reaction to seeing the doll.
Tom turned back to stop Brody’s sudden flight, finding a blossom of flame mushrooming toward him. He threw himself out of the way just in time, unfortunately forgetting about Peter and Bill who remained dumb behind him. The flame flew between them, singeing eyebrows and bangs, before engulfing the doll. The creature screamed madly for only a moment before the inferno incinerated its burlap skin and sawdust innards, leaving nothing but ash upon the cool breeze.
The enchantment upon Peter and Bill fell away as the boys reacted to the sudden heat that had left them both smoldering. They leaped about, slapping themselves wildly, swearing until every tiny ember was extinguished. They stood gulping at the air with soot-stained expressions of bewilderment, looking to Tom for some explanation. He gave them none, instead examining the damage Brody had caused.
He grinned as his eyes fell upon the unconscious boy. “Took a bit out of you, but not bad old boy, not bad.”
Tom gazed upward as a familiar shadow swept over him, crossing the street. His grin fell away immediately when he spotted Mr. Sinister standing atop of The Lazy Lad.
The stern glare Sinister shared with Tom told him that his master had seen what had happened between Brody and the doll. He was not pleased. Tom held his gaze a moment longer until he felt Sinister release him. He turned back to Brody lying facedown upon the street. 
No one had reacted to the commotion the boy had caused, not even when the doll burst into flames and disintegrated. Tom had weaved a glamour about them in order to hide the matter from mortal eyes. Pedestrians continued past, seeing only what they supposed they should see, giving Tom and Brody a wide birth even without realizing they were doing so. 



Hours later, upon one of the high parapets of an unfinished Tower Bridge, a cloaked figure stood overlooking the Thames coursing beneath. The bridge had been under construction for nearly two years now with most of the work still unfinished. Though it carried no traffic yet, the location still made for a most appropriate meeting place when matters of the darkest nature needed discussing away from prying eyes and ears.
A raven, silhouetted against the bright full moon, sailed on toward the castle-like structures rising from the waters, knowing exactly where he should find his master waiting. The cloaked figure, finely dressed as he was wont to be, did not regard the large bird until the fowl creature descended, its plumage expanding to form a dark tattered cape, its small legs stretching until they became quite human. 
“You are twenty seconds late,” the cloaked man said, holding a brilliantly crafted gold pocket watch. He snapped it shut, punctuating his irritation with the raven.
The dark beak had peeled back to reveal the head of a man wearing a bowler hat like a black knob upon his head. “My apologies, my lord Black,” Mr. Sinister said, bowing at the waist.
Mr. Black stiffened knowingly. “What has happened?”
“One of the dolls was spotted today and nearly destroyed,” Sinister said reluctantly. He did not wish to report bad news to his master. Mr. Black’s temper was a beast not to be trifled with, as many unfortunates had come to understand.
“Spotted by whom? One of Oliver’s lackeys?” Mr. Black replied.
“By a young boy who has become entangled with one of my own,” Sinister reported. “I’ve been told that he has the Sight.”
“What’s the problem then? Kill the boy,” Mr. Black ordered. “The doll should have regenerated already. It seems a simple matter.”
Mr. Sinister did not reply. Mr. Black waited for a moment, considering again the report his servant had brought. “You said the boy nearly destroyed the doll?”
Sinister had been hoping he wouldn’t have to point out the obvious problem. “Yes, my lord.”
“Are you certain the boy is not a plant sent by Oliver? He’s an old fool, but a crafty one.”
“I cannot be sure. However, the boy appears to have no knowledge. His efforts against the doll were reactionary. He fainted straightaway.”
Mr. Black grinned slightly beneath the brim of his top hat. “Still, he must possess some measure of power to attack the doll to such a degree. How was it done?”
“As I mentioned, my lord, the boy was frightened and reacted instinctively. He shattered the nearby windows on the street and incinerated the doll when it reacted to his discovery.”
Mr. Black turned. “Incinerated? No average gift.”
“I thought you would find it intriguing, my lord,” Sinister said.
“Bring him to my estate tomorrow evening,” Mr. Black said. “I’ll send a carriage.”
“Yes, my lord.”
“And do bring Tom as well, Sinister,” Mr. Black said. “I’m sure he must be the boy who became entangled with this one. I’m certain if you left him behind he would only wander onto my estate snooping anyway. I would hate to be forced to destroy him before his usefulness has been expired.”
Mr. Sinister cringed slightly. “Yes, my lord.”
He stepped away from his master and off of the parapet, plummeting toward the chilly waters of the Thames below. His cape billowed in the wind, becoming a broad pair of wings as the rest of Sinister’s human form was again absorbed by that of a raven in flight. Mr. Black remained upon the unfinished parapet as rigid as a gargoyle, looking out over the city he had claimed long ago for his own.



I woke to cool water splashing my face. I reacted as most would by shooting out of unconsciousness as fast as possible, spluttering and spitting. Tom stood before me holding the wash pale, now empty, with a wicked grin upon his face. 
“Have a nice nap?” he asked innocently.
My last memory of the evil man-sized doll, came to me, forcing me to scramble from the table top where I had been lying. 
“Where is it?” I asked, spitting the last remnants of that morning’s used wash water in the process.
Tom lowered the bucket, placing his other hand on his hip. “Where’s what?”
“That thing…the bag of stuffing that tried to kill me on the street today!” I said, managing to stir myself nearly back into the state of panic I had been in when I passed out on the street.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Tom said.
I  looked at him incredulously. “Don’t lie about it,” I demanded. “I know what I saw. It was the same as the ones those women downstairs are sewing together…only alive!”
“Like I said, greenie, you have this annoying habit of asking too many questions,” he warned. “You’ve already gotten us into enough trouble as it is. There are things happening that you just wouldn’t understand.”
I gave him my best sardonic glare. “Try me.”
The room was mostly dark except for the lantern sitting upon the table next to us. The other boys were in the next room, apparently asleep for the night. Tom leaned in conspiratorially. “There’s a war going on, Brody,” he said.
I began to run down the different conflicts I had heard about in my head. Tom cut me off.
“Not a human war, but one among the Fallen,” he said.
“You mentioned them before,” I replied. “Who are the Fallen?”
“It’s difficult to explain, really,” he said. “Not-quite-humans would be a way to look at it. Fae, like me.”
“You?”
“And many others not like me,” he explained.
“Like Sinister?” I pushed.
“Perhaps,” Sinister said, coalescing from the shadows upon the wall behind Tom.
I nearly leaped out of my skin at the sight of him suddenly standing in the room with us. His eyes had a feral glint, like a wolf closing upon his prey. The rest of him, dressed in his tattered, black clothing seemed to melt into the darkness. 
Tom had not turned around, but closed his eyes, gritting his teeth. He didn’t speak, waiting to be addressed, having been caught in some transgression only they two understood.
“Cat got your tongue, Tom?” Mr. Sinister asked. “Why don’t you go on?”
“I’m feeling a bit tired at the moment,” he said. “I should put Brody to bed. He’s had a busy afternoon.”
Sinister’s eyes never left mine. “Indeed. Perhaps, Brody would like to explain how he managed to destroy the rag doll he saw on the street today.”
“I’m not sure,” I said. “I was trying to get away from it. That thing attacked me.”
“Defensive posturing only, I’m sure,” Sinister said. “They aren’t made to attack people.”
“What are they made for?” I enquired.
Sinister paused before providing anything further. His eyes narrowed to slits. “The war dear Tom mentioned,” he said.
“I don’t understand.”
Sinister brightened. “I didn’t expect that you would. Nevertheless, you have been granted the honor of meeting someone very important. Our benefactor, Mr. Black, has invited you to dinner at his estate tomorrow evening. Tom will attend with you.”
Tom’s eyes darted to me anxiously. He didn’t like what we were being told, but he said nothing. Still, there was an unsaid warning in his eyes. I wasn’t sure how to respond.
“Do I have a choice?”
Mr. Sinister grinned. “None at all.”



Invitation

My sleep, again, was fitful at best, though I cannot remember my dreams that night as I had others. Still, something didn’t feel right, as though some invader had spent the predawn hours probing my subconscious mind for information and then left without leaving any prints by which the intruder might be identified. I had no idea what the day would bring, let alone the evening with this Mr. Black. However, Tom and I did not venture out at all with the other boys residing under Mr. Sinister’s care.
Sinister was nowhere to be found when I awoke that morning. Tom was sitting by the hearth, prodding a skillet full of sausages and bits of ham. He didn’t look up when I walked into the room to find everyone already gone.
“Morning,” I said half-heartedly.
Tom simply grunted. Clearly, he wasn’t pleased by the situation we were both in. I wasn’t sure if I should broach the subject of our evening just yet.
“Is anyone else here?” I asked.
Tom stopped prodding the sausages in order to remove the skillet with a thick rag. He tossed the pan onto the long table. “Sinister’s gone, if that’s what you want to know.”
I let out the breath I had been holding. My relief was palpable. But that didn’t mean I was out of danger by any means.
I walked over to the table and picked up two sausages from the pan. They were still good and hot, so I blew on them for a moment, trying not to burn my fingers. “Are we going out today?” I asked.
“Confined to quarters,” Tom said. “Sinister don’t want us wandering off before our dinner date with Mr. Black. Boy, you really did me a favor didn’t ya?”
“I didn’t mean to get you into trouble, Tom,” I said. “I don’t even know what happened yesterday.”
Tom grunted again. “No control, asks all kinds of questions. Now we’re really in for it,” he complained.
“What did happen?” I asked. “And who is Mr. Black?”
“Well,” he said, seeming to settle in for a good explanation, “apparently, you not only have the Sight, but you have some measure of power as well.”
“Power?”
“Some call it magic, but that’s not quite accurate, strictly speaking,” he said. “We’re descended from the Fallen. They have great power, so we also have some of those same abilities. It varies, of course, depending upon your heritage and all. Pretty complicated really.”
“The Fallen? You keep saying that, but what does it mean.”
“Angels, mate,” he said darkly. “Now, do you see the mess we’re in?”
A sense of foreboding was creeping up my spine, but I still shook my head. 
“We are descended from fallen angels, all of us Fae; though we’re known by different names to different people. Some of us are like Sinister who runs the Breed in London. Others are called by different names: elves, dwarves, goblins, werewolves and such. But all of us came from various fallen angels cohabitating with humans.”
A touch of familiarity at that. “Do you have a Bible here? I’ve lost mine with all that’s happened.”
“The Book? Are you kidding? Haven’t you figured out where you are yet?”
I honestly had not quite figured out where I was yet.
“Are you sure?” I begged.
“Wait a minute,” Tom said, thoughtful. “Ratty Pete…I think he has one stashed somewhere under his bunk, maybe.”
Tom dashed across the room to one of the bunks and tore away the hay sack mattress, revealing the flat board beneath. He lifted this as well, scrounging beneath it. He latched on to something blindly then brought it out where I could see.
“A Bible!” I shouted.
“Hush!” he hissed. “Do you want to bring Sinister back? I sure wouldn’t want him to find the Book in our dwelling. He’d have a fit for sure.”
“Let me have it,” I demanded, snatching the tattered King James from his hands.
I flipped, arriving at Genesis chapter six. “Oh,” I said.
“What is it?” Tom asked, looking over my shoulder. “Who are the Sons of God?”
“That must be who the Fallen are…angels that sinned against the Lord by taking human women for their wives to have children by them.”
“Giants?” he noticed. “Yeah, that makes sense.”
“There are real giants among your kind?” I asked.
“They’re not my kind, but they do exist. They just don’t usually show themselves out in the mortal world. Too conspicuous.”
“What kind are you?” I asked, noticing his ears again. “An elf maybe?”
“Well, that’s where the myths come in, don’t they?” he said. “We usually go by Fae as a general term, or the People.”
“Are there many of your kind?”
“Not so many as mortals, of course, but many,” he confirmed. “Not that mortals would know it. We see to our secrecy well. Still, some mortals have the Sight and see us for what we are. But you’re a curious one.”
“What do you mean?”
“I wonder who you came from,” he said. 
I considered the matter a moment, while Tom stared at me curiously.
“Tell me about your parents, Brody,” he said, grinning.
“Now, wait a minute,” I said. “My parents were as mortal as they come, Tom. There’s no way I could be descended from the Fallen.”
He considered it, scrutinizing me. “Yeah, you’re right religious too…that wouldn’t fit.”
“Just because I’ve put my faith in God?” I asked. “Don’t any of you believe?”
“Believe he exists? Of course,” Tom confirmed. “After all, I couldn’t be descended from the Fallen if it was all hogwash, now could I? But that ain’t the same thing is it?”
“No,” I replied. “My faith is a trust, not simply knowledge of God’s existence. The Bible states that even the devils believe that God exists. I suppose they would have that knowledge even more than men.”
Tom folded his arms. “See?” he said. “And there ain’t none of them that have been offered any saving. So why should I be any different coming from them?”
“But doesn’t it concern you?” I asked.
“That’s why there’s a war going on, mate,” Tom said. “And you’ve managed to stumble right into the middle of it.”



Tom and I spent the rest of the afternoon without speaking much to each other. He seemed more than a little bitter about the reproach his people had been shown due to their heritage. He was without hope. I couldn’t imagine what that would be like.
Descended from fallen angels. What a terrible situation to be born to. I felt very bad for Tom. But then he was so resigned to his fate and angry too. The suggestion that I might also be related to the Fallen, because of my ability to see him as he was, had shocked me completely. Sure, I had managed to destroy that sickening doll creature, but it was purely accidental. For all I knew, the thing had simply malfunctioned in some way; gone haywire and exploded. I didn’t know, or want to know.
If there was one thing I was sure of, it was the fact that my parents were completely normal. My mother had died when I was very young. Some kind of unknown disease had caused her to waste away before my father’s eyes over the course of my first year. He had described it to me only once, when I was ten-years-old. The details were chilling.
My father was a pastor and had been since before I was born. He had never described any strange creatures, like the ones I was witnessing recently, nor had he shown any sort of magical abilities at all. At least that’s how I would have described these things that Tom could do. I had no other word for it at the time. No matter what suspicions Tom might have had about my heritage being similar to his, he had to be wrong.
By the time the other boys arrived back in Sinister’s tenement lair, I was left in the wash room by myself sulking while Tom handled business in the outer room with the others. I sat upon a bench that lined up against the far wall, waiting for the inevitable dinner date with one Mr. Black. I still had no idea how he fit into all of this, but if he was Sinister’s benefactor then he was calling the shots.
Within an hour of the boys arriving, I felt a chill creeping up my spine. The room seemed somehow not quite right. I realized this was the same feeling I had experienced when first meeting Mr. Sinister. Sure enough, he came around the corner through the doorway a moment later. 
“It’s time, Brody,” Mr. Sinister said, his voice as icy as ever.
I stood without looking directly at him. I walked past him without getting any closer than I had to. The man reeked of a strange body odor that hinted at earth mingled with something metallic I couldn’t quite identify.
Sinister’s steps were virtually silent as he ushered me toward the door beyond the main room. Tom was already waiting, wearing his hat. His fiery locks had been combed for the first time I’d ever seen. This gesture alone spoke volumes about the authority of the man I was about to dine with. I would never have imagined Tom combing his hair even if his life had depended on it. Then again, perhaps that was exactly the kind of dyer situation I was about to enter into. 
We took the stairs down to the street where an omnipresent fog waited to receive us. The sky was heavily overcast and night seemed to be well on its way. As we approached the street, I heard the heavy breathing of several large animals. 
The fog parted like a curtain, revealing a shiny black carriage with a pair of black mares hitched up in front waiting restlessly to be on their way. The driver wore a black frock coat and pants. His face was hidden by shadow though I had no idea where such darkness could have originated from. Yet it remained upon him like a cloak hiding his features. Even my ability to see beings like Tom could not reveal his identity.
The driver gazed at us with glowing red eyes that sent a shiver of fear running up my spine. “Enter,” he said in a terribly raspy voice that did nothing to dissuade the sense of doom gathering in my mind.
The carriage door swung open before us of its own volition, revealing a deep red velvet interior that made me immediately wonder if it had been drenched in blood prior to arriving here. I gave Tom a sidelong glance. He pretended not to notice then stepped forward, resolutely climbing into the carriage. 
With Tom inside and Mr. Sinister still standing behind me, I quickly followed, sitting beside Tom on the velvet upholstery. The smell of cinnamon was nearly overpowering, certainly beyond good taste. Some other aroma lingered beneath the surface, almost hidden but not quite.
Mr. Sinister, strangely, did not follow us into the cab. Instead, he stood without, closed the door and then watched through the window, grinning devilishly. Almost instantly, the whip cracked against horseflesh. The cab gave a lurch forward, and the world outside blurred.
I turned to Tom. “Why didn’t he come with us? What’s going to happen?”
He gave me an annoyed glance. “Shut up,” he hissed. “We’re here already. And mind your tongue. We’re in enough trouble already.”
I turned back to the window. The scene outside had changed, but the world was still again. The door began to open. 
“Well, go on,” Tom said.
He shoved me toward the door. I scooted from the seat and stepped out of the carriage. We were no longer in front of Sinister’s tenement dwelling. Instead, a grand estate stood before us.
Tom got out of the carriage behind me. We stood on a pea gravel driveway, while the carriage exited. The house itself was four stories with tall windows and terraces spread across the front of each floor. Several spires rose from high spots in the roof.
I almost overlooked a number of figures stationed at odd places upon the grand structure. At first I had thought them to be gargoyles of a sort, until I noticed the eyes. They were wide like an owl’s with red-rimmed irises, gazing down upon me from at least a dozen positions.
They were as still as statues, but my sensitive sight was able to pick up the slightest rise and fall of their chests. They were most certainly alive, but didn’t seem at all friendly; more like panthers focused upon prey grazing beneath their perches.
“Don’t stare,” Tom whispered as he started up the drive toward the main doors where another, more familiar, form waited.
Mr. Sinister stood by the main doors as they parted before us. He grinned at me as Tom and I passed over the threshold. I wondered how the man had come so quickly to the estate. The carriage had passed from London proper to this countryside estate with such speed that time hardly seemed to have passed. How could Sinister have gotten here before us?  
I felt like a rabbit with the trap falling down around me. Passing into the house, a chill sensation enveloped me, as though I had passed into some other realm. Something about this foreboding reminded me of our time passing through Faerie. Only this felt much darker.
Still, the house was elegant without seeming gaudy. Mr. Black had spared no expense for quality. We passed from the tall foyer through another set of doors made almost entirely of glass apart from the silver handles used to open them. I was coming to expect all of the doors to open by themselves, which they did.
I might have expected a butler to greet us near the front doors, but no one arrived. In fact, as we passed through various large rooms in the house, no servants appeared at all. Only the gargoyles, as I thought of them, remained posted among the shadows here and there throughout the house. Though their eyes never left us, they did not move.
Sinister followed as we continued ever forward, never deviating from our present course. We arrived at an archway leading us into what I could only describe as a modest ballroom. Polished wood floors spread out before us, bearing an odd spiral pattern with the arms broadening as they spun out toward the boundaries of the room. 
Sitting directly at the focal point of these arms was a long table made of dark wood that appeared very old. A man was seated at the head of the table on the farthest end. There were no other chairs present when we came in. However, when we approached and the man rose from his chair to greet us, three more chairs similar to his began to take form, as though an invisible hand were tracing their lines before us. Those lines filled with dark brown color and wood grain, becoming real objects that we could now touch.
The man had stood upon our arrival, gesturing toward the chairs, greeting us with a welcoming smile. “Please, gentlemen, sit down.”    
We did as we were bidden. I sensed that I was actually under some unseen compulsion to obey this man’s every word. I attempted a pause as I began to sit, just to test the sensation. My body overrode my mind on the matter, pulling me down into the chair.
The man’s eyes fell upon me like a weight. We sat there for at least sixty seconds that way, no one making a sound, before he spoke again.
“Welcome to my home, Brody West,” he said. “As you may already be aware, my name is Mr. Black.”
I did not acknowledge whether I had that knowledge or not. Something inside me wanted to resist him.
“Where is it that you come from, young man?” Black asked.
“America, sir,” I answered. 
Despite a desire to resist, I knew that I was actually in terrible danger. The look in Tom’s eyes, as he watched this seemingly innocent exchange, assured me it was the case. If I offended Mr. Black, I would surely be killed immediately. Tom had earlier warned me not to cross Mr. Sinister. How much more then this man to whom Sinister answered?
Mr. Black sat back in his seat, wearing a wan smile. “I wasn’t referring to that,” he said. “I want to know your origin among the Fallen.”
I gasped at the suggestion, stammering a moment for some kind of answer. I looked at Tom, but found him closing his eyes as though this was exactly the direction he had hoped this conversation would not take.
“I’m not sure I understand your question, sir,” I said. “I’m human. My father and my mother were human.”
Mr. Black seemed to find some humor in my answer. He reached for a glass of wine that I had not even noticed sitting before him. He drained the glass before setting it down. When my eyes attempted to locate it on the table, I could not. It had already disappeared.
“You are human….Yet, you have sight to see beyond Tom’s glamour, beyond the disguises of my servants like Mr. Sinister. You are human, yet you saw one of my dolls upon the streets of London and managed to somehow override the spell upon it and destroy it by fire…not to mention the damage you caused to the surrounding establishments.”
I could see where his logic was going, and it was compelling. 
“Sir,” I said, “I have no idea how those things happened.”
He scrutinized me for a moment. 
“Perhaps not,” he said finally. “Let’s try something.”
At once, our positions changed around the table. Mr. Sinister was sitting where I had been, Tom sat opposite him. My chair was now positioned at the very end of the table opposite Mr. Black. I had not experienced any sensation of movement whatsoever. One moment it was one way, the next we were thus.
The table top had transformed somewhat as well. Nothing at all lay upon the surface except for a metal dish filled with liquid fuel of some kind and a strong fire burning. The fire was positioned exactly in the middle of the table between me and Mr. Black. I could see his face grow more interested between flickers of flame.
“Let us attempt a test, Brody,” he said. “I want you to push the flame toward me.”
The dish was clearly too far for my arms to reach. I might have stood, or walked around the table to do so, but I was quite sure that wasn’t what he wanted. 
“I can’t reach the dish, sir.” Even as I said it, I began to understand what his response would be.
“Very well,” he said. “I’m going to push the fire toward you. Either you will defend yourself, or you will be burned alive where you sit.”
Immediately, my hands were bound by living ropes to the arms of my chair. I tried to struggle against my bonds, but could do nothing to extricate myself. I looked at the fire and Mr. Black’s face beyond. 
His gaze intensified, staring at the fire. The flame boiled higher then erupted toward me like the tongue of some volcanic beast groping for a taste of its prey. I watched the coil of fire approach as if time had slowed nearly to a standstill. 
I pulled frantically against the ropes but to no avail. I screamed as the heat came upon me, my eyes wide with terror, knowing that, at the very least, I would be horribly disfigured. Most likely these villains would allow me to sit tied to this chair while the flames consumed me. Wouldn’t Tom do something to stop this?
The fire halted its advance abruptly, peeling away as though hitting a window set before my face. My high-pitched scream died away as I realized I wasn’t burning. Somehow, I had stopped the fire. I could now feel a welling surge of pressure within my head. It wasn’t exactly uncomfortable, though I won’t say it was easy either. More like a muscle put to use after remaining too long unused.
I tested this power, pushing back now against Mr. Black. After all, he had told me to do so. I put my best effort forth. The fire obeyed, veering away from me to loop back toward him. 
He hardly reacted except to grin at his own cunning, having evidently proved the point he desired to make concerning me. He waved his hand and the fire and bowl of fuel disappeared in a vapor. I sat in my chair looking at him in bewilderment. How had this happened? How could I possibly be what he claimed? 



Heritage

Tom and I had been left to ourselves within a sitting room that was comfortably furnished, located adjacent to Mr. Black’s office. He and Mr. Sinister had deferred to it and shut the door behind them. We could hear nothing of the conversation they were having, no doubt regarding my fate. 
Strangely, I began to wonder about what magic Mr. Black might have placed so as to prevent the sound from reaching our ears. The entire house seemed to be permeated with his power and presence. But at this moment, I was far more interested in what I was and what else I could do.
“Wipe that grin off your face,” Tom scolded from the high back leather chair across from my own.
We were both sitting before a massive stone hearth with a fire burning within. I realized I had been staring at the flames, remembering the test Mr. Black had just put me through and the exhilarating results.
“What?” I asked.
Tom sat forward, gripping the arms of his chair. “You think something good has just happened to you, but you couldn’t be more wrong.”
I didn’t understand his tone. “Why? What did I do?”
His eyes narrowed on me, his voice barely more than a whisper. “You just made yourself dangerous to them.”
“How could I possibly be any danger to either of them?” I asked.
“It’s about perception, Brody,” he said. “This is a war, remember? And if you aren’t for them then they’ll consider you against them.”
“I’m not a part of your war, Tom,” I insisted.
He sat there for a moment, looking at me as though I had just struck him across the face. “You must be joking,” he said finally. “Everyone is a part of this war whether they realize it or not. A mortal might be able to get by with that kind of naivety but not one of the Fae. You might not know how, but it’s just like I suspected, Brody. You’re descended somehow from the Fallen, and that makes you dangerous. They’ll want you to join them—”
“I can’t join this,” I said gesturing to the room around us. “This house, those dolls…the people out there like Sinister…it’s evil, and I serve the Lord, Tom. My faith is in Jesus.”
Tom stood up now, incensed. “There it is,” he said, raising his voice as much as he dared. “You’re on His side already, and so you say you can’t join them. But if you don’t, they’ll kill you where you stand.”
We both stood there for a moment, absorbing the reality of his words. There was no time. At any moment the door would open and death would be upon me.
“What do I do, Tom?”
I read it in his eyes. I was a dead man if I didn’t escape immediately.
“Help me, please?” I begged, knowing that for him to give me the least help would almost certainly get him killed as well.
He broke away from our staring contest, pacing around the room, mumbling to himself. “The room will be sealed magically, of course,” he muttered more to himself than me. “No windows and only two doors, definitely no way out. The walls are certainly sealed.”
“Listening to all of this, my heart began to sink ever further. Hope was waning. I prayed silently as I watched him making his way around the room. 
Tom stopped beside one of the chairs set against the wall. He scooted it to the side, looking down at the baseboard. I walked around the leather chairs, coming up behind him. 
Tom knelt next to a mouse hole that had been gnawed through the baseboard. “Could it be?” he asked.
He stuck his first finger out, prodding into the hole. He looked at me, smiling. There’s hope yet,” he said. “We can go through here.”
“A mouse hole? Are you joking? Let’s just open the door.”
Tom stood face to face with me. “Look, I know your new to all of this, but figure it out,” he demanded. “They put us in this room to keep us here. Black has bound the doors and the walls so that you can’t open or break through. But this hole isn’t a part of the structure, and he obviously didn’t know about it.”
“But I can’t become that small,” I hissed, fearing Black and Sinister had already heard us and were about to come out of his office.
Tom grinned. “Then it’s time for a quick lesson on shape shifting.”



“The boy is clearly a Descendant,” Mr. Black said. “The only question is from whom.”
He looked at Sinister standing before his large mahogany desk rigid as a stone.
“Certainly not of the Breed, my lord,” Sinister said. “I’ve never seen any of our kind control elements like fire.”
“I do not suspect the Breed or any of the other Descendant lines,” Mr. Black said. “My concern is that he looks so human. Something else is at work here.”
Sinister appeared puzzled. “If not from a Descendant line then who, my lord?”
“Who else but one of the Fallen themselves?” he suggested.
Sinister took a step back. “Is that possible? I thought the practice had been—”
“Prohibited by the Almighty? Of course it was…not long after the flood. However, all Descendant lines are easily distinguished from humans apart from glamour. Only direct Descendants ever bore so human a form. Not even all of them did.” 
Sinister studied his master for a moment’s pause. “You suspect Southresh, my lord?”
Black began to pace near his desk. “He would be the most likely candidate,” he said. “However, Southresh has not shown himself to be interested in our work in London. Of course, he never has been one that could be counted upon; a rebel among rebels.”
Sinister grinned. “An admirable quality?”
“A chaotic nuisance,” Black retorted. “Simply because the Fallen left the forced servitude of the Most High does not mean that order isn’t necessary. Without it nothing of any value can ever be accomplished. Even the chaos we create, as part of our plans, has its place within the order of those plans.
“Yes, my lord,” Sinister replied. “And if Southresh is responsible for the boy?”
Black paused behind his own high-back leather chair. “The boy is a curiosity, but bears little threat to us. He doesn’t even know who he is, or the nature of his abilities. He is not even a novice. And unless Southresh becomes directly involved we will make no move against him. A war on two fronts would be detrimental to my goals in London.”
“Then what of the boy?” Sinister asked.
“He has come into your care,” Black remarked. “It should be a small thing to turn him, make him a valuable resource.”
Sinister considered the matter a moment.
Black’s eyes narrowed upon his servant. “You doubt that the boy would serve us?”
“My lord, Tom has become fond of the boy, taken him under his wing somewhat,” Sinister said. “He informs me that the boy has stated his allegiance to our great enemy, following the faith of his pastor father.”
Black scowled at his servant. “That information should have been shared earlier, Sinister,” he said, a flame burning within his eyes.
“My apologies, my lord, but I did not think such faith possible among the Descendants of the Fallen,” Sinister said, casting his eyes to the hardwood floor.
Black straightened, suddenly resolute. “The boy’s claim to faith is of little consequence. He must be destroyed immediately.”
“Perhaps, I should remove Tom from the premises, my lord. He may attempt to interfere and he has been my most gifted pupil. I would hate to sacrifice him over this small matter.”
Black laughed indignantly. “The day you value your servants is the day they begin to control you, Sinister. I would have thought you were made of sturdier material. Now, let’s be done with this quickly.”
Mr. Black crossed the room to the door adjoining the anteroom to his private office. The room had been spell-sealed in order to maintain privacy. “I’ll handle the matter with the boy. If you want to preserve the other one then keep him out of my way.”
Sinister followed him through the doorway, pausing as his master did on the other side. The anteroom was empty. Sinister closed his eyes, resigned to the inevitable consequences of his pupil’s actions. Tom had been a valuable associate, but he had just chosen his own fate.
Black fumed silently for only a moment before turning to Sinister. “Find them.”  



Metamorphosis

Once Tom had located our way of escape within Mr. Black’s spell-sealed anteroom, the matter turned to how to get me through it. I had so little experience with utilizing this power that I had no idea even where to start. Tom, while vastly knowledgeable in comparison, lacked the patience a novice like me required.
“You want me to do what?” I cried.
“Brody, we’ve precious little time to argue about this,” Tom said. “Think about doing this the same way that you did when Black was testing you. You probably have the ability within you already. It’s just a matter of tapping into the power and directing it.”
“I only managed to turn the fire away out of fear for my life!”
“Well, in case you haven’t figured it out yet, this is worse!” Tom scolded. “Black wasn’t trying to kill you then, but he will certainly do it when he walks through that door.”
I closed my eyes, trying to figure out how in the world I was going to accomplish the task at hand. My hands were shaking. Trying to focus upon this was only giving me a headache.
Tom sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose to ease his frustration. “Just watch me and do what I do,” he said.
Tom vaporized an instant later, becoming a coil of multicolored smoke that coalesced a moment later on top of the chair in the form of a small brown mouse. The mouse threw out its hands, mimicking a magician successfully performing some great trick. “Ta-da!” Tom proclaimed in a squeaky, mouse’s voice.
“I can’t do that,” I hissed, trying again to keep my voice to a whisper.
The mouse put his paw to his forehead, shaking it back and forth. “I’ve got it,” he said suddenly. “Open your mind to me, Brody. Take my hand and just allow me to have control.”
“What?”
“You’ll sense someone else in your head for a moment, but many of the Descendants of the Fallen are able to do this. I’ll make the transformation for you.”
“I’ll try,” I said. 
The mouse held out one of its tiny paws. I grasped it gently between my thumb and forefinger, careful not to crush Tom’s hand. Letting go wasn’t as easy as I might have thought. The mind wants order, wants control. Still, Tom was right. I did sense another presence in my mind, somewhat intrusive, but manageable. 
I tried to think about the process of praying, sensing the Lord’s presence and surrendering to it. A palpable tremor coursed through me. When I opened up my eyes, both Tom and I were standing on the floor facing a much larger mouse hole. The chair I had been standing next to was now gargantuan in size. 
Tom the mouse stood before me, probably smiling, though because he was a rodent it was impossible to tell. He was now as tall as I was. Rather, I was now as miniscule as him. I looked myself over. Pinkish skin had been replaced by soft brown fur. Hands had been supplanted by tiny pink paws. I was now a mouse.
No sooner had the transformation been made than the door to Mr. Black’s office opened. The tremor of footfalls through the floorboards was far more noticeable now. Tom took off ahead of me like a flash through the mouse hole. I followed right behind, finding it easy to keep up with his pace in this form. 
The labyrinthine world behind the walls made my head spin; such were the twists and turns of our trek. Tom seemed to know by instinct which way to go, though I wondered at the time if he had any idea where we were going to end up. I had heard of rats and mice dead and decomposing within the walls of houses before. That wasn’t the sort of fate I wanted for us tonight.
Bits of plaster chipping along the insides of the walls, as well as the exposed tips of nails, made climbing easy. Our lithe mouse bodies squirmed through tight holes and gaps among the framing with hardly a pause. Truth be told, I was finding the entire experience quite exhilarating. Just the thought of having been transformed into such a creature was exciting enough for a seventeen-year-old boy. But to also have the adrenaline rush of running for our lives only seemed to add to the thrill of it all.
For a time we were vertical, but now we moved between the floors of Mr. Black’s house, traveling horizontally for a seemingly great distance. Copper piping wound throughout, carrying water here and there, a luxury for the wealthy.
“Where are we going?” I squeaked.
Tom the mouse paused ahead of me. “We have to find a safe way out and then leave the grounds. I can open a portal beyond the boundaries of Black’s estate.”
“Well, don’t you know where you’re going?”
Tiny pink paws stood on Tom’s mouse hips. “I’ve never been in this house before tonight…thanks for getting me here by the way. I’m just trying to sniff our way out, following the fresh air hoping for a hole out. Even an open window would be nice.”
I mimicked his gesture. “Hard to find a window behind the walls and beneath the floorboards.”
“Would you rather expose us to the Breed dwelling within this house? They can sense body heat quite well. They’re vampires after all.”
“Real vampires?”
“Is there any other kind?” he asked sarcastically.
“I thought vampires were only myth and legend,” I answered.
“Most of what mortals call myth and legend has its origins in the various Descendants of the Fallen,” Tom said. “I’m an elf. Have you ever thought that elves existed outside of fantasy?”
“Well, no,” I admitted. 
“There you go,” Tom said. “We Fae are masters of camouflage, but sometimes we’re found out, seen by someone who possesses the Sight. Some of the things you hear about are totally made up, but many have their origin with us.”
“Can the Breed see us through the walls and floorboards?” I asked. 
“Only the most sensitive, like Sinister,” he said. “But they can see you easy in the dark. Now let’s get out of this house while we can.”
Tom scurried on beneath the overhanging water pipes through the darkness. I proceeded on all fours, trying not to lose him. Admittedly, it would have been difficult. One of the things about being a mouse was the great nose that came with this form. Besides, Tom sort of smelled.



Mr. Sinister pointed across the room toward a chair stationed against the wall. “I smell them over there,” he said.
Mr. Black leered toward the place. All of the furniture separating him from the wall was immediately thrown to either side, parting the way through the middle. The mouse hole was revealed in the baseboard. 
“Clever boy,” Mr. Black remarked of Tom. 
“Too clever for his own good,” Sinister mumbled. 
A man, one of the Breed, appeared in the room, having come through Black’s office.
“Lane,” Sinister said, referring to the new arrival. “Just the man I need. Two clever mice have gone into the walls, looking for a way out no doubt. Find them—”
“And Eliminate them,” Mr. Black said, interrupting. 
Lane cast his piercing eyes with their red-rimmed irises toward the mouse hole then nodded. He lunged down toward the hole, transforming into a muscular rope of serpentine flesh. A moment later, six feet of black-scaled snake had disappeared inside the mouse hole, forked tongue tasting the air, seeking out its small prey.



Our winding, twisting, turning trek between floors and through walls had led us unto several dead ends, forcing us back to different routes. On several occasions we ran into magical barriers that Tom quickly identified in order to keep us from being destroyed. It wasn’t that I couldn’t see them once they were shown to me. I just had no idea what I should look for.
What should have taken all of sixty seconds in human form seemed to take us mice an eternity. Finally we emerged through a gnawed board, left by some earlier rodent, into what appeared to be a tool shed. Various lawn implements lined one wall very high up from our perspective while a push mower, with its bladed cylinder fastened between two large wheels, stood in the corner.
We wandered only a few steps before a trap of more human origin barred our way. A rat trap, easily the size of a man’s hand, sat on the cold concrete ahead of the hole we had emerged from. The spring was still set with a blob of moldy cheese set upon the little metal square that would trip the mechanism.
“Give that a wide berth,” Tom the mouse said.
“No problem,” I answered, having no need to be warned of the danger.
We bypassed the trap and walked through the small room. Tom and I searched for a way that would allow us out of the house. A small window sat high up, but it was clearly closed and locked. 
“That has possibility,” Tom said, his back to the rat hole. “I’ll just return to form and open it. Then we can scoot out through there.”
However, I had heard something else while he was preoccupied with how to get us out. I turned to find a monstrous black snake emerging from the hole in the wall we had come through. I pushed Tom out of the way with all of my miniscule strength as the beast made its first strike.
“What the devil!” Tom squeaked, tumbling across the concrete. 
I had already bounded away. The snake had followed literally on my tail. Fortunately the beast could not pursue me and coil to strike at the same time. 
 I had lost sight of Tom in my terror. I wasn’t fond of snakes in my human form, and becoming a tiny mouse had only worsened my outlook on the scaly beasts. I dodged and bounded over and under various equipment and tools lying around the shed floor, doing my best to evade the predator hot on my heels. The few fleeting glances I had of its eyes had only terrified me more. They were crimson, almost glowing with bloodlust.
A mongoose leaped upon the snake from out of nowhere. I heard Tom’s voice in the fray as the two opponents flailed in a twisting coil flopping around on the shed floor. Somehow the snake managed to escape Tom’s clutches, spotting me. 
The black viper recoiled and struck. I leaped away at the last second. The black head with its crimson eyes darted past me. I heard a sharp clap behind me. I came down among writhing coils, sure that I was about to meet my maker. But the movements were only reflexive.
Tom joined me as I stared at the sprung rat trap. The black snake had missed me, but he had hit the trap. It had snapped shut right behind the head. The crimson eyes bulged. The mouth gaped, fangs hanging ready to strike from the roof of the viper’s mouth. Our pursuer was quite dead.
My mouse heart was literally humming in my chest. I started to speak of the horror we had just faced, but Tom cut me off. “We’ve no time,” he said. “Let’s hope this is the worse we face today.”
He grabbed my mouse paw in his larger mongoose paw. Our transformation occurred simultaneously. A pair of gray squirrels now sat where the mouse and mongoose had been.
“Let’s go!” Tom instructed. He bounded up over equipment with ease, coming to the window. I followed, finding the squirrel form even more lithe and agile. Tom concentrated upon the latch. It opened without us even touching it; another bit of magic for lack of a better word.
We pushed together on the window, moving it fairly easily. As soon as we had a gap, we both leaped through, landing on the well manicured lawn outside. The smell of fresh night air was refreshing after being confined to the walls of Mr. Black’s house.
“Follow me,” Tom said, heading off through the hedge. “As soon as we get to the property line, we can escape.”
I bounded across the lawn, catching fleeting glimpses of the full moon shining down from above. The house fell away behind us and was soon obscured by shrubbery as we made our mad flight toward the boundaries of Mr. Black’s estate. I prayed all along the way, thanking God for his protection and seeking further direction and help for what we would certainly face in the future.



Pursuit

Mr. Black stood in the driveway of his gothic style mansion, surveying the vast grounds before him. In the distance, many gas lights in London could be seen. The two boys he had wanted apprehended were nowhere to be found.
Mr. Sinister came up behind him, waiting for his master to speak to him first. This matter with Tom and the boy was becoming dangerous to him. He had sponsored Tom’s promotion through the ranks of Black’s operation here in London. 
Tom had always been such a bright pupil; loyal and clever. He often accomplished with ease what others found difficult. Despite being an elf and not of the Breed, Sinister had found him a valuable right hand, often bragging of Tom’s devious ability before his master. Now that choice was making him look like a fool before a being who might very well kill him with barely a second thought on the matter.
“What became of your hound?” Black said sarcastically.
Sinister hesitated to answer. After all, it was obvious that Lane, one of his Breed, had not come back from the hunt for the children. However, there was no way to keep the unpleasant and embarrassing news from his master. He might have even known already.
“Lane’s body was found in the tool shed, my lord,” Sinister admitted reluctantly. “His neck was broken.”
“How?” Black asked without emotion.
“Caught in a rat trap while in his animal form,” Sinister hissed.
Black turned to him, his eyes boring into his servant. Sinister felt the press of Black’s power. He feared his master while, at the same time, reverencing his great power.
“Muster your resources immediately,” Black said. “I want that boy found and eliminated. We cannot risk him falling into enemy hands. Have your Breed sniff him out.”
“It will be done, my lord,” Sinister said, bowing his head.
He turned to find his brothers among the Breed gathering behind him; at least fifty vampires. Crimson eyes dilated, ready for the hunt. Preternatural muscles became taut with anticipation. Sinister nodded to them. They knew what had to be done.
Many, whose animal forms were predatory birds, transformed and took flight. The rest launched away across Black’s estate grounds, running too fast for human eyes to track them.
“I will bring you word when we have destroyed him, my lord,” Sinister promised.
His master leered at him. “Bring me his corpse instead.” 



Mary Wilde staggered from the blow dealt by her longtime benefactor. Fresh blood pooled hot in her mouth as she braced herself against the cold wall behind the tenement where she both lived and worked for Jack. Her vision blurred from the bruising she had already received tonight. She only hoped that this beating ended quickly like other nights.
“Let’s face it, Mary,” Jack said, continuing a diatribe that had gone on now for five minutes straight, “you’ve forced me to do something I didn’t want to have to do. You’ve been running off customers for too long. Are you trying to break me, girl?”
Mary started to speak, but Jack’s fist cut her off again, sending her sliding dazed down the wall to the garbage strewn alley. “No more of your excuses!” he warned. 
A knife came out of his pocket. It wasn’t large, but it would do the job. Mary sobbed before the big man, begging him not to do it. “I’ve had enough,” Jack said. “You’re just not earning your keep.”
He stood over her, relishing the moment despite his words. It wasn’t often that he got the chance to cull his herd. When they didn’t perform to expectations, Jack warned them for their own good. And when they still didn’t make him happy, they soon disappeared. It was a simple truth; one that all of his girls knew. Now it was Mary’s turn.
He raised the knife ready to cut her throat on his first pass. There would be no screaming; not that anyone would come running anyway. Not around here they wouldn’t. People knew better. Besides, no one was going to risk their life for a woman of the night like Mary Wilde anyway.
A shadow passed like a blur through the alley. Jack grunted as something hit him from the side. He stumbled, trying to cry out, but his voice wouldn’t obey. He clutched his throat with his free hand. It came away covered in blood. More drained down his chest, soaking his yellowed white shirt in crimson.
Had the girl shot him? No, she was still dazed upon the ground. Mary didn’t seem to have registered what had happened. 
Jack dropped the knife, trying to catch himself as he fell sideways. He was too dizzy from blood loss already to even stand. He landed on the cold pavement heavily. Blood continued to pour from the gash in his throat. He clutched in vain at the wound, only managing to spread the mess of it around further. 
Mary spotted Jack writhing on the pavement, blood pooling around his head. She gasped as he reached out to her for help. She did not respond to him other than to stare into his terrified eyes.
Something, or someone, sprang at Jack’s body from the darkness. The small creature hefted Jack’s head up by reaching into his mouth, pulling him forward by his upper jaw. Jack struggled weakly as the shadow dragged him quickly away into the darkness. 
Mary waited, staring after her former benefactor. She wasn’t sure if she had been rescued or merely left behind as unworthy of this creature’s attention. Either way, she felt relieved and grateful to have been spared Jack’s fate and the one he had planned for her a moment ago.
Mary stood up cautiously. These last few moments had sobered her from any stupor Jack’s beating had left her in. Her gaze remained on the place in the alley where she had lost sight of the man, his feet kicking wildly behind him. Mary Wilde backed away, leaving the alley, making her way quickly from this place where she had spent too many miserable days over the past ten years. She left without regret. She left with her life.



Charlotte drained what she could from her victim. The large man would sate her thirst for many nights; at least until she found some other mortal who had committed such acts as this man. Charlotte had watched this man, Jack, for quite some time. She had suspected he would cross the line eventually, but was never sure until tonight. The young woman he had been about to kill was of no interest to her.
Despite her heritage as one of the Breed, Charlotte did pride herself on only taking mortals who had abused others around them, or who had set to killing their own kind as this man had. She sometimes wondered about the influence her friend Oliver had on her life. After all, it was very unlike the Breed to be so discriminating about their mortal prey. Only the ability to remain undetected mattered to her kind, as it did most of the Descendants of the Fallen.
But her fondness for Oliver these many years had changed her outlook. Before meeting him, she had desired nothing more than to stay out of the messy business of revenge and war. Since that time, she had found herself inextricably drawn into the matter on the opposite side, albeit covertly.
A familiar scent passed through the alley. Charlotte turned her senses skyward where she expected to find her own kind nearby. She saw through the dark, in moments finding numerous Breed warriors bounding over the rooftops of a sleeping London. 
It was not uncommon to spot one or two at most in a single night out to feed, or on the business of their master. But this was something else entirely. Either an attack was in progress, or someone had eluded their grasp.
Charlotte left her victim’s body where it lay. She had been careful not to make his death too clean. Otherwise, the authorities would find it something far stranger than the simple murder of a criminal. The exposure of her kind would bring down upon her the collective wrath of all Breed.
The pale young girl glided through the alley, her bare feet hardly touching the ground. She leaped effortlessly to a wrought iron balustrade, up to another across the alley, and then to the roof. From this vantage point, Charlotte looked out over a veritable jungle of chimneys, smoke, weather veins, and steeples.
Despite the night, Charlotte saw her brethren traveling throughout the city. Counting those she could find up this high, she numbered at least thirty. She felt the flush of energy received from her recent feeding. If ever she was ready for a fight, it was now. 
She felt no revulsion to her act. She had been born to this, a creature descended from an outcast strain. This was who she was. And yet Oliver had somehow found a conscience within her that she had not even been aware she had. A deeply rooted yet suppressed desire to do good in some way.
As she watched them on the hunt, a desire to join in the chase with her kind tugged at her thoughts. But she would not, could not go back to living as she had. To the others she had become somewhat of an oddity. In reality she was a traitor.
Charlotte waited, watching until she noticed a large raven soaring high, silhouetted against a massive white-washed moon. Her eyes narrowed. She recognized this one, even felt a kinship with him. 
She leaped from her crouched position out away from the ledge into the space between buildings. Her form changed almost without thought of the act, becoming a raven much like the one she had spotted. Black wings beat several dozen times, carrying her aloft in pursuit.
The raven regarded her with a turn of its head as she fell in line behind him. He dropped his altitude abruptly, coming to land upon the steeple of a large cathedral. Charlotte came to rest upon the same small ledge upon the ornament. The raven returned to his human form, as did she.
The man dressed in black clothing, wearing a black bowler atop his head, regarded her for a moment before addressing her. “You’ve been hunting, I see,” Sinister remarked before turning back to observe the Breed scouring the city. “Probably another criminal.”
“Who better than someone the mortals won’t miss walking among them?” She had no intention of arguing an old point with him, but she had never been able to simply let his disdain fall upon her unchallenged.
“Humph,” was his only response.
“I see you’re out in force tonight,” Charlotte said. “Did your master misplace a child?”
Sinister turned abruptly on her, his eyes blazing with fury. She could see that he wanted to speak, but was holding back nonetheless.
“Interesting,” she said.
“And none of your concern, Sister,” Sinister replied, gaining control of emotions he rarely allowed to surface. “Remember that it is I who stands between you and my master.”
Charlotte held his gaze impassively. “I have not forgotten.”
He softened slightly then, turning back to the Breed scattering before them under the pale moonlight. “Then wish me well, Sister, and leave it alone.” 
“I always wish you well, Brother—” she said.
He was already transforming, taking flight again as the mysterious hunt continued. She stayed behind on the small ledge of the great steeple, watching him go. 
“—but I cannot leave it alone.”



Tom and I ran through fog and the amber glow of diffused gaslight for our lives. We were human again, having shed our animal guises as soon as we had reached the boundaries of Mr. Black’s estate. My chest was aching terribly, huffing and puffing throughout our trek through the streets. On occasion, we passed groups of gay voices enjoying their drink, singing merrily together like ghosts in the fog; heard but never seen. 
“Can we stop and rest yet?” I asked, following Tom and staying as close as possible so that I didn’t get separated from him.
“Not yet,” he said. “The Breed are hot on our heels.”
“I don’t hear anything.” Even as I said it, I knew that this was almost certainly because of their nature. These predatory fiends could be on your throat before even a whisper came to your ear to alert you to their presence.     
“You would do better to keep running and ask fewer questions,” Tom said. “After all, I am risking myself in order to save you.”
I hushed for a moment before responding, considering Tom’s complaint. He was right, of course. He didn’t owe me anything, yet he had certainly put himself in Mr. Black’s crosshairs by helping me to escape the man, or whatever he was.
“Thank you for that, by the way,” I said.
We ran down another alley before Tom slowed his pace, finally coming to a stop near a retaining wall overlooking the Thames.
“You’re welcome,” he said, breathing heavily. “But keep your wits about you. We’re not out of danger yet. I’m trying to figure out where we can go without them being able to follow.”
“What about your special place that you created in Faerie?” I asked.
“If I open a portal into Faerie they’ll be able to follow,” he said. “It’s more complex than you might think. There are traces left behind. Just trust me.”
And I did. Tom knew about these things that I was only just beginning to have any knowledge of. Beside the fact that he had saved me from the hanging and looked after me ever since.
“Is there something they’re afraid of, maybe a place where they won’t go?” I asked. “I’m assuming the sunlight thing doesn’t bother them since Sinister goes out during the day.”
“True,” Tom said. “A lot of that stuff was made up by people. Sunlight doesn’t bother the Breed at all, though their appearance is harder to mask in the sunlight. Right now, I wish it would kill them. We could take a portal and come out around the world where it’s daylight.”
“Then what?”
Tom looked around us, searching for the Breed in pursuit. “You need some understanding of your power, Brody,” he said. “If something happens to me, you’ve got to be able to defend yourself. You’re powerful, even if you don’t yet know how to use it. I saw the gleam in Black’s eyes when you turned that fire back on him.”
“So what?” I said. “It was just a dumb test.”
“Not dumb. Revealing!” Tom said. “Not many have that power; especially not when Mr. Black is the one testing you. I couldn’t have done it.”
That statement gave me pause since I considered Tom to be quite gifted with these abilities. “So what do I do?”
“Think about what you want,” he said. “Form your desire in your mind and then push out into the real world with it. The power is there waiting to respond. It’s really not that hard once you get used to doing it.”
“Like riding a bicycle?”
Tom smiled. “Sure, like that. It requires balance, energy and lots of practice. But, once you’ve got it, you never forget!” 
“I think I can do it, if I just had time to practice,” I said, feeling a bit more confident.
“Let me see your hand,” Tom said.
I held it out to him palm up. “Why?”
He produce a little pocket knife and slashed it across my palm quick as a flash. I cried out, clutching the wound as blood welled up around my fingers. Before I could say anything, Tom had done the same to his own hand. He grabbed my wound, clasping them together palm to palm.
“If we should become separated, I want you to search for someone who might help you. But just in case you’re ever unable to find me, remember this scar. It’s a blood bond. You’ll be able to come to me, or I to you as long as we both live.”
“Who is it I’m to look for?” I asked.
“Oliver James,” he said. “Don’t forget that name. He’s not associated with Black or Sinister, but he’s very knowledgeable, if you know what I mean.”
“If you say so, but can’t you show me some things quickly right now?” I asked.
Tom grinned in his mischievous way. “No time, mate,” he said. “The Breed are already here.”
I looked up instinctively, searching the buildings at our back. Thinking back now this is what Tom had expected. While I was distracted, he quickly grabbed my hand performed a transformation spell and pushed against me with all of his strength. My body was already changing as I fell backward over the retaining wall, plunging down into the dark water of the Thames.



Apparition

Charlotte soared high over London, keeping her distance from the hunt happening below. Vampires were now closing a circle upon their prey, the majority beginning to move toward the river where tonight’s bright moon was reflected in ever shimmering tones. Her brother was among them, organizing the chase.
It was never wise to run from the Breed. They had their ways. Of all the Descendants of the Fallen, they had the keenest sense of smell, not to mention the rare ability to see the body heat of their prey. One might get a good head start, perhaps even a city away, and still not lose them once they were on your scent.
Her raven form did not descend toward the river; not yet. She was looking for a perch where she could have a good vantage point over what was about to happen. Steeples were wonderful things, but none were available in this district of the city. However, the Breed were going to ground as they closed in. If she only remained above them atop a building, she could then see what had caused so many to be out tonight.
That they might be pursuing her friend and ally, Oliver James, crossed her mind, but Mr. Black had never done that before. It was well known by both parties that Oliver had no fear of the Breed. His great power had proven to be more than they could handle on a number of occasions over the years. It seemed unlikely that he was their prey tonight.
So who?
Charlotte’s raven form glided down, still trailing leisurely behind the enveloping presence of the Breed ahead. She heard the first explosion then, coming from a place near the river. She perched upon a beam standing out from the rest of a ramshackle construction and watched.
She spied someone running below. The Breed were in pursuit. Charlotte gasped, realizing that she knew this person; had even been at one time close to this person.
“Tom?”
But how could it be him? Tom had long been her brother’s closest companion and confidante. Why would the Breed be chasing him? Still, it did explain why Sinister had been so agitated.
As the Breed closed in, Tom attempted to evade them by phasing in and out of dimensions; disappearing then reappearing in different locations. Normally, the Breed could follow, but there was no need. Tom wasn’t materializing very far from the places where he passed from the physical world. 
Tom was a master of deception. As an elf, he had a particular flare for creating in spiritual realms like Faerie, as well as the ability to create portals to and from. He could shape shift especially well also, but he did not possess highly defensive abilities. His specialty lay in covert operations rather than overt.
The Breed were closing in. Charlotte wondered why Tom didn’t attempt a greater leap from the mortal world, take the chase into Faerie where he could more easily evade his pursuers, or disguise himself beyond all recognition. She knew that he was too good at what he did to not see a way out. It was almost like he wanted them to catch him.
Charlotte remained on her perch until she could stand it no more. She flew away from the building, plunging down toward the fray. Her brother had warned her to remain out of the situation, but this was more personal than she had realized. 
Tom stood cornered against a building, watching as the Breed warriors closed in from all sides. Sinister was at the forefront now, walking toward his second in command with a disappointed look upon his face. Charlotte lit upon the pavement right behind him.
“Brother, what are you doing?” she cried.
Sinister halted in his place, turning on Charlotte, his anger burning even hotter now. “I told you to stay out of this!”
“Why are you chasing Tom?” she asked, walking right up to him. “He has always remained loyal to you.”
“Hello, Charlotte,” Tom called light-heartedly, as if he were calling on a friend for tea.
“He was loyal,” Sinister said, grinding his teeth as he turned back to Tom. “Where is the boy? Don’t you realize Black will kill you for this?”
“What boy?” Charlotte asked. 
The Breed warriors glared at Charlotte. She was considered an outcast by most of their kind, though no one was willing to attack her. She was Sinister’s sister, but she was also a cunning warrior. So, they did their best to ignore her unless she directly interfered.
Sinister ignored her as well, keeping his attention on Tom. “After all that I’ve done for you,” Sinister said, “this is the thanks I get?”
Tom fired back at him. “The boy was innocent. He knows nothing about who he is or this war! He should have been left alone. Black did not need to know about him.”
“Unlike you, I’m loyal to my master, Tom,” Sinister said.
“You’re his puppet!” Tom shot back.
Sinister’s arm whipped out to snatch Tom by the throat. Tom’s form fell apart into the bodies of thousands of cockroaches, all of them scurrying in every imaginable direction. Some had landed on Sinister and the other Breed warriors who were all swiping the miserable creatures away. Some flew into the darkness, while others disappeared into the crevasses in the wall and cracks in the pavement and anywhere else they could go. 
Charlotte attempted to track him by heat, but Tom was too clever. Even if he had possessed body heat in this form, he was too small for even the Breed to find him, and he had left too much distraction behind. Only one of the roaches, Charlotte knew, had been the real Tom. The other thousands had simply bought him the time he needed to escape.
In his fury, Sinister began stomping at the minute beasts, but they simply evaporated beneath his boots; mere mirages. He turned back to Charlotte, giving up on a lost cause as his Breed warriors continued their futile attempt at crushing the right one. 
She grinned at him, something she rarely ever did. “Clever.”
Sinister stared at her for only a moment. “But will it do him any good against Black?”
Sinister transformed into his raven form, leaping into the sky away from her. The other Breed grudgingly gave up on Tom. Within moments they had left the area as silently as ghosts. Only Charlotte remained, puzzled by Tom’s dissidence and the mysterious boy they had mentioned. Whoever he was, he was worth Black’s time, and that would be something Oliver would want to know about.



There was no pain as my body began to conform to the animal form that Tom had chosen for me at that last moment before hurling me toward the rushing river below. In fact, had I not already experienced several transformations by now, I would not even have realized the sensation was anything more than mild dizziness. But that could have been from falling.
That sensation, like I was plummeting from a building toward the pavement, was the most terrifying. Then the shock of cold enveloped me. The dark water immediately swept me away into its unrelenting rush.
I attempted to fight the current, but it was difficult to see anything around me. However, after being tumbled about for what seemed an eternity, I began to swim with the river. I breached the water’s surface, taking in air; though it seemed I should have drowned by now. Still, it was air and a welcome sensation to my lungs.
Whatever Tom had transformed me into, for I had no mirror to see myself, I was at least a mammal having lungs. Upon inspection, using the bright moon as my lamp, I found brown fur and clawed appendages. I had seen similar creatures but needed to be sure. Checking my posterior, I found a paddle for a tail. Tom had left me safe in the guise of a beaver.
However, I could not remain in the river forever. At the very least, Tom had sacrificed himself for me. I had to do something, somehow, to help him. I only hoped it wouldn’t be too little too late.
Steadily, I swam across the current carrying me further and further away from the place where Tom had dumped me into the Thames. After nearly ten minutes of swimming, I finally reached a bank where I could take my leave of the river. Using my beaver claws and strong tail for final momentum, I surged out of the water onto the muddy bank. I had no idea where I was; if I was even still in London at all.
Crawling up higher where cool grass awaited me I stretched out. I could feel the familiar itch across my skin and dizziness in my head. The form of a beaver began to change again, returning me to my human self. Though still wet and cold, I sighed with relief when I gazed once again upon normal hands with five fingers.
Shivering took me over immediately. Though human again, I wasn’t as well equipped for wet and cold as the beaver had been. My first order of business was to find some way to get warm. I would be less than useless to Tom if I ended up freezing to death after all of his effort on my behalf.
I wandered toward civilization, my teeth chattering the entire way. At some point, buildings began to close around me again. Though I had no idea where in London I was, I did know that I was in the city. However, without Tom’s guidance, I quickly realized that I had no hope of finding my way.
When I could stand it no more I sat down within a lonely alleyway near a row of very nice homes. I appeared to be in a completely different part of the city. There were no tenements to be found. Everything was very upscale. Yet, I remained on the outside, impoverished and cold.
I sat beneath a window where within a lantern burned. To feel the warmth of it was my greatest desire at that moment. Without really understanding how I was doing it, I drew from the heat of that flame, filling myself with its life sustaining warmth. The chill within my members began to gradually but surely fade until I could actually move my fingers and toes again.
I remained there, staring at that flame, sustaining the connection to it for as long as I was awake. I had little understanding of how this power worked beyond what Tom had been able to tell me. But I was grateful for even that minute knowledge. Undoubtedly, it was the only thing that got me through that night alive. 



Lucidity

Waking from sleep, or so I had assumed at first, I arose while the moon was still clearly seen, though it had moved across the night sky by now. A wall stood before me. The lantern from which I had drawn heat still burned in the window high up. Everything seemed to be as it had been when I had lost consciousness, except for the fact that my clothes were now dry and the cold had abated somewhat.
Then a portal opened up in the wall before me. No door had appeared, but the bricks rotated inward toward an opening that revealed only more darkness. I felt no fear of entering through this portal despite having no way of knowing what lay beyond. I do not even remember the six steps that ushered me inside.
At once, I was walking down a long winding corridor where mirrors hung in space at odd angles. Each mirror cast my own reflection back at me. However, each reflection bore some strange characteristic meant to represent me in a different way.
The first showed me a likeness with at least twenty years of age added. My shoulders were broad, my hair neatly trimmed though showing a little evidence of thinning. The most striking characteristic, though, was my eyes and my expression. This image bore a strikingly fierce countenance. These eyes had seen many hard things; things that cause a man’s heart to become calloused. The image faded as I walked on.
The next mirror showed me as I was, perhaps a year or two older but no more. However, I was hideously deformed, as though I had been mauled by some terrible beast. If not for the constant involuntary twitching, I would have assumed this poor creature was dead. I moved on quickly, trying to reconcile the images I was seeing. 
How could one mirror show me well-aged and fierce of countenance while another cast me at no greater age and all but lying stone cold in my grave? Both reflections could not be true. However, they might both represent possibilities.
The next mirror did not cast me a reflection, but instead showed my father and mother sitting together. My mother’s eyes wandered toward a dark shadow moving across the wall behind them, threatening to envelope them both completely. My father did not appear to notice this element at all. Again the image faded, promoting my continuance on the path this corridor led.
Each successive mirror was the same in theme, showing me scenes that either directly connected with my life and family, or probably did even if I wasn’t aware how. I saw our steamer trip though my father and I sailed toward dark clouds on the horizon. I saw Tom hiding among the trees of a dense and evil looking forest.
I saw Mr. Black sitting in his office near a roaring blaze that licked at his form while the shadow behind him rose up monstrously with great outspread wings. The last two were of people I was sure I had never met. The first was of a young girl, perhaps a year or two older, with deathly pale skin. She was perched upon the head of a stone gargoyle looking out over London. 
I could not take my eyes off of her. Like the other images, this one was animated. The girl turned her head to look at me. I felt as though she could actually see me in that moment. Her beauty was unlike anyone I had ever seen: rich milky skin with amber curls flowing across her shoulders. Her eyes were perhaps her most striking feature. At one moment they were golden in color, almost glowing. The next moment they showed a radiant crimson.
I gasped at the change, stepping back as I realized she must be one of the Breed, like those who had been chasing Tom and me. But how could a creature of such beauty be from among so deadly and vile a people? 
Guilt filled my mind. I had judged the girl in the image based only upon my limited knowledge of her Breed. At the very least, I had something in common with her and others like her in that I was somehow also one of these Descendants of the Fallen. 
The image of the girl faded as she turned back to her overlook of the London skyline. I walked away, finding a final mirror holding the image of an older man whom I assumed must be another look at my possible future years from now. However, upon closer inspection I saw that this man’s eyes were a deep blue where mine had always been brown, matching my hair. Still, he bore a close resemblance to the former aged image of me. A relative, perhaps?
He wore a beard with flecks of gray streaking through it and a top hat that obscured his hairline. Other than the regal manner and resemblance to my older self, the only distinguishing characteristic was  the man’s black cane. A silver wolf’s head adorned the handle. 
Strangely, the man was positioned similarly, overlooking the London skyline. Only he and the beautiful Breed girl had been envisioned this way. Could they be acquaintances, or fighting on the same side against the others. Without more information, there was no way to know.
The man’s image faded like the others. The corridor lighting in my dream faded a moment later. When light returned I was standing in an elegant dining room with a feast laid out before me. A full length mirror stood in the corner.
It seemed like an eternity since the wonderful meal that the angel had brought to me. I rushed to the table, taking in the delicacies with my eyes. My hands trembled with hunger. Cakes, pies and pastries mingled with roast beef, turkey, potatoes and gravy. 
I grabbed meat anxiously, devouring handfuls. A spoon in the whipped potatoes was dipped through the gravy bowl on its way to my eager mouth. A cookie covered with chocolate and sugar then a piece of cherry pie. All of them were as flavorful and scrumptious as I’d ever remembered them being. Nothing I hated was on the table, only favorites throughout my childhood.
Within minutes I had stuffed myself and managed to make a thorough mess of the table and my tattered clothing. I happened to catch my reflection in the full length mirror in the corner. The awful image of myself standing there drew me away from the mess I’d made of the food.
I walked over to the mirror and stood before it, examining my reflection. “What a pig you are,” I said to myself. “Your father would certainly be proud of you now, wouldn’t he?”
As I noted each thing about my appearance that disgusted me, the image in the mirror began to change to suit how I wanted to appear. The more it happened the more I concentrated on the details. My hair became clean and combed. The dirt evaporated from my face and hands. I even felt cleaner as these changes took place in the mirror.
My clothes were transformed from tatters to tailored garments in my size. My wrinkled, muddy shoes became fashionable black with a shine I could see myself in. By the time I had finished, I realized that I looked like a completely different person. That couldn’t hurt with Black and Sinister and the Breed hunting for me.
The mirror faded as well as the table behind me, but my new look remained, and my belly still felt full. I could still taste the food I had been eating a moment ago. But wasn’t this all a dream? I certainly had thought so until the room faded. I found myself standing on a busy street during the middle of the afternoon the next day. I was back in the real world again. 
Almost immediately, I was set upon by a horde of street vendors, no doubt drawn in by my dressier clothing. 
“Pistachios, young master?”
“Roses for your lady, sir?”
“Black your shoes for you, sir?”
“Tell you your future, young sir?”
I backed away cautiously as hands came out feeling the material on my coat, pawing at me for valuables that might be easily taken by quick hands.
“Leave off ‘em!” 
A lad, likely my age, had appeared, coming to my aid. He quickly shooed away the worst offenders. The others, finding that they would enjoy no patronage from me, soon gave up as well. The boy’s streetwise confidence immediately reminded me of Tom and the other boys running with Mr. Sinister, though I had never seen this person before. I was grateful to him, but started on my way without speaking to him.
“Pardon me, sir,” he said as I backed away.
“Yes?”
“If you don’t mind my saying, you seem a bit lost to me….Name’s Digby,” he said, offering his soiled hand.
I shook it somewhat reluctantly. Not because he was dirty…I had just come up with this clean look a moment ago. I simply knew better by now than to trust people. Tom had proven his trustworthiness to me, having risked his life in order to deliver me safe from the clutches of Mr. Black. I owed him my life, if I could only find my way back.
“Brody,” I replied. “Now that you mention it, where am I?”
“Whitechapel,” the boy replied. “Where are you going?”
“I’m not exactly sure,” I said. “I was with a friend, but we got separated. I suppose I should head back up river.”
“Who’s this friend you’re trying to get back to?” Digby asked.
“His name is Tom,” I said cautiously. Examining him carefully, I felt like he was what he appeared to be: human. However, he could still be working for Sinister or Black.
“Older fella or young like us?” Digby asked.
“Definitely younger,” I replied.
Digby smiled knowingly. “Sure, I know the bloke you mean,” he said. 
“You do?”
“Sure, I can even take you to him,” he said proudly. “Come on!”
Digby started through the crowd ahead of me, waving his hand for me to follow. I glanced around me. Having no other alternative, I decided that Digby seemed honest and sincere enough for my purposes. I just had to find Tom. And it made sense that someone like Digby should know a fellow like Tom who got around.
I kept pace with the boy as we wound ever deeper among the inhabitants of Whitechapel. Most faces followed me with curious looks, no doubt wondering why such a fancy lad was running around down here in their world. No one else on the streets was dressed nearly so good. I worried that those curious looks might turn to disdain if I lingered. Instead, I kept up with my new guide.
Digby paused after we had rounded a corner. “Look,” he said conspiratorially, “I don’t want to offend you or anything, but those clothes make you sort of conspicuous.” 
Of course, I’d been afraid of the same thing.
“Here’s my idea,” he continued. “I’ve got a way to get us out of Whitechapel that will keep us off of the main street. I don’t want someone knocking you on the head because they see those clothes and assume you have money.”
“Believe me, I appreciate that,” I said. “And when we get to Tom, I’ll see that you’re rewarded for your help.”
Digby smiled. “Well then, try to keep up,” he said. “I can move pretty fast.”
“No problem,” I countered.
No sooner had I said it than Digby took off through the alley. As promised, I took off after him, staying right on his heels. We shot through the narrow alley then ducked under an overhang and through a doorway with the actual door missing. The lighting was sparse and the air damp, but Digby kept going and I followed.
After several quick turns through the basement of an abandoned building, we emerged on the street again. However, Digby was quick. We were down another alley almost instantly, three more turns and then running through what appeared to be another rundown building.
By this time, I was huffing and puffing but still keeping up. Digby hollered back several times to make sure I was still with him and doing all right. 
“I’m fine,” I said, sounding more confident than I felt, but unwilling to let this scrappy little fellow outdo me.
He shot around another corner and I followed right behind. However, this larger room contained at least a dozen young boys loitering within. Digby stopped. I stopped with him. Digby was smiling, but I wasn’t. Something was definitely wrong with this turn of events.
“Maybe we should go, Digby,” I suggested.
“No, no,” he said. “These blokes are friends of mine.”
Digby walked away from me as the other boys walked toward me.
“Dexter,” Digby said as he approached the oldest boy of the group. Dexter appeared to be at least eighteen. Digby walked over to him and talked with him. It was all too low for me to hear. 
The other boys had surrounded me. They were prodding at me and pulling at my clothes, commenting sarcastically on the quality of the fabric. Several hands had already begun to probe my pockets looking for money. I now got the feeling that Digby had been setting me up the entire time. He didn’t know who Tom was and had no intentions of helping me.
Dexter approached with Digby standing behind him. He seemed to be avoiding direct eye contact with me now.
“So, where’s your purse, rich boy?” Dexter goaded me with a thick stick he was carrying.
“I don’t have any money,” I replied. “I’m just looking for my friend. He runs with Mr. Sinister.”
At this point I was desperately hoping to avoid trouble with these fellows by dropping names that might intimidate them into letting me go. Dexter only laughed. This wasn’t going well. 
“I don’t ask twice,” was all he said further.
A meaty fist smashed across my jaw from the side. I hadn’t even seen it coming. I staggered, my vision full of stars, the whole side of my head aching. I reached for the power that had recently been revealed to reside within me. It was there, but my grasp felt tenuous. 
Before I could mount a defense, I heard someone yelling, “He’s got a knife?”
I know I didn’t have a knife. I still have no idea what they had spotted, or what movement I had made that had alerted them to danger. The next thing I saw was Dexter’s fist plowing into my nose. The pain spiked across my face. At the time, I had never actually been shot, but it certainly felt that bad. Hot blood washed down over my mouth. Maybe that had been what brought her.
I fell backwards, screaming in pain. Hands and feet and faces filled my blurring vision. My clothes were torn from my body, leaving me on the cold floor as the boys kicked me repeatedly. My ribs were broken in the process. My head received multiple blows as well as my extremities. I tried to keep my body protected, curling into a painful ball, but the blows kept coming amid their jeering.
A final kick shattered my jaw. Amazingly, I had not lost consciousness the entire time. Instead, I was left feeling every bit of the agony, trying to pull air into my lungs despite the stabbing pain of my broken ribs. They left me there for a moment as they rifled through the shredded remnants of my fancy clothes.
Then someone grabbed me by my ankles and started to drag me across the floor. I screamed from the pain, but they only laughed. 
I heard Dexter’s deep voice say, “throw out the trash!”
Suddenly my ankles were released. I heard a commotion next to me; the gurgled cry of one of my tormenters. Vaguely I remember hearing alarmed calls between the others. Something was wrong. They were in dire straits, but my vision was swimming, the sounds all running together as a roaring in my ears. 
I saw blood streak across the wall to my right. The sounds of chaos quickly dimmed to nothing. That’s when I saw her—the beautiful pale girl I had seen during my vision within the hall of mirrors—the same that had been looking out over London. Here she was, crouched next to me, concern in her crimson eyes, staring into mine. I’m not sure, but I think I may have attempted a smile before darkness overwhelmed me. 



Sideshow

Charlotte had waited outside the home of Oliver James for some time with no sign of the man. The boy moaning in pain behind her informed her that she could wait no longer. He was a mess from what Dexter and his boys had done to him. And while Charlotte knew many ways to kill a man she knew nothing of healing them. 
She had for a long time kept a loft nearby within the building that Dexter and his crew had sometimes taken refuge. As long as they didn’t bother her, she didn’t bother them. However, all of the commotion had forced her hand; that and the intense aroma of blood. The boy’s face and torso were covered in it, awakening the hunger that cursed the Breed. Still, she had fed recently. The boy was in no danger from her appetites at the moment.
Charlotte suspected that this must be the boy that Tom had been hiding from her brother and Black. Her suspicion had nothing to do with his age or appearance and everything to do with what he had attempted to do while Dexter and his gang brutalized him. It was the last scene she had expected to find.
The boy had been surrounded by Dexter’s boys, and one of them had just smashed him across the jaw. The boy had begun to raise his hand when Charlotte noticed a blossom of flame hovering over his palm. One of the boys had noticed the flicker of it and cried out about a weapon. Dexter had quickly punched the boy, breaking his nose.
Blood had shot out over the lower part of his face as he collapsed and came under further brutality from all sides. Charlotte had tried to refrain from interfering. After all, this hadn’t been the first mark they had tricked into their lair in order to rob them. However, this boy was a Descendant of the Fallen like her and someone Tom was trying to protect with his life. She had been forced to intervene. No one would miss Dexter and his boys anyway. One less nuisance terrorizing the locals.
She forced the window, breaking the glass but knowing that Oliver would approve in an emergency like this. Already it was starting to rain outside and she had nowhere to keep him besides. Oliver could repair the window with barely a thought anyway. 
Charlotte carried the boy inside, but found no one within. However, somewhere beyond the walls of the room she heard the din of many people gathered for entertainment. She even thought she heard the distant cry of a wolf.



The crowd waited, eagerly anticipating the arrival of the circus’s star attraction, Horatio the Magnificent, a magician of the highest caliber and greatly sought after. His travels had carried him across the British Empire numerous times, and there were always crowds waiting to see the mysterious wonders he performed.
Tonight, when his trademark gout of orange flame and column of crimson smoke delivered Horatio to his audience, he was in Hong Kong, a colony in China won to the Empire some years ago. However, ethnicity rarely mattered. Everyone enjoyed a good show.
Oliver James stood waiting, as was customary during the beginning of his performance. The moniker of Horatio the Magnificent had served him well over the years, providing him with a sensational title with which to ply the wares of his trade while still maintaining his anonymity. This profession, as well as his other business interests across the Empire, had allowed him to accumulate vast wealth including several grand estates in various places around the world.
The cheering crowd had grown quiet, anticipating a surprise at any moment that should begin Horatio’s thrilling act. The lamps were dim throughout the main tent as the first growls were heard coming from among the crowd. Several people screamed as a spot light landed on the first wolf to show itself.
Oliver, as Horatio, remained still with his eyes closed and hands resting upon the wolf’s head atop his cane. The beast crouched, approaching with its eyes fixed upon the great magician at the center of the huge ring within the tent. It stalked forward cautiously never minding the crowd at all.
Within moments, more screams came from various places all around the tent among the crowd. The spot lights found five more wolves creeping from all sides now toward the powerful Horatio. Suddenly they each sprang forward, as though signaled by some unseen cue. 
Oliver looked up, noticing the deadly predators for the first time since his arrival. His lucidity faltered as he desperately searched for a way of escape, but the wolves were already upon him. The animals lunged for him, his cape billowing around him, arms flailing. They had him, tearing at his black cape, his limbs, as he tumbled to the straw-laden ground. 
The uninitiated cried out in panic. Surely the performance had taken a drastic turn for the worse. Why wasn’t someone rushing to Horatio’s aid? Why were none of the circus workers climbing into the ring to shoot these brute beasts before Horatio perished?
Those who knew better fidgeted expectantly, knowing this was only the beginning of what they had come to see. This sort of thing was no tragedy where Horatio was involved. It was the very meat of his performance; the sort of thing his faithful fans clamored through long lines to witness. Horatio had never disappointed them yet.
The dark mass of torn and tattered cape and clothing was no longer distinguishable as being the form of a man. The wolves seemed to be searching now, having lost interest in the rag doll. Had the magician somehow eluded them? Or were they simply turning upon the crowd now in order to sate their bloodlust?
An explosion from among the wolves threw them away. The mass of torn clothing was engulfed in flame then quickly dissipated, leaving Horatio the Magnificent standing with a whip in his right hand and a large hoop of silver in his left. The crowd cheered wildly even as the wolves regrouped.
Now, the magician was in control as it should be. His fans knew Horatio never lost control. He began to bend the savage beasts to his will, leading them to perform feats for the crowd. At his command the lot of them danced upon their hind legs as waltzing music filtered into the tent, having no discernable origin. The crowd didn’t care. Their attention rested upon the magician. Had he desired, they also would have danced at his command.
Horatio had the wolves to pass before him through his silver hoop. Each time a wolf passed through, its fur changed color from gray to pink, or black to yellow with stripes, as well as many other strange combinations and patterns. Each time the crowd cheered Horatio.
Finally, when each wolf passed through it was transformed into a man, each wearing a tux with tails like the magician himself. Horatio cracked his whip and the men came running toward him, passing again through the silver hoop which then returned each to wolves of normal color. The crowd applauded almost continuously, gasping at each new conjuring. 
The wolves sat upon short fat columns now, seeming far more docile than when they first appeared to stalk the magician. At the last, he cracked his whip again. Lightning shot into the air and bounced across the ground. The wolves, each in turn, left their columns and took one last turn through the hoop. This time, as each wolf passed through, they vanished completely, except for the sixth which had not obeyed.
Horatio bowed. The crowd cheered and clapped for him. Others noticed the demeanor of the last wolf change. Surely this was still a part of the act, but why did Horatio have his back to the beast? Some called to him, just in case he had failed to notice what was happening behind him.
The last wolf leaped from his column, snarling at the magician as foamy saliva dripped from its open mouth, teeth bared. Horatio turned almost too late, catching the wolf in the act of leaping through the air toward him. At the last possible moment, Horatio snapped his fingers. The wolf burst into flames in midair and was utterly consumed.
The crowd came to their feet enraptured and exhilarated. “Horatio the Magnificent has done it again!” many said. “I’ve never seen anything like it,” others proclaimed. Horatio took several low bows, brandishing his whip that now became his wolf’s head cane again. Finally, he raised the silver hoop so that it hovered above him like some giant’s halo. When he released it, the hoop dropped over him, erasing his body from the circus big top as it came to rest upon the ground.
Oliver no longer remained in Hong Kong to hear the raucous applause that followed. In that last moment, he had been delivered again to his estate in London. As quickly as his silver hoop, a mere prop, had erased his form in China he had rematerialized here in the large sitting room outside his bedroom. 
To his great surprise, he found Charlotte in the room and she was not alone. In her arms she held the unconscious body of a boy nearly her age. He was covered in blood, though far too messy to be one of Charlotte’s feedings. His clothes hung like rags from his thin frame. He was someone else’s victim, and the fact that Charlotte had bothered to rescue him and bring him here spoke volumes about his importance.
“I did not know what else to do,” she said, dripping rain water onto his expensive oriental rug.
Oliver simply nodded. Questions would have to wait for now. The boy needed his attention.    



Broken

It was not the dawning of a new day, or the sound of birds singing, or even the chime of clock bells that awoke me. Rather, it was the excruciating pain of having my nose twisted back into proper position upon my face. Had I not known better, I might have surmised that I was in Hell itself. But my returning vision showed me a well kept room and two people standing over me intent upon their grisly work—namely me.
I screamed, attempting to launch myself out of their grip, but the girl holding me was too strong. The man sat back, pronouncing several words in a language I could not understand. The pain subsided almost instantly upon the last syllable. I lay there on a couch with the girl still holding my arms.
Focusing upon her face, I recognized the creamy skin and crimson eyes immediately. This was the girl from my vision and the same who had come to my aid when Digby had led me into his spider’s web with Dexter’s gang. She did not smile at me, but the concern in her eyes dissipated somewhat until her expression became neutral.
“Sorry about that, young man,” the older gentleman said, drawing my attention away from the girl’s beauty to him. “We have fixed your ribs and your arm already, but the nose always hurts more.”
I lay there, looking quite stunned, my jaw dangling like a dying codfish. “I know you,” I said, thinking aloud without really understanding what I was doing.
“Do you now?” the man asked, seeming unconvinced. “And how could you know either of us when Charlotte tells me this is the first time she has ever laid eyes on you. I certainly don’t recall ever making your acquaintance.” 
“From my vision,” I said. “I saw your faces in the mirrors.”
The man and the young girl cast sidelong glances at one another before he spoke again. “What is your name, young man?”
“Brody,” I said
“Brody, what vision are you talking about?”
“A hall of mirrors that I was walking through after Tom threw me into the river last night as a beaver. After I swam to shore, I got warm watching the candle flame. But then there was this door that opened up in the wall of the building, and it led me through a hall of mirrors. Some showed me myself, but others showed me Mr. Black and the two of you looking out over London.”
I paused while they looked at each other with even more uncertainty.
“You think I’m crazy, right?” I asked. “I guess that all sounded pretty crazy.” 
Then I considered the two people I was speaking with. They had to know all about this kind of stuff. 
“Or does it sound crazy? You’re one of the Breed,” I said to the girl. “You killed Dexter and the boys with him, didn’t you, when you saved me?”
Charlotte remained expressionless.
“Perhaps, your story is not so crazy to us, as you said,” the man replied. “Do you know my name?”
I sensed something as he asked the question; almost like the intrusion I had felt when Tom connected with my mind to force my power to transform me into the animal forms I had experienced.
“Horatio?” I offered.
The man grinned.
“Wait,” I said, thinking harder, picking through my first inclination to something that felt repressed. “That’s not right….Is it Oliver?”
The man’s smile faded. He looked puzzled and somewhat uncomfortable now. 
“Oliver James,” I continued. “You must be the man that Tom told me to find if we became separated. Did you just try to trick me? You offered one name while hiding your true name?”
Now the man looked quite uncomfortable. “Who are you,” he said. “Why are you here? Did Black send you?”
“I told you already,” I replied. “I was with Tom, one of the Descendants of the Fallen. Like you, right? I guess like me too. Black and Sinister sent the Breed after us to kill me because Black tested me, but I wasn’t going to join them in this war everyone keeps talking about.”
“Tom told you to come to me?” he asked.
“Yes.”
Oliver stood up then and began to pace around the room. He addressed Charlotte. “This is some plan of Black’s to use the boy to infiltrate us.”
Charlotte stood also. “I don’t believe that,” she said. “I found my brother with Breed warriors on the hunt. They had Tom cornered, but he wouldn’t give up the boy’s location.”
“Brody,” I interjected. They ignored me.
“Are you sure you were seeing things clearly?” Oliver asked her. “We are talking about Tom.”
That seemed to goad her out of her stoicism. “I’m quite sure,” she said with a hint of ice in her tone.
“What happened to Tom?” I asked, interrupting them.
Charlotte turned to me with a little more sympathy in her tone. “He escaped the Breed. I don’t know where he went.”
“I’ve got to find him,” I said. “He risked his life for me.”
“You care what happens to Tom?” Charlotte asked.
“He’s my friend.”
“Well, your friend is working for the enemy…has been most of his life,” Oliver said. “I still find it difficult to believe he would send you to me for any good reason.”
“He thought you might help me to understand this power I have within,” I offered. “Still, I don’t really know who either of you are, or anything about this war you’re all fighting with one another. And I especially don’t understand how I could be a descendant of fallen angels. I’m a Christian, not some devil worshipper! Why is this happening to me?”
I was frustrated beyond my ability to cope and I didn’t care who knew it at this point. So far, my father had been killed, I had been shot at, put into prison as a thief, nearly hung by the neck, attacked by a serpentine assassin and been beaten almost to death by a street gang. I had had enough of London, the Fallen and this war. I just wanted to be sent back home to America and left alone.
Both Charlotte and Oliver stared at me in disbelief.
“What?” I asked.
“You say, you’re a Christian?” Oliver asked. “Yet you also claim to be a Descendant?”
“I don’t claim to be a Descendant,” I corrected. “Tom and Sinister and Black all said that I was after they tested me.”
“How did they test you?”
“He forced me to push fire against him,” I said. “When I could do it they said I was one of them.”
“I saw him produce fire with his hands,” Charlotte said.
Oliver James simply stared at me with a strange grin upon his face. 
“Look,” I said, “Tom thought you might help me. If you’re not willing then I’ve got to find him again. So, will you help me or not?”
Oliver tapped his chin whiskers thoughtfully. “Perhaps.”



Bartering

Mr. Black stood upon the pinnacle of Saint Paul’s Cathedral, overlooking the city on this clear night. Gas lamps brightened lonely streets as cool wind filtered through the city. Despite appearances, this happened to be Black’s favorite spot with the dome making it the highest place in London. 
He stood perfectly erect in a black suit with white shirt and red cravat like a statue without any sense of fear. After all, the power of the air was his natural habitat in this mortal world. The rush of cool wind fazed him not in the least, for his skin was already as icy as death. 
Casting his gaze northward, Black pushed out with his power, probing every nook and cranny of every building, sending out a message to one boy in particular. He had attuned himself to the boy while testing him and could now find him, though not without difficulty.
Encircling Black’s stately form upon the dome flew a retinue of various carrion feeders and predators. Like a halo of doom they stayed their course, waiting for the bidding of their master. However, unlike common crows, hawks, vultures and ravens, these fowl creatures were Breed-born and ready to descend upon Black’s enemies as soon as they were given direction.
Like a tidal wave, Black’s energies washed over London, coursing through streets to find every late pedestrian on his way home or on his way out for frivolity. Power surged through buildings, seeking Brody West, searching for the mind that Black had touched only a day ago—a particular signature of his life formed from his thoughts and the power of his birthright.
This force only barely acknowledged the mere mortals it encountered by the thousands. However, those who were Descendants of the Fallen dwelling in the city were given more scrutiny. Most were veiled from his prying by their own powerful emanations, at least beyond knowing what they were. Having knowledge of his presence would be enough for these to block him out for the most part. But the boy would not react so. 
Black knew that Brody’s inexperience with his lineage would lend him to stronger reactions. His instincts would take over, making him vulnerable to discovery if he was anywhere near. At the least, he might reason with the boy through the transference of his thoughts. At best he would know where to send his forces in order to destroy the child before the enemy could make use of him.



I was only half asleep upon the sofa where Oliver had left me while he tended to some business. His servants prepared a late dinner for us all in the kitchen below on the first floor. According to Oliver, his house was well hidden in London by a glamour that rendered it virtually invisible. The house was also apparently located within a part of the city that no estate would ever be planted. So, it was unlikely that anyone would ever find it.
Charlotte had remained in the sitting room with me, though she stood by one of the four pane windows, looking out over London. The pale moonlight shone upon her features, bathing her creamy skin with a radiance that promoted her beauty further. She seemed not to notice me staring at her, or at least she didn’t care. 
However, my fatigue soon caught up with me, and I found myself dozing and waking only to fall under sleep’s spell again a moment later. I don’t know how long I had been unconscious when his call came to me in my dreams. But I heard it clearly all the same when he spoke my name.
“Brody?” 
Black’s silky smooth voice relayed no hint of the menace I had felt with him before. My reaction, however, was like a deer startled by a predator. A twig had been snapped, and I darted. I shot away from the sofa where I had been lying. Charlotte turned toward me from the window, her eyes serpentine and glowing. When she opened her mouth, long fangs jutted from her upper and lower jaw. Black’s voice emanated from her throat.
“I’ve found you,” she said merrily. But I could see that this was not Charlotte at all. This was only a mirage of the real girl, a mask for Mr. Black. I was still dreaming. How I knew that remained a mystery to me, but I knew it all the same. 
Everything about the room was askew from what it had been. The walls were warped, standing at odd angles to one another. Yet the room was solid, as though it had been constructed that way. The decorative papering on the walls, once a pattern of refined geometric shapes was now a scene of violence—hieroglyphs depicting chaos and death.
Charlotte’s grotesque image came toward me, blood dripping from the fangs, a snake-like tongue darting out between Black’s words. “You must join me, Brody,” he said. “I do not want to kill you. With the power that you possess, we could rule this city together. Why waste your birthright upon these feeble creatures when you could become a god?”
I wanted to run, but the door was missing. Only the window remained. However, the world outside appeared volcanic, as though a tempest of fire was whirling just beyond the glass pane. I screamed for Black to leave me alone, but he kept coming, wearing Charlotte’s skin.
“Oliver!” I cried, hoping the man who had healed me of my wounds might hear me and come to my rescue. 
Black only laughed as he backed me against the wall. “What’s it going to be, boy?” he asked. “Join me, or face my wrath?”
Vicious metal claws sprang from his right hand as he raised it to strike me down. I tried to repel him with lightning and flame, but he did not react to it. What could I do to him in a dream? Could the reverse be true? Could he harm me? Still, my terror at the sight of him overwhelmed me. I did not want to find out.
The entire building shook around me. The wallpaper bulged and peeled as blood oozed from pores in the wood behind. The flooring cracked beneath my feet, falling away in places, revealing a terrible swirling abyss beneath. All the while, Black cackled like a witch stirring her brew. 
“Lord Jesus, save me!” I cried in my desperation.
At once, the dream world shattered around me. Black’s face filled with rage before his image gave way to the real world crashing back upon me like a tidal wave. I gasped for breath, my eyes shooting open as I jumped up from the sofa. Oliver was running into the room. Charlotte was already at my side, trying to hold me down to keep me from hurting myself. 
“Brody, what’s wrong?” she asked.
I could already see it in Oliver’s eyes: he knew. 
“Black has found us,” he declared.



Standing upon the pinnacle of Saint Paul’s Cathedral dome, Mr. Black opened his eyes, smiling. His hands shot forward, marking the direction for his waiting minions. “There!” he cried. “Destroy them!”
Mortal eyes could not see the trail of light that had gone forth from Black’s fingertips. But the Breed warriors had seen it. Their formation around their master broke off immediately, heading for the place where he had marked their prey. More Breed stood upon the rooftops of London, watching the ritual, marking the same place where the carrion birds now flew. They also launched into action, becoming mere ghosts to any mortal eyes that may have seen. Black watched them go then disappeared in a burst of crimson flame.



    Charlotte shot to the window almost too fast for me to see. Even that was a blur. Her keen vampire’s eyes picked them up immediately. When she turned back to us, the report was not good. 
“Many of my kind are coming,” she said.
She returned to Oliver’s side in another blur of movement that I found somewhat dizzying, especially after the dream I had just experienced. 
“Can you stop them?” she asked.
Oliver considered the request only a moment. “Against the Breed alone, I would have no problem,” he said. “But Black will be with them. I can feel the welling of his power all around us.”
Indeed, I could sense the same urgency. Black’s energies felt much as they had in my dream, like a pressure steadily increasing all around us. 
“What is he?” I blurted out the question as my panic increased.
Oliver looked me in the eye as he delivered the crushing news. “He is one of the Fallen, Brody, an angel created by God himself. He chose to rebel against his maker. He is a devil and he is coming for you.”
The resignation in his voice seemed to cast all hope far away from me. My breath left me also. Despair’s icy fingers crept up my spine ready to devour my mind completely except for one shining thought. I belonged to God—the same who had cast down creatures like Black. Scripture sprang to mind then. 
“Greater is he that is in you, than he that is in the world,” I muttered.
Oliver looked into my eyes and saw that I had not given up.
“There must be a way of fighting them,” I said.
“We may fight, but we will not win,” Charlotte said. “When Black breaks through Oliver’s wards, my kind will kill us all. We cannot hope to fight so many.”
“Is there no one who would help us?” I asked.
Oliver started to rebuke me, but then I saw an epiphany spark in his eyes. 
“What is it?” Charlotte pleaded. Two long curved knives were already in her hands preparing for the battle we faced. 
Oliver was grinning madly through his salt and pepper beard. “Charlotte, hang on here as long as you can,” he said. “I will be back, no matter what.”
Oliver stood and strode toward the far wall, speaking as he went. He passed right through like an apparition. I got up to follow, pleading with him not to leave us to Black and the Breed. But I plowed into the wall, nearly breaking my nose again. Despite Oliver passing through, I was still barred admittance.
“What do we do?” I asked, turning to Charlotte.
“We trust him,” she said. 



Alliances

A pillar of fire exploded into being upon the roof of an abandoned factory a block away from Oliver’s window. A lone figure stood bathed in the flames. I peered out, waiting to catch my first glimpse of the Breed warriors that Charlotte had already informed us were on their way. I could see none of them yet, though it may have been due to the ominous thunderhead gathering in the sky above us. Clearly this was another manifestation of Black’s power.
“How can he do these things?” I whispered. The possibility that Black might hear me tingled at the back of my mind.
Charlotte appeared beside me, looking toward the storm and the dissipating fire that, at last, revealed Black himself.
“Angels are incredibly powerful beings,” she said, “far beyond the scope of any Descendant’s power. Even Oliver cannot withstand him.”
I considered what she was saying, but my gaze remained fixed on the fallen creature standing upon the roof of the factory. Remembering a great many Bible verses from my father’s sermons, I knew the voracity of her claims. Within the history contained in the scriptures, angels had slain wicked men by the thousands even taking part in the destruction of Sodom and all the cities of the plain.
“If Black is so powerful, then why hasn’t Oliver been killed already?”
“Honestly, I’m not sure,” she said. “Perhaps, he’s been careful enough to stay hidden.”
“My father once told me that Satan could only afflict a man as God allowed him to,” I said. “Job, for instance, could not be killed by the Devil because God would not allow it, though the enemy very much wanted to do so.”
“Why do you know these things?” she asked.
“What do you mean?”
“We are forsaken, Brody,” she added. “God does not want the Descendants of the Fallen. Why would you bother to keep His word in your heart?”
This sounded so much like Tom that I was taken aback by her statements. “I am not forsaken, Charlotte,” I said. “And I cannot believe that you are either.”
“I know what I am, Brody. I know my place within the order of things.”
I stammered for an answer, unwilling to accept her words. “You’ve been taught your place,” I said finally.
Charlotte grew angry then. She squeezed my shoulder so tightly that it began to ache within her grip. “Salvation is for humans…mortals.”
I held her gaze, pushing back the fear I felt toward this Breed girl. “We are mortal,” I said. “We might be Descendants of the Fallen, but we are also descendants of Adam.”
Her grip slackened suddenly, her eyes beholding me as though in a new light. I couldn’t help but wonder if she had ever considered that side of things before. I wasn’t sure why I had said what I had said—only that it came to mind and the words came out of my mouth. Nevertheless, it made perfect sense. In my thoughts, I thanked the Lord for helping me. However, my victory was short-lived. 
The entire house shook violently, as though a bomb had been detonated out in the street. Charlotte stood firm as I fell onto the floor off balance.
“He’s begun his attack,” Charlotte said.
I crawled back to the window and peeked out. “What’s happening?”
“He’ll pound the house until he breaks down Oliver’s wards,” she said. “Then my brother and his Breed warriors will swarm in to kill us. I’ll try to defend you, but it will quickly prove useless.”
“I can take care of myself,” I assured her.
She looked me up and down. “Really?”
I had to concede the point. Even knowing that she was of the Breed and quite strong, I didn’t feel any better having to rely upon a girl to fight my battles for me. It just wasn’t the way my father had raised me.
The house shook again, like a giant sledgehammer pounding the walls. Whatever sort of magical barriers Oliver had placed upon this place would fall very soon. I had to be prepared to fight.
I stepped away from Charlotte and the window, looking at the sofa across the room. I reached out for the power that had obeyed me now on several occasions, hoping that I might somehow control it. Tom’s instructions to bend these furious energies to my will and project them into the real world came to mind. I missed him. Surely Tom would know what to do, a way to fight, or some trick that would allow us to escape.
I pictured fire in my mind and opened my eyes to find blue flames burning several inches above my upturned palms. I turned them out toward the couch, hoping Oliver would forgive me for ruining it. After all, this whole house was about to be destroyed. Surely it wouldn’t matter.
I pushed with my will, feeling resistance for a moment. Then, like a barrier breached, I pushed through that resistance and felt it give way. Azure fire ushered forth like the breaking of a dam. The sofa was engulfed and incinerated within seconds. But now flames were climbing the walls, cascading against gravity across the ceiling above us. 
“Wonderful,” Charlotte said, now standing beside me. “You’ve set the room on fire—the room we’re in.”
The smile I had briefly been wearing for having accomplished the task faded. “I’m sorry,” I said. “I didn’t mean to do that.”
“Come on,” she said, streaking forward. 
Charlotte crashed through the side wall, leaving a hole big enough for me to follow. I passed through as debris began to fall from the crumbling ceiling I had set ablaze. We came into Oliver’s bedchamber, but Charlotte was already knocking the door out of the way leading to the stairs beyond.
Trying to stay on her heels was a useless endeavor. Charlotte was simply too fast. Nevertheless, I did my best, following her through the house. When we passed the open front door, I saw the house servants running down the steps out into the courtyard. I started to veer after them, but Charlotte’s vampire strength held me fast.
“Don’t,” she said. 
As soon as the words crossed her lips, I saw Breed warriors descend upon the servants from out of nowhere. It was all very messy.
“The fools,” Charlotte said. “They crossed Oliver’s wards. This way!”
We were off again through the hall beneath the dual staircases, running into the dining room. I had no idea whether or not Charlotte was searching for something specific, or just trying to get us as far from the fire I had started as possible. Either sounded good to me at this point.
The dining room was quite enormous, as though the dimensions of the room would not even fit within the house. I chalked it up to Oliver’s power again and left it at that. Many trophy animals lined the walls, having evidently fallen prey to Oliver during hunting expeditions. Several large bears were on display, as well as deer, and a moose. A number of fish set upon wooden plaques hung in various places around the room. There were swordfish and sharks and others I could not identify.
Charlotte paused here, scanning the room in a distracted way. “He’s not here either,” she muttered.
“Who?”
“Oliver, of course,” she replied.
The house shook again. Almost immediately the lifeless, stuffed carcasses of the animals around us came to life. They swung their arms, kicked hooves and flapped fins, all the while laughing maniacally at Charlotte and me as we stood before the great stone hearth where a large fire boiled within. I was terrified at this point, but prepared to fight back if necessary. None of the trophies came away from where they were planted.
“Stay calm,” Charlotte instructed. “It’s just Black trying to frighten you into coming out.”
She surveyed the room. “I suppose this is as good a place as any.”
“As good a place for what?”
“To die,” she said. “Soon they will breach the house.”



Oliver rushed through the undergrowth. Massive gnarled trees stretched high toward the night sky where a waning moon hung like a sickle reaping souls. Labored breathing and the rustle of many footsteps dogged his heels all the way from the portal where he had entered this particular realm. In the distance, the jagged spires of Blood Reign Castle stood upon the fog-laden moors of Wolf’s Bane.
A pixie with a long spear leaped down from a nearby tree, wearing clothing wraps made from human flesh. He had grayish skin, a long nose and recessed eyes. The Pixie hurled his weapon as Oliver ran by. Oliver batted the spear away with his cane just in time to avoid becoming the pixie’s next meal. More of the foul creatures followed hard in pursuit.
Of all the various races descended from the Fallen, pixies were some of the worst. Cannibalistic by nature, they considered human flesh a delicacy. Conflicts like war made for easy pickings, but they took their prey however they could find them. Many a missing person from the realm of mankind had actually been abducted by Pixies, never to be seen or heard from again. 
Myths about them were far from true. Though smaller in stature than a normal person, they were not tiny and did not possess wings. Neither were they precious to look at. And what most referred to as pixie dust was nothing more than a concoction of herbs that had the effect of paralyzing their prey so that they could be consumed alive. After all, Pixies enjoyed their meals best when they were raw and wriggling.
Reaching the edge of the forest, Oliver huffed and puffed as he descended onto the moors. The fog was heavy and far more dangerous things dwelt here. Oliver heard a final volley of spears, arrows and faerie curses fly astray into the fog after him, but the pixies had lost their meal. They wouldn’t dare follow onto the moors.
Almost at once, a lone howl rose above the mists. Both its range and direction were difficult to pinpoint. At least a dozen more calls answered it, coming from every direction around him. Wolf’s Bane was the domain of the werewolves, and Oliver had just run right into it.



Again, the house shook as Black buffeted the magical wards placed there by its owner. Plaster cascaded down from the cathedral ceiling overarching the cavernous dining hall. The stuffed trophies had gone quiet by now, resuming their lifeless existence, while Charlotte and I remained poised for battle. The smell of smoke had already filtered down to us from the burning room upstairs, but the Breed would almost certainly reach us before the flames ever did.
I practiced reaching for and grasping hold of the power that dwelt somewhere within me, finding it easier with each new attempt. Fire was my only trick so far, but watching the room around me had given me some ideas. A stuffed panther became the model for my next endeavor. I had no problem developing the mental image. I just concentrated on the form of the animal before me.
A moment of skin-crawling sensation later I had become the twin of the stuffed panther.
“Impressive,” Charlotte said as she watched me transform back to my human self. “Can you do any animal, or only the panther?”
“I’ve been several so far with Tom’s help,” I said happily.
She motioned toward the far side of the room opposite the fireplace. “What about that Kodiak?” 
The massive animal before us stood at least nine feet high with paws as large as my entire torso. 
“I’m not sure,” I admitted. “Although, I have been a mouse. So, I suppose sizing up shouldn’t be any more difficult to perform.”
Another quake shook the room, sending the crystal chandeliers above rocking back and forth. I took hold of the power while gazing steadfastly at the huge bear, contemplating its form and willing myself to become a living version. The tingling gooseflesh sensation I had always felt turned now to a dull ache in the pit of my stomach. Still, despite the increased difficulty, I kept pushing for the transformation.
The high stained glass windows around the dining hall imploded. Each gave way to a Breed warrior on his way through. Beside me, Charlotte shot into the air, taking the form of a large raven. I had not realized that she possessed the ability to transform into animals. 
I concentrated even more on my own transformation as the sounds of battle erupted in the room. Charlotte soared high toward the distant ceiling, coming down again upon one of the emerging vampires in her human form with long fighting knives drawn. She dropped upon his back like a rider in the saddle, lopping off his head with one stroke of her left knife.
Meanwhile, other Breed warriors were en route to me where I stood rigid, staring at Oliver’s prize trophy in the room. I could suddenly feel their heat, sense the movement of air at their approach, and hear their nearly silent steps and the fevered grinding of teeth bared to drain the blood from my veins.
With the sudden voracity of a dam breaking forth, the form of the great Kodiak bear burst out of me. I roared wildly as the sensation overtook me. Turning on my pursuers, I found several leaping back from their attack with surprised faces. Another I slapped away with a giant paw, streaking his face and chest with jagged claw marks.
Breed warriors came back into the fight with the bear, hammering me, knocking me back with strength I hadn’t realized they possessed. Still, I fought against them, killing several. Others remained elusive, too quick for my heavy movements. Charlotte flew back into the fray in her raven form, becoming human again with blades slicing through her opponents.
Realizing they were matched against more than they had assumed, the vampires began to use their own swords and weapons as well. Charlotte fended off some, retreated, drove back into them and evaded again. Strike and run was clearly her strategy, and after surviving for all of sixty seconds I couldn’t blame her.
Vampires leaped at me. I batted them away, wounding some, angering others. Swords were leveled on me, and I knew that I wouldn’t survive long in this guise. The first stab came at my back. I whirled upon my attacker, throwing him off. More moved in from the other side. 
Charlotte was too busy being chased all over the room to come to my aid. I considered other forms, though I was unsure if I could pull off the transformation so quickly with these vampires trying to kill me. A fly was small but too fragile, a bird the same. The bear had size, but wasn’t as quick. A lion or other great cat wasn’t powerful enough against swords and this many well trained killers. My hope was failing. My prayers were unspoken but many. Our ship appeared to be sinking fast and Charlotte and I had no way of escape left to us.
Then the billowing fire within the stone hearth changed color to blue then purple then green as a portal opened up within. Large creatures that I assumed must be wolves came leaping into the room from the fire. More than a dozen sprang into the battle from the portal, taking on the vampires as quickly as they found them. 
My earlier speculation, though, had been incorrect. These wolves were standing on their hind legs, having sinewy muscles like a human, dark skin and the heads of wolves. All over they were covered with varying amounts and shades of fur. Werewolves had come to our aid, and I knew enough of the stories told about them to know that they and vampires were mortal enemies.
I gained hope again as the tide seemed to turn somewhat. The vampires were forced to divide their efforts in order to fight the werewolves. I retained my bear form, taking the Kodiak on the rampage. Now, I was attacking, swiping with meaty paws, knocking vampires aside as I tried to get to Charlotte.
Oliver walked through the flames then, carrying his wolf’s head cane before him like a baton. A vampire leaped toward him, choosing a human target over the others in the room. Oliver swung the cane toward him, sending a lightning bolt from the wolf’s head into his enemy. The Breed warrior’s chest became a smoking crater the size of my head. He didn’t get up.
“Oliver!” I shouted.
He considered me a half second before realizing that the bear was actually the boy he had left with Charlotte.
“Behind you!” he shouted back.
I turned, warning off an approaching vampire with a sword in his hand. After swiping several times at him, he moved away. Charlotte beheaded him on a near pass while he wasn’t looking. Surveying the scene now, the odds seemed a great deal more in our favor. But I couldn’t help wondering why Mr. Black himself had not come to this party.



“Shall I go in, my lord?” Sinister asked.
Black stood upon the factory roof, watching the large manor house where Breed warriors had moments ago charged through the windows into battle. Now that the building’s magical wards had been dissolved, the house appeared as it was rather than as the condemned tenement it had worn as a disguise. Though disproportionate in many ways, the house was elegant in its design. However, it was clearly not human in origin as expressed by its odd angles and weird embellishments. Part of the upper floor was also on fire which gave Black an idea.
“No,” he said finally. “That won’t be necessary.”
Black raised his hands toward the house. Flames leaped up from the wood. Almost instantly, the entire structure became an inferno.
Sinister stepped forward then felt the press of his master’s power upon him, halting his advance. “The Breed, my lord,” he said urgently. “My brothers are—”
“Expendable,” Black said.



Just as the fight began to turn in our favor, flames erupted everywhere around us. The walls were burning altogether in a moment. Fiery debris began to rain down upon all of the combatants in the room. The warfare quickly dissolved as every person sought a way of escape from the furnace we now found ourselves in.
The vampires immediately withdrew to the windows where they had entered the house, but they were repelled by unseen barriers at every attempt at escape. 
“To me!” Oliver called.
The remaining werewolves, as well as Charlotte and me in human form again, immediately gathered to him. He turned and led us all into the raging fire within the hearth where multicolored flames licked at the stone but did us no harm. One by one, we each took our turn passing through the portal. 
I paused with Charlotte just on the house side of it. We watched as her Breed kind stood together, having no way of escape. They huddled together resolutely as the structure collapsed, engulfing them in fire just as we passed through to safety.



Black stood with his hands outstretched toward the manor house, watching it collapse upon everyone inside. Once the structure had begun to burn in earnest, a powerful shockwave of his power was all that had been needed to send it crashing down. The mountain of rubble burned even more fervently than before. 
Sinister stood behind his master, his eyes wide with horror, contemplating the loss of his Breed warriors, many of whom had been lifelong friends. He swallowed against the gathering lump in his throat, staring at his master’s back with hatred burning in his chest. For a brief moment, he considered the repercussions of attacking the fallen angel before him.
Black straightened knowingly. “You might consider it, but you’ll never do it,” he said menacingly. He turned toward Sinister. “You belong to me.”
Sinister held his ground, but the press of Black’s power upon him was becoming almost overwhelming. He knew with certainty that he had no hope of defeating a fallen angel. It was impossible. How could he fight the man when he wasn’t even alive in the mortal sense?
“Forgive me, my lord,” Sinister said, dropping his eyes.
“The word does not exist in my vocabulary,” Black retorted. “However, you are a useful servant to me. I will allow you to live on in that capacity for now.”
Sinister felt like biting his tongue, but the words came anyway. “Thank you, my lord.”
Black grinned and then disappeared in flame.
Alone upon the factory roof, Sinister continued to watch the remains of the house burn. He felt helpless—a feeling he had not truly experienced before. A half hour later, his self loathing exhausted, he rose into the predawn sky on raven’s wings.



Wolf’s Bane

Oliver’s portal through the fireplace, within his once luxurious but now charred dining hall, had delivered us into a land of darkness and fog, a realm inhabited by werewolves. Seeing that the werewolves had fought with Oliver had immediately set my mind at ease about them. After all, I was beginning to get used to strange creatures, especially since I was mostly convinced that I was somehow one of them.
However, as soon as the fiery portal closed behind us, at least a dozen werewolves encircled Charlotte and me. Her fighting knives remained out defensively, her eyes keen to the threat around us. I naturally assumed that the problem must lie with me.
“You did not mention the vampire,” one of the larger werewolves said. 
I could tell by the way he said vampire that he disapproved a great deal of the Breed.
“She’s with us,” Oliver said, moving between two of the werewolves to join us within the circle. “Is there a problem, gentlemen?”
Hearing Oliver call these huge hairy creatures gentlemen almost made me want to laugh. However, I was too busy at the moment trying to figure out what animal I might transform into if this situation turned ugly. I was actually favoring the Kodiak again when the werewolf leading the others spoke again.
“She will not be allowed within our city,” he said.
“Lycean, would disagree,” Oliver countered. “Knowing that I have the ear of your king, Kron, I would suggest dropping this ridiculous bigotry before I take issue with it. We’re all on the same side here.”
Kron appeared to consider his position for a moment before standing down. His face morphed into that of a man’s—the wolf quickly reabsorbed. The others with him in the circle did likewise. Their skin remained somewhat dark like people who might live in Egypt, but the fangs and fur and claws no longer appeared.
My attention darted between Oliver’s cool collectedness, Charlotte stowing her knives away, and Kron’s sneering as he dropped the matter and turned to lead us toward a castle in the distance partially obscured by the omnipresent fog. As we approached, flanked on either side by the werewolves, I noticed that this gothic edifice before us was no mere castle. A wall of immense size, stretching as far as I could see, was attached to the great building. We were on our way into the city Kron had referred to—a city that must be full of werewolves just like these.
“Stay close to me,” Oliver said to us both. “Lycean has been my friend for a long time, but he does not tolerate the company of strangers easily.”
“He’s the king of the werewolves?”
The men around us all looked at me with contempt, turning away slowly as though I was being dismissed as some young idiot.
Lycans, I heard in my thoughts. This was Oliver’s voice speaking into my mind.
I turned to him. He gave me a knowing grin. The voice continued.
Telepathy, Brody, he said. The werewolves prefer to be called Lycans, and Lycean is their king.
How are you doing that? I asked.
You’re doing it now as well, he said.
Indeed, he was right. My thoughts were transmitting to him. I could see it in his eyes. Charlotte remained outside our exchange, though her coy expression indicated some understanding of what we might be doing.
I was interested in continuing our unique communication, but the wall loomed high before us. As we approached a massive set of iron doors, they began to part. The grinding of metal and wood testified to the great mechanisms working to allow us into the city of the Lycans.
“Welcome to Wolf’s Bane,” Oliver said, as we passed through.
Within the city, a great many people passed here and there, giving us a cursory examination as they went on their way. Many paid special attention to Charlotte, probably because she was the most obvious threat. Our Lycan entourage barked orders to those who took too much interest, and the way quickly cleared so that we could enter the castle directly.
On our way in, more guards wearing their werewolf forms stood to bar the way of interlopers. They let us pass with the exchange of a password delivered in a series of growls, clicks and barks that made no sense to me whatsoever. Beyond the large wooden doors, the castle lit up inside. 
Torches and lamps were found upon all of the walls and laid out upon the tables. The light was ample but not overdone. A Lycan warrior could still pounce upon you from the shadows. Charlotte may have had the same idea. She gave these areas of shadow special attention along our way. Cages bearing long forgotten skeletal prisoners were the only thing missing from this gothic horror show. It was exactly what I might have expected to find in a town of werewolves.
However, the further we walked toward the interior the more the décor changed. We found wide corridors displaying ancient sandstone blocks, bearing Egyptian hieroglyphics. Moreover, many of the figures that I had seen within books and museums came alive with familiarity. What I had been told were jackal-headed gods and masks now appeared to be ancestors of the Lycans.
I wanted to examine these artifacts more closely, but our escorts herded us on. When we finally stopped, it was because our way happened to be barred by a set of large golden doors. Again, jackal-headed figures were prominent in the embellishments found on them. 
I was beating myself up inside trying to figure out who this was supposed to represent. I knew it was an idol god of some sort. I wanted to ask Oliver, but this was no time for a lesson on ancient Egyptian deities. My father would have known, and remembering our lessons together caused me to miss him.
As the golden doors were opened by two keepers on the other side, I suddenly remembered. The room beyond was absolutely massive, continuing in the theme of ancient Egypt. Statues of the jackal-headed god, twenty feet high, lined both sides of the room, towering above us. Sandstone, marble and gold filled the room with wonders from a world long dead. 
I had stepped back in time.
Warriors stood by the Lycan king dressed in golden breastplates and wraps that hung to their knees. I had barely registered the form of dress our escorts were wearing until now. Their uniforms were of a much plainer sort, clearly meant to betray very little of the culture that they originated from. 
Upon a golden throne in the midst of the room sat the king himself. We came to stand before him in all his royal splendor, and I said what came to my mind first.
“Anubis.” 
Oliver and Charlotte turned to me, perhaps startled that I had said anything at all. Honestly, I was a bit startled myself that I had spoken. I had truly not meant to do so. Nevertheless, the appearance of their king had startled me. 
He was the spitting image of the Jackal-headed god worshipped by the ancient Egyptians. Perhaps the difference between the wolf and the jackal in the artwork had been of little importance. Maybe the archaeologists had simply been misinformed. 
Still, here he was. His coat was smooth and nearer to brown than gray. His frame sleek and muscular; power without the menace I had seen in his warriors earlier.
Despite the surprise on my companion’s faces, the king actually seemed to be amused in his wolfish way. “What do you know of Anubis, young one?” he asked.
Now, I didn’t really want to speak, but Oliver’s furtive glance left me with little choice. You make your own bed, as they say.
“Your Majesty,” I began, “my father taught me that Anubis was one of the many deities worshipped by the ancient Egyptians. If I’m not mistaken, he was considered to be the Lord of the Dead.”
We all waited for the king’s response. After a moment’s pause, he rose to his feet. His appearance changed quickly—the wolf absorbed and replaced by the form of a man. With his olive skin and regal bearing, he looked just like one of the pharaohs of old. 
“Are you Anubis, Majesty?” I asked, unable to contain the question any longer.
“I am not Anubis,” he said. “However, I am descended from him. You see, young one, Anubis was one of the Fallen. He only took the form of a canine. His descendants possess this same characteristic.”
“Where is he now?”
“I do not know, neither does it matter,” he said in a rich, deep voice. “We are all that is left of Egypt’s glory. We once ruled over an empire like no other, an empire that is still talked about with wonder. But the Lycans are all that is left of that wonder.”
He strode down the half dozen steps separating us to take Oliver by the hand. Our Lycan escort fell away upon his approach, perhaps fearing the report of their conduct that Oliver might deliver unto their king. He was a handsome man, but would have been totally out of place in today’s society. He was quite proud of his culture, even if it had long ago passed away from the world. Imagining him in a proper suit was nearly impossible.
“Lycean, this is Brody West,” Oliver said by way of introduction. 
King Lycean did not offer to shake my hand. However, he did at least acknowledge me with a friendly nod of the head.
“You are a curious fellow, Brody,” he said. “You are welcome within my kingdom.”
“Thank you, Majesty,” I replied with a slight bow. “I look forward to learning more about the Lycans and your culture.” 
Lycean’s gaze then fell upon Charlotte. She had been watching him all this time with an intensity that betrayed a long history of hatred between the Breed and Lycans. He turned back to me unexpectedly. 
“I think that is a wonderful idea, Brody,” he said. “In fact, my daughter Sophia would be happy to escort you through the gates of our wonderful city, Tidus.”
The king indicated another golden doorway to our right where a young girl near my age stood waiting. She was wearing a traditional sand colored, Egyptian-styled dress with the customary ornamentation. Her wavy hair fell over her shoulders dark as a raven’s wing. She was exquisitely beautiful, and her eyes were fixed on me.
“Now, is as good a time as any to see how we Lycans really live,” Lycean said.
“But I thought we had already come through the city,” I said.
“Not at all, young man,” Lycean said. “Our true heritage is preserved in Tidus. The village you saw is merely what we allow others to see of us. There is so much more.”
I looked to Oliver for assurance. He smiled at me, patting my shoulder. “Go ahead, Brody. I’ll catch up.”
I nodded and then walked toward the young princess, Sophia, waiting by the golden doors. She smiled very faintly, deferring her eyes a little as I drew near. The doors opened to us as she gestured for me to enter. I held back my smile, attempting to seem very serious.
“Thank you, Princess,” I said as we walked through together, leaving Oliver and Charlotte in the company of Lycean and his Lycan warriors.



Dysfunction

King Lycean waited for Brody and his daughter to pass through the golden doors into one of the royal anterooms. From there they would proceed down to the gate corridor and the city of Tidus beyond. Oliver had been to Tidus many times and felt completely at ease concerning Brody’s safety. However, the current situation within the throne room was a different matter.
“I do not recall giving you permission to bring one of them to my realm,” Lycean said to Oliver.
“She is my friend and a valuable ally,” Oliver attempted to explain.
“The Breed are not my friends, neither are they my allies,” Lycean said.
Standing nearby, Kron gave Oliver a sly smirk. He was enjoying this immensely after their little showdown on the moors.
“She reeks of her brother’s stench,” Lycean continued. He turned to Charlotte then. “Oh, yes, I know exactly who you are: the spawn of Hageddon and sister of Sinister.”
Charlotte ground her teeth at the accusation. Lycean was right, of course. She was descended from the angel, Hageddon the Breed King, as was Tiberius her father and Sinister her brother. But that didn’t mean she followed after their ways.
“Charlotte has been nothing if not loyal to me and our cause.”
“Your cause, Oliver?” Lycean said. “I care little about what happens to mortals.”
“A war on mankind will draw Heavenly fire upon us all,” Oliver countered.
“As you’ve said many times. But we still prefer to distance ourselves from the conflict. It is only our long friendship and the debt I owe you that has caused me to offer my help at all.” Lycean glanced at Charlotte again. “I did not expect you to abuse our relationship by bringing the enemy within my camp.”
Oliver did not immediately answer. He knew the prejudice between the Breed and the Lycans too well to believe that his words would overcome it in a day. In fact, he had spent many days in the attempt before now, and very little had changed. Still, the fact that he and Charlotte were alive did testify to some progress.
“Lycean, I apologize for offending you,” Oliver said. “It was not intentional. Please understand, I had little choice with Breed warriors swarming through my home in London. Charlotte brought the boy to me, saving him from her own kind. She fought bravely, side by side with your warriors, against her brother and the Breed. Knowing you to be a gracious king, I had hoped you would take those details into consideration.”
Lycean did not immediately answer. Charlotte watched him suspiciously. Oliver maintained a penitent if hopeful expression. When the king spoke again, he was noticeably less agitated.
“I can appreciate your willingness to fight against your own kind,” he began with Charlotte.
Charlotte interrupted him. “I am not fighting against my people—only those who are following Black.”
Oliver waited for the inevitable eruption of Lycean’s temper, but the king managed to keep it in check.
Lycean stepped nearer to her. “Your tongue may kindle a fire that you are unable to extinguish, young woman,” he said. “Testing my patience would be unwise.”
Charlotte looked as though she might speak again, but she glanced at Oliver. Seeing his expression, she thought better of it.
“As I was saying,” Lycean continued, “I can appreciate where your allegiance now lies. However, I am the ruler of a proud people. And they do not want you here. They would tolerate even less you being allowed to enter into our sacred city of Tidus. And since that is where we must go, you have few options available here.”
Oliver started to make his own suggestion, but Charlotte interrupted him. “I’ll go back to London,” she said. When Oliver began to protest, she added, “I can keep an eye on what Black and my brother are doing. We can meet up later, after you’ve conducted your business here.”
Oliver smiled. “Are you sure? I don’t want to put you in any danger. Black may believe that we perished in the fire. If they find you in London, they will know that Brody is alive also.”
“The boy will be safe in Tidus,” Lycean assured them. 
“He’s right,” Charlotte said. “Besides, I doubt very much that Black would simply assume we were killed so easily. I think he expects more from you than that.”
Oliver nodded. He had already considered that to be likely. Black would not be outsmarted by a simple escape through a portal. But that also meant he would have his minions watching for them to reappear in London.
“Please be careful,” Oliver said. “I’ll send you to my house in Yorkshire. It has not been compromised.”
Charlotte and Lycean regarded one another a final time before the passing of Oliver’s hand sent her through one of his portals to Yorkshire. She disappeared completely from the king’s throne room with a mere shimmer, like ripples on the surface of a pond. Hopefully, she would not be discovered. However, like it or not, Black would still be searching for the boy. 
There was a war raging for control of London, but Black had diverted his energies to finding the boy. He had to find out why Brody was so important to the angel. And he was running out of time.



The House of Commons lay below Black’s high perch where he was seated upon an ornamental chandelier in order to watch the spectacle about to take place. His presence did not interfere with the light fixture in any way, neither did he currently possess any mass that might cause it to sway or fall. He was simply present in spiritual form, enjoying the political wrangling as one might enjoy a day at the park.
Black absolutely adored politicians—all the lying and cheating, the lust for power and the scandals. He enjoyed the wonderful irony of it all. The best men for the jobs were entirely unelectable, while the worst men pandered to the general populace and were ushered in with flying colors.
Today’s election, of sorts, would be far more dramatic—at least for the politicians involved below. In the House of Lords it would be the same. A coup of London’s power base was underway.
Sinister’s Breed stood watch so that none might manage to escape. But this was merely a technicality. The dolls rarely lost anyone they were sent for, though a few citizens had been more trouble than they were worth. A second attempt had been all that was necessary to collect them in the end.
Of course, some of these politicians had already been taken previous to this session. They sat in their seats making no political arguments among the other wranglers. Dolls were not humans. They were purely creations of spiritual power. Some might even call it magic, but that definition left too much to be desired.
Black savored the moment as long as he could stand. The tension in the room from the mortals alone was palpable. As it began to wane, Black called to his creations. He spoke words that no mortal tongue had ever uttered in a language that had originated in the heavenly realm.
“Se bli estueri,” he whispered. 
The dolls heeded the call of their master to bind with those mortals whom they had been linked to in their manufacture. For over a year, Sinister’s boys, as well as other groups, had been taking personal belongs from anyone and everyone they came across throughout the city. These personal affects had then been incorporated into the dolls once they were fashioned in the various sweatshops Black had established around London.
Without the binding spell, which he used to give the dolls life, they remained mere burlap sacks stitched with button eyes and thread for mouths. However, Black had not only infused these creatures with his power, he had utilized a master key within the spell, binding the life of the dolls to a powerful Descendant of the Fallen. The dolls could not be truly killed and their mortal hosts released while this individual lived.
Black grinned devilishly as the dolls moved from their chairs. It had been necessary to have active dolls facilitate the takeovers by new dolls. Some things just had to work in particular ways. As far as Black was concerned, that element simply added to the fun, increasing the terror of the individual.
Twelve dolls in human form stood among their political peers. Each opened their mouths, beginning to wretch violently. However, it wasn’t vomit but burlap and straw that issued forth onto the floor. This much simultaneous commotion had caused everyone to stop and take notice. At first the mortals tried to assist their comrades. After they realized what was coming out of their fellows, they stood back in horror.
Sacks fell out onto the floor, inflating like balloons, even as others issued forth after them. The inflating dolls took more human forms with button eyes, threaded mouths and straw for hair. As if this had not already been bad enough for those present in the chamber, the parliament members could not manage to find a way of escape. And the dolls had begun to leap upon their intended victims, lashing them with chains and dragging them into their yawning body cavities.
Hundreds of men screamed bloody murder as they were overcome by Black’s creatures. Their cries rang throughout the House of Commons like music to his ears. The Breed simply watched the drama unfolding, though a few looked rather hungry. Left to their planning, London would have become a killing field. However, Black’s takeover would be more subtle. Only those experiencing it would know about it. At least as far as mortals were concerned. 
The Descendant races were very familiar with this war. Most of them either endorsed humanity’s downfall, or remained impartial about it. They fought to gain what had always been denied them, like the Breed, or they desired to be left out of the matter, as did Lycean and his Lycans.
The only problems were rare individuals, like Oliver James, who opposed him. They were dangerous to his cause, undermining his efforts among the Descendants. Best to deal with them swiftly and be done.
However, Oliver had so far been quite clever. Almost certainly he had managed to escape the destruction of his disguised manor house a night ago. If only he weren’t so limited by the Heavenly realm in these matters. Nevertheless, it had been this way even in the days of Job. The Fallen could only go as far as they were allowed by the Almighty with regard to humanity.
Some things were forbidden. Others, like this assault upon Parliament, oddly were allowed to go on. Black did not pretend to understand why matters were ordered this way. He simply took advantage of every opportunity that he could find to fight back. As far as he was concerned, the one sitting upon the eternal throne remained woefully out of touch with what was happening upon the Earth. He had no other explanation for why his plan remained on track before a supposedly ever-watchful eye.   
Black nodded to the Breed warrior currently overseeing the others, then he vanished from the room. Materializing out in the street, Black began walking. No one outside of Westminster Palace appeared to have any idea of the horrors taking place within its walls.
Dressed in all his finery, with black cape, top hat and cane in hand, Black made his way at a leisurely pace, waiting upon his servant to arrive. He had summoned him by thought a moment ago and knew that Sinister would arrive within moments. He was an obedient servant and had always been very reliable. Only his recent thought of rebellion had tarnished that impeccable record. 
Black smiled beneath his hat, savoring the moment again when Sinister contemplated taking action against him. He might have been a valuable servant, but he was certainly not irreplaceable. Black simply delighted in the torn emotions of anyone around him.
He had known that Sinister’s sister was with Oliver and the boy that night. And Black had known the kind of reaction he could expect from Sinister when he destroyed his Breed warriors in the fire. He didn’t have to be able to read minds in order to know that Sinister would consider betraying him in anger.
However, rather than act on that desire, Sinister had backed down. He had been left feeling disgruntled, fearful and hopeless to do anything except obey. That was exactly how Black wanted his servants: knowing that their loyalty could not simply be withdrawn. They had no other choice.
A raven’s shadow passed overhead. The next moment Sinister was walking beside him. Pedestrians completely ignored the transformation. Almost all Descendants had some ability to weave a glamour in order to protect their true appearance, and most mortals never noticed the difference.
“My lord,” Sinister began, “all scheduled acquisitions for the next month have been reset for today, as you commanded.”
“Excellent,” Black said, walking leisurely down the sidewalk, his cane tapping out the cadence of his stride.
“I trust the acquisitions at Westminster are going well?”
“As planned,” Black noted. He could sense some need for reassurance in his servant’s tone. Good. Sinister was obviously still uncomfortable about their near confrontation the other night. Best to keep him anxious.
Sinister nodded, but did not say anything further, waiting on any command his master might have for him.
“Any news of the boy?” Black asked finally.
“None, my lord,” Sinister said. 
“There will be,” Black confirmed. “Oliver James may be an adversary and a fool, but I have not found him to be without cunning. “They have escaped for the time being, but they will be found.”
This was no suggestion, but fact. Sinister understood this.
“Yes, my lord,” he said. “We will keep a watchful eye for any signs that they have reemerged in London.”
“You do that,” Black said. He stopped and turned to face Sinister. “That includes any sign of your sister.”
Sinister’s hands clinched into tight fists, the knuckles making an audible popping. Now he knew what he had not known earlier. His own sister had gotten involved in Mr. Black’s business. She had finally stepped over the line. He could no longer defend her actions or her life. And, quite possibly, he would be called upon by his master to perform the awful deed. Black grinned just before his human form evaporated like smoke on the wind, leaving Sinister standing alone on the street. 



Tidus

The corridor leading us away from King Lycean’s throne room contained painted hieroglyphs much like we had seen in the outer hall. However, these were even more detailed and had been maintained with such care that I might easily have mistaken them for having just been carved and painted. Sophia walked beside me, watching me as I looked around us, pretending not to be looking at her. I thought that perhaps she wanted to ask me something, but she kept silent. 
We came to a massive golden gate. Beyond the gate there was movement, but somehow the view was clouded so that everything seemed indistinct. As we approached, the princess spoke a word I did not recognize. The gate parted before us, allowing us to pass into the city beyond.
Whereas the activity and landscape had previously been indistinct, now it came into vivid colorful focus. We had stepped out onto a massive courtyard that descended by steps to the streets below. A fertile valley spread out away from us on all sides, surrounding Tidus which was nestled at its heart like a jewel. Every building had been constructed of marble and sandstone and adorned with precious stones and wrought gold. 
The inhabitants were dressed in the linen tunics and skirts common to ancient Egypt. The past had come alive here. To my surprise, almost everyone was walking about in their human forms. Only the soldiers wore the similitude of Anubis. 
“Wow,” I said, surveying the city.
“You are pleased by what you see?” Sophia asked.
“It’s absolutely beautiful, Princess,” I replied. 
Truly, it was difficult to pull my gaze from the splendor of it. To see Egypt now, one might never be able to comprehend its former luster. But here in Tidus grasslands and a river that flowed through the heart of the city complimented the glory of Lycean’s dynasty.
Almost immediately, I took notice of great blocks of sandstone drifting over the ground. I thought for a moment that my mind might be playing tricks on me. The blocks appeared to be moving all by themselves. There were men around, but no one was actually pulling or pushing them with ropes.
“How are they doing that?” I asked, gazing in wonder.
Sophia peered after me. “Oh, that construction?”
“Yes, how are those blocks moving all by themselves?”
“They’re not,” she said. “Movers push or pull the blocks, while the Shapers fashion them into different shapes.”
“I don’t understand. What are Movers and Shapers?”
“We could go watch them, if you like,” Sophia said. “Of course, it’s some distance unless you transport us there.”
“Transport us?”
“Yes, like your father does all the time,” she replied.
“My father?”
“Isn’t Mr. James your father?” she asked.
“No, he’s just a friend who’s helping me.”
“Oh, really?” she replied with a puzzled look. “I just assumed, because you both look so much alike, that you must be his son. I’m sorry. I thought you were a great Superomancer like he is.”
“What’s a Superomancer?” I asked.
“Someone who can do all the kinds of things that Mr. James can,” she said. “I’m not sure of the definition. My father used the term. I guess you aren’t who I was expecting.”
That stung my pride a bit. After all, at the moment, I would have liked to be whoever she wanted me to be.
“Well,” I said, “I can do some things.”
“Really, like what?” she asked, perking up.  
My pride had now put me on the spot all for the sake of a beautiful young girl. I wanted to thump myself in the forehead for even opening my big mouth. “Well,” I began, my mind going completely blank, “I can change into different animals. I fought the Breed as a Kodiak bear.”
“That’s interesting,” she said in a way that wasn’t exactly convincing. 
What was I thinking? This princess changed into a wolf at will along with her entire race. Animal transformations weren’t going to impress her at all. I vaguely wondered why I was trying to impress her at all. Nevertheless, my mouth kept opening aforethought. 
“I can also control fire,” I offered, hoping that might be more interesting. Really, how was I supposed to know? These descendants of the Fallen were able to do all sorts of things that I had never seen before. They dwelt in realms beyond the mortal world, or at least secretly in conjunction with it. Why would any ability I possessed cause the slightest bit of wonder for a girl like Sophia?
“Fire?” she asked as though she hadn’t quite heard me.
“Yes,” I replied, feeling a bit better about saying it.
Sophia swallowed noticeably then, and her eyes seemed to dilate as though she were in danger and about to bolt away from me.
“What’s wrong?” I asked.



Oliver and Lycean stood upon a high balcony overlooking the grand city of Tidus. From this vantage point they could see the river flowing between the massive pillars of the magnificent Temple of Anubis. There were many great temples within Tidus, though no one worshipped at them. They had been erected as monuments to Lycan ancestors of particular importance. For the most part, they provided spacious gardens and pools of water for the enjoyment of the people. Oliver and Lycean watched Brody and Sophia walking slowly toward the construction of one of these new temples. 
“Does the boy know?” Lycean asked.
Oliver watched Brody as he talked with the princess, making their way through one of the gardens and past a fountain with curls of water jutting from it. His shoulders sagged. He sighed before answering.
“He has no idea,” Oliver said. “I’m still not sure myself.”
“Really?” Lycean asked. “From what you’ve told me, I would have thought it an easy matter to discern. He has the ability to control fire, likely the other elements as well. He can perform animorphosis at will. Just because you haven’t tested him on the other things doesn’t mean he lacks them. He’s just like you, Oliver. He even looks like you.”
Oliver sighed again, casting a sidelong glance at Lycean.
“That in of itself should have told you something,” Lycean said. “No wonder Black wanted him destroyed. Having you for an adversary hasn’t done him any favors.”
“The boy is unprepared for this,” Oliver said.
“You know it must be done,” Lycean countered. “Otherwise, you’ll end up facing Black again, and you won’t be so lucky. As soon as he can strike, he will. You’ll be powerless to stop him, and the boy will die. Better to take your chances on your own terms while you can.”
“I suppose you’re right,” Oliver conceded.
Lycean looked out over Tidus to his daughter and Brody. “At least you can give the boy a night in Tidus before you have to go. He’ll have our grand city to remember.”
Oliver smiled as he watched the two adolescents far away now. “I think it may be a young woman that he remembers the most about this visit.”
Lycean gave him a stern look. 
“Then again, you won’t be staying that long,” he said. 
They both eyed one another for a moment before breaking into mild laughter.
“Come, Oliver. The children can see to themselves for awhile. I can at least see to it that you have a feast before you depart.”
Oliver clapped a hand on Lycean’s brawny shoulder. “My friend, considering where we’re going, I accept.”



It bothered me that Sophia was avoiding the subject of my being able to control fire. The look she had been giving me while we walked toward the construction site was a mixture of fear and awe. I didn’t like it. After all, considering all of the other things I had seen so far, what was the big deal about controlling fire?
“Please, Princess, I feel I’ve made you uncomfortable,” I offered. “If that’s the case then I’ll leave you and see that Oliver and I depart soon.”
Leaving was actually the farthest thing from my mind. I was enjoying Sophia’s company, and Tidus was simply a marvel to behold. However, I hoped she wouldn’t want me to go as much as I didn’t want to go.
“It’s not that,” she said. “I’m just surprised. Not many can do what you say…not many at all.”
“But why not?” I asked. “I’ve already seen things that boggled my mind. Surely those who control fire can’t be so few.”
“It’s just that we receive the gifts and talents and abilities of those we are descended from,” Sophia said. “My people descended from Anubis as you’ve seen depicted on the walls that show our history. He was one that elevated an entire civilization. There were many born to him in ancient times and many have been born in our line since.”
“What about me and the line I came from?” I asked.
“Not many,” she said, but I could tell there was more to say.
“Do you know who I am descended from, Sophia?”
I could tell that she knew, or thought she knew. It was written all over her face, and she seemed afraid of that knowledge somehow. I was beginning to be afraid as well, but I felt that I had to know.”
“Please, Sophia. I only desire to know how I came to be the way that I am. Is that so wrong?”
“No, of course not, Brody,” she said. “But I think that is something that Oliver would want to discuss with you. My father would be very angry with me, if I took it upon myself to reveal things that might not even be true. After all, I’m really not very knowledgeable about such things.”
I wanted to believe her, but I didn’t. It was obvious that she knew better than she was letting on. But I decided that I would leave the matter alone for now. I could discuss it with Oliver later as she had suggested. After all, I didn’t know how much time we might have together and I wanted to enjoy Sophia’s company while I could.
When we finally reached the construction site, the large block I had seen from the initial gate into the city had already been positioned into its place. However, another was already in transit. As I had seen before, many men were present overseeing the move, but none of them were actually touching the stone which stood almost two stories.
“How is that possible?” I asked Sophia.
“Look there,” she said, pointing. “Those men are Movers.”
I watched the men more closely now. They held their hands toward the great stone seeming to push against the air. In fact, there were nearly thirty of them performing this levitation of the block in conjunction with one another. Each of the Movers concentrated intensely on the task. Slowly and carefully the stone moved through the air, ascending now to its position in the new temple.
Others stood near what would become its final resting place. These men worked their hands frantically in various patterns. As they did so, small pieces of the block were shaved away along with a great cloud of dust. By the time they were through with these gestures, the block had taken on a more precise appearance. It was then lowered into place by the Movers, and seemed to fit almost perfectly. Upon further scrutiny, the two men, one on either side, made a few more gestures, removing a bit more stone, so that its weight settled it even more securely in the building.
“Are those the Shapers you mentioned?”
“Exactly,” Sophia replied. “The Movers were born with the ability to move objects with their minds. The Shapers are simply Movers using more controlled forces upon the stone to cut away and shave the blocks so that they fit well together.”
“How long have you built structures using these methods?” I asked, admiring the precision with which they worked.
“For millennia Movers and Shapers have been among the Lycans, building the kingdom we rule,” she said. 
“I had no idea Lycans had such abilities.”
“They are not Lycans,” she said. “However, once my ancestors realized their particular abilities, they were offered high positions as architects within the kingdom. They are handsomely rewarded for their talents.”
“I’ll bet that power makes them great fighters.”
“Most enjoy this work better,” Sophia observed. “However, we do have several Movers that have honed their skills to become assassins for my father.”
“Could I talk to any of them?” I asked, desiring to know more about their special abilities from the source.
“We mustn’t interrupt them while they are building,” Sophia said. “If they were to lose their concentration while moving the great stones lives might be endangered. The building might even collapse.”
“Of course, Princess,” I said, feeling guilty for even asking. “I wasn’t thinking.”
Sophia touched my shoulder then. “I didn’t mean to insinuate any wrong on your part, Brody.”
I smiled at her and she returned the gesture.
“Thank you for showing me around, by the way,” I said. “I’m really enjoying my time with you.”
“Perhaps you would like to see our library? My father will expect us for dinner, but we still have some time.”
“I would love to,” I said eagerly. “Please lead the way.”



Reconnaissance

Charlotte remained upon her perch in the form of a raven, watching the dark street for more Breed activity. She knew she was taking a risk of being discovered, but as far as she was concerned, Black had not been fooled by their escape during the fire. Below her, several pedestrians stood beneath a gas lamp smoking, discussing grievances with their work situation. A bit further down, slightly obscured by fog, a local bobby walked his beat, whistling a little tune. A shop owner could be seen in his storefront, putting away merchandise and preparing to close up for the evening. 
She had not simply happened by this particular spot tonight. Charlotte had caught the scent of her kind. They were somewhere nearby and for some dark purpose other than feeding. She had spotted many more dolls recently in London than she might have expected. Still, no reports had been printed in the newspapers. 
Oliver had warned of Black’s masterful methods early on. He would takeover in government and law enforcement and media before the dolls worked on the general population. Otherwise, an alarm would be sounded to the public at large. This way, even if people managed to escape and make reports to the police or reporters, those reports would go nowhere. London’s demise would come as quietly as a cancer, consuming in silence until it was too late to do anything to stop it.
Then she spotted them.
Three rats were loitering near a trash can at the mouth of an alleyway that ran between the shop and the adjacent building. They appeared as rodents, but Charlotte knew their true forms. These were Breed warriors and they appeared to be waiting for something to happen.
Out of the corner of her eye, Charlotte noticed the shop owner turn suddenly, facing something unseen that had surprised him from behind. The man screamed bloody murder. The two men standing beneath the street lamp started toward the shop. The policeman heard the scream and broke into a run.
Charlotte watched through the storefront window as one of Black’s dolls hoisted the man off of the ground by his shirt, its belly opening in preparation to devour him. He was still screaming loudly, attracting the attention of these other men. The rats didn’t appear to be concerned. They simply watched as the two men and then the policeman arrived at the front of the store.
When the men saw what was transpiring inside, they immediately jerked the door open, allowing the policeman to push through into the front of the storeroom. The doll did not react to them. But the Breed warriors did. 
Scurrying to the doorway, they waited there. The policeman attempted to rescue the shop owner, beating the creature with his baton to no avail. Suddenly three more dolls came into the room with them. Chains shot from the dolls, trying to ensnare the men. The policeman was taken quickly, while the other two ran for the door. The rats resumed their true forms as vampires, rising before the men, tossing them back into the waiting arms of their respective dolls.
Charlotte watched the efficiency of it all. They had managed to draw in and capture four men without anyone else taking notice. If they were doing that here, how many other abductions were taking place night after night?
Black’s voice came to her from behind. “I trust you’re enjoying the view.”
Charlotte turned her raven’s head to find Black standing behind her, poised upon a beam as easily as a gymnast. She leaped into the air, taking flight. Black’s laughter followed her into the sky. She had been discovered!
The raven ducked down among the streets again, beating a hasty retreat, hoping to put obstacles between her and Black. Charlotte had no illusions about her chances fighting against a fallen angel. After nearly ten minutes of flight and miles of distance from the shop where the abduction had just taken place, she lighted in a dark alley. Returning to her vampire form, Charlotte tested the air, hoping to find no one following her.
She could detect no one around. Only the scent of humans came to her keen senses. 
“So, you’re alive after all,” Black said behind her. 
Charlotte whirled with one of her blades in hand, slashing at the figure behind her. The reaching hand was lopped off. Black only laughed as another formed instantly to replace the appendage. He then stepped forward, using that same hand, smashing her across the face. 
Charlotte flew backward, striking the wall so hard that brick and mortar crumbled beneath her. She was dazed, seeing two Black’s approaching gingerly from the dark. He was confident in his power, which was palpable in the alley between them. Charlotte felt real fear in his presence. She had no hope of fighting him off—none at all.
Her eyes darted around the alley, looking for something she could use, some way of escape, anything.
“Where is the boy?” Black asked.
Charlotte felt the angel’s mind pressing upon her, trying to bend her to his will.
“Why do you want him?”
“To destroy him, of course,” Black said.
She was surprised by his candor. But she realized it was simply his vanity. Black had no fear she could discern. He simply wanted the boy dead and he didn’t care to tell her so.
“Give him to me, and I might consider giving you a death free of pain.”
“I don’t mind pain,” she said, matching his bravado.
Black smiled. Charlotte felt her body pulled off the ground and through the air toward him. His fist smashed across her jaw again, sending her back into the wall even harder than before. She seemed to bounce as his will pulled her back. Then he knocked her back against the wall again and again, like a yo-yo, until she lost consciousness.



I sat on one side of a long dining table within King Lycean’s palace in the city of Tidus. Stately pillars surrounded the room, supporting the structure while also giving a panoramic view of the city. Marble and gold surrounded us in this lavish room while a huge banquet sat before us on the stone table. 
I adjusted the cushion I was sitting on. Glancing up, I found Sophia watching me with a little smirk on her face. I wasn’t used to sitting on the floor to have dinner and I thought I might roll off of the pillow onto the floor at any moment.
Neither Oliver nor King Lycean appeared to notice. Servants surrounded the table, standing at attention with trays ready to take away empty plates and glasses as well bringing new ones already filled. This kind of luxury was completely foreign to me. My parents had been moderately poor, but nothing we needed had ever seemed to be missing from our lives.
The conversation at the table tended toward the political, talking about the war—things I already knew by now. I found myself staring at my crystal glass, at the kaleidoscope of light coming through. I could see tiny images of Lycean, Oliver and Sophia, as well as various Lycan soldiers who were also sitting at the table.
I thought of the Movers and Shapers transporting the great blocks of stone in order to construct the memorial temples of Tidus. What an interesting ability they possessed. I pictured their movements, the concentration written on their faces as they worked together to manipulate and move stones weighing hundreds of tons.
I wondered how a Mover assassin might do battle, his style resembling the Asian acrobats and monks I had seen doing exhibitions while I was still in America. I played with the movements, manipulating my fingers and hands as though striking the glass. I concentrated upon the crystal as the Movers had the stone. The glass shattered before me. 
Sophia had been quietly laughing at me. She gasped when the crystal goblet shattered, scattering pieces across the table toward her. I hadn’t expected that to happen. Now, everyone at the table, from Lycean and Oliver on one end to the soldiers and Kron on the other end, were staring at me.
Sophia placed her hand over her mouth. “Brody, you’re a Mover?”
I looked at Oliver. His eyes moved from the shards of crystal scattered across the tabletop to me. His right eyebrow cocked up with amusement. Oliver turned to Lycean then. 
“Perhaps, we might stay another day before going to Tartarus,” he said. “I think Brody might benefit from a little training with Helios.”



Masterful

A stinging blow woke Charlotte violently from her unconsciousness. The last thing she had remembered was the fallen angel, Black, smashing her repeatedly between his fist and a brick wall. She attempted to emerge swinging. Had she been in manacles, a transformation to her raven form would have freed her. Unfortunately, her wrists, shoulders, neck and ankles had been bound with strong chords. 
When her eyes focused, she saw Black standing before her. The room had the appearance of a dungeon and the smell of death. A dim torch burned within an iron sconce upon the wall. Fortunately, Charlotte’s eyes required only minimal light to see a threat.
Her body ached from the beating she had taken from the angel, though she couldn’t tell how long it had been. Likely, not long. Still, down in this pit of despair, she had no idea if it was even day or night.
“Why am I alive?” Charlotte asked when Black did not speak.
Black smiled. “An appropriate question,” he replied. “Your brother is still useful to me. I would like to keep him that way while I’m working in London.”
“He’s your slave,” Charlotte spat.
“Which is useful, as I’ve said. Even you are useful to me.”
“In what way could I possibly be useful to you?” Charlotte asked bitterly.
Black raised his hands suddenly. Torches all along the wall burst with flame, brightening the room considerably. The very first thing to come to her attention was the bodies fastened to the wall of the cylindrical chamber. Mutilated corpses, all of them human, hung by chains. The smell of death had been correct. Only it was far more grisly than she might have imagined.
“What have you done?” Charlotte asked. 
Black surveyed his handiwork. “I’d say I’ve just made a gruesome discovery,” he said. “Could this actually be the lair of the infamous Ripper all of London fears? And who would have suspected that that individual would turn out to be a woman and one of the vampires of legend?”
He grinned at her, waiting for his words to sink in.
“You would reveal us to the humans?” she asked. The very idea was shocking to her. “But why? To what end could that possibly serve you?”
“Plans within plans, my dear. However, should for any reason my designs upon London go unfulfilled, a letter will be delivered to the authorities, and they will come to this place to find you with all of the evidence they’ll need.”
Charlotte laughed. “Is that the best you can do?” she said. “So what if the humans do find me here? They’ll kill me and be done with it.”
Black smiled, and it unnerved her. “I’m not sure your father would see it that way.”
Charlotte suddenly understood. “You would start a war,” she said with as much certainty as she had ever felt. She knew her father and his feelings for her. If ever a father could be called doting, it was Tiberius. He had been the Lord of Vampires for nearly a century. And he loved his many children, but perhaps Charlotte the most.
She did not have to ask why Black would do such a thing. It was in his nature to cause destruction and devastation to the humans in whatever way possible. However, where he sought subversion and control by replacing the humans with dolls, a war with the Breed would simply kill the city. Inevitably, that event would not happen in secret. Other humans would join that fight, escalating it until either the Breed or the humans were destroyed.
Charlotte struggled uselessly against her bonds. She hung her head finally. “You’re a monster.”
Black grinned devilishly, backing toward the wall as his form vanished. “My dear, you’ve no idea.”



Sophia had been eager to assure Oliver that she could escort me to Master Helios. “You and Father can continue your visit,” she had said. “I know that he misses your conversations, even if he won’t admit it.”
Oliver had released me to her care with a wink and a smirk intended for my benefit.
To my surprise, this master assassin also dwelt in the palace, according to Sophia. We came to a courtyard surrounded by a garden, complete with fountains of water. Strangely, the courtyard itself was made entirely of sand—several large mounds of it in fact. A tall thin man with dark skin and no hair stood in the midst of the courtyard, waiting for us.
He never took his eyes off of me, even when Sophia made introductions. She turned to me before leaving. “Good luck, Brody. I’ll be watching.”
She walked away, attempting to suppress a smile. I wasn’t sure why, but I thought maybe she knew something about the training I was about to receive that I didn’t. Sophia made her way to the other side of one of the decorative fountains and sat upon the ledge there, watching as she had promised.
As soon as I turned my attention back to Helios, a handful of sand hit me in the face. I just managed to close my eyes, however my mouth had been open about to speak. I staggered backward, spluttering, spitting sand out of my mouth. 
“What was that for?” I asked.
Helios smiled slightly, then he picked up another handful of sand and threw it at me. I was prepared this time, but still not happy that this man was throwing sand at me. I started to protest again, but he threw another handful at me, only harder this time.
Now, admittedly, I was angry. I picked up a handful of sand for myself, hauled back and let it fly. My sand wad came close to Helios then rebounded, hitting me in the face again. My mouth had been open that time also. I spit the grit out immediately and heard the not-too-distant laughter of Sophia by the fountain. I glanced at her in between my gagging. It was at least enough to calm her down a bit, but not completely. Helios’s composure remained unchanged.
“Kinesis is more than simply pushing on an object, young man,” he said. “It should be a total manipulation in any direction. A master Mover can manipulate objects and their parts with greater care than even the human hand.”
To illustrate his point, Helios called a lute to his hand that I had not even seen sitting nearby. The wooden stringed instrument came to him, flying obediently through the air as if by magic. I asked him as much.
“This is not magic, but a manipulation by the power of my mind. If that is magic then perhaps you’re right, but it would not be my definition.”
The lute hovered next to him and then began to play. Helios observed the instrument, but he never touched it. Still, even apart from the hands needed to press upon the strings and pluck them, a sweet melody emerged from the instrument. I walked closer, examining the lute, watching invisible fingers fret each note in succession, strumming out chords and arpeggios effortlessly.
I stammered for words, but could only come up with one question. “How?”
Helios smiled. “A lifetime of practice, Brody. And, as I understand it, you have considerably less time before you are due to depart.”
“Will you teach me the basics of this power, at least?” I begged.”
He placed a hand upon my shoulder and smiled, as the lute stopped playing. “We’ll see what we can do.”



Helios spent the majority of that evening putting me through a rigorous pace of mental exercises that wore me out. When I was finally allowed to sleep, I didn’t even take the time to leave his home. The closest sofa I could find inside his modest domicile would have to suffice. 
Oliver was waking me after what seemed like only mere moments. I felt exhausted, but a bit more confident in my newfound abilities than I had before coming to Tidus. Oliver seemed refreshed by a good night’s sleep and a filling breakfast. I was famished and disheveled looking, as though I might have spent the night wedged beneath a rock.
However, a tray of food was soon wheeled in on a cart, along with a new suit of clothes. Helios met with us while I wolfed down the eggs, bacon and biscuits with jam. 
“I did what I could, given the limited time,” Helios said to Oliver.
“I’m sure what you’ve imparted will prove sufficient,” Oliver replied. 
Helios regarded me as he continued. “I do believe he has the makings of a fine Kinetic, with ample time and training under the appropriate master. Do you expect to bring him back to Tidus?”
Oliver smiled. “Are you so wanting for a pupil, Master Helios?”
“No,” Helios said. “I’m merely curious about the prospect of a Kinetic warrior who possesses the other abilities I’ve heard mentioned. Intriguing.”
“Well, if we manage to make it back from where we’re going in one piece, I’ll see to it that he’s brought to you straightaway for further instruction.”
Helios nodded, shaking Oliver’s hand. He turned to me as I stood up from my tray. To my surprise, he held out his hand to me also. I took it eagerly.
“Thank you, Master Helios,” I said. “I’ll practice the exercises you’ve shown me every day.”
“See that you do,” he said. “When we meet again, I expect to see great progress already made.”
“You will,” I assured him. “And I’ll do what you said, never accepting that something is impossible.”
With that, he turned to escort us out.
Outside, we found both Sophia and her father. A royal guard waited nearby, ever watchful. Oliver and King Lycean walked together ahead while I fell into step with Sophia.
“How was your night with Master Helios?” she asked.
“Educational,” I admitted. “From watching the Movers at the temple site, I had no idea this power was so complex and as interesting as Helios showed me.”
“Have you learned anything that you can show me before you leave?”
“Well, he really wore me out,” I said. “Look down.”
She did and gasped when she discovered that I wasn’t actually walking beside her. I had been floating just above the ground since leaving Helios’s home.
“How’s that?” I asked as my feet came back to the ground and began walking again.
“Impressive for only one night of instruction,” she admitted.
“He’s a great teacher,” I said. “I’m hoping to come back soon and learn more from him.”
“That would be nice, Brody. I hope you can.”
“I’m not even sure where we’re going,” I said.
I was sure that King Lycean knew our destination, but unsure of whether Sophia had been made privy to that information.
“I wish I could say,” she said. “But I will hope that you both come back soon and safe.”
By the time we reached the gate, I was wishing that we could simply forget about the war in London and stay forever in Tidus. But I knew that wasn’t possible. So, we said our farewells to the King and his daughter and prepared for Oliver to transport us wherever it was we were headed once we passed out of Tidus. 
Oliver walked through the gate ahead of me. Sophia came running forward and took me by the arm. She kissed me on the cheek and said goodbye again. I nodded, feeling quite strange as I passed through after Oliver. As the gate closed shut behind us, I stood there, touching the spot where her lips had been only a moment before.
Oliver gave me a puzzled look, shaking his head. “Best to reclaim your wits, Brody,” he said. “Where we’re going, you’ll need to keep a clear head if we want to make it out alive.”
Oliver raised his hand as a wave of light issued around us, enveloping our persons. 
“Where are we going?” I asked.
Oliver looked at me with uncertainty in his eyes. 
“Tartarus.” 



Chameleon

Tom surveyed the local warehouse where Breed warriors stood watch. Black was inside. He had seen them take Charlotte from the place where the angel had confronted her. He felt like such a coward allowing it to all transpire as it had. He should have saved her. But how?
In the hours since he began watching, Tom had seen no sign of Sinister. He wondered if his former friend even realized that Black was holding his sister. Tom had considered trying to find the vampire leader and inform him, but the risk was too great that Sinister simply wouldn’t care. No. He had to take action now before anything more happened to her.
Tom knew what he had to do. He just hoped his shape-shifting abilities would be up to the kind scrutiny he would encounter here. He concentrated upon his old friend’s memory, incorporating as much detail as he could remember: his clothing, the grime of the city, even his smell. When Tom stood up, he was the very image of Sinister.
Taking the form of a raven for effect, he flew from the shadows where he had been hidden all this time, soaring high up in order to be sure that all of the Breed warriors noticed him. He landed in bird form, hopped once across the dusty ground then morphed into his disguise as Sinister. If any Breed warriors had a doubt about whether or not this was their master, it should be quashed by this display. Only a master chameleon like Tom could pull it off. It helped that he knew Sinister so well.
Several vampires stalked him from the shadows. But they never said a word, or made any attempt to stop him. He did not regard them, or call out any salutation. It simply was not Sinister’s way. He expected obedience to his commands. He did not usually make friends among those who followed him.
Still, Tom knew that if anyone was an exception to that rule it was him. Sinister had shown him uncharacteristic warmth, especially after his involvement with Charlotte. The vampire prince had always been quite protective of her, nevertheless he had approved of Tom being in her life for a time—at least until she stopped seeing things Sinister’s way. 
Matters between her and Tom and her brother had become strained. Ultimately, she had been viewed as an outcast as many of the Breed followed Black’s vision for the Descendants of the Fallen. Only Tom and her immediate family still cared for her. Still, her relationship with them had become distant, to say the least—a fact that still gave Tom pangs of regret when he thought about it. 
He passed easily into the warehouse, shut the door behind him and stopped. Drago, one of Sinister’s lieutenants, approached him from the darkness within. Tom knew the vampire well, but had never particularly liked him. He enjoyed the killing quite a bit—something that Tom had always found distasteful, even if he had never said anything. The world was the way it was.
Noticing surprise in Drago’s expression, Tom acted on his hunch that Sinister hadn’t been told that his sister was Black’s prisoner.
“Where is she?” Tom said menacingly, just as Sinister might have done.
Drago was instant to respond. “My lord, we had no choice,” he said. “We could not disobey him.”
“Where is she?” Tom screamed, allowing his own fury to fuel his performance.
He had set Drago off balance trying to explain himself, making it all the more unlikely that he would be discovered. At least, he thought, Sinister had not imprisoned her himself. A small consolation was better than none at all.
Drago’s eyes betrayed the direction he needed to go. Tom walked past him without another word. He kicked the door open and found two more vampires standing guard at the end of a narrow corridor. Tom stepped inside, leaving the door hanging half open behind him.
“Get out,” He said. His voice was barely above a whisper, but it carried the message well.
The vampires left their post reluctantly, though Tom wasn’t sure if it was because of what Black might do, or what they thought Sinister would do. Nevertheless, they left, passing him without a word, eyes averted in shame at having been a part of Charlotte’s imprisonment. They passed through the doorway as quiet as a whisper. 
Tom stood still, listening, waiting. No one came. No noise came from the beyond the door before him. Surely, this was where they were keeping her. Why else guard this lonely steel door?
A slide was situated at eye level. Tom stepped forward, grabbing the bolt and slowly sliding it back. He peered through the hole. Charlotte was already looking right at him, or at least at the vampire he appeared to be. She fixated upon him, clearly unsure of whether this was truly her brother on the other side of the door.
Tom saw no one else in the room. Black had evidently gone already prior to his arrival. Tom opened the door, revealing himself fully to Charlotte bound on the other side. She looked confused and angry to see him. Tom ignored this and crossed the room quickly, preparing to cut her bonds.
Charlotte started to speak, then stopped abruptly. 
“You’re not my brother,” she said.
Tom stopped mid-stride and smiled.
A voice emanated all around the chamber. “Of course, he isn’t your brother,” Black’s voice resounded. “He is a rat in a trap.”
The steel door slammed shut of its own volition behind Tom. He turned, searching as laughter filled the cell.
“Tom?” Charlotte asked.
Tom resumed his true form in the blink of an eye.
“What are you doing here?” Charlotte screamed.
“Trying to save you!” he shouted back as laughter continued unabated all around them.
A blur sprang from the shadows, intercepting Tom’s attempt to free Charlotte from her bonds. He leaped away instinctively, transforming into a housefly in the same moment. Wicked claws swiped at him but missed. Tom morphed into a lemur, hitting the wall like a spring, leaping up the wall as a black panther below scrabbled against the stones trying to catch him.
Tom was too high for the big cat now, but Black wasted no time, transforming the panther to a sparrow. He shot toward the lemur, becoming an eagle in flight, talons extended to make the kill. Tom became a turtle, withdrawing into his shell as the eagle clawed at him with its talons. He slipped away from Black toward the stone floor, becoming a cat, landing on its feet as cats always do.
The eagle came down upon the cat. “Did you really think you could save her, boy?”
The cat exploded into a silverback gorilla, plowing the eagle with a mighty fist. When Black hit the wall, now in his human form again, the entire room shook like an earthquake.
“Get away, Tom!” Charlotte cried. “You can’t defeat him!”
The gorilla charged the door, smashing through, leaving the steel plate hanging from busted hinges. “I’ll come back!” Tom called back.
Black stood in the doorway watching him go, whispering the name of Tiberius into Tom’s subconscious. A trick only angels and a very few Descendants could manage. He did not pursue, but turned on Charlotte. 
“How deliciously wonderful,” he said. “Another pawn set into play upon the board, running into a trap.”
Charlotte could only stare in disbelief. She had heard the angel whisper her Tiberius’s name, but it didn’t make sense to send Tom for her father. “Tiberius was supposed to be your ally in all of this,” she said. “In exchange for his help, you promised my people power and a kingdom to rule in the mortal world.”
“Chaos is more fun,” Black said. “And I share power with no one.”



Tom ran down the narrow corridor, hoping that Black did not follow. He had no hope of defeating an angel. Still, the blow he had struck Black in animal form had certainly felt good. When he hit the end of the corridor he morphed into Sinister again, running out angrily just to be seen. Then, quick as a flash, he became Sinister’s raven form and took flight, rising toward the high steel rafters and out through a gash in the warehouse roof. 
He looked back behind him, but found no one following. He sighed with relief. He’d been soundly beaten, but anybody else would have done no better. Tom knew he was fortunate to still be alive after such a confrontation.
However, seeing Charlotte’s predicament only strengthened his resolve. And he now had a plan in mind. He would go to Tiberius, the Vampire Lord and Charlotte’s father. If anyone could help him rescue the girl it was Tiberius. Despite her rebellion against Black’s takeover of London, her father still loved her. He would not stand for such an outrage. 
Tom even held out some hope that Tiberius would speak wisdom to Sinister, drawing him away from Black’s side. Still, that might be too much to hope for. Then again, all he had left now was hope.    



Void

The way into Tartarus was not as convoluted as I might have suspected. Fairly straightforward, all in all. We had stepped through one of Oliver’s portals, exiting in the middle of a frozen forest in Siberia. Before us stood a gnarled old tree that appeared completely different from all the rest. A dark hallow sat on the northern face. 
We walked into that darkness and were swallowed up by it. The sensation was interesting. One moment my skin was tingling from the biting cold. The next we were walking through dry desert heat, yet in the absence of light.
Oliver called for fire ahead of me. A small orange flame obeyed his command, sparking into being above his outstretched palm. He turned to me grinning. 
“You didn’t think you were the only one who could do that, did you?” he asked.
A question I’d had on my mind spilled out. “Who are you descended from, Oliver?”
He paused and the smile left his face. I wondered if he might attempt to redirect my question, or simply avoid it altogether. But he surprised me.
“I am descended from an angel called Southresh,” he said. 
“I’ve never heard of him,” I replied.
Oliver smirked. “Oh, and how many angels have you heard names for?”
I felt a bit stupid. Of course, he was right. Apart from Gabriel and Michael and Lucifer, mentioned in the scriptures, I had no idea of the names of angels. Only Black’s moniker was known to me, and I had no idea if that was his real name or not. 
“Sorry,” I said.
Oliver laughed gently.
“I wouldn’t expect you to know the name, Brody, since you’ve not been privy to your heritage for very long.”
“I’m still not privy to my specific heritage,” I said.
“True, but then I’m not sure of that either.”
“Why are we here?” I asked.
“We need to speak to someone who is here.”
“Imprisoned here?” I asked. I knew that much of Tartarus from the scriptures. A prison for angels.
“Yes, he is imprisoned here.”
“Who is he?”
“Southresh,” he replied.
“No wonder you know the way into this place,” I said. “He’s your father.”
“He may be yours, as well,” he said.
I had almost been expecting him to say something like that. Still, I was so used to everyone being so cryptic around me that his candor actually caused me to gasp.
“I don’t mean to alarm you, Brody,” he said quickly. “It’s just that you have to be informed. This place is very dangerous. Southresh is very dangerous. It’s time you understood who you might be and why you have the abilities you possess.”
“Abilities like yours?”
“Apparently so,” he said kindly, placing his hand on my shoulder in order to comfort me.
“I’ll be all right,” I said, though I did feel a bit weak in the knees. “I really do want to know the truth. It’s just that none of this was ever what I expected to find upon coming to London.”
“I understand, Brody,” Oliver said. “Reality can sometimes be far worse than we ever imagined.”
“Can you tell me about him before we have to see him?” I asked. “So, I can kind of mentally prepare?”
“I wish it was an experience you could prepare your mind for,” Oliver said. “Still, a bit of information can’t hurt.”
“Southresh is a particularly nasty specimen among the most dangerous creatures in existence,” Oliver began.
“If it doesn’t get any better than that, I may be sorry I asked.”
“I wish it did,” he offered. “Southresh has been called the mad god.”
“He’s angry?”
“He’s crazy.”
The thought of an insane angel being in any way my ancestor made me cringe and my blood run cold.
“However,” Oliver said, “it might very well explain how a young one like you came to be.”
“I don’t understand.”
“I was descended from Southresh through a dozen or more generations, at least,” Oliver said. “But from the description you gave of the test Black put you through, you may be much closer to Southresh in your ancestry. The fact that you were able to push back at Black with any success at all at so young an age is very telling.”
“But neither my father nor mother ever showed any signs of having such power,” I argued.
“I admit, I don’t understand it,” Oliver said. “But there is something that Southresh mentioned to me—something I’ve never understood. He talked of escaping this place.”
“But didn’t God create Tartarus?”
“That’s true,” he said. “One would therefore suppose it to be impregnable.”
“But how have you gone in and out?”
“This prison is not meant to keep anyone inside other than angels,” he said. “Without walls and without guards, Tartarus holds its prisoners secure.”
“Simply by his word,” I said.
“Yes,” Oliver confirmed. “That’s why I don’t understand how Southresh could have escaped…not unless he was set free.”
That terrible suggestion lingered in my mind long after Oliver began speaking again. How could it be? Why would he be set free to commit such an atrocity. And yet, I might only exist because of such an act. I could not reconcile the matter in my mind. But it remained there like a maddening mosquito in my ear, buzzing around my thoughts.
“I had assumed that he simply spoke gibberish, as always,” Oliver continued. “You cannot believe what they say. They are liars to the core.”
“So are people,” I said. “Only God is true all the time.”
“I’m sure you’re right, Brody, but I’m referring to lies that are deceptively clever. You might not realize you’re being lied to. At any rate, I did not believe him when he mentioned it.”
“When were you speaking to him?”
“About ten years ago,” he said. “When I saw him ten years before that, he said nothing of the kind.”
“I’m seventeen,” I said.
“That would make sense,” Oliver said. “But it might also mean…”
“That Southresh is my natural father?”
I wasn’t sure where that thought had come from. It was logical. Considering it more after I said it, it seemed like the only explanation that made sense. And yet it made no sense at all. How could this happen? Why would it be allowed to happen?
Oliver stared at me with the little flame dancing upon his upturned palm in the midst of the surrounding darkness. His expression said it all. Reason had led him to consider that same possibility. 
“Then the only thing left to do is ask him,” I said.
“Wait,” he said. “It’s not that easy. You don’t just ask a fallen angel a question and get a straight answer, at least not a lunatic like Southresh. He’s a manipulator. If he believes you desire something from him, he’ll use it against you. If he believes that he can coerce you, he will.”
“But I have to know,” I pleaded.
“That’s why we’re here, Brody, but we must be smart about it if we’re to get any answers at all.”
“As wise as serpents, but harmless as doves,” I said, remembering the scripture.
“Well put,” he said. “Now take my hand as we continue. To enter Tartarus is treacherous to the mind. I know how to pass quickly in order to bring us to the place where Southresh can be found.”
“How do you know?”
“It has to do with my connection to him…so I suppose you would also possess the same ability. But there are many others in this place as well. Countless others. I do not know the boundaries of this Tartarus, only how to find Southresh among the others. And there’s no telling what we might see when we do find him.”
I steeled my mind for what lay ahead. I was trembling with fear, yet somehow excited by the prospect of learning more about who I was. I was on an adventure, even if the adventure was terrifying and deadly.
Oliver held the flame up before us. The dark void lay beyond. 
“Focus upon the flame Brody and do not allow your attention to be drawn away from it. If we were to become separated in here, I would have little hope of ever finding you again.”
“What would happen to me?” I asked.
“You don’t want to know.”
“But I do.”
“Madness.”



Madness

Dolls marched through the streets like an army now. Tom watched from a cathedral bell tower as Breed warriors acted as generals leading their troops into battle against the remaining citizens of London. The dolls appeared in human form, but they were taking over. Abductions were taking place in broad daylight without any reservations whatsoever.
It wasn’t the toll on human freedom that really bothered Tom. He’d been a part of this grand scheme not many days ago. It was still considered a triumph among most Descendants of the Fallen. Very few had pity for the mortals losing control of the crown jewel of their vast empire. 
These things rightfully belonged to those with more power. At least that was the consensus among the Fae. Envy of the kind of love they had never known, the kind of favoritism they had only glimpsed from afar, had finally stirred them to action. Take what we want from the mortals. Claim our heritage. 
These were the rallying cries used by Sinister and Black to control the Descendants of the Fallen. And, fueled by centuries of frustration, they eagerly took to the cause, giving overwhelming support to Black’s plan for an overthrow of humanity. First one city, then another. Like dominos they were going to fall, until the entire world bowed at their feet.
Tom still didn’t have much problem with the idea of taking over. He just couldn’t stomach it any longer under Black’s thumb. Even sacrificing all that he had worked for was worth it in order to defy the angel.
He looked out over London as darkness washed over the city. The cries of mortals resounded from every direction. By tomorrow, Black would have total control. From here he would begin to move on to other cities, one by one, until they all fell before him.



I held tight to Oliver’s hand as the wind picked up around us. We were moving forward, then up and back, then forward again. With the void around us, only the wind’s effect on the little flame testified to what direction we were traveling through Tartarus. 
I heard howling, crying, even wailing as we passed through the darkness. Each pocket of sound passed quickly. Images also began shortly thereafter—scenes strange and horrifying.
One passed showing two men thrusting each other through with swords, neither willing to give up the fight as their lifeblood mingled upon the ground around them. Another replayed grisly scenes of children dashed against the stones of an ancient city while conquering soldiers tore through on their way to certain victory. An angel with tattered filthy wings hung himself by the neck over and over again in a maddening display. 
All of these passed and were gone. I wanted to ask Oliver about each one, but I feared any disturbance might break his concentration, sending us spiraling into the same oblivion these creatures now inhabited. My eyes found each horrible scene in turn, and I realized these must be pockets of space or time where these angels existed—imprisoned without walls, but imprisoned all the same.
Blood and guts, the destruction of children, and amoral acts of every imaginable kind passed in seconds. Oliver advised me to close my eyes, and I did. How terrible a place, I thought.
“These beings generate what you’re seeing,” Oliver said. “Many of these atrocities were in their hearts and minds before man ever committed them. They’re devils.”
“I understand,” I said, trying to keep the images from my mind.
“Be sure that you do,” he said. “Remember this when we are with Southresh. What you will see is not real, though it will seem very much to be. It is only expression—his mind playing out around us. Madness.”
I could not tell how long we traveled, though it did not seem long. Then we veered toward a particular scene playing out in the void. I assumed it must be where Southresh dwelt in this prison, and I was right.
Oliver and I were then standing among a ruined city. Fires still burned among the hollowed buildings, their remains scattered as drifts of debris. Bodies lay here and there in various states of mutilation—their putrefaction a stench in our nostrils. 
The centerpiece of the city was a massive cathedral towering over everything. A noise caught my ear. I turned toward my left shoulder and found one of the dead bodies standing next to me, staring with gray eyes, blood and puss pouring between rotted teeth as it smiled at me. I screamed, leaping away. 
Oliver caught me by the arm. “No, don’t fear it,” he said. “Remember?”
I tried to calm down my breathing. The zombie cackled at me, reaching with grasping hands.
“It’s not real,” I whispered.
The creature lunged at me unexpectedly.
I screamed again, but this time my effort became more than auditory. The zombie burst into flame, screeching and writhing in the inferno my mind had foisted upon him. He became ash in seconds, the bones falling disjointed into a loose pile. The steaming skull stared up at us, and the cackling began again.
Oliver gave a sigh next to me, having now let go of my arm.
“Sorry,” I said. “But he started it.”
Oliver simply stared at me.
“I know, I know. None of this is real.”
“Well, then,” he said. “Perhaps we should be on our way?”
“After you,” I gestured toward the cathedral dominating the landscape.
The zombie’s skull cackled on as we walked away.



Priests of some kind, wearing crimson robes with black sashes, were lined up waiting to enter the cathedral when we approached. To my surprise, each of them bore some gruesome instrument of torture in their hands. These they caressed like infants, touching the sharp points and razor edges delicately lest they do them some damage, instead of the other way around.
Oliver walked past them, barely seeming to notice the priests. I gave them a wider berth, still fearing, despite myself, that they might pack more reality to them than Oliver said they possessed. He paused at the door, holding it open for me, sighing again and shaking his head as he realized what I was doing.
I nodded and passed through ahead of him, but waited on the other side, wanting to be sure we didn’t end up separated somehow. He came through after me and led the way beyond the vestibule into the cathedral itself. The priests’ attention never wandered from their instruments of cruelty to us.
Oliver called back for me to prepare myself before entering. The warning was heeded again. However, I could never have hoped to brace myself sufficiently for what awaited us inside.
The inner sanctum of the cathedral was just as massive as I might have expected from viewing the exterior. However, there was no reverent worship within. No songs of joy and happiness rising high to the rafters to lift the spirit. This was Southresh’s cathedral of pain.
Now I saw for what purpose these phantom priests waited to enter. Now I saw why they caressed their individual instruments of cruelty. They had come to worship an altogether different entity. And over them all the mad god presided as prophet and priest and king.    
Countless priests had shed their robes, baring gray flesh without shame. Each of them now offered their tribute of pain unto the mad god. Their blood mingled upon the floor as they tore themselves over and over again, utilizing their tools for ghastly, unspeakable purposes, defiling their bodies in such horrifying fashion that I thought I might vomit at any moment. 
A cacophonous chorus of woe resounded throughout the vast expanse of the cathedral, echoing over and over again from its stained glass and stone walls. I started to shut my eyes to the grisly scene, but Oliver stopped my hands. 
His glare warned me not to allow my horror to show. We were here for a purpose. Any weakness on my part would be exploited by Southresh in order to enslave my spirit and destroy my mind.
“Become stone,” Oliver warned, then he turned to the center of the sanctuary.
Presiding over this malicious display of misery was the fallen angel we had journeyed to see. Southresh stood upon a pedestal of marble that had long ago been stained again and again by blood. He was, to my surprise, completely naked. His features were similarly gray like the priests. His physique was that of Adonis, beauty personified. Yet the soiled wings upon his back seemed to testify to Southresh’s true nature as that of perfection ruined and glory torn asunder.
I immediately recalled the scriptures pertaining to Lucifer himself as being perfect in wisdom and beauty until iniquity was found in him. Like the one who had led their rebellion against the Almighty, Southresh had been tarnished and undone before God by his heinous crimes. And in his separation from the glorious abode of his creation, this angel had become twisted and vile, contemptible to his very core.
My revulsion turned inward. Was this what I was? Had this creature sired me, and could I possibly be more than he had become? Was I nothing more than a devil dressed in human flesh? I stood there gaping, paying no more heed to the horrors around me. My spirit was sinking into the abyss of this realization.
Oliver must have noticed and understood what was happening. Perhaps, my thoughts were simply broadcast to him without my thinking about it. Whatever the case, he took action, turning on me suddenly, slapping me so hard across my face that I tasted blood.
“Attend to me!” Oliver shouted.
I’m not sure what that was supposed to mean, exactly, but it had the effect of getting my attention off of myself and back to the situation at hand.
“Well done,” Southresh observed from his pedestal, clapping delightedly.
Oliver glared at me a moment longer, warning me, then turned back to the fallen angel again.
“Mighty Southresh, I have brought you my report from London,” Oliver said.
“Who is this that you have brought to me,” Southresh asked, ignoring Oliver’s introduction.
“This is my new apprentice, my lord,” Oliver said, giving away nothing by emotion.
Southresh stared at me for a moment. A wicked grin played upon his lips. “An apprentice?” he said. “How delightful.” There was a pause before he continued. “You mentioned a report, Oliver?”
Oliver began to spell out the details of the conflict between his very few allies and the considerable forces of Black. Never did Southresh’s eyes leave my face. So penetrating was his stare that I thought I might be swallowed up by it at any moment.
Midway through the report, the angel interrupted him. “And what has been the role of your apprentice during this conflict in London?” he asked.
Oliver paused, considering the question. He didn’t seem sure that he should answer. But what else could he do?
“The boy is still learning, my lord,” Oliver said, dismissing the possibility that I possessed any real measure of power. “Desperate measures for desperate times, I’m afraid.”
Southresh cackled hysterically then. “What a liar,” he bellowed. “You surely are my son, Oliver.”
Then he quickly turned his attention back to me. “You look like your mother,” Southresh said more delicately.
“You knew my—?” I realized too late not to react to him.
Southresh cackled again. “Did you think, Oliver, that I would not recognize my own seed?”
“My lord?”
“Yes, boy,” he continued to me, “I knew your mother quite well. Knew her all night long, while she supposed her husband was there with her.”
“You tricked her!” I screamed, losing my patience completely with this game.
“Then I watched her wither to skin and bones by the time you were born,” Southresh said. “You were the one who killed her coming into the world, boy! You killed your own mother with your birth!”
“Liar!” I screamed in response, knowing too well that I was passing the point of no return in this situation.
Southresh cackled at my fury. What could I possibly do to him? He had nothing to fear from me. Already he endured this vile imprisonment by the Lord’s judgment. My wrath was nothing in comparison.
“Oliver, you disappoint me,” Southresh said. “Did you actually think you could deceive me so easily? You brought this whelp to me. Did you suppose we would enjoy a family reunion—father and sons around the dinner table, swapping stories of lost love and friendship?”
Oliver began to back away from the angel as his mad ranting became louder, filling the cathedral. 
“Bow before me like the dogs you are!” Southresh bellowed. 
All the priests turned to us now, their instruments of torture bloody but ready for more. They awaited the command of their master. Oliver grabbed my arm. We vanished from the cathedral, reappearing just outside down the street.
Oliver seemed surprised by what had happened.
“What is it?”
“We should have been transported out of Southresh’s prison, back to the void,” he said. 
“What happened?”
He tried again, grabbing my arm. We reappeared this time about one hundred yards away. The look of fear in his eyes told me our situation. We were trapped.
Southresh’s laughter filtered out of the cathedral, filling every street in the ruined city that surrounded us. 
“Did you really think I was powerless to stop you?” Southresh asked.
We looked around us, searching for him, but the streets were empty. His voice, however, was omnipresent.
“The servant is not greater than his master,” he said.
His voice seemed to penetrate my very mind. “You’re not my master!” I shouted back. “I serve Christ alone!”
The screeching wail that erupted from the cathedral at my proclamation did not bode well for Southresh’s temperament. The massive dome of the church exploded. Southresh erupted through it—a giant smashing his way through. “How dare you speak his name to me?”
From the demolished buildings, more zombies ushered forth, dragging their disjointed rotting corpses upon rotting limbs. Sewer covers popped away from the pavement, allowing more of the vile creatures to rise. All of them honed in upon us immediately.
“What do we do?” I asked. “Why can’t we leave?”
“We fight and hope to survive long enough to figure out how to escape Tartarus,” Oliver commanded.
Zombies approached on every side. There was no particular direction to go. After all, this realm was simply meant to confine this wicked spirit and contain his influence. The city around us was merely a construct of his mind. Wherever we ran, he would know exactly where to find us. But running might still buy us precious time.
I blasted a wave of staggering corpses in front of me with fire, summoning all my fear and rage in order to fuel my power. Oliver took his cue, doing likewise with more fire, turning decaying bodies to ash. At the very least, some measure of physical laws seemed to apply. We could destroy these fiends. But, as I quickly learned, Southresh could create more.



Emissary

Tom had been to Greystone before, but he had no idea how to get there. It was a secret reserved to the Breed alone. Even though Charlotte had been the one to escort him at the time, she had placed a glamour upon him in order to keep the portal secret. Since that time, with their eventual parting of company, Tom had never entertained the notion of returning. After all, Greystone was not the sort of place that anyone, other than vampires, would wish to visit.
However, Tom also knew that Sinister had been sending an emissary back to his father, Tiberius, for some time. Once every month, this messenger brought news to the Lord of the Vampires in Greystone, showing him what progress was made by Black’s efforts in London. 
Tiberius had long supported such insurrection. He wanted Black to succeed with his plans due to the promises of power in the mortal world that were given unto him by the fallen angel in exchange for his vampire warriors. Even his daughter’s disdain for Black and his plans for the human world could not persuade him. Some, Tom included, had even suspected that Black had some spell upon Tiberius, making him pliable to his cause against better judgment.
However, Tom knew the one thing that could break such a spell, if anything could. Charlotte’s imprisonment by Black would cut the ties that bound Tiberius unto the angel as quick as a heartbeat. Even when other vampires had shunned Charlotte as somewhat of an outcast, Tiberius had never lost his doting love for her. He had even confided his hope to Sinister of her coming to her senses and rejoining their clan. His friend had shared the encounter with him. Tiberius would not tolerate what was happening, once he became aware of it.
Letan was a coward, but he was no fool. Tom had never liked this vampire. He had long ago recognized Letan’s subtle manipulation of events in order to promote himself. It wasn’t exactly a bad trait. Tom could honestly say no better for himself. But in a fight, Letan excused himself often in order to attend to more important matters, as he called it. 
Such had been his appointment as Sinister’s emissary. He had ingratiated himself to Tiberius in order to avoid the potential battles that lay ahead in such an aggressive campaign as Black’s takeover of London. Even among the other Breed warriors, Letan was known as a devious sort only concerned for himself.
Tom had followed Letan in the form of an eagle, keeping his distance behind the vampire’s black crow form while still maintaining sight of him. Letan had been doing this job for some time and expected no one to be foolish enough to follow a vampire to the Greystone portal. As it happened, he led Tom right to it.
As soon as he saw the location, Tom wanted to kick himself for not realizing the obvious. In Wiltshire below stood Stonehenge, and Letan was landing there now. Tom cast off his eagle form in favor of something less conspicuous for his final approach. He had to get close to Letan as he opened the portal. Only then would he be able to pass through.
As a carpenter bee, Tom could still fly at a good speed, but he was small enough to escape detection. He found Letan standing before one of the stone arches comprising a semicircular pattern. In times past, the site had contained nearly a dozen portal arches, though only a few now remained. Some had been deconstructed, while others were destroyed in past conflicts between Descendant clans.
Apparently, only the vampires were privy to the call phrase that opened upon Greystone. He heard Letan speak it now very softly as he buzzed up behind him. The portal opened, and Letan thought to step through. However, Tom’s shadow towered higher and higher over him as he took the form of a massive Kodiak. 
Letan turned just in time to see the great paw smash him down to the ground. Horrified, the vampire made an effort to fight back, but Tom had waylaid him with the first blow. His defense didn’t last long after that. 
Tom dragged the vampire’s corpse off behind the large heel stone at the outer boundary, then came back to the arch where the portal had already collapsed. He shrank down from the huge bear, taking on Letan’s form in every detail. He spoke the word in the vampire’s common tongue, being glad he had learned much of their language while spending time with Charlotte.
The portal responded appropriately, opening between the stones, appearing very much like a disjointed reflection. When Tom passed through, the portal rippled like the surface of a pond and then closed behind him, fading until only the space between the stones and the chill morning air remained.



On the other side of the Stonehenge portal, Tom stood in Letan’s form. The landscape before him was nearly barren. It might have passed for frozen tundra in the northern parts of the mortal world. However, this place was littered with petrified trees standing gray and twisted, as if they were terror-stricken victims of the Gorgon herself.
A gargantuan moon cast shadows across every surface, creating a panorama of indistinct gray, white and black. The odd patterns everywhere were enough to make his head swim. He closed his eyes and listened. An elf’s ears were perfect for hearing the tiniest of movements. He noted several vampires lurking nearby among the trees. 
One of them moved toward him.
“Is it time for another boring report already?” a vampire named Feyin asked.
Tom regarded him severely. He knew that this Breed warrior did not like Letan any better than he had. Had Feyin known Letan’s true fate, he possibly would have smiled, or shaken Tom’s hand. But since he was the warrior currently assigned to the portal watch, this probably wasn’t a good time to inform him.
He stepped toward the vampire. “Convey me immediately to Lord Tiberius,” Tom said. “Matters in London have taken a drastic turn for the worse.”
Feyin stared into his eyes for a moment, waiting for the punch line to be delivered. Fortunately, Tom was completely serious about the report, even if he was currently in disguise.
“Play games if you like, Feyin,” Tom concluded, staring him down. “But your delay will be noted before our lord if his daughter dies.”
Feyin stammered for a moment. Tom enjoyed the emotions flitting across the vampire’s face: uncertainty, fear and then resignation. It was unusual to see any displays of emotion other than bloodlust. And usually those who saw that display didn’t live long enough to see another.
Feyin finally nodded. “Follow me. I will bring you before Tiberius.” He turned to the trees. “Ballic, remain with the portal.”
Tom did not see the other vampire lurking about, though clearly he was somewhere. Feyin led him to one of the petrified trees where they passed through. The tree was merely a mirage, a glamour disguising the entry to Greystone. 
The vampire city had been constructed completely underground, hewn from the very bedrock that this frozen wasteland sat upon. Its entrances were secret, from the portal at Stonehenge to the gateway in the petrified forest. It had never been attacked, even during times of great conflict between Descendant clans. It would have been suicide to attack the vampires here in their caves.
Tom looked behind him to find a wall of rock. Ahead, though, the tunnel had been fashioned with carved blocks of white limestone that made good use of the available torch light. Vents ran back and forth from the surface, keeping the air fresh though still a bit earthy, as vampires tended to like it. The tunnel extended ahead, without interruption, in a relatively straight line. 
All of these things Tom remembered from his trips with Sinister and Charlotte. In fact, he likely could have found his way to Tiberius on his own from here, but the emissary was supposed to be escorted when bringing the vampire lord his reports.
The temperature was cold—another vampire characteristic. Their bodies were said to have such high metabolisms that only colder climates kept them comfortable. It was another reason why they preferred the night to the day. Tom braced himself against the chill, glad that it was not as bad as the surface had been. He could not appear to be bothered by it.
They passed numerous intersections where Tom saw vampires going about their day to day tasks, which happened to be remarkably similar to the lifestyle of mortals—working to feed the family, serve the clan and one’s lord, and so on. Of all the descendant clans, Tom had often noted that their mythology among the humans was far and away the most lively and inaccurate. 
Vampires were not dead, or undead, as was often spoken of them. They were very much alive, though their subterranean ways kept them pale and cool-skinned, lending to the myths. They did crave a blood diet, but vampires still ate other things too. As far as killing them was concerned, a vampire could die just like everyone else, though preternatural strength, speed and their limited shape shifting made it a difficult task.
At last, Feyin brought Tom to the council chamber. There was no door, only an archway. Anyone desiring to know the matters discussed by the council need only speak to their family’s representative to find out what had been said. The Breed may have kept secrets, but it wasn’t usually from one another.
Twenty elder vampires were seated around a table made of stone. The surface had been polished to a mirror finish and embellished with precious stones and gold filigree. The stone itself was black onyx. The torches providing light within the chamber blazed in reflection.
“What news do you bring, Letan?” Tiberius asked from his throne facing the entrance.
Tom considered revealing his true identity to the vampire lord, but thought better of it. After all, the question of the real Letan’s whereabouts would inevitably arise. Admitting that he had killed Tiberius’s chosen emissary might detract from his plea for help regarding Charlotte.
“My lord,” he began earnestly, “the angel, Black, has attacked your daughter and imprisoned her without provocation.”
“Preposterous!” one of the counsel members scoffed.
“It is the truth,” Tom continued, holding Tiberius’s stern gaze.
The vampire lord had lived many, many years. His thick hair was kept neatly trimmed, but had become almost entirely gray. He was rather a large fellow, by anyone’s standards, mortal or otherwise.
Tiberius’s concern was evident in the intensity of his expression. However, he relied upon certain constants and steeled his mind against this shocking report.
“My son knows my feelings concerning his sister,” Tiberius said. “He would not allow Black to do such a thing.”
“My lord, I do not believe Sinister to be aware of this heinous crime against our people. However, I saw the girl imprisoned myself. Black has evidently won some of our people away from you, Lord Tiberius.”
“What do you mean, Letan?” Tiberius thundered.
“I barely managed to escape with my life upon making this terrible discovery,” Tom said. “Some of our warriors were part of this conspiracy against you.”
Tom was attempting to convey the direness of the situation without sacrificing its believability. The counselors could easily believe that Letan would flee for his life rather than fight. Likewise, they knew that Black was treacherous to deal with. If Charlotte had managed to make herself a target then the angel would care nothing for any insult this matter caused Tiberius, despite their agreement.
Tiberius rose slowly from his heavy wooden throne. “Letan, you will show me where she is being held,” he said. “I will go myself and see to this matter. One hundred of our warriors will accompany us to the mortal world. My brothers, convey this news only to our elite warriors at this time. However, if this matter is as Letan reports, we must prepare for war.”



Intercessor

I followed Oliver through the debris strewn streets of this nameless city conjured from the mind of Southresh, blasting the undead hordes that he had set upon us. I launched gouts of flame, morphed into various animal shapes, engaging them in close combat, even creating multiple images of myself to distract and confuse them. All were tactics I witnessed Oliver using. Had it not been for the grave situation we were in, I would have considered it the greatest training session I could ever endure.
The sheer number of creatures coming at us was beyond belief. Had I not already become somewhat familiar with the fantastic nature of the world in recent days and my extraordinary place in it, I would certainly have experienced a heart attack and collapsed on the spot due to sheer terror.
Oliver produced a whirlwind that swept hundreds of ghouls away. I raised the very street in reply using Helios’s techniques, sending great chunks of pavement and zombies scattering into the air. Oliver enveloped more hundreds in terrible fire, while I brought water gushing from the mains, sweeping the rotting corpses of Southresh’s soldiers away in a voluminous tide.
By all appearances we were winning, even despite the regularity with which more zombies appeared to continue the attack on us. But Southresh’s patience had finally worn thin. He would deal with us himself now.
He reduced his size as he took flight, a great sword of fire appearing in his hand. He bellowed and raged against us as he barreled down upon our position. He landed in the street before us, cracking the pavement as he touched down with a thunderclap, standing twice as tall as a man.
Standing toe to toe with a fallen angel was worse than anything we had faced so far. Even though the nature of this prison was such that Southresh could create his environment, we were still able to utilize our power. Now, everything we threw at him was nullified by his far greater strength.
A rain of fire left him unscathed. Lightning he absorbed with little more than a tickle. Water was redirected. Our illusions dissipated as soon as they were conjured. In every way, this creature created by the hand of God was superior to our best efforts. 
I considered, only for the briefest moment, an attempt to transform my person into some mighty animal form and charge him head on. Stupidity itself. I abandoned the idea quickly as every attack we mustered failed miserably.
Southresh raised his sword, stalking toward us. He was growing tired of our feeble efforts, laughing at how pathetic we were. In seconds, he would strike both of us down with minimal effort. A scripture came to me from the recesses of my mind—Jude, verse nine.
I mustered courage and faith, crying out against the angel as he brought down his fiery blade.
“The Lord rebuke thee!”
His sword fell, clashing with another ethereal blade of light. The mysterious, nameless angel that had helped me days ago after my father’s murder stood between us and Southresh. His heavenly sword moved so quickly that its form blurred in my vision. 
Electrical discharges exploded from their weapons each time they clashed. Peels of thunderous noise pounded our ears as these two angels battled for supremacy. However, I cheered for the one who was clearly going to win. In this contest, Southresh was already backpedaling against a mightier foe.
Southresh’s fiery blade flew from his hand, smashing through the wall of nearby building, leveling the structure with a great explosion. Southresh made a final attempt at hand to hand combat, but the good angel backhanded him away. Now, he stood with his sword of light held rigid at Southresh’s exposed throat. The fallen angel might not be able to die in the sense that I understood it, but he clearly feared what damage could be done by this opponent.
The good angel turned on Oliver and me, his hand outstretched. Before I could thank him, a flash of light erupted from his palm with this cry. “Seek the Mystic!”
We were yanked away from the world that Southresh had created for himself in this prison of Tartarus. Through the void we flew much faster than we had come. A blazing tunnel of light surrounded us. When it dissipated, we were standing within a meadow. A forest stood tall and imposing around us. 
I did not recognize our surroundings, but apparently Oliver did. 
“He has sent us to the Elder Wood,” he said happily.
I had no idea what that meant, but I sighed with relief just to be free from Tartarus.



The angel’s heavenly blade of light hovered over Southresh’s throat.
“I yield,” Southresh cried. “Do not torment me further. This place is enough.”
The sword dissolved from the good angel’s hand. 
“Do not ask pity from the one who knows no pity,” the angel spat.
Southresh looked up at the one who had beaten him. He had heard that voice before, but the appearance was wholly different. He stammered, confused.
“Master?” he asked.
The angel of light looked down upon him. A smirk crossed his lips.
Southresh gathered hope, coming to his knees. “Master, I don’t understand. Why did you save them from my wrath?”
The angel of light looked around at the world of Southresh’s making. He sniffed, not entirely pleased. Then he looked down at Southresh prostrate before him.
“Enjoy your prison,” he said.
Southresh cried after him, but the angel of light had already vanished.



Mystic

We had been walking for an hour before we finally stopped at a bubbling brook running through the forest. Oliver looked on while I knelt down to cup its cool water in my hand and sate my growing thirst. 
“That brook marks the boundary of the elves,” he said.
I stopped sipping the water immediately, dropping it back into the stream as if a serpent had bitten me.
“I’m sorry,” I said. “I had no idea.”
Oliver chuckled heartily. “I didn’t say it was forbidden to drink of the water,” he said, kneeling down to take a drink for himself.
I relaxed then. “Are these Tom’s people?”
“Elves, yes, but I’m not sure what clan Tom originated from. There are quite a few.”
We sipped from the stream. The water was cool and refreshing. We were glad to be out of Tartarus, though neither of us had actually voiced that feeling. The mood between us was lighter now, a palpable feeling of relief.
“Where are they?” I asked, wiping my chin.
“The elves you mean? I’m sure they’re already watching us. Difficult to spot. They’re quite good at camouflage.”
We stood there for a moment without saying anything. Oliver gazed out into the forest ahead, waiting.
“Shouldn’t we get going?” I asked, beginning to step over the stream to the other side.
Oliver grabbed my arm in an iron grip. “Wait,” he said.
I stepped back awkwardly, trying to maintain my balance without falling into the water.
“Patience is not only a virtue, Brody,” he said. “In the Fae realm it might just save your life.”
Oliver gestured to the opposite bank of the stream—the place where my foot had nearly come down. A wooden arrow shaft with black feather fletches quivered slightly where it had penetrated the earth. I stood still, wondering at how close I had come to feeling the deadly sting of that arrow.
“We will wait here,” Oliver said. “They’ll let us know when they are willing to let us cross over.”
He sat down on a nearby stone. A steaming cup of tea appeared in his hand. Oliver gestured to another stone near his. I made a gesture of my own, and both stones became wooden chairs. Oliver chuckled to himself. 
“Well, if you’re going to make a picnic of it,” he said.
A little table appeared between us with a plate of pastries sitting on a silver serving tray along with another cup of tea. I picked up the cup and a pastry, taking a bite.
“Delicious,” I reported. Actually, I was feeling quite famished after all of our fighting in Tartarus. “But how long do we have to wait?”
Oliver raised his cup to his lips with a smirk. “As long as it takes.”



Almost an hour passed before we were given any indication as to the intentions of the elves. At least the pastries had been good. I had even conjured a bit of roasted chicken which I shared with Oliver. We discussed some of our battle in Tartarus; with Oliver delighting in my progress. He offered some helpful tips and insights on the general nature of the Fae realm.
Without fanfare, the brook stopped flowing. Oliver looked over at it. “Ah,” he said. “It appears we may now cross over.”
We stood up as I observed the stream. It looked as though the water had simply been shut off somehow, leaving a wet stream bed. Our chairs reverted to the rocks they were before, and the little table with our food and cups disappeared entirely.
“Is that it?” I asked. “Just the stream drying up?”
Oliver crossed over. I followed warily, glancing at the arrow that had been shot my way an hour ago. Once we stood on the other side, the water flowed along the stream bed once more.
I turned to find Oliver already well ahead of me heading through the trees. I jogged a moment to catch up then kept pace.
“Don’t announce it, but I would like to see how many of our friends you can spot,” Oliver said.
I scanned the forest as we walked. Admittedly, at first, I saw nothing but trees, leaves in the wind and butterflies playing upon the breeze. But then, as I concentrated, my perception began to change. Human forms were outlined against the bark of tree trunks, leaves and butterflies became tiny people with wings—sprites if I knew my mythology.
Squirrels and rabbits scampering at a distance were actually spies with glamours wrapped about them to hide their true nature. The world around me became utterly different—magical—but far more dangerous than at first glance. I looked sidelong at Oliver. He was wearing a smirk.
“See anything interesting?” he asked.
I simply nodded.
“Good,” he added. 
We continued walking until we arrived at a village hanging among the treetops. I made the effort to reduce my sight and was rewarded with a view that no longer revealed the little town in the trees. A little more concentration, and it appeared to me once more.
“How do we get up there?” I asked.
“The same way any good magician does,” Oliver said, snapping his fingers.
We disappeared from the forest floor and reappeared on one of the boardwalks twisting its way through several massive tree trunks. Before I could even speak, I noticed half a dozen bows aimed at us. At least three elves held swords to my throat. Another three had Oliver in the same way. We couldn’t move without impaling ourselves.
“It would be unwise for either of you to move, or speak unless I give you permission,” one of the sword elves said.
We took his advice and waited.
“What is your business here, outlanders?” the elf asked.
I looked at Oliver. This was his show. I was only along for the ride.
“We have traveled far in order to seek council of the Mystic,” Oliver reported.
“No one sees him,” the elf replied, his hand tightening around the hilt of his sword.
Just then, a runner appeared, carrying a message. He observed the situation and hurried to the lead elf who was presently interrogating us. The runner handed the elf the message which he read. He then glared at us.
“Looks like he’s been expecting you,” the lead elf said.
He turned and started walking away from us. The others prodded us, motioning for us to follow him.
A winding path of interwoven branches led us away from the town in the treetops. This tunnel of sorts appeared to have grown this way, interlocking vine-like branches so that we felt secure as we walked along. The elf warriors escorting us kept their weapons ready to strike us down should we decide to make a run for it.
We were finally deposited within a temple that resided inside a great hollow tree. At first, I thought lamps illuminated the temple’s inner sanctum. However, upon closer inspection, I realized that this light was given off by peculiar clusters of bioluminescent mushrooms growing along the walls.
I didn’t see anyone present for several moments. Then someone moved through the room. A spectral man walked toward us, giving off a radiant glow. This elf had white hair that flowed behind him, as though he was walking through water, and piercing green eyes. Only when he stood still did his form appear to solidify.
“You seek knowledge,” the Mystic said.
This wasn’t a question. I was sure that he already knew exactly why we were here. How could you have a name like the Mystic and not know?
Oliver glanced at the warriors flanking him with bows and decided not to step closer to the Mystic.
“We were sent by an angel,” Oliver said. “However, we are not sure what knowledge we are meant to receive of you.”
“It is the key to the lock that you seek,” the Mystic said.
“The key to what lock?” I asked.
Oliver considered the Mystic’s words for a moment. 
“Do you mean a spell lock?” he asked. “Is that why our previous efforts to stop the dolls have failed?”
The Mystic simply smiled, giving a slight tilt of his head. “The lock requires the key in order to overthrow the spell.”
“I don’t understand,” I said.
“The spell that Black has cast in order to control the dolls and imprison their human hosts is bound to something or someone powerful enough to sustain it. We’ll have to destroy the key in order to break the spell.”
“So the angel sent us here to find out what the key is. Then we can destroy the dolls and free everyone!”
“Exactly,” Oliver said. “All we need to know is what Black used as a spell key.”
We turned our attention back to the Mystic expectantly.
“Where do we find the key?” Oliver asked.
“The key is always with you, Oliver James,” the Mystic said.
Oliver stared at the luminescent elf standing there in his sand-colored robes.
“I don’t get it,” I said. “That doesn’t make any sense.”
Oliver seemed to be in a trance. “He’s trying to tell us that I am the key,” Oliver replied.
The Mystic nodded his head once then waved his luminescent hand before us. One moment we were standing within the Mystic’s tree temple surrounded by elf warriors with itchy hands ready to end our lives. The next moment we were standing in London with the Tower of London rising before us against the backdrop of an overcast sky.



Black stood smiling at Stonehenge. He had watched, invisible, as Tom killed Letan the vampire and assumed his identity before using the portal to enter Greystone. The entire Stonehenge structure emitted powerful waves of spiritual turbulence. This ancient portal hub had long ago been mostly destroyed. Only the vampires maintained any use of it now. But not anymore.
Black concentrated upon the stones still standing. He felt his power well up within. Then he released his pent up energies in a burst that surged outward from him as a shockwave. The first wave fractured the remaining stones. The portals contained within the arches coalesced as a shimmer then dissipated, becoming invisible again.
Black drew deeper from the well of his power. The second and third waves of his rage unleashed against the portal stones pounded them hard enough to cause several to collapse. However, the Greystone portal remained. The angel focused upon these stones, finally shattering them with his next two attempts. The arch crumbled like a clod of dry dirt crushed between his fingers. The portal would give off residual ghost-like traces of its existence for hundreds of years to come. But the only practical way in and out of Greystone would never function as a gateway again.
Tom might have gone through in order to inform Tiberius of his daughter’s capture, but it would take much longer to establish a new portal that could allow the vampire to unleash his army upon London. In fact, Black had every intention of allowing them to come and take the city by storm. He had even established a secret portal years ago. But the memory of it, which he had placed within Tom’s mind, would only be recalled if Black no longer had access to the mortal plane.
London’s destruction, one way or another, would be assured. He would accomplish it personally, or Tiberius would become his backup executioner, unleashing all of Greystone’s bloodlust upon a mortal world unable to stop them. 
Perception had always been the key, and Black had planted his seeds of hatred long ago. Spells and suggestion were powerful tools in the hands of a true craftsman. He did not expect to lose his opportunity among the mortals, but one could never tell. He still had powerful enemies, even among the Fallen, who sought to undo his machinations, though he knew of only one who might actually manage it.
With the portal undone, Black surveyed the scene, taking pleasure in his own cleverness. If all went well, Tiberius would also discover Tom’s true identity and drain him dry for Letan’s murder. It wasn’t too much to hope for. Black smiled and vanished, leaving Stonehenge as smoldering heaps of fresh rubble amid debris that had long ago begun to sink beneath the soil.



Relentless

When Oliver and I arrived unexpectedly back in London, the last people we expected to find were there amassed before the Tower of London. Hundreds of Lycans had assembled in the streets. A broad gateway portal, at the base of the tower itself, allowed for hundreds more to pass into the mortal world. 
King Lycean stood at the head of his gathering army with his daughter and General Kron. A battle was clearly in planning. And our sudden appearance in the street had surprised them.
“What’s happening?” Oliver asked as we came near.
The fact that Sophia wore a broad smile at seeing me still alive did not escape me. To my surprise, she hugged me tightly before either of us could utter a word. I didn’t know what to do, so I just hugged her back. 
“I’m so glad you did not die,” Sophia whispered into my left ear. “I was very worried that I wouldn’t see you again, when my father revealed where you were going.”
I was frankly at a loss. Hearing Sophia’s concern for my well being was like dumping a bucket of candy into the lap of a small child. I wanted to run through the assembled soldiers shouting with glee. 
Instead, I simply replied, “It wasn’t as bad as it could’ve been. After all, I had Oliver to protect me.”
“I can’t imagine entering a place as terrible as Tartarus,” she said. “You must tell me what happened—that is if we manage to survive this day.”
Our attention now turned back to the conversation between Oliver and Sophia’s father.
“Matters have gotten far worse over the past week since you left us,” Lycean said.
“But we only left yesterday,” Oliver replied.
“A week has passed for us, though it appeared as only a day for you,” Lycean said. “The city has been overrun by Black’s dolls. If something is not done to stop them, they will spread to other cities from here. After that, what’s to stop them from reaching the realms of the Descendant clans? The angel’s power is growing too strong.”
“Those clans he has recruited will join him soon enough to see that it happens,” Oliver added. “It’s in their best interest to add their power to his while they can.”
“The king has chosen to fight this while we still can,” Kron said. To Lycean he added, “Our warriors will soon be ready to strike down these abominations, my king.”
“See to our final preparations,” Lycean commanded. “I’ll soon give the word to spread out through the city and attack.”
I turned my attention to London itself. The city was smoldering in places already. Trash and debris were scattered throughout the streets, blowing about on an unseasonably harsh breeze. Building doors hung open, and windows had been shattered in many places. The dolls had replaced their human counterparts and brought chaos to the crown jewel of the British Empire.  
“Exactly what will you do?” Oliver asked Lycean.
“We will take down these dolls of Black’s one by one,” he said. “There is no other way.”
Oliver did not contradict the Lycan king. He glanced at me, knowing that I understood what the Mystic had said. But he did not tell Lycean. I stared back, but said nothing.
“This is no time for the faint of heart,” Lycean shouted to us and to his werewolves. “We attack!”
The Lycan army tore through the square, transforming on the go, from human to semi-human to fully werewolf, sprinting lightning fast out into the city. Thousands upon thousands, including those still coming through the portal had answered the call of their king to invade London and sweep it clean of the magical scourge that now plagued its populace. But in the back of my mind, I felt sure they would fail.
It wasn’t the lack of power or cunning of the Lycans themselves. No, they were fierce and strong—probably able to rip these dolls limb from burlap limb without a second thought. Even the vast numbers present within the city would make little difference to the Lycans. But how could they succeed if the key to this spell was still present? What would happen after this attack?
No sooner had the Lycan’s gone on the hunt, than we heard the commotion of fighting; the howling of the werewolves as they shredded the magical burlap dolls. To the mortal observer, they would have seen actual people under attack by the werewolves. But this was only the façade of the dolls. They had the appearance of those they had captured. 
I watched Lycean as he proudly observed his army on the move. Sophia stood nearby watching me, a look of uncertainty on her face that matched my own. I looked at Oliver then, hoping to ask him about the Mystic’s words to us, but something was happening.
Oliver had grown pale and he was sweating profusely. Every few seconds the muscles of his face twitched. Clearly, he was trying to maintain his composure against some discomfort he was experiencing. He suddenly doubled over in pain, dropping to one knee. Lycean was at his side faster than I could move.
“Oliver, what’s wrong, my friend?” Lycean asked.
Oliver couldn’t manage to speak. Pangs of discomfort and outright pain came and went every second, draining him of what little strength he had left. He stumbled forward as we tried to stabilize him. He suddenly spasmed, falling to his hands and knees, vomiting onto the pavement. In the distance, I heard the war cries of werewolves and the horrible screeching wails of the dolls as they were cut down.
“I don’t understand what’s happening,” Lycean said.
“It’s the attack,” I answered. “Oliver is the key!”
“The key to what?” Lycean asked as we attempted to get Oliver back to a sitting position.
“The spell that gives life unto Black’s dolls,” Oliver said, trying to catch his breath.
“This attack against the dolls is killing him,” I added. “You must recall your army, or he’ll die.”
Lycean stood, looking down at Oliver. His pain continued. He vomited again, dry heaves this time. Lycean looked to Kron who had been watching from a distance. 
“Call off our attack, Kron!”
“My lord?”
“Immediately, Kron!”
Kron cried out to those within hearing, howling a different call. This cry was soon passed throughout the city. Gradually, the attack began to cease and the noise of battle with it. But Oliver did not appear to recover so easily.
Even as the Lycan army reorganized over the next half hour near their portal at the Tower of London, Oliver’s pain increased. Convulsions came and went.
“Why isn’t he getting better?” Sophia asked, attempting to apply cold compresses to Oliver’s forehead while several Lycans held him down in an attempt to keep him from thrashing and hurting himself more.
I watched Oliver’s fevered fits at a loss.
“I don’t understand,” I said. “I don’t know what’s happening.”



High up the Tower bridge construction, Black stood upon an unfinished parapet, watching the Lycan attacks taking place below throughout the city. He smiled as he heard the werewolves now passing along a cry of retreat. Below in the streets, thousands of his magical dolls had been literally torn to pieces. Their hay and sawdust stuffing lay scattered in the streets along with the personal artifacts of their host humans that bound them together.
Sinister landed beside his master in his raven form, changing quickly in order to deliver his report.
“My Breed warriors are ready to respond to this Lycan attack, my lord,” he said. His hatred for the werewolves was clear in his voice. “Shall I give the word?”
Black smiled. “No.”
“My lord?”
“Patience can be its own reward,” Black said. “And a well laid plan cannot be so easily undone.”
Sinister followed his master’s line of sight to the streets below where many dolls had been ripped apart. They had been no match for the werewolves. What he saw surprised him. But he now understood his master’s confidence.   
Throughout London, where the Lycan’s swift charge had destroyed thousands of dolls and scattered their remains, something was happening. The shredded burlap sacks were resealing, their rips and tears closing as hay and sawdust stuffing flew back into them, filling the dolls again. Within minutes, the dolls that had seemingly been destroyed were reanimated, walking throughout the city, continuing their chaos and destruction, and seeing to the capture of the real humans that still remained. 



Preparation

A day later we were back in Tidus, the grand capital city of the werewolves. Lycean and Sophia had watched Oliver through the night, allowing me to get some much needed rest. Since yesterday, his condition had gotten worse until he became unconscious—totally unresponsive.
I sat in a chair beside Oliver’s bed, resting my head upon my fist. I had been daydreaming when Oliver finally roused. 
“Where am I?” he asked.
I watched him, looking for any signs of the symptoms that had plagued him during and after the Lycan attack yesterday. He appeared to be fine now.
He looked over at me after a cursory examination of the bedchamber. “Are we in Tidus?” he asked.
I nodded.
“How long have I—?”
“Nearly twelve hours,” I reported. “We thought you were going to die, Oliver.”
He sat up in the bed. “Highly unlikely,” he said. “After all, that is the purpose of the spell key. If I died then the dolls would be lose their hold on the mortal world and their captives. The humans would be returned and the dolls would perish. At least I think that’s what would happen.”
We stared at each other for a moment.
“You know what must be done,” he said.
“We could find the humans and set them free,” I offered.
“We do not know where they are being held.”
“I believe I may have seen a human trying to escape,” I said. “It was when Tom first brought me into the Fae realm. The man was covered in gray mud.”
“And you can bring us to this place?” Oliver asked.
I didn’t say anything. I had no idea how to find that place again, no idea at all.
“There are so many different places within the Fae realm that have been created by Descendants and the Fallen. We would easier find a needle in a haystack.”
“There must be some other way,” I said.
“This is what the Mystic indicated.”
“He isn’t all knowing is he?”
“Brody,” he said, “I have to die so that countless others can live.”
“We don’t know that your death would free them,” I argued.
“I think yesterday’s events tell us exactly that,” Oliver said. “Black managed to bind me to his dolls. Any attack on them becomes an attack on me as they draw from my energies to reanimate.”
I stared at him, having no good argument to put forth. By all accounts, Oliver’s logic appeared to be sound. The truth was that I had already been thinking the same thing. I just didn’t want to admit defeat, and Oliver becoming a martyr certainly seemed like defeat to me.
He moved to the edge of the bed on my side and flashed a grin. “Don’t worry, Brody,” he said. “Don’t lose faith.”
“What?”
“You know, for so long I’ve held onto the belief that I could never be more than the sum of my heritage. A monster born of monsters. I held that against our Creator—believed it was impossible that any Descendant could be anything more. But when you told us of your faith, I began to wonder if that belief was really true.”
“I don’t understand.”
“When we went to Tartarus and found that you were even closer to Southresh than me, I realized that your heritage had nothing to do with your ability to trust the Almighty. So, why should my heritage prevent me doing the same?”
I smiled. “It shouldn’t.”
“True,” he said. “That’s why I’ve since come to trust him as my savior and lord as you have.”
I hadn’t been expecting to hear such a profession from Oliver. I couldn’t help smiling, despite the situation we now found ourselves in.
“So, if this is his will that my life should be forfeit for those mortals that have been abducted by Black, then what better way for me to fight this war than to trust our lord and do what is required of me to win?”
My smile faded. “I just wish there was some other way.”
“So do I,” Oliver replied. “But I can’t see any.”
We sat together for a moment, saying nothing. I searched every cranny of my mind for some alternative, but ultimately came up short.
“I also hope that you will do what is necessary, Brody,” Oliver said.
“What do you mean?”
“You must be the one to kill me.”



Two hours later, sitting in one of the many beautiful parks located in Tidus, I still could not fathom the task that had been set before me.
“You must be the one to kill me,” Oliver had said within his bedchamber.
“What? Are you insane?” had been my immediate reply.
But he had been completely serious. He felt that I had been sent to perform this task by God. As his near kinsman through Southresh’s bloodline, I felt compelled to agree that it might be the case. However, every fiber of my being also wanted to save my older half brother from this fate. 
If for no other reason, I needed Oliver. I realized this to be a selfish reason, but it was true nonetheless. Who else could teach me all that I needed to know about who I was? Oliver possessed the same abilities and had mastered them long ago. I would be lost without him to train me. And, if this sacrifice did not end the war, who would face down Black?
That last question was one I had actually asked Oliver.
“I understand your concerns, Brody, but I’m not sure how to answer. My death will only do away with the spell that allows the dolls to function in the mortal world and hold the humans in the Fae realm. Black would remain.”
“Then how can your death possibly be the Lord’s answer to our problem,” I reasoned.
“I would have to agree with Brody,” Sophia said. 
She had come to the park with us.
“Believe me when I say, I would love to agree with you both,” Oliver said. “I don’t want to die, but I can’t see any other way of freeing the humans. Please don’t make this harder than it has to be.” 
I sulked for the next few minutes, at least as long as Oliver was willing to allow. 
“We’ve no time for this,” Oliver insisted. “I need to show you something while I can.”
“What is it?” I asked, eager to change the subject and genuinely curious about anything new I might learn.
Oliver stood on the pavement before us, looking quite serious. I noticed a bit of concentration in his expression, as though whatever he was about to do required some extra effort beyond his usual fare. In a moment, a bluish transparent sphere formed around him. Had I not known better, I would have thought Oliver was standing in the middle of a giant soap bubble.
I stood up, walking over to him, peering with interest at the conjuring. 
Oliver smiled with satisfaction. “Well, what do you think?”
“It’s very pretty,” Sophia observed.
“Quite,” I said, grinning, “but what is it?”
Oliver offered a wan smile. “Protection and more.”
Admittedly, I almost giggled. I thought, perhaps, this was simply a joke, something to lighten the mood.
“Looks like a balloon,” I said. “Will it make you talk funny?”
“Try to pop it then,” Oliver dared.
I considered my options. I could poke it with a finger, but I might very well lose a finger, since I had no idea what this bubble actually was. I opted instead for a sword—something big and flashy. I held out my hand and put a bit of my own concentration into the conjuring. Realizing the powerful being I was descended from had bolstered my confidence quite a bit—not to mention the fight with Southresh’s zombies.
A brilliant silver sword materialized in my hand from nothing. It was heavy, but not too much. Using both hands, I brandished my weapon before Oliver just to see if he really wanted me to go through with it. He arched an eyebrow and gave me an amused look that sealed the deal.
I put all my strength into my swing and struck the blue bubble surrounding him. I’m not exactly sure what happened. The next thing I knew, Sophia was helping me up off of the ground. Oliver was still standing within his bubble, but trying not to laugh at me.
“What happened?” I managed as Sophia helped me to a sitting position.
“You tried to pop the bubble,” she said. “It didn’t work.”
That much I knew already. My silver sword was lying on the ground about twenty feet away. Only half of the blade was left—a scorched smoldering shard that had definitely met its match in Oliver’s bubble.
“When you struck it, you flew backwards onto the ground, shaking like cold winter,” Sophia continued.
I looked up at Oliver as I slowly got to my feet with Sophia’s assistance. A slight grin crossed my lips as I straightened. 
“All right,” I said, “show me how you did that.”



I watched with growing frustration as the blown glass vase vibrated. My full concentration was on this vessel, attempting an exercise that Oliver had left me with over two hours before. Gradually, cracks began to spider web throughout the glass. That was good—a key part of the exercise. 
The pile of broken glass scattered nearby testified to my previous failures. I had shattered some with explosions. Others had been managed better, but had fallen apart nonetheless.
The exercise had been for me to web the glass with fractures under strict control and then reseal them all so that nothing would appear to be wrong with it. Oliver had shown me the exercise. I had watched as he took one of these same vessels and concentrated. The glass fractured throughout in a precise way, and then the entire process of fracturing reversed before my eyes. When Oliver had finished, I examined the vase and found no visible flaws. But it was easier to watch than do myself.
The glass vase fractured under my careful watch. A little more, I told myself, but not too much. Honestly, I was expecting to lose it on this one just as I had on the others. I went past the point of no return, when the web of fractures should have caused the vase to break apart. This time I held the original shape of the piece in my mind and thereby held the structure together. 
Only my will was keeping it together now. That had to be the secret. Oliver had mentioned this, of course, but I had been too eager to try the exercise for myself, expecting it to be as easy as it looked. I had to split my thoughts in two. One part of me to control the fractures while the other maintained the original shape. Now, came the part of the exercise I had not gotten to before—resealing all of the fractures.
I paused, holding the structure together, leaving off of the fracturing. That part of my mind began to urge the glass to become whole again. It took a moment to shift my thinking clearly, but then it began to happen. I wouldn’t say it was done as smoothly as Oliver. However, I did manage to reseal the fractures until none remained.
Finally, I let go of the whole thing with my mind. If only my will was maintaining it, the vase would break apart. There was no one with me watching. Oliver had insisted on no distractions until I successfully completed the exercise. I removed my will completely from the glass and stared at it, waiting for the inevitable disintegration to occur. Seconds passed, then minutes. The vase remained whole.
I walked over to it and picked it up. The glass didn’t fracture anew. It seemed as good as when I had begun. I smiled brightly, unable to keep myself from it. I ran to Oliver with my prize as fast as I could. Now, he would teach me the art of the bubble.



Extensions

After I had cleaned up all of the glass shards I had produced in the park courtyard, Oliver had informed me that we would now produce Extensions.
“Extensions?” I asked. “Do you mean the bubbles?”
“If you like that better,” he replied. “However, they are technically known as Extensions because they are primarily extensions of your inner self.”
“Okay,” I said. I really didn’t understand that explanation at all. Oliver seemed to realize this would be the case.
“Do you know anything about insects, Brody?” he asked.
I nodded. I did know a few things.
“Insects,” he continued, “wear their skeletons on the outside of their bodies, rather than on the inside, like we do. This gives them a kind of armor plating that’s tough to penetrate. It keeps their insides safe.”
I nodded. It made sense to me.
“The extension, or bubble, acts as a kind of exoskeleton, allowing our physical bodies to remain safe on the inside.”
“Sort of a shield?” I asked.
“In a way, but not exactly,” Oliver replied. “A Shield isn’t a part of the person. This Extension is literally like pushing your spiritual self out in a form that surrounds you. It’s only as strong as you are, and you will feel the damage it takes.”
“Oh,” I said, feeling less enthusiastic about the bubble technique than before.
“Don’t misunderstand me,” Oliver continued. “Your inner spiritual self is far stronger than your mortal body. It is the part of you that is eternal, whereas these bodies are actually quite weak in comparison. Remember the sword you used against me?”
“Your body couldn’t have repelled it like that, but your inner self could,” I answered, feeling a bit more confidence with the concept.
“Exactly,” Oliver replied. “In a way, you are merely turning yourself inside out, putting forth your strongest part.”
“It sounds complicated,” I said.
“True, but that’s where the glass exercise comes in. The ability to split your mind apart and concentrate on several things at once is essential to learning how to extend yourself.”
Oliver then extended his bubble again, as he had before.
“How do I do that?” I asked.
Oliver looked at Sophia who was watching about ten feet away. “You should stand behind me, Sophia,” he said.
She looked at Oliver and then me. “Okay,” she said.
“Trust me, you’ll probably thank me later,” he added.
Sophia got up and walked over to stand behind Oliver’s Extension bubble. She peered curiously over his shoulder through the bubble at me.
“What was all that about?” I asked.
“Trust me,” he said. “Now, I want you to reach within yourself and find your power, just as you must do when conjuring or changing your form. However, when you have hold of that power, I want you to bring it outward and hold it around you.”
I concentrated on doing exactly what Oliver had asked of me. Finding my inner power was easy enough after all of the practice I had gained recently. However, forcing it to emerge in such a controlled way was altogether different from what I had been used to.
I closed my eyes, wanting to be sure that I wasn’t distracted by Oliver, Sophia, or anything else around me. I felt the power expanding from within, pushing outside my body. As I had been forced to hold the shape of the glass vase, I held this expansion back by sheer force of will. It wanted to burst forth, but I couldn’t let it.
The power was coming out of me, extending beyond the boundaries of my mortal body. I opened my eyes and saw the light refracted around me, feeding me a distorted view of the world around me. Oliver and Sophia were both watching intently. Perhaps they could now see the formation of the bubble around me. Then the bubble got away from me.
The echo of a horrendous crash lingered as I opened my eyes again. The bubble, with its distorted view, was gone. The fountain, where Sophia had been sitting a moment ago, was also gone. At least, any resemblance to a fountain was gone. The blocks had shattered to pieces, and the water had been thrown across a fifty yard spread of the park around us. The bushes, flowers and other vegetation had been shredded and scattered as well.
However, Oliver and his Extension bubble remained. Sophia peered over his shoulder again, uncovering her ears as she did so. She surveyed the scene around us then looked at Oliver. “Thank you,” she said.
“What happened?” I asked. 
“Don’t you know?” he replied. “You lost your focus and lost control. That power had to go somewhere. Part of it withdrew inside you while the rest did all this.”
On every side, I saw destruction.
Oliver chuckled. “It’s not as bad as you might think. This technique took me an entire day to get even that far when I first tried. Besides, if you had enemies on all sides, that loss of control could prove useful. Now, try again, and remember to hold onto your focus.”



A little over an hour later I had finally achieved holding the Extension steady without destroying anything. Twilight had come to Tidus, though it seemed to come earlier than in the mortal world. Sophia had gone and had our dinner sent out to us on a golden cart by a servant. After eating, I insisted he take cart away so that I didn’t accidentally destroy it too.
Oliver stood protected within his Extension, and I stood in my own. “Now what?” I asked.
“Now, comes the fun part,” he said. “Reach forward and touch the inner surface of your Extension.”
I did so. As my finger came into contact, a ripple fanned out through the bubble. I felt a slight tingling sensation. It was actually pleasant. 
Oliver did the same within his bubble. A bolt of electricity arced between our Extensions. I felt the lightning hit my bubble. This sensation was not pleasant. I felt a bit of a drain on my strength, but otherwise remained unharmed.
“Did you notice the difference?” Oliver asked. “That bolt of lightning would likely have killed your mortal body.”
“I didn’t enjoy it, but it didn’t hurt either,” I reported. “But how did you attack me through your Extension?”
“From my Extension, not through it,” Oliver corrected. “This Extension is the same power that normally resides within us, so my attack originated with it. It’s not necessary to make contact, but it does make it easier to direct your energies.”
I already knew how to produce lightning, so I made an attempt, touching the inner surface of the bubble, as I had before. A white hot bolt arced from my Extension to Oliver’s. He smiled at my progress.
“Does it only produce lightning?”
“Try whatever you like,” Oliver said. “Theoretically, anything you can do without the Extension in place should still be possible.”  
I touched the inner surface of the bubble with one of my favorite attacks in mind. The outer surface of the Extension reacted by sending a gout of flame in Oliver’s direction. His bubble absorbed the fire, leaving him unharmed. I slashed across the inner surface with my fingertips. A crescent of white hot energy carved a line through the pavement at Oliver’s feet, but his Extension absorbed the rest. A ripple of current across its surface upon each impact was the only reaction.
“I believe you’re getting the hang of it, Brody,” Oliver said, looking over my shoulder.
I followed his line of sight. Lycean and Sophia had appeared on the hill behind me. Neither of them looked the least bit pleased. Had I not known better, I might have thought they were angry about the mess I had made in their beautiful park.
Lycean called to Oliver, “Our preparations are ready!”
Oliver dropped his Extension. “We’re ready,” he answered.
I also dropped my bubble, drawing the power back within myself.
“What are we ready for?” I asked.
Oliver stepped over the debris scattered across the pavement between us, pausing as he walked toward the hill.
“My death.”



Ritual

We were led by Lycean and Sophia to one of the many temples located in Tidus. This particular monument to their past kings had been constructed in a completely different way from any other that I had already seen and was located in a secluded area of the city. As we passed by the ornamental wall that surrounded it, I got my first view.
A giant sphere made of stone sat atop of a squat cylindrical pedestal that appeared to contain a simple concavity that balanced the entire structure. A garden containing many varieties of flowers surrounded it in rows that resembled the spokes of a carriage wheel with the temple at the hub. I searched for a door, but found none.
“How do we get in?” I asked.
Oliver walked beside me with the king and Sophia ahead.
“This particular temple can only be accessed by a special portal,” Lycean explained.
“What king does this temple commemorate?” I asked.
Oliver chuckled. “The greatest of the Lycan kings,” he proclaimed.
Ahead of us, Lycean sighed wearily. 
My confusion was finally answered by Sophia. “Oliver built this temple in honor of my father,” she said, offering a smile for Oliver.
I looked at him with newfound admiration.
“I had no idea you were so diverse with your talents,” I said. “An architect?”
“Don’t worry,” Oliver replied, “you’ll find it rather unconventional.”
When we reached the end of the flower rows near the temple, we passed through a distortion, like penetrating the surface of water. This virtually invisible portal delivered us directly into the temple itself. We found ourselves standing upon a central plinth that extended out nearly to the inner surface of the globe. The plinth’s surface had been intricately carved with a vast mural depicting what I assumed must be the entire history of the Lycan people. Illuminating the entire temple was a blue flame that hovered in the very middle of the sphere.
Looking up to examine the flame, I noticed its odd nature.
“Oliver, how did you get the flame to lick downward at us against gravity?” I asked.
He stifled a laugh, as did the others. 
“I didn’t,” he reported. “We are actually standing on the inner surface at the top of this globe. You and I are contradictory to gravity at the moment, not the flame.”
I looked up again and all around, but there was no other landmark to gauge our orientation. I would have expected to feel the blood rushing to my head, or some other disorientation as an indicator, but I felt no different.
“Amazing,” was all I could manage to say about the temple’s unorthodox construction.
Oliver gave a slight bow in reply.
It was a lighthearted moment. A moment I would hold on to for a long time after that day. Then the terrible reality of our situation came crashing back in like a tidal wave. We were here in this place to end the power of Black’s dolls over the citizens of London. We were here to remove the key to the angel’s spell that animated them in this world. We were here to kill Oliver James.
Lycean presented me with a cloth wrap. He unfolded the silk to reveal a bright blade beneath, a dagger of exquisite beauty. I looked at Oliver who happened to be staring at the blade. 
“I can’t do this,” I said.
“You must, Brody,” he replied. “I require you to draw the flame down into the blade before you strike. I do not wish to linger in pain, after all. That should certainly do it.”
“Lycean?” I begged.
He gave me a solemn look. “I wish it did not have to be,” he said.
“You are the only one who can do this, Brody,” Oliver explained. “Only you and I can draw down the flame. And I’m afraid I could not sufficiently carry this out on my own.”
I reached out and took the dagger from its wrappings. It was heavy, possibly made of pure silver. Certainly it was a beautiful piece. I knew that I could perform the conjuring without difficulty. Having Oliver as my mentor had given me confidence. I was less sure that I could actually kill my friend, despite the ramifications.
“Well, let’s not drag this out any more than necessary,” Oliver said. “As far as my affairs are concerned, I have made arrangements, legally claiming Brody as my ward and heir.”
“I don’t understand,” I said.
“You will inherit all that I have,” Oliver explained. “And, in my absence, I hope you will carry on the fight against Black, Brody. Lycean, I hope I can count upon your long support as applicable to the boy.”
“Of course, my friend,” Lycean said. “All that I have and more is yours.”
I did not know what to say at this gesture. Oliver smiled at us. “You have been very good friends,” he said finally. “I shall miss you all. However, considering my new faith in our God, I trust I will see you soon enough, provided you share those convictions.” Oliver looked at me and winked. “Be sure that you share this faith with them, as you did with me.”
I choked upon any words I might say and simply nodded. The silver dagger felt very heavy in my hands now. The moment was practically upon me. I would lose someone I had hoped to know for the rest of my life—a  brother and a friend—a mentor like no other in this world. But he was slipping away, and there was nothing to be done for it.
“I’m ready,” Oliver said. “Do what must be done, Brody.”
He stood stock still with his hands at his sides waiting. I swallowed against the gathering lump in my throat. It was time. There was no going back. 
I raised the silver dagger toward the inverted fire burning at the center of the spherical temple. With little effort, I drew down a stream of blue flame, willing it to converge with the blade and remain there. The fire obeyed, though it took on our inverted nature now, appearing normal to us in our upside down orientation.
I stood before Oliver with the dagger raised high in my right hand ready to strike. Tears welled in my eyes, but I pushed back against my emotions. I had to be strong in order to save all of those people who would otherwise be at Black’s mercy. 
This is a victory for Oliver in his fight against Black. I kept thinking that, trying to sell myself on the nobility of what we were about to do. All the while, my mind continued to scream out about the insanity of this ritual. Was there no other way?
Oliver closed his eyes and spread his arms out, ready to embrace death itself and whatever else he would soon face. I drove down with all my might, hoping my boy’s strength would be enough to even do the job right. There came a whoosh as the air buffeted the flame. The dagger plunged toward Oliver’s waiting breast.
An explosion of blue fire and a discharge of electrical current sent me flying backwards into the quick care of Lycean’s powerful arms. Oliver had also been thrown down by the unexpected exchange. Standing between us stood the mysterious angel who had both fed me in the alley and saved our lives in Tartarus.
His expression was urgent.
“You shall not harm Oliver James,” he said.
Wearily, I dropped the knife, nodding to the angel, happy that intervention had come. Oliver recovered quicker than I did, getting back to his feet.
“But the Mystic told us that I was the key,” he said. “I have to die in order to save the people of London.”
The angel turned toward him with a gentle smile, laying his hand on Oliver’s shoulder. “There is another way.”



Alternatives

I had never been so glad to see someone in all my life. When the angel showed up suddenly to stop me from killing Oliver, my hopes were lifted. I was reminded of God’s intervention during the sacrifice of Isaac. Unfortunately, my hopes were soon to be dashed. Something had to be done to save the mortal citizens of London, and Oliver still had the misfortune of being the spell key that allowed them free reign in this world.
We four stood captivated by the angel’s appearance. He was robed in white apparel with a golden sash at his waist. Light emanated from an aura that surrounded him, and his face was a model of benevolence.
“What must we do, if not follow the Mystic’s instructions?” Oliver asked.
“Did the Mystic instruct you to kill yourself, or have your friends perform the deed?” the angel asked.
We thought about it for a moment. I couldn’t remember those exact words, though we had taken that explanation away from it.
“He told us that I was the key and had to be removed from this world,” Oliver reported.
“Then that is what was meant,” the angel said.
“But what does that mean, if not killing him?” I asked.
“The Fae realm cannot be the answer,” Lycean said. “You’ve been to Tidus several times since the dolls appeared in London and still they live.”
“No, the Fae is rooted in the mortal world,” Oliver explained. “It cannot exist independently of it.”
We all looked at one another. Our epiphany came simultaneously.
“Tartarus!”
“It does exist independently of the mortal realm,” the angel said.
“But isn’t Tartarus a prison only for angel kind?” I asked. “The scriptures seem to indicate as much.”
“A prison only to angels,” the angel confirmed.
“Meaning I would have to imprison myself there,” Oliver deduced. “Dwelling there, the spell would be broken.”
“Then why didn’t that happen when you both went there a week ago?” Sophia asked.
We looked to the angel for the answer to that mystery.
He smiled with kindness in his eyes to us. “Black was still on Earth,” he said.
The answer seemed elementary. Both Black and Oliver would have to be confined to Tartarus in order to break the fallen angel’s spell on London. I only had one obvious question left to ask.
“Once the spell is broken, would Oliver then be able to return?”   
Here the angel’s countenance fell somewhat. “I’m afraid that would be impossible,” he said. “Oliver must bind himself to Black and then cast himself into the oblivion of Tartarus. Were he to leave, Black would then be freed.”
Our spirits fell in that moment. The angel’s appearing had brought no hope, no good news to us. The heaviness of our weight of despair had not lightened in the least, but grown heavier. Oliver’s fate would not be death, but a fate worse than death. Buried alive within the incomprehensible madness of Tartarus. 



Charlotte had long surrendered to the incessant aching of her every muscle as she hung bound by strong cords fastened to her extremities. These, in turn, fastened her to the walls of the cylindrical chamber rising up around her. The skin of her neck and wrists and ankles had been blistered and torn through days ago by her struggling to be free. She was held fast in Black’s trap, awaiting what exactly she had no idea.
Still, the aching of her muscles was in no comparison to the terrible thirst that her days without feeding had born in her. Charlotte needed blood very badly. The urge to drink and be filled was quite maddening. And though she had long ago made her pact not to kill innocents, she knew without a doubt that vow would not withhold her now if given the chance.
Her perception of time was completely undone in this terrible prison. She had no light from the outside, no fresh air to breathe. They did not even allow her the opportunity to bathe or relieve herself. Only water in small amounts had been provided.
At last the door opened, and Charlotte found herself anxious just for some change in her surroundings. A vampire she knew by acquaintance only entered the room. Miles had still been a youth when this war began. Even now she perceived his inexperience and trepidation. He may not have feared human kind, but Miles did fear her.
As he came fully into the chamber, the unmistakable scent of man filtered through around him. He was dragging behind him an elder gentleman—evidently someone they had taken from the street. The powerful urge to sink her teeth into his flesh and drink gnawed incessantly at the very fiber of her being. She might have struggled to get to him, but her bonds prevented her efforts, so she remained still, watching them both.
Miles paraded the elderly gentleman before her like meat before a starving dog. Charlotte closed her eyes, not wanting to think about the man, but knowing it was impossible to put his blood from her mind. Miles seemed to be mocking her, but she knew this young vampire was actually acting to cover his own intimidation. Charlotte’s reputation as a deadly warrior among her people was well known.
The man still wore a gray suit. He seemed not to realize who it was that had abducted him, or the reason why he had been brought into this cell to view Charlotte’s condition. His eyes conveyed his dismay. Clearly he was appalled to see a young woman kept bound under such conditions. But he did not see her as a threat. At least, not yet.
Miles came to Charlotte cautiously without seeming to be cautious. His eyes never left hers. He removed the cord that gagged her. She knew exactly why. Black meant to keep her alive and that required blood. At the same time, he was probably aware of the predicament Charlotte had placed herself in. She had long ago chosen to only feed upon the dregs of society—particularly the criminal elements. 
This man, on the other hand, was anything but. He appeared to be a gentleman, a man of honest means and dignity. And while all people may have skeletons in their closets, he was not at all the sort Charlotte would have chosen for herself. Black no doubt relished the choice she would have to make: satisfy the incessant ache within, or cast aside her chosen morality.
Miles allowed the man to go free within the cell. He backed away from Charlotte once the gag was free. The gentleman stood against the wall waiting, apparently unsure about what was going to happen next. Miles passed through the doorway, glanced at the gentleman then at Charlotte.
“Have fun?” he said with laughter in his eyes.
The door was shut again. Miles bolted it from the outside. They were in here together—a starved predator and her unknowing prey. 
Charlotte glanced at the man then cast her gaze toward the ground, shutting her eyes. She had to drown out the voices shouting within her mind to feast upon this mortal. The man, being kindhearted, did nothing to help her squash this instinct’s call.
“My dear girl,” he said, approaching.
He was not bound in any way. However, this would not help him. Had he been bound, he might have resigned himself to sitting plaintively against the wall. Instead, he was free within the cell, feeling pity for the young girl who hung bound before him battered and bruised.
“Whatever have these fiends done to you?”
He was presently beginning to examine the ropes.
Charlotte attempted to spurn his assistance. “Stay away from me,” she said. She wanted to scream at him to leave her alone, but her pleas were feeble and half-hearted at best. The gentleman, being kind, disregarded any such notion. He intended to free her, as any gentleman would.
He came close, too close, trying to loose the bonds that held Charlotte fast to the walls of their cell. The odor of mortal flesh and blood became overpowering. She wrested against the sweet sensations, fighting them by will alone. She would not succumb, she could not. A terrible battle raged within her. She pushed and pushed, until finally the aching began to subside.
The gentleman, however, was unaware of this battle and certainly unaware of her victory. His fumbling with the cords had ceased moments ago. His hands dropped as he stumbled backward away from Charlotte. He reached up to his neck, clutching his right side. His hand came up before his bewildered gaze covered with fresh blood.
Charlotte couldn’t understand what had happened. Hadn’t she been winning over her body? The metallic taste assaulted her senses anew. His blood was upon her lips. Her victory had been nothing more than unconsciously satisfying those damnable cravings while the gentleman stood near trying to free her. Fortunately, he had not. Otherwise, she might have leaped upon him, finishing the deed.
As it was, though, the gentleman was still very much alive, though dazed and confused. He stumbled backward until he met the wall, appearing quite surprised by the entire situation. Even with his wounds and the crimson stain upon his hand he probably did not understand what had happened. 
He slumped against the wall, sliding down until his knees wobbled and he fell over on his side. The gentleman lay there gasping like a fish. Charlotte watched him remorsefully. But at least the ache was gone. She couldn’t help the relief she was feeling. Still, eventually she would have to feed again. What would happen then?



Miles stood outside the cell door, feeling quite good about himself. At least, he thought he was feeling good about himself. He was serving Black faithfully, after all. Surely, there was no reason to fear.
Your master, Sinister, does not realize what you’ve done here. What will happen to you when he figures it out. Will he care for his sister?
He serves Black as we all do, Miles decided. Sinister would not dare to go against the fallen angel.
Really? This girl is his flesh and blood. And you are responsible now for adding to her torment. Black cannot be killed, but his vengeance might easily fall upon the one guarding her.
I’m just doing what I’ve been told to do by Black, Miles reasoned.
You are a traitor to your people. You have chosen to betray your king, Tiberius. Surely, his daughter’s tortuous death will bring down his fury upon a traitor such as you.
But what can I do about it? Black will not listen to reason. He will not release the girl.
But Tiberius and Sinister would at least know that you attempted to help them.
Yes, he thought. That’s true.
If you go now, there may still be time to warn your master before the girl dies.
Miles walked away from the cell he had been guarding. Then he was suddenly running, then flying in the form of a crow. He would warn Sinister before it became too late, before he and Tiberius learned of his part in all of this mess.



The good angel stood behind in the corridor as Miles went. He had remained entirely invisible, whispering doubt into  the young vampire’s mind, manipulating his fears according to the angel’s own design.
He turned to the cell door. Within, Charlotte was still held fast in bonds. The angel did not unlock the door, or enter her cell. Neither did he perform any sort of conjuring that would have enabled her to free herself. He did, however, smile as he watched the young vampire go. A moment later, the angel had disappeared entirely.



Brotherly

One had only to follow the fresh trail of corpses in order to find Sinister and the other Breed warriors accompanying him. Black had finally given them permission to begin a gleaning of the inhabitants of the city. After all, with so many citizens in London and the surrounding countryside, quite a lot had not been captured during their primary campaign using Black’s dolls.
Of course, they consisted mostly of the very poor—homeless dregs whose lives were of little value to either Black, or society at large. Given their druthers, many of these hapless poverty-borne wretches might have begged for exactly the release Sinister and his vampires offered. Death, it might be reasoned, was a better alternative to their ceaseless misery and suffering.
However, Sinister and his Breed cared nothing about the feelings of these poor souls. Neither did they carry out their mission with mercy. A great many had died already in quite gruesome fashion. They were vampires. All they considered was the need for prey having beating hearts and that sweet sustenance flowing through their veins.
A thousand vampire warriors had descended upon London’s survivors. These unfortunates had spent recent days watching as so many people were taken by mysterious burlap dolls. Now, despite having seemingly escaped this bizarre apocalypse, they had become food for another army.
Miles flew across London searching for his brothers. He stopped along the way, finding an elderly woman cowering in an alleyway. Only she knew the horrors she had witnessed. When Miles found her, he drank her quickly, dropping her lifeless body as he transformed back to his crow form in pursuit of his master again.
He finally found them in Whitechapel where a great many of the poor and criminal elements had been left untouched by the dolls. The Breed were ransacking the entire area, scouring the place clean of the living. When the time came for their inevitable push outward, these vampires would be well fed and ready to fight.
Sinister was not difficult to locate. He was at the forefront of the carnage, not to mention that each vampire had their own recognizable scent. They could locate one another over long distances.
The vampire prince dropped his current victim as Miles transformed before him. “Where have you been?” Sinister demanded. 
“My lord, I have pressing news concerning your sister,” he said.
Immediately, Sinister gave Miles his undivided attention. Around them, the carnage continued unabated. Drawing a vampire away from his bloodlust was nearly an impossible task.
“What has happened?”
“Black has imprisoned her,” Miles reported, nervously. He wasn’t sure what kind of reaction his news might cause.
“What are you talking about?” Sinister demanded.
“She is being kept in the warehouses where the dolls are made, my lord,” Miles continued. “She was beaten and bound there days ago by Black himself.”
The rage was building in Sinister’s face, his own blood infusing his skin with unbridled fury. 
“Take me to her,” he commanded.
Miles was unsure whether this might somehow backfire on him but too fearful to refuse. He led his prince across London to the warehouses. In his rage, the raven threatened to overtake and outpace the crow. Miles could barely manage to stay ahead of him. He only hoped not to be implicated in the matter when blame began to drop. The idea of facing either Black, or Sinister had little appeal.
When Sinister landed among the vampires left guarding the warehouses, Miles noticed the confusion of faces around them. Black had told them about Tom impersonating Sinister before. Was this the true prince of the vampires, or another imposter? Still, they didn’t seem eager to find out.
None of the Breed dared to oppose Sinister as he marched through them, following the scent of his sister. Miles followed along behind him. What else could he do? He had opened Pandora’s box. He could only wait to find out what happened now.



Charlotte noticed the familiar scent of her brother moments before the door to her cell was smashed in. Sinister stood on the other side with his right foot still hanging in the air where he had kicked it. Not even this commotion was enough to wake the mortal gentleman from his blood-loss-induced slumber.
The look upon her brother’s face when he saw her was a mixture of rage and complete horror. He laid his eyes upon here many cuts and bruises. The foul stench of excrement would have also assaulted his senses even before the door was opened. Despite her innocence in the matter, Charlotte felt ashamed for him to look upon her in this condition.   
“What have I done?” he asked himself.
Sinister stepped into the cell. A flourish of his cloak produced a silver sword. Charlotte recognized the weapon as the same one given unto him by their father many years ago. She wasn’t sure if he intended to end her imprisonment or her life.
He slashed at the cords binding Charlotte to the stone walls. The silver cut through her bonds like butter. As gravity took control, Charlotte collapsed to the floor. Having had little food or water, she felt as weak as a kitten.
Sinister caught her immediately, cradling her like a child. “Sister, forgive me,” he whispered.
Charlotte looked into her brother’s face, finding guilty tears in his eyes. He scooped her into his arms and turned toward the door. 
“I’ll get you back to our father,” he said.
He strode down the dingy corridor then out into the openness of the warehouse. All around them, Breed warriors had gathered. All eyes were upon Sinister and Charlotte now, though no one stepped forward to interfere with his rescue effort.
In return, he shot them all icy looks of bitter contempt. Not only had they all betrayed their own people, they had betrayed him as their prince. Miles stood by anxiously.
“We must leave quickly,” he said, peering in every direction.
Charlotte knew exactly who the young vampire must be looking for, and they were not to be disappointed. A small spark of flame ignited upon the concrete warehouse floor. It bobbed about like a fiery cricket attempting madly to extinguish itself.
Sinister stopped in his tracks before the little hopping flame. He set Charlotte upon her feet then stepped in front of her protectively. Drawing his silver sword, he waited.
“Brother, we must go,” she said from behind him, but he would not budge.
“Miles, take my sister and go,” Sinister said. “As for me, the time has come to end this.”
Miles stepped toward Charlotte. The little flame erupted into much more, becoming as large as a man. Sinister raised his sword as Black stepped from the flames, holding the fire still in his upturned palms. Miles transformed into his crow as both Sinister and Charlotte evaded jets of flame thrown by Black. The crow was engulfed and devoured by it while brother and sister found momentary safety.
“Go, Sister!” Sinister cried as he charged Black.
Charlotte was too weak to stop his endeavor. A quick transformation to raven form saved her from bolts of lightning thrown haphazardly from Black’s fingertips as he attempted to evade Sinister’s attack. She tumbled midair then shot upward toward one of the windows. Fearful and trembling, Charlotte launched out of the warehouse while a thunderous cacophony resounded below. Her brother had finally turned against Black in order to save her. Had it been possible, the raven would have wept, knowing that her brother would very shortly die having rescued her.



Sinister circled Black like a panther, his silver sword having already absorbed a great deal of the angel’s lightning. This elegant weapon had been crafted by elves long ago, sealed with magical bonds, and had been given unto him by his father. It had some ability to do damage to Black, but the fact that an angel could not be killed was not lost on him. 
“So, your rebellion has finally come?” Black said, laughing.
“For your attack on my sister, I would kill you if it were possible,” Sinister said. “But these warriors of the Breed should also know how you sacrificed their brothers knowingly when you destroyed the home of Oliver James. You did not even have compassion toward those who fought for your cause.”
“Did you honestly expect compassion?” Black asked, amused.
“I was deceived by you in life, but now, in my death, I see you clearly,” Sinister said.
Black was about to attack and end this vampire’s ramblings when he noticed the subtle movements of the Breed warriors around him. All of the vampires had closed in, encircling him and Sinister.
“All of you?” Black asked.
Sinister smiled as he surveyed the scene. They had been entirely surrounded, and the Breed did not look pleased to hear what their angelic leader had done to their fallen comrades. 
“You will not use the Breed any longer,” Sinister declared.
“You’re a fool if you think so,” Black countered.
A single glance to his vampire warriors was all that it took to initiate their attack. The Breed rushed in upon Black while he made no real effort to stop them. Sinister came through them with his sword ready to strike. He drove the blade through Black’s chest, feeling intensely satisfied by this revolution. But it was short lived. 
A vacuum of immense power sucked the vampires in upon the angel, like the gravity of a black hole drawing stars to their doom. Crushed by his power they formed a tortured mass of writhing flesh. A white hot discharge of energy enveloped them all, incinerating everyone and everything in its path, consuming even the warehouse around them.
A few ragged charred remnants remained of the building along with a fresh crater in the earth. Of Sinister and the vampires with him, not a trace remained to their existence. Alone, Black walked through the red hot embers of destruction. Not a speck of dirt adhered to him in his tailored suit and top hat. Not a trace of any wound could be found to suggest anyone had attacked him at all.



Reduction

By far it is easier to come up with a plan of action than it is to actually carry it out. Such was our dilemma. The mysterious good angel had arrived just in time to stop the ceremonial dagger that would have ended Oliver’s life. He had also suggested another way to deny the burlap dolls their spell key, as well as a means of ridding humanity of the fallen angel controlling them. But all of these wonderful events happened to hinge upon Oliver James consigning himself and Black to the spiritual prison of Tartarus.
Our group had settled upon the plinth inside Lycean’s memorial temple. Above us, the blue flame burned silently, illuminating the entire sphere. Oliver was resigned to his fate. Considering what we had almost done in our attempt to kill him, we could no longer brook any argument for his well being. We had one problem left, however. 
“I just don’t see how we can find him,” Lycean said.
“Perhaps issue a challenge?” Sophia suggested. 
“If he knows we want him to come, he’ll never show up,” Oliver concluded. “An angel thing, I suppose.”
“We might attack the dolls?” I offered.
“But he knows they are spellbound to this world as long as I’m alive here,” Oliver said. 
“Besides, my Lycan brothers and sisters destroyed far more during our attack than we could hope to manage,” Lycean said. “Black never showed his face at all.”
“And I’ll pass on the torment caused by attacking those dolls, thank you,” Oliver added.
“Then what can we do?” Sophia asked. “Is there nothing he cares about?”
Silence.
“What about the city?” I asked.
Oliver turned to me. “What do you mean?”
“Well, he took control of the city for a reason,” I ventured. “For whatever reason, he must want it.”
“But his dolls are running amok, causing all kinds of damage,” Lycean said. “He doesn’t seem to mind that.”
“At the very least, we might get his attention,” I said. 
“What are you suggesting, Brody?” Oliver asked.
“Set fire to the city.”



I never would have proposed such a drastic plan of action, had it not been for the dire circumstances. But it just seemed to make sense. If we failed to rid the world of Black and his dolls, there would be no humans left alive in London anyway. And even if Black did not care for the city’s real estate value, he might still show up for curiosity’s sake. That would be enough for what we hoped to do.
Lycean had offered the help of his army in order to do the job of arsonist right, but ultimately we wanted Black to come to Oliver, not some random place where fires were being set by numerous people. So, we rejected that idea in favor of doing the job ourselves. Neither Lycean nor Sophia had the natural ability to start the fires, but they weren’t going to be persuaded to leave us either.
“Where do we begin?” I asked Oliver.
“An important place would be best,” he said, “one with a lot of his dolls present to be sure he’s aware of what we are doing. Westminster Palace should do nicely.”



By the time we returned to the mortal world, it was very dark with a clear sky and a waning moon. Oliver had opened our portal in central London where we walked out to Westminster Palace. With the Thames at our backs, I spotted the Victoria Tower far to my left and the Clock Tower rising before us. The grounds were lit, but had likely remained that way all through the day since the grounds keepers were likely either dead or captured.
“Where should we start?” I asked Oliver.
“We should stay together, certainly,” he said. “I think the clock will do since we are nearby already. Should any resistance come our way, use the Extension techniques I taught you.”
“What should we do?” Lycean asked.
“Watch for dolls and keep away any that you can, while we get the fires going,” Oliver said. “However, do not make any attempt at attacking Black.”
“I’ll distract him while you perform the bonding spell,” I offered.
“Just be sure that you maintain the Extension to protect yourself,” Oliver warned. “The bond should be an easy matter since he has already provided the link to himself through his spell key conjurations. Otherwise, I’m not sure I could get past his wards in order to perform it.”
I clapped my hands together once. “Right. Let’s get started then.”
I waited for Oliver to go first. It seemed appropriate, after all. His Extension bubble formed instantaneously while Lycean and Sophia took to their werewolf forms. I was slightly rattled by watching Sophia’s transformation, having never actually been witness before. She became an elegant creature, not quite as powerful in appearance as her father, but deadly nonetheless. They broke away together in order to keep watch over us from a better vantage point.
Oliver pushed through his bubble, creating a ball of fire that shot away toward the Clock Tower. It hit one of the four faces, shattering most of its milk glass and scattering the flame within. Several successive blasts intensified the damage and the fires beginning to take control within the bell tower.
Having not done balls of fire before, I opted for a flashier approach at destruction. My Extension formed around me, giving off its nominal azure hue. I conjured lightning strikes which emanated from several locations on the bubble’s surface, striking the tower. The immediate damage was more, but the burning less. I glanced at Oliver to find him hiding a grin.
“All right,” I said, realizing that flashier might not be better to the task.
Next, I released a flame that hit the base of the tower. Taking hold, fire began to work its way upward.
“Much better!” Oliver said over the noise.
We continued with this method, and after several minutes had not only the Clock Tower burning nicely, but also a fair portion of one of the palace wings as well. Up to now, we had seen no resistance. But that was about to change.
I heard sounds of fighting as I paused to pick a new target. Dolls by the hundreds boiled out of the windows of the Westminster. Lycean and Sophia had already gone on the attack, hoping to give us time, but it would not be enough. So many dolls had already run around them.
We remembered too late the effect this fighting would have on Oliver. He was holding on, but in pain already.
“Tell them to break off!” Oliver cried from within his Extension.
I disappeared then reappeared near Lycean, creating a flash of light that broke up the violence momentarily. He reacted, attacking before he realized who was there.
“You’re hurting Oliver!” I shouted.
If a werewolf can have a shocked expression then Lycean managed it. We had been so concerned with trying to get Black that we forgot our vulnerability again. We had no defense against the wave of dolls now coming for us.
“Take Sophia and get her somewhere safe,” I pleaded. “There’s nothing more you can do here.”
Lycean nodded then tore through the crowd of dolls coming for us in order to get Sophia. I had no time to see if they made it to safety. Magical dolls were crashing into my Extension bubble. Fortunately, they couldn’t get through, but I still couldn’t set more fires while they were crowding me in. I would hit them and wound Oliver again.
I could see that Oliver was in a similar predicament with dolls throwing themselves at his bubble repeatedly. Then I had an idea. I might not be able to harm them, but I could throw them around. I threw out my hands against the inner surface of my Extension. The bubble bounded, throwing Dolls on the outside yards away. More replaced them, but I threw them away as well.
Oliver had spotted my method by now and was doing the same. However, each volley thrown away was replaced by another wave. Then those that had been thrown were able to come back after them. This cycle would ultimately do us no good.
Then I remembered the Thames at our backs. My next wave of dolls was hurled into the river. There they struggled against the current, soaking up water like sponges They flailed and screeched furiously, but still the mighty river took them away. They had not been destroyed, but they also couldn’t return.
I cried out to Oliver, “Throw them into the river!”
He complied, and soon we had cleared away the dolls that had come from the palace. Hundreds of burlap fiends struggled to be free of the waters. But, they would be miles downstream before they ever managed it.
Oliver and I stood alone between Westminster and the Thames. Our fires were beginning to rage well, but we had more to do.
“Do you think he’ll come?” I asked from within my bubble.
“We’ve certainly gotten his attention by now,” he said.
“Indeed you have.”
It was Black’s voice that had spoken. We turned to find him approaching from the direction of Victoria’s Tower. He was finely dressed in the attire of a gentleman—in complete contrast to his character. He examined the burning tower and palace wing with mild amusement.
“I see you survived your house fire, Oliver,” Black said. “Come to repay the gesture?”
“We can’t destroy you, Black, but at least we can destroy the city you want so badly,” Oliver said.
“Do you really think so?”
“We can try!” I shouted as I fired off a series of lightning bursts.
The strikes hit Black head on, but he barely seemed bothered. As he sought to defend himself, Oliver began the spell that would bind the angel to himself. Black hit me with lightning of his own and fire and a crushing shockwave that sent me tumbling inside my bubble across the palace lawn. Parts of the building began to crumble in the fire and collapse inward.
Oliver worked with his hands in movements too quick for me to follow, muttering a binding as he did so. Something happened. The force of Oliver’s spell began to take hold, and Black noticed. He launched an attack on Oliver. Still safe within his Extension bubble, Oliver completed his work. 
Up on my feet again, I ran toward the angel, throwing fireballs like those I had seen Oliver creating earlier. Black waved them away, sending some to drown in the Thames while others were redirected into Westminster. I remembered our battle with Southresh in Tartarus and called for the river to help. 
Water breached the banks like a great serpent under my command then smashed into the angel, knocking him down for the first time. He had been merely annoyed before. Now, he was approaching a rage. He got back to his feet instantly, throwing his hands up so that the ground beneath me obeyed his will. Concrete and earth erupted in a strafing line that caught me up within its fury. Once again, my Extension saved me, as Oliver had said it would, but I felt weaker every second I fought with Black.
Black vanished then reappeared almost instantly with a great fiery sword in his hand ready to strike down Oliver. A portal opened behind Oliver, within the Thames, as he finished his binding. It appeared as a giant whirling vortex. Black paused, apparently confused. Oliver took this window of opportunity and leaped toward the vortex. 
My heart sank within me, realizing that Oliver would now be trapped within that terrible prison of angels for the rest of his life. As Oliver fell through the portal, ready to be swallowed up by oblivion on the other side, Black was pulled after him. However, he resisted, stopping in his tracks, pulling against the power of the vortex. Oliver was yanked back from the mouth of the swirling whirlpool, but now hung in midair above the river. 
I instigated another attack, though I felt my energies ebbing away. Somehow I had to weaken Black enough to allow Oliver his chance. The portal already had hold of him, but Black would not surrender to its power. I pounded at the fallen angel with everything I could manage. He deflected what he could while still trying to pull against the vortex that held Oliver and him through the binding.
Black threw his fiery sword out over the river at Oliver. He intended to kill the man he was bound to in order to break the binding spell. I gave up my last vestiges of strength in a bolt of lightning that arced away from my Extension, striking the flaming sword and knocking it away where it was swallowed up by the Thames.
Furiously, Black retaliated, hitting me with a volley of white hot energy that decimated my Extension and drove me through the dirt of the palace yard. Just as he prepared again to kill Oliver and break the spell upon him, a burst of bright light erupted. The good angel had arrived once more.
The only time I ever saw fear in Black’s eyes was in that moment looking upon one of his own kind come to stop him. 
“My lord, what are you doing here?” Black cried.
“Ridding myself of you!” the angel cried back. 
Black attempted a defense, but the good angel waved it aside as if Black were me attacking him. He then struck Black with a furious response—an explosion of raw power that sent him reeling backwards toward the river and the swirling water of the portal. 
I watched as Oliver dropped through first. However, Black was still fighting to survive. Great dingy wings unfurled from his back, beating frantically in hopes of sending him aloft. But the yawning portal, having already firming taken hold of Oliver, now had him in its grasp. 
Steadily it drew him in, meter by meter, until his cries were swallowed up in the deathly silence of the prison awaiting him. The portal snapped shut instantly, and a great influx of water rushed into the vacuum where the vortex had been a moment ago, sounding with the force of a thunderclap. The good angel stood upon the shore watching it all transpire.
I had crawled up from the pit dug by my arrival on the palace lawn. Limping over to where the angel stood, I asked him if this meant we had won.
“Black has been imprisoned in Tartarus,” the angel said. “He can be no further threat to you, or London.”
“Thank you,” I said. “You arrived just in time to stop him from getting away with his plans.”
He smiled knowingly at me. “It was my pleasure, Brody. That was my purpose.”
“There’s just one thing I still don’t understand,” I said.
“What would that be?” he asked.
“When Black saw you…why did he call you lord?”
The kind smile he’d been wearing a moment before slowly transformed into a sinister grin. His eyes glittered with dark light. My previous feelings of hope and joy, while standing in his presence, slowly dimmed to fear and despair.
“You aren’t sent by God, are you?” I asked.
“Did I ever say that I was?” he replied.
Suddenly, the light he emanated had become shadow. I felt like a dying animal in the desert, peering up at circling vultures ready to devour. How had I not seen through his veil of deception before?
“Who are you?” I asked.
His grin disappeared completely.
“Someone not to be trifled with, young man,” he said. “Someone who will not be denied the fulfillment of my plans simply because a rebel like Black chooses to assert himself.”
I almost could not utter my next question out of fear for what the answer might be. “Are you the Devil?”
He laughed out loud then—a terrible sound that seemed as much roaring lion as laughter in my ears.
“Why did you help me?” I asked. “Why not destroy me?”
He stopped laughing then and stooped down to my level. “All in good time, boy. All in good time.”
A shockwave erupted from him that sent me tumbling backward. I landed heavily on the concrete and nearly lost consciousness. By the time I managed to sit up, both Lycean and Sophia were there with me, asking me if I was in pain or in need of medical attention.
The angel, whom I had once supposed to be sent by God, was gone. Yet his machinations had come to pass. Black was in Tartarus and out of his way, as well as Oliver. He was free to carry on unhindered toward the inevitable course of his own plans.



Helplessness

Charlotte stood at Stonehenge unable to put into the words the heartache she felt. The stone arches that had once stood for millennia were now reduced to rubble. Now she understood what trap Black had meant when he had sent Tom after her father in Greystone. No doubt he had made it through somehow. Tom had always been quite clever. But Black had then destroyed the only portal she knew of in and out of Greystone.
Charlotte sank to her knees in despair. Her father and her people were now trapped without a way to sate their ever present thirst. Greystone would become a house of madness if something was not done to release them.
None of the ancient portal arches had been left standing. Not that she could have mustered a new portal if she had wanted. Vampires did not possess such abilities. But she could find someone to do it.
That was the answer. Oliver had the power to create portals almost anywhere. Surely, he could recreate the portal into Greystone here. And if not here then somewhere, somehow.
Charlotte jumped to her feet again. This was not over. There was still hope for her father and Tom and the other Breed. She had to find Oliver, and the only place to start was where she had last seen him. Tidus.
She sprang into the air, her form changing to the raven almost instantaneously. Rapid wing beats carried her aloft where her course turned toward York. She had been deposited there by Oliver’s portal. She only had to utilize its trace elements to deliver her back inside King Lycean’s throne room again.
 


The fires that burned Westminster Palace and the Clock Tower had finally been extinguished by using the river in the same way I had used it to attack Black. Much damage had been sustained, but considering the alternative, I felt that it had been necessary at the time and a good plan. 
The only problem was the nameless angel. He had deceived us all into thinking he was sent by the Almighty to aid us. He could have been anyone. But I felt like I knew exactly who he was. Whatever his plans, it would be bad. 
Lycean had escorted Sophia and me back to Tidus that same night where I received much attention to my various cuts and scrapes and bruises, having been beaten nearly to a pulp by Black’s furious replies to my feeble attacks. I wanted nothing so much as to sleep for days on end. However, once I had received medical treatment and been sent to bed, I lay awake remembering all of the terrible events I had recently witnessed.
I wondered specifically about alternative courses of action that we might have taken to avoid this end. Had it really been necessary for Oliver to plunge into the depths of Tartarus in order to save the city? And the angel, whom I had foolishly assumed was good, why had he seemed at times to help me? In hindsight, it must have always been to accomplish his own evil purposes. Any seeming good had only been a means to some evil I didn’t know about yet. And why would that angel want Black imprisoned?
A cursory tour of the city, two days later, found all of the captured mortals back in London. They had returned, switching places with their doll counterparts. However, no one seemed to know quite what had happened. There was much confusion of mind, as well as unanswered questions. A great number of people had apparently died, for many bodies had been found in White Chapel. Strangely they had been nearly drained of all their blood. Still, it was White Chapel, and the authorities assumed some mass riot had taken place for unknown reasons.
Quite a bit of destruction of property had also occurred, though no culprits had been found to explain it. It had seemed, according to the press, that looting had occurred on a mass scale throughout London. This may have even been the mysterious cause of the fires that damaged so much of Westminster Palace. Of the culprits, only their burlap sacks had been left behind, strewn throughout the streets and homes of London’s confused citizenry.
Ultimately, we were helpless. We had not realized all that was taking place. And we had not taken any road other than the one we now came to see the end of….And was it really the end? Somehow, I thought not.
Charlotte had arrived at Tidus within Lycean’s outer throne room, desperately searching for Oliver. Kron had brought her before the king grudgingly, but at least he had. Things were happening that we didn’t have answers to. Sinister had rescued her from Black shortly before we stopped him at Westminster, but he and his vampire warriors had been destroyed in the process. Charlotte took the news about Oliver’s sacrifice pretty hard when I told her. She seemed to care little about London’s salvation.
“It was the only way to trap Black in Tartarus,” I said.
“We need him,” Charlotte insisted. “The portal to Greystone has been destroyed.”
“What do you mean?” Lycean asked.
“Stonehenge has been reduced to rubble,” Charlotte said. “It was the only known portal between Greystone and the mortal world.”
“Pardon my saying so,” Lycean said, “but your father and the other Breed being trapped in Greystone is good news. They were Black’s allies, as you well know. The mortal’s are safer with them there.”
Charlotte fumed at Lycean’s comments.
“I don’t understand,” I admitted. “Why would your father become allies with Black?”
“The mortals that were taken by the dolls were imprisoned within Greystone,” Charlotte said. “Black not only promised my father power in the mortal world, he promised a captive food supply for Greystone kept there by Black’s spell.”
“Then it’s a good thing the spell was broken,” I said. “All of the humans have been returned. None of them seem to even recall their imprisonment, or the dolls attacking them.”
“But the Breed in Greystone will go mad with thirst,” Charlotte said. “A vampire deprived of blood is far more dangerous. There is a balance that must be maintained. Irregardless of my father’s alliance with Black—which I never endorsed—this could lead to either the destruction of my people, or a frenzy that kills many mortals, rather than the few we cull right now.”
My thoughts immediately fell upon the angel who had done away with Black. As cunning as he was, he might take advantage of a situation like that in terrible ways. 
“We’ll just have to make sure, somehow, that that doesn’t happen,” I said.
“How, when Oliver is trapped in Tartarus?”
I didn’t have an answer.
“One thing I haven’t mentioned, Brody,” Charlotte said. “Tom also went to Greystone. He’s trapped with what will soon become thousands of bloodthirsty vampires. They will certainly kill him, if they haven’t already.”
“I’ll find an answer, Charlotte,” I said. “I don’t know how, but I’ll figure out some way to free them and set this right.”



The leaves were beginning to change color already in York. A huge estate owned by a very old family with very old money resided in the countryside. A cool wind, that suggested tumultuous weather may be on its way, blew across the well manicured lawn through the labyrinthine hedges. 
Within the garden, there was the noise of battle. The crack of steel upon steel and the heavy breathing of combatants locked in contest with one another could be heard. The young lord of the manor thrust against his opponent and missed, but barely. The challenger lunged then dodged away with expert skill, drawing the young man into his spider’s web. At last the killing stroke was delivered.
The young man backed away in disappointment, removing his fencing mask. “That’s the third time this morning you’ve done that,” he said.
“You’ll get it in time, Grayson,” his opponent said. “You must be patient. All things will come to you in time.”
“You keep saying that,” Grayson answered. “But I’m nearly twenty-five already. When will I go to the city to take my rightful place? The Empire needs me now.”
“All things are as planned,” his opponent said. “You will emerge in London when I say that it is time, and only then.”
The man removed his mask. The good angel stood there in his fencing uniform, examining the young man. “That’s enough practice for today,” he said.
Grayson nodded then turned to walk back toward the house.
The angel called after him, “Trust me.”
Grayson paused, turning his head in acknowledgement.
“Yes, Father.”



Sequel Preview of “DESCENDANTS” Releasing January 2013

Alexander

Charlotte stalked along a building ledge overlooking an alley where criminals were wont to come and hang out following their thieveries and other malicious acts. There was a pub nearby, as well as a brothel operating within a rundown tenement. These villains had everything they required close at hand.
Two men had recently committed an armed robbery nearly a mile away in a dark alley within a better neighborhood than this one. The elder gentleman, who was their victim, had been beaten severely in the process. Charlotte had followed them back to this alley, even as constables responding to the alarm of other pedestrians found their trail gone cold.
She felt the hunger burning within her, a thirst that could only be quenched by blood. Charlotte had gone nearly two weeks without claiming a kill. She could bare it no longer. And these two were ripe for the picking. 
Charlotte still prided herself on only culling criminals from the great sea of humanity available to her. She meant no harm to those mortals who did no harm to others. Still, the hunger drove her to feed, and she already knew that she would give in to it if necessary.
These two men were armed, one with a revolver, the other with knives. Charlotte had spotted the weapons during the robbery, though they had not killed their victim. She had no fear of harm. No mortal had ever been fast enough to manage even a scratch.
She heard them speaking, their voices relieved that they had eluded capture by the police. They were still breathing hard from all the running they had been doing. Charlotte could hear their rapid heartbeats drumming in her preternatural ears. It was time.
Charlotte leaped away from the ledge, surrendering to gravity’s pull, plunging toward the men quickly and quietly. She was so focused upon her prey that she did not notice the other predators nearby. As she prepared to snatch the first man, a strong arm grabbed him lightning quick and hurled him into the opposite wall.
Charlotte recoiled from the intruder, realizing who it was when he pummeled the second man to the ground with one blow. “Alexander?”
“Greetings, Charlotte,” Alexander said. 
He stood nearly a foot taller than she did, looking down upon her with a mixture of amusement and disdain. His muscular frame pressed noticeably against the simple black clothing that he wore. Alexander was a warrior among the Breed and had been one of her brother’s generals during their time under Black’s thumb. But she had not thought that any of her people were still left in London.
She thought to flee, but her first twitch caused Alexander’s arm to snap down upon her own like a vice. “Don’t go just yet,” he said menacingly. 
Charlotte now noticed a dozen other vampires in the alley with them, as well as some on the rooftops above. There was no way she could escape. Alexander was revered among her people. She had seen him fight many times and greatly admired his cunning and skill. In many ways, he made a much better leader than her own brother had.
“What do want?” she asked. Alexander’s grip was like iron.
“I want to know where your brother is,” he said. “I want to know where the angel, Black, has gone and I want to know why we are cannot go home to Greystone.”
Charlotte trembled in his grasp. He didn’t understand what had happened to her brother, that he had rescued her and perished. Where had they been all this time?
Alexander pulled her closer to him. “And I want to know what you had to do with it.”



A quarter hour later, Alexander and his Breed warriors had escorted Charlotte to a rundown old tenement across the city. They had all taken to the sky, with the full moon watching them like a monstrous eye. Charlotte stayed in their formation in her raven form, following Alexander’s large eagle. Even in his animal form, he was a predator.
Along the way, she had spotted several opportunities where she might have been able to slip away from them. However, Charlotte found herself intrigued by Alexander’s arrival. She had been nearly a year without contact with others of her kind. 
Her father was still trapped with her people in Greystone, no doubt going mad as they starved for blood. Brody had been little help to her in trying to find a way to establish a portal. Even if he now possessed the ability, he would not risk the possibility of Greystone’s vampires rampaging the city.
As for her own opinion, Charlotte found herself caring less and less about the mortals. Why should she go on fighting for them? They had never shown the least gratitude toward any of her kind. Oliver had gotten himself consigned to Tartarus on their behalf. Had the mortals known his sacrifice, Charlotte knew they would not care. She was interested to find out what Alexander might say to all of these things.
When they were all inside the tenement, Alexander lit a single lantern that hung from one of the rafters. “You recognize this place, Charlotte?” he asked.
“Yes,” she said. “This is where my brother used to house the mortal boys that worked for him while Black was still around. What happened to the children?”
“They were delicious,” Alexander said.
An awkward silence hung in the room for a moment.
“Does that disturb you, Charlotte,” he asked finally.
To her surprise, she answered, “No, should it?”
“I thought you were fighting for the mortals with Oliver James,” he said.
“He was destroyed along with Black,” she replied.
Alexander grinned. “I wasn’t aware that an angel could be destroyed.”
“Wherever they are now, neither of them will be coming back,” she said. “What’s the difference?”
“And your brother?”
“Black killed him when he rescued me, along with the rest of our kind who fought with him,” she said. “The angel also destroyed the portal to our home.”
The other vampires were seated around the large room—some in the rafters, others on the beds where the boys had once slept. They listened silently to the exchange.
Alexander scrutinized her for a moment. “You seem concerned for that fact,” he said.
“Our people are starving in Greystone,” she said urgently. “My father is one of them, our king.”
“Our?”
“Ours,” Charlotte confirmed. “I have experienced nothing but betrayal fighting for the mortals. We sacrificed for them, but they will never stop hating us. Nothing we did ever mattered to them. Even the one who might have a hope of restoring the portal refuses to try.”
“Who refuses to try?” Alexander asked.
Charlotte paused momentarily. Should she reveal the boy to Alexander? What would he do? She had some idea—a guess at least.
“Brody West,” she answered. “He inherited all that Oliver had. He has abilities like Oliver as well. They came from the same Fallen One.”
“I see,” Alexander said.
“I’ve tried to reason with him, but he fears what might happen if Greystone were opened, now that so much time has passed while our people starve on the other side.”
Alexander stared toward the lantern light, saying nothing.
“What can we do?” she asked.
Alexander grinned, turning to her. “Persuade this Brody West, of course.”




*Bonus Preview from “The Serpent Kings”*
Serpent Kings Saga Omnibus Edition Available

DEATH WALKING

Donavan stood, smiling at the small crowd of villagers who had stopped to listen to him. He had just concluded his dissertation examining the current state of kingdom affairs, the true nature of their dragon gods and the imminent return of their long forgotten Creator. One of the men nearest to him looked as though he might have a comment, to which Donavan offered, “Yes?”
A meaty slab of fist slammed into his jaw, sending stars across his vision and his body backward into the wall of their town hall. He bounced off of it back into the man’s pudgy hands, stammering for a word as blood gathered in his mouth. The small crowd of less than twenty persons jeered at him, picking up mud and stones from the street to throw in his direction. 
The thick man turned around, holding him by his shirt, then tossed Donavan away from him into the street. It had been raining the day before when Donavan had come to the village, carrying Ezekiah’s message of hope of Elithias’ coming. He landed sprawling in the muddy street. The rocks and clods of mud followed him. They bounced off of his back and legs and head, stinging him.
He was assaulted with insults besides. Even the women congregated around him were swearing at him and lobbing their share of projectiles in his direction. They cursed him by their dragon gods, calling him an ignorant fool.
Donavan had not come unprepared to hear such things. Ezekiah himself had warned his disciples that the citizens of the kingdom would likely not want to hear their message. “This world and their serpent gods are the only things they have ever known,” he had warned. “Do not think that they will welcome you into their midst. Man’s heart has been turned from Elithias for nearly a thousand years. We cannot expect to undo the resulting damage in a day. They will despise you and spit upon you or worse. Only, do not be afraid of them. Remember that Elithias watches over us.”
A fist sized rock smacked the back of his head. His vision blurred, then went black. He felt a warm trickle down through his hair onto his neck. The voices grew distant and muffled. The impact of stones seemed little more than small pricks at his skin.



Donavan opened his eyes, coming back to himself and his situation. He waited for the rocks pounding his flesh, but they did not come. The voices had grown quiet. In fact, now that he listened, the whole village had become eerily still. He lifted his head, but did not see anyone standing around him as they had been only a moment before.
Feeling the back of his head with his hand, Donavan came away with congealed blood on his fingers. The bleeding had already stopped. Still, he could feel a sizeable knot where he’d been struck. 
He moved, getting his hands and knees under him. Donavan could feel bruises all over his body. His jaw was still hurting. He hoped it wasn’t broken where the man had punched him. Rocks of various sizes lay around him in the street along with broken clods of dirt.
Donavan raised his head, noticing the sky for the first time. The sun had been high overhead during his preaching. Now, it was hovering just above one of the distant mountains in the west. Dusk was approaching. Soon the sun would be down completely. Had he really been unconscious for hours?
Villagers should have been quite busy right now, trying to complete the day’s tasks and preparing for the evening meal before darkness swept across the land. Donavan stood to his feet. The only thing active right now was a steady breeze blowing dust and light debris down the streets of the little town.
Perhaps the citizens of the village had already gone indoors leaving him for dead out in the street. It wasn’t a comforting thought, or an unexpected one. After all, Ezekiah had been right about the response the preachers would experience as they traveled throughout the kingdom spreading the good news.
Donavan brushed at some of the dirt encrusting his shirt and jacket. The best thing he could do at this point was probably to move on. No one would likely grant him a room after so warm a reception. Still, the thought of trying to travel through the wilderness toward the next town at this late hour was not a very promising prospect. 
A lamp was burning inside the local general store. Donavan could still feel the coin pouch hidden beneath his belt. At least the villagers hadn’t robbed him. He began walking across the street toward the store. He might at least purchase some provisions for his journey before setting off in search of a place to make camp for the night.
As he approached the store, Donavan noticed that several of the small square panes making up the whole front window had been smashed. There was no one stirring within, as far as he could tell from the street. A wagon with no horse sat in front of the store. However, when Donavan came upon it, he noticed that part of a torn harness was lying before it in a pool of blood that trailed away from the wagon down the damp street.
Donavan’s eyes followed the trail until he spotted the dark figure of a horse lying on its side near the edge of town. It was not moving. No driver could be found. Fear crawled up Donavan’s spine. What had happened while he was unconscious in the street? Had the angry group gone on some bloodthirsty rampage?
He stepped over the crimson trail, coming to the door of the general store. It was hanging on one hinge half open. Donavan pushed past it, trying to make as little noise as possible. He crept inside. His feet crunched on the broken glass lying on the dusty wooden floor. He paused, grimacing. But no one appeared to have noticed. Nothing moved. He noticed that some of the goods had been knocked off the shelves. Sacks of grain had been torn open, spilling their contents out onto the floor. A shelf near the back wall had been overturned.
He spotted a bloody handprint on the wall behind the counter. The stain was smeared as though the hand that had made it were sliding downward. Donavan tiptoed to the counter and looked behind it. There, lying on the floor was the body of the shop keeper. His neck was twisted almost completely around and his abdomen had been torn open—not at all like a blade had done the work. 
This looked like some beast had gotten to him without care for the carnage it wrought. Flies had begun to buzz around his open wound, and Donavan thought he might be sick if he didn’t get out of there immediately. He backed away from the counter holding his hand over his nose and mouth.
As he started to turn for the door again, Donavan noticed something out of the corner of his eye. A man was standing at the rear of the store in the shadows looking at him. Donavan knew he had not been standing there before. “You there, do you know who did this to the shop keeper?” he asked the man.
There was only a low gurgling sound, then the man shuffled forward a few steps, coming more into the light. Donavan had been about to ask again, but was horrified as the light revealed the man’s blood stained clothing. His nose and mouth were covered in fresh blood; not as though he’d been injured, but more like he had been feeding. He had the appearance of a man who drops his face into his plate, eating ravenously. 
Donavan caught sight of his eyes then. They were black as night even where the white sclera should have been, like to opals set into the man’s skull. Donavan realized he was trembling, barely containing his own fear. He wanted to run, but instinct told him it was unwise; like standing your ground with an angry dog, knowing that if you run it will think of you as prey and come after you.
His eyes scanned the room. Donavan spotted farming implements and tools laid out on a table nearby. He looked back at the man who still hadn’t moved toward him. Donavan edged toward the table, letting his hands creep over it, taking hold of a hatchet in his left and a machete in his right.
The bloody fiend had followed his movements over the table. His gaze returned to Donavan’s face as he straightened with his makeshift weapons in his hands. Even though he was armed now, Donavan was still terrified. The fiend grinned at him, as if smelling his fear in the air. It licked its lips hungrily and started toward him.
Donavan backed away toward the awkward hanging door, crunching broken glass beneath his feet again. The fiend picked up speed, lumbering toward him despite being unarmed. The man raised his gore-stained hands, reaching for his next victim. Donavan turned, running through the half open door.
He began to sprint away from the doorway when the fiend smashed through the remainder of the large front window. The creature slammed down upon Donavan, driving him to the street in a shower of broken glass. The machete fell from his hand, landing a few paces away in the dirt.
The fiend kept Donavan’s hatchet-wielding hand at bay, scrabbling over him; its blood-streaked teeth bearing down upon his throat in an attempt to rip it out. Donavan was pushing with his feet, trying to reach the machete. He threw his weight one way then another, hoping to keep his neck and face away from the frothing gurgling mouth of the creature.
The beastly man lunged for his throat as Donavan’s hand closed around the handle of the machete. He brought it forward desperately. The silver blade sank into the creature’s skull with a sickening thwack, like cutting into an unripe melon. The man moaned loudly, now straddling Donavan’s torso as he tried to remove the machete from his skull.
Donavan was still holding onto the handle of the machete when the fiend finally got the blade out. But Donavan reached back and let the machete fly again. This time it landed in the softer flesh of the creature’s neck, biting better than halfway through with his first swing.
The head bobbed sideways, teetering on the remaining muscle and sinew, then the grisly man-thing fell away from him into the street. Donavan hoped severing the creature’s spinal cord might stop it. After all, legends said that the only way to kill a death walker was to sever the spinal cord, separating the creature’s tortured mind from the body it controls.
Donavan kicked the twitching body away from him, rolling back to his feet with the machete at the ready. Death walkers were not technically dead. They could be killed; only it was usually very difficult. They ignored much of the injuries that would kill a normal person. The legends said they were created by the dragons; a punishment upon those who offended them. There were worse things than death. 
For these poor creatures death was a release from their torment. It was said that spirits haunted their minds and took over their bodies; inhabiting the living. Insanity quickly resulted. They were driven into the wilderness, scavenging on carrion or whatever they could kill. It was unheard of that one should come into a town on a killing spree.
The body stopped moving. Donavan’s heart stampeded inside his chest. He tried to calm his breathing, then turned to see if anyone had heard the commotion and had come running to investigate. Another death walker was standing down the road. What appeared to be entrails were dangling in its right hand, dripping onto the ground. 
Probably a fresh kill, Donavan thought. The creature was staring at him, much the same way the other death walker had been just before it attacked. This time he didn’t bother with easy movements. Donavan lunged for the hatchet, arming himself against what he knew was coming. 
Another walker appeared on the opposite side of the street, shuffling out of a home, dragging a small corpse by the hand. Donavan shuddered at the grisly sight. He was nearly frozen with fear. Three death walkers? Death walkers coming into a civilized area? What was happening? 
The dragons had never allowed such a thing before. The tormenting spirits that inhabited death walkers were supposed to be under their control, driving their victims away from society to wander in the wilderness alone. Donavan seemed to have found a pack of the creatures hunting together; killing men, women and children without any regard for the Serpent Kings’ authority.
Another blood covered fiend wandered into the street behind the others. Three pairs of pitch black eyes stared at him, hungering for another victim. Donavan knew he couldn’t possibly take on two, let alone three, death walkers at once. No one could.
He turned and ran in the opposite direction, heading north the way he had come from. With fresh prey in sight, the death walkers came running like a pack of hounds. They may have been gaunt with malnutrition and ravaged by disease in their flesh, but the spirits pressed them onward, energizing their sinewy frames with unnatural strength.
Donavan turned his head, checking to see how close his pursuers were. They were running after him at different speeds; the last in line loping along with a bad leg. He turned back the way he was going and smashed right into a death walker who had appeared out of nowhere. It was a woman.
Her skin was weathered and brown, her hair stringy and sand colored. Donavan’s momentum combined with the woman’s slight weight bowled her over in the street. He had tumbled one way, her another. Donavan was so startled and terrified that he managed to scrabble quickly back to his feet. If he remained on the ground even a moment, the horrifying ghouls would swoop down upon him, tearing him apart before he could get away.
A wooden fence sprang into view as he ran toward the edge of the town. Another death walker was feeding upon the carcass of a dead horse, pulling its innards out onto the ground, gleefully taking its fill. Another pony was pacing near the backside of the fence, clearly terrified of sharing the fate of the slaughtered animal.
Donavan came up with a plan as he reached the fence and climbed over. The feasting death walker had not even noticed him yet, still kneeling before the horse with its back to him. He ran upon the fiend before it could react, using the machete to slice the creatures head cleanly away from its shoulders.
Leaping over the horse carcass, Donavan charged toward the other pony. He had neither bridle nor saddle, but Donavan had always been a good rider. The pony did not try to get away, instead appearing relieved that someone normal had come to help it get away. Donavan grabbed the mane trailing down the pony’s neck and swung himself up onto the beast’s back.
Looking back, he found the death walkers coming over and under the fence. They ran at him as Donavan kicked his heels into the pony’s sides. The animal took off, directed by Donavan’s clutch of mane within his hand. He had dropped the hatchet, but kept the machete. Two of the male death walkers were knocked aside by the pony’s shoulders. Donavan struck a final blow to the female as she tried to flank him.
The machete cleaved a hunk of skull away from her head, sending her tumbling into the horse manure littering the pen. Donavan didn’t look back. He urged the pony on toward the fence. At the last moment, they leaped as one over the top rung of the wooden fence, barely clearing it with the pony’s hind hooves. 
Horse and rider left the remaining death walkers in their wake, galloping away from the village at top speed. Donavan patted the pony’s neck, whispering a prayer of thanksgiving under his breath to Elithias. They had no food and no water, but they did have their lives. And both horse and rider were, in their own ways, grateful for that much.  



MORE KINDLE NOVELS BY JAMES SOMERS:

Serpent Kings Saga Omnibus Edition
The Realm Shift Trilogy (Books 1-3)
Percival Strange
Perdition’s Gate: Inferno Edition
Hallowed Be Thy Name
The Chronicles of Soone (Books 1 & 2)
A World Within
Descendants Saga (Fallen/Descendant/Revenant)

KINDLE BIBLE STUDIES BY JAMES SOMERS:

What’s So Great About Salvation?
Predestination, Election & the Sovereignty of God
Can My Religion Really Save Me?
What Does It Mean to be Born Again?



About the Author:

James Somers lives in Kingston, Tennessee with his wife and children. He serves as the Pastor of Ozone Baptist Church in Rockwood and works as a Surgical Technologist specializing in Eye Surgery. He has written many fantasy novels and Bible studies. For updates on upcoming novels visit www.jamessomers.blogspot.com or email James at jamessremos (at)yahoo.com
