
FANTASY GAMES  




Written By
GABRELINE  DORCALYN



Copyright 2019 
Smashwords Edition
Cover art by the author


All the characters and events in this book are fictitious.  Any resemblance to persons living or dead, or to any historical events is strictly coincidental.

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

My sincerest appreciation to Terry and Kathleen Wetzel for their patience and gracious assistance in correcting my terrible spelling, grammar and punctuation, thank you both.  Hope I haven't botched it up to badly with my unedited revisions.  And my thanks to Michel Blair of The Camera Castle for his technical expertise and patients in assembling bits of my art work and various photographic elements to create the book's digital cover image.

Also, thanks to Neil Gaiman and Charles Vess in appreciation of their illustrated fantasy, "Stardust"; though originally acquired for the illustrations, one of the very few books I've ever actually read.  Thus, to spark a curious notion, composing a fairy tale might be fun, and though far more time consuming than I suspected, it was.

Note: A character's thoughts are expressed in italics and also underlined for clarity.

IMPORTANT INFORMATION FOR MY READERS

Fantasy Games required 4 years to create for your entertainment.  If you purchased it, the cost was less than that of a Big Mack and fries, or it may have been free, part of a launch promotion.  Either way, Fantasy Games is licensed strictly for your personal use ONLY.  If you choose to dishonor my efforts by violating this license and my copyright, passing it along or otherwise distributing it in any way whatsoever including lending by libraries or to those who have not purchased it, you are violating my copyright and guaranteeing this will be the end of the story.  Though a sequel is approximately 20% along no one will ever know the rest of the story as I will scrap the project and it will never be published.


TABLE OF CONTENTS

PROLOGUE

Chapter-1  A REUNION OF FRIENDS
AND FOND MEMORIES OF THE GAMES THEY HAVE PLAYED.

Chapter-2  SEARCHING FOR LOST CITIZENS AT THE
DAYDREAMER'S FAIR.

Chapter-3  BIND THE PLAYERS TO THEIR TASK, LET THE
GAME BEGIN.

Chapter-4  EXCUSE ME SIR! CAN YOU SAY, 
IS THIS PARADISE OR PURGATORY WHERE I PLAY?

Chapter-5  FIRST BLOOD UPON A MAIDEN'S BLADE 
MAY NEVER BE ENTIRELY CLEANSED AWAY.

Chapter-6  THE CHILDREN CHASE THE DRAGONS AWAY 
WHILE THEIR PARENTS PLAY IN THE FIELDS ALL DAY.

Chapter-7  EVERYONE NEEDS A FRIEND,
EVEN A TINY FOUR LEGGED BIRD WILL DO.

Chapter-8  GAMES WITHIN GAMES AND DREAMS AMONG DREAMS,
WHICH ARE REAL AND WHICH ARE NOT, BUT THOUGHT TO BE?

Chapter-9  TURNING LEAD INTO GOLD IS EASIER THAN
MAKING DIRT.

Chapter-10  WAKE UP, WAKE UP, YOU SLEEPYHEAD; 
OR YOUR FRIENDS SHALL SOON BE DEAD.

Chapter-11  ROUX BEWARE, FOR THE LADY OF DURER
COMES NOW TO THY LAIR.

Chapter-12  OF BEING CHASED BY THE HOUNDS OF HELL 
AND THINGS THAT GO BOOM IN THE NIGHT.

Chapter-13  OF WAYWARD RABBITS AND WICKED SQUILLETS; 
ALL BETH REALLY WANTS IS A BATH.

Chapter-14  ONE FRIEND NEW, ONE FRIEND OLD,
WHICH THE BETTER IF THE TRUTH BE TOLD?

Chapter-15  FIND THE WAY HOME: 
A HOLE IN THE GROUND, A HOLE IN THE AIR,
I CARE NOT WHICH SO LONG AS IT'S THERE.

Chapter-16  THE REAL PRIZE, DURER, YET UNCLAIMED;
DARE SHE RISK THE DEADLIER GAME?

GLOSSARY OF CHARACTERS AND PLACES

MOTH TAILS  (Unrelated Poetry)

PROLOGUE
In a quiet meadow,
In a maiden's dream,
Might the sent of flowers
Be prelude to a scream?

Wind swept waves of viridian
May soon to crimson be,
With sinew cut and bone to crack
For those who fail to flee.

From heart to mind blood rushes,
Hence... to will a wicked deed.
Thus, upon this fertile soil
Now let the vanquished bleed.

Her mettle cast and tempered 
That never shall it rust.
For is this not a trial
That act alone she must?

Compelled to counter treachery
And man's desires of lust,
Hence... for some this day to end 
in glowing ember, smoke and dust.

When feudal wealth and privilege wed
'tis not a noble man they make.
Contempt and arrogance their children.
Of that... make you no mistake.

For some 'tis an aphrodisiac,
An opiate of bliss;
For others trials of torment,
Best... the sooner to dismiss.

Stay the sands of time
That this Regal charade may proceed.
To save friend and fool alike
For valor there shall be great need.

In this... once a quiet meadow
Where not all is as it seems.
For dragons there are, or so they say,
And witch's silent screams.

Nymphs and Fairies who seduce,
Then beg a penny to set the stage.
And relentless men who pursue
Then loose their dogs vile with rage.

The Jester and Harlot are lovers
though yet they know it not.
And three stout assassins also 
Are there to thicken the plot.

For an honorable boon secured
Another much greater shall be wrought.
All ever by the Minnon beheld
That to deceive one may not.

Adventure, if that it is,
Beyond one's wildest dreams.
A fabric woven of illusions
And fantasy's transcendent themes.

Gold and clay the same element,
Fire and water the same potion,
Pain and pleasure the same sensation,
Love and hate the same emotion.

Virtue wins no treasure here,
Patience... no accord,
Loyalty, a sign of weakness,
Brutal strength... of no reward.

The depths of pain and sorrow
bequeath to those stilled by fright.
Thus, does mayhem rule the day;
Demons and sorcery... the dark of night.

With stone, iron, fire and lead,
A fury none till now have known;
A grand turmoil not unlike 
Lucifer himself... might condone.

Sly of mind and quick of hand,
Hers the will of dragon's lore.
With tooth and nail by hook or crook
Now comes a maiden to wage war.

Yet all the while a father watches,
A daughter lost, his to redeem.
That soon upon the throne of Durer
May sit a licit pagan queen.

CHAPTER-1

A REUNION OF FRIENDS 
AND FOND MEMORIES OF THE GAMES THEY HAVE PLAYED.

Springtime in the burbs of Concord, a light shower just ending has left the air clean and sweet with the scent of blossoms.  The lunch time rush and carnival enthusiasm of burgers and soft drinks charges the atmosphere at a popular fast-food dispensary.
Beth, a mousy young lady of exquisite architecture approaches the table where her husband, Hale, and 6-year-old son anxiously anticipate their lunch, the all-American salt, sugar, and grease combo deluxe.  Hale's a big easygoing guy raised on grits, country ham and Southeastern Conference Football.  Beth is accompanied by her 3-year-old daughter Susana, who clings to the two most important things in life; the hem of mommy's skirt and a brightly decorated promotional lunch box.
Thus, through the wonders of mass media and the devious aspects of targeted advertising, this emerging little darling knows a giant chocolate chip cookie is in there along with a highly anticipated toy.  Corporate marketing strategists have defined her as being within that critical envelope from first light to age 4.  They're grooming her for their future, hoping to create another gatherer of worthless knickknacks--"collectibles" as they've come to be known.  In every realm, be it real or imagined, the rich and thus powerful shall impose their will upon the peasants--some with sword in hand under pain of death, others, as in this time and place, with an eye toward the more subversive, bloodless techniques.
Just as Beth is about to rejoin her family, she freezes.  Her eyes light up, her jaw drops, the tray drops, flipping off the table's edge, and she drops, thankfully, into her waiting chair, more or less.  Susana crouches warily in a protective stance over her prized lunch box somewhat unsure of her cookie's status.  She had thought only little persons like her dropped things; it's a relief to know mommy is clumsy, too.
Hale turns, concerned as to what has caused his wife's frantic reaction.  He jumps to his feet.  "Hooolly shit!"
Hale Jr. seizes the opportunity; climbing upon the seat of his chair with a devilish grin.  He feels perfectly justified to mimic his father, proclaiming with a sly smile.  "Holly sit!"
The crash of the tray draws considerable attention.  From the manner in which Beth plopped to the chair one could imagine the poor girl had a heart attack, or saw a ghost!  A detachment of concerned cleanup persons quickly descends upon the disaster area along with a mid level manager wondering if she need dial 911.  Beth is silent, stunned, flushed as a beet.
The ghost in question, a young woman of athletic stature and confident stride is taken by surprise also.  Beth! Oh crap! What are they doing way up here?  Leona's hair is different now, close-cropped and sun bleached; a diamond in the rough by any standard.  Silent alarms are flashing in the back of her mind.  If she's been followed, a chance reunion as this could place a friend at risk.  But, there's no way to disavowal that Beth is here and has recognized her.  So, for now she must plead ignorance, weave tall tales, and hope she doesn't appear too arrogant or get caught in a lie.  Never had she imagined coming upon someone from Atlanta so far north.  Yet, a sincere smile glows upon Leona's face as she crosses through the glass vestibule into the dining area toward Beth, who remains frozen in absolute disbelief.
In spite of the warm weather Leona wears a fashionable blazer with an unusually high collar and as always a floor length skirt, slit from ankle to hip along her left side, but discreetly overlapped.  A skirt that may be disposed of in a heart beat like a Hollywood prop.  And why, one might ask is a good looking unescorted healthy young woman not wearing her tight ass jeans?  Because it would make it difficult to hide the hardware strapped to the outboard side of her left calf, naturally.  Indeed, there are several unusual aspects to her accessories these days.  Where as in her former life decorative bobbles were shunned, she's now taken an interest in those of a practical nature.  The broad, heavy silver rings for example, with padded contoured backs that adorn both hands.  In street parlance, a ready and legal alternative commonly favored by the biker community in place of good old fashioned brass knuckles.  Thus, she could effectively drive either fist through a standard hollow core wooden door, or someone's face, and for her part suffer little personal discomfort.  Oh yes, and the armored bracelets beneath her sleeves crafted of titanium and tool steel laminate which extends from wrist to elbow.  So perfectly tailored to her arm as to have been forged there about.  A designer trinket only the most avant-garde of super models might possess and also great for those special moments were someone to lunge from the shadows with sword in hand and foul intent at heart.
For a brief moment Beth had slight doubt, a contradiction, could she be mistaken?.  After all this woman is carrying a large handbag, something her old friend detested.  An absolute necessity from Beth's point of view, in deed, the equivalent of an astronaut's life support system.  So too it has become for Leona on this side of the boundary.  However in lieu of the customary cosmetics and frivolities any modern young miss might have at her disposal Leona carries an assortment of pharmaceuticals including several poisons and antidotes any witch, junkie or assassin would be proud to posses and any DA likely to suggest five to ten for possession thereof.  Also we have ten thousand in cash, multiple passports, two I phones, lip gloss, pepper spray, a flask of gasoline, two led flash lights, a stout razor sharp spring operated knife, elastic bandages, several small magnesium flares, a credit card with a line akin to the GNP of Spain and a comb; all of which are in precisely fixed locations to assure quick accurate retrieval.
Beth rushes to greet her long-lost friend; they embrace. "I thought you were dead," Beth stutters.  "Everybody does." Beth is crying; she hugs Leona as hard as she can.  "Leo, your picture was in the wal-mart.  They even searched the woods around campus with dogs looking for bones and stuff.  It was panic city, totally; where've you been?" She shouts.
"I can tell ya for sure it wasn't Kansas."
"Huh? Leo," she whimpers inquisitively.  "Why would anyone go to Kansas?" Leona just smiles, her clichés have not improved and her dearest friend has not changed either; were that she could say the same.
That her manner has swayed toward the casually sarcastic is the least of it.  For better or worst, these past several years have tempered her character as the soothing molten brine of a forge quenches sparkling white hot tool steel.  She's become ever more precise of word and deed, unforgiving of disloyalty and quick to resolve any challenge permanently.  That supposedly virtuous quality known as patients long since lost; or better said forfeit as not to abide the foolishness of politicians or encourage the bickering of her advisors.  For now, in a fraction of a second, she can become a dynamic one is wise to avoid.
Nothing much interrupts Hale when food is within reach, but this is a special case.  "Tried to find our way back to that big fancy house," he consoles between French fries.  "Couldn't find it again to save our ass, no way!  We looked everywhere; followed every road on the map, even long driveways.  Every evening for weeks... Leo, it was gone."  Another ketchup covered fry meets its fate.  "Disappeared... just about like you did."
For the moment Beth's daughter is content to have saved her cookie from the cleanup crew, but Hale Jr. has a more curious nature.  "Mom, what's wrong?" he dares quietly, "Who's that lady?"
Beth's composure is melting like a popsicle on a hot sunny day.  "Hush! she implores, then recants,  "Oh... I'm sorry.  It's not you, Hon; I just can't think.  Hale, take the kids... please, anywhere, just go."  She points toward the children's maze.
Sensing something's amiss, Susana is beginning to whimper.  She and her cookie retreat to Daddy.  "Why's Mommy crying?" she inquires ever so softly with big teary eyes of concern.
Hale scoops her up.  "Sometimes people do that when they're happy, sweetheart.  Let's go to the slides."
There's a resounding agreement by all concerned on that motion as the slides and maze are not usually within their lunch time schedule.
"Mommy, can I take my treasure box?" her daughter pleads, tiny tears instantly replaced with smiles and thoughts of play.
"Yes," Beth is quick to concede, "you sure can."
"Let's go guys," Hale injects.  "Mom is busy."
Quite aside of this tender reunion, a rather nondescript fellow enters the restaurant and alights several tables adjacent the girls, facing Beth.  He soon has a cell phone in hand and pretends a conversation while attempting to covertly photograph Leona's friend, at least until he feels a slight prick to the side of his neck.  A somewhat disheveled young lady with long coal black hair and lots of freckles sits down in the chair blocking his view of the girls and smiles.  This is Philapee, Leona's confident, traveling companion, best friend, and some might say bodyguard, or perhaps even assassin.  She holds her hand out to the young man, momentarily revealing a small capsule.  "Wanna trade?" she inquires discreetly.  With some trepidation his finger tips lightly touch the area of his neck where he felt the sting while a very warm pulsing sensation begins to migrate therefrom.  "You only have a few more seconds," she reminds quietly.
His expression having turned now seriously fearful; and though he hesitates for a moment more, soon passes his phone to the stranger and accepts her merciful offer.  His life in fact, for the prick he felt was caused by a tiny poisoned blade which sprouted from the back of her ring when she ever so lightly brushed aside of his neck before taking a seat.  For all practical purposes, having just killed the lad then graciously granting a conditional stay of execution.  Of course she could have pried the suspect phone from his warm dead hand in a few moments had he rejected her kind offer and chosen instead to run.  Through, one might suspect that he would have tripped and hurt himself on some unforeseen sharp obstacle as another young lady of Philapee's calling happens to be loitering near each exit at the moment.  
Amazing, the critical little details missed in the blink of an eye by those of us, everyone in fact, self obsessed individuals who populate the landscape with not a hint of the blood letting that might transpire.  "Don't swallow, chew it up," she advises quietly.  "If ever we meet again," she warns, "and believe me you won't see me coming, there will be no second chance, do you understand?"  He nods affirmatively and departs with an unsure wobble to his step, hoping the capsule was truly the antidote.
As to Mommy, Beth as it were is dancing in frustrated little circles with tearful eyes and no idea where to begin her inquisition.
Leona attempts to lighten the air.  "Your children are darlings, and your daughter's--."
"Don't you darreee!" Beth warns, "try to squirm out from under this."  Her eyes narrow and her ever present smile has drawn to a pucker.  "Six years, Leo, not a word.  Six years! where the hell have you been?"
"I'm sorry, really!  One thing led to another; things got really complicated."
"What things?  I can't believe you didn't even call," Beth snivels.  "Not once! You missed the wedding and everything."  Having expended the family's entire quota of free napkins, Beth begins searching her combination purse/camping trailer for a hankie.  It does little good; she drops her bag to the floor with a thud and goes for her sleeve.  "Phones aren't that hard to find, you know."
"Trust me on this, please," Leona begs.  "There was no way I could get back to anyone once I left."
"That's bullshit!" Beth assures firmly under her breath.  "Where could you go on this planet that doesn't have a phone?  Bet you there's twenty of'em in this room right now."
To relieve some of her frustration, Beth starts to pound haphazardly upon Leona's chest.  The thought of her best friend since second grade running off without a word is embarrassing.  "Ouch!"  She stops the assault and begins rubbing her wrist.  "What is that?"  Not the least shy and given there has never been boundaries requiring permission between the girls.  She doesn't hesitate to unzip Leona's blazer to investigate.  "Holly shit!" she whispers.  Touch is Beth's way of verifying many of the things she sees; and this definitely needs to be touched.  "What is this stuff?  You wearing a chain link fence?  Is this some kind of new avant-garde fashion trend," Beth asks curiously, "Don't think I've noticed this in Vogue yet?"  She knocks at the close knit mail with her knuckles.  "It's metal," she declares in a mystified tone.  "Is it some kind'a jewelry?"  
"It's all the rage where I've been hanging out lately, like part of the local club scene.  Another passing trend, ya know, but I sort'a like it."
"Yea, I guess, be a lot cooler if somebody could see it though, right." 
"Nah! the whole idea is to be totally discrete, keeps it really personal."  Am I full of shit , or what?  But how the hell do I explain body armor?  Then I'd have to continue lying like some politician for the rest of the day.  "It's like each individual has to discover it on their own, 'cause it's a secret, like an inside joke, ya know."  Dear Beth, change the subject, please, so I can stop deceiving you.
"Yea... I guess," Beth mumbles half hesitantly.
"Trust me please.  It was something I had to do on my own." 
"Oh shit, you brat!"  Beth's voice rises and her eyes light up.  "You've joined one of those Steam Punk Goth cults.  I knew it," she gasps, "you went to California, didn't you?  We talked about that, 'member?  Why didn't you let me know?  I wanted to go too... probably."
"Come on... You know I'm not a west coast type.  I didn't really leave so much as I sort of got side tracked." Leona explains.  "Somehow, I didn't think anyone would really notice I was gone.  Time went so fast."  Leona takes hold of Beth with both arms and squeezes; she closes her eyes and rocks her friend softly from side to side.  "I'm sorry... the time just flew away.  It's like at the mall.   Your walking along, something catches your eye, and it just sort of draws you in a new direction."
"Yeah, I guess," Beth cautiously agrees.  "You should have stayed around.  Art's a millionaire now, I think.  He's got a condo, a BMW, and a Rolex."
"Pocket change!"
"Oh sure!  And he's still single and cute as a bunny, still got that nice little hind end too," Beth gleefully reminds. "Getting a little pudgy at the middle though."
"Yea, but did he ever grow up?"
Beth gives Leona one of her strange, over-the-shoulder looks. "Who cares?  Wait till he hears."
"Na!  Let's keep Arthur out of it, okay?  Remember the big fancy package that arrived last time I saw you?  The one I wouldn't open?"
"Yeah," Beth nods.  "You were still kinda freaked out about that roll playing game we beta tested, just before" she whimpers, "you... left."
"Well..." Leona confesses, "I opened it after all."
Though the best of friends surely they are, Beth can never be told the truth.  Just a few more tiny little lies and they will part.  For Hale has finally consented to a way over due dental appointment and Beth dare not give him an excuse to avoid it again.  So they agree to postpone catching up on all the exciting details of their separate lives till next evening beginning with wine and pizza at Beth's apartment, but it will never happen, much more so for Beth's sake than Leona's.
--
Their image fades as one to the past might reflect.  The smell of grease relinquished to the scent of sandalwood, the bright fluorescent lighting reduced now to candles' flames, and the hustle and background chatter exchanged for mocking challenges and threats of counterattack.
Hale and Beth are dating; the prospects of a match look good.  Her best friend, Leona, is accompanied by Art, her boyfriend of late.  He's a tall good-looking, but pretentious young man majoring in business and accounting.  They are hosted this evening by Perry, a sensible academic sort and a few years more mature and his wife, Christi, an articulate, grounded, English major.  Thus, have gathered six college friends who are now engaged in the final moments of a long evening at fantasy role game playing.
Art has graciously accepted the challenge of designing this evening's adventure, again.  As usual, his desire to conquer the realm has encouraged a slight tilting of things somewhat in his favor.  And as usual, he will act as both player and the game master.  His friends know he has stacked the deck, but they humor his antics in the interest of a challenge.  Leona always manages to sidestep his antics anyway.
Each player is obliged to create a prize--something they themselves have made to be awarded the last man standing.   Christi has baked a scrumptious devil's food cake with a masterfully crafted sugar castle atop to cover for her and Perry.  She also has five giant cupcakes hidden away; thus, each player will be a winner.  Beth will cover Hale and herself with a large pizza to have the champion's unlimited choice of toppings.  She feels strongly that Hale will likely not prevail; otherwise, she may have to top it with a quarter keg.  Actually, she will be making three pizzas for a video party the group has planned for the next weekend.  Art will surrender his sorcerer's amulet, an assembly of demonic attributes and crystals.  He doesn't see his masterful creation at risk, for he fully expects to breeze through this evening's tournament.  Leona has agreed to award the winner their choice of her wildlife sketches, matted and framed, including glass.  All the attendees will most likely receive another for Christmas.
Art and Hale are really into the macho one-on-one with classic weapons mindset--borderline fanatics of all things mystical.  Art even goes so far as to collect small statues of comic book super heroes and villainess types.  A great believer in the attributes of fate, He has brought his two pet plaster gargoyles along for good luck.  They presently occupy the living room's high ground.  Gazing down upon his adversaries as it were their task to vex his opponents defenses.
Mismatched furnishings, posters, and flea market bargains highlight the apartment.  Art has built a map rendered in three dimensions with papier-mâché, the realm of this evening's conflict.  It lays spread across a low table at the room's center.  Game pieces, dice and smoldering incense illuminated by a wide assortment of candles provide a sense of mystical authenticity to round out the decor.  Perry, Christi, and Hale have been flushed out; Beth is in jeopardy.  Thus, Art and Leona are left to duke it out.
A homemade cape inscribed with occult symbols is draped about Art's shoulders, this accompanied by his most fearsome magical amulet--an unbeatable combination.  His arms sternly folded, he foolishly suggests an unconditional surrender is appropriate.  "You're trapped; give it up now and I'll cut you some slack."
Christi snickers in unison to Leo's customary reply.  "In your dreams... dude."
Hale naturally agrees with Art.  "I think he's got you Leo."  Beth immediately expresses her disapproval of his partisan politicks with a jab to Hale's ribs.
Christi concurs with Beth.  "Psychological disinformation is not going to win the day."  Perry prefers the neutral, no-comment, wait-and-see position, particularly since Art's nemesis has never been fully taken yet.  Art stands confident he has stuffed enough tricks up his sleeve and set sufficient traps to topple this wily witch.  Leona rolls the dice, selects a card, and places two others she was holding on the board.  She smiles sarcastically with a pout.  Art begins to fidget.
--
Now I bid thee one and all venture to the land of fantasy, mostly Art's that is.  There, to stand for a time as prisoner of the group's collective imagination.
The unholy activities commence within the confines of a wide subterranean arcade, a dismal foreboding place deep within the bowels of some ancient citadel.  The damp rough stone walls are covered with the accumulated mildew of centuries.  Flickering oil lamps barely light the way between things abandoned long ago and accumulations of fallen debris.  Water dribbles through the low vaulted ceiling only to search aimlessly about the floor for an exit.  Along one side corroded iron cages hang several feet above the floor, many among them still occupied by the remnants of their long-forgotten tenants.  At the corridor's end, beyond partially open iron gates, a dimly lit dungeon awaits our players.
Two Ogres come into view, their heavy leather armor lashed together with lengths of rusted chain and straps of iron, helmets forged upon their heads, joined as one with masks of sordid mildewed leather to spare their master the sight of them.  These garments one could easily liken to portable torture chambers, for miserable surely are the sad souls restrained within.  A faint light glows from their eye sockets.  The first of them carries a torch and a massive sword so dulled by use as only now capable of breaking things.  A double-bladed ax broad as a man's chest rests upon his accomplice's shoulder.  They lumber along the slimy corridor toward the gates as shadows move slowly across the lighted area just beyond.
With sword and torch in hand, the first manages to squeeze between the seized gates into the dungeon.  His confederate, twelve stone heavier, tries but fails to fit.  As patience is not a virtue of his sort he rips the gate from its moorings with a roar.  The first Ogre spins about at the calamity ready to strike, then, lowers his guard uneasily.  "Fooolllll," he hisses in dismay.
The dungeon is an L-shaped room.  Oil lamps illuminate only the larger leg, thus, shrouding the shorter end in shadow.  Hidden there, just around the corner a sealed iron door awaits, being the only other exit.  Debris attest to the room's grizzly past.  The soot-blackened ceiling so far above its presence is known only by the rustling of the many bats now residing there.  Skeletons of machines, likely forerunners of those now employed in high-speed poultry processing plants litter the floor.  Rusted shackles and chains with brutal hooks dangle artistically from the walls.  Some of the heavy wooden doors securing the cells lining the perimeter have decomposed and fallen away or barely persist by a single hinge.
The first Ogre lumbers past his impatient associate, handing him the torch.  Picking up the recently detached gate, he wedges it firmly back into its former position and secures it with a length of loose chain to impede any who think to leave the party early.  Snatching his torch back with a grunt, Art's gruesome twosome approach the first of the cells.
 Cautiously the Ogre pulls a crumbling door open and enters while his oversized accomplice remains watchful.  Insects have all but turned the straw upon the floor to dust.  A well-dressed skeleton is heaped in the corner, the long since separated arms still chained to the wall.  Remains of fine threads and scraps of embellished cloth are a testament that this once well-to-do individual has run afoul of those powers that are said to be.  Otherwise, nothing of interest here, for history is the least of their concerns; they have a mission.
Turning to exit, he nudges a rotted wooden post which collapses without so much as an "excuse me."  They retreat as portions of the ceiling come crashing down finally providing some semblance of a burial for the occupant.  At this, the resident bats are becoming a bit uneasy with their guests.
Ogre the Impatient addresses the next cell by pulling the door from the frame and heaving it aside.  Snatching the torch from his counterpart, he readies his ax and courageously advances without hesitation.  A brave soul indeed, for he now finds himself teetering at the very edge of a pit which occupies much of where the floor should have been.  He relinquishes the torch in favor of regaining his balance; the light tumbles into the abyss with a roaring sound.  There it sizzles and flickers, half submerged in the muck sixty feet below.  The floor of the pit is set with a maze of sharpened iron stakes laced with the bones of less well balanced fools.  A stroke of genius soon follows from which an appropriate conclusion is drawn.  "Goonnneeee!"  He backs away, grumbling under his breath in languages unknown, but of unmistakable toxicity.
Ah! The "snap" of a twig instantly brightens their mood; both immediately fix their gaze upon a cell door at the adjacent side of the room.  There within a frail silhouette dodges about stricken of panic.  The hopelessly trapped fellow soon perceives a hideous leather mask appearing briefly at his window.  A mighty huff of dust and debris fly in all directions as the dry rotted door shatters, crashing into his chamber.  Massive and ominous, the Ogre's silhouette, sword at the ready, stands in the portal.  For lack of the torch his fellow dragoon sacrificed to the pit, he enters carrying a clay oil lamp scavenged from a niche in the wall.
A feeble old man, the image of a concentration camp survivor is cowering in the near corner of the cell shielding his eyes from even this minuscule light.  The Ogre advances, raising his weapon to strike.  The old man raises one arm across his face in defense, holding out his pet rat with the other as an offering.
"Master, please," he begs, "I am but milord's harmless lamp keeper."  But his fearful expression now changes to a coy smile.  "I mean you no harm."  A hand appears within the Ogre's shadow.  It sweeps aside as though parting a curtain.  "But I fear milady would have your head!"
"Huh?"
Leona's presence becomes apparent, although nearly concealed by a dark hooded cape.  A sword flashes through the air.  A lamp drops, shattering as it strikes the floor; burning oil now mingling with the straw and debris.  The lamp keeper lets out an ear-shattering scream as the Ogre's masked head drops into his lap.
Goliath the impatient charges into the fray.  Leona is quick to strike off the blade of his ax before it comes to play.  The reverse swing severs the handle, though still firmly gripped between the Ogre's palms.  Thus, is he left standing amidst the burning straw holding a short, stout staff in each fist and wishing his attack was better planned.
Back in the approach corridor, well beyond the bound-up iron barrier, a massive slime-encrusted drainage grate rises from the floor then to be heaved aside with ease and a loud "clank."  A squat hulk of a fellow emerges from the sewers below.  He lumbers toward the chained gates dragging two imposing machetes with cane hooks at their tips.  An agonizing death howl echoes through the corridor as he approaches the conflict.  His comrade, it seems, has come to no good end.
Behind him follows yet another conscript from Art's rogues' gallery, a burnished long sword at his command and gleaming shield for his defense; a shield so lustrous in fact as to be more of the ceremonial sort than something of practical purpose.  Smooth and polished as a mirror and accommodating a sharp barbed spike at the center, a prize likely forfeit by some unfortunate seeker of treasure in places better avoided.
--
From this dreadful maze wherein all manner of torment is so eloquently perceived, now again confront reality, where Art for all his clever designs is found sorrowful and deceived.
Leona, with the graceful restraint of a Vegas croupier, reaches across Art's stylized map of the realm.  There with the tip of her finger, she casually flips over two of his four toy soldier game pieces.  From our master sorcerer's perception they topple in slow motion like ten-story brick buildings from which the foundations have suddenly been dynamited.
Christi turns to her hubby with a smile and muses in a whisper.  "Surely he's learned by now a Mexican standoff is as close as you get to Leo."  Beth giggles and nudges Hale.
"You know," Perry confides, "she should consider ROTC next semester."  Christi glances back with a sarcastic smile.  "No, I'm serious," he continues.  "Why not?  I get the feeling this logistical maneuvering does more for her than mixing goop in test tubes ever would."
Art takes a turn with the dice, chooses a card, and places another from his hand on the table.  Leona places a card from her stash beside his; both are retired.  Outwardly, he seems confident, but within panic is stirring as Leona seems able to neutralize every obstacle he has crafted.
--
Reality quickly fades back to the realm of fantasy as the advancing Ogres crash like bulldozers through the flimsily chained gates.  Being Art's dutiful assassins of the moment, they are impatient and seeking merciless revenge.  Fire is spreading; rising smoke and heat have stirred the bats occupying the upper reaches into a frenzy.  They dart erratically through the thick, acrid haze and flickering light.  Visibility is becoming a premium.  Leona crouches near the floor, the better to see if not to breathe as well.
A sinister, darkly robed figure stands at the center of the corridor observing the conflict ahead.  Hundreds of panic-stricken bats stream from the dungeon; they instinctively avoid this menacing presence as they pass.  'Tis Art's alter ego.  His makeshift cape has morphed into quality garments adorned with mystic symbols of fine gold.  During the transformation he has acquired a magical power staff topped by the requisite glowing crystal orb.  His cheesy amulet, now beset with exotic jewels includes a winged demon; accessories worthy of any master sorcerer.  He's all decked out and prepared to firmly trounce this arrogant challenge to his absolute authority.  It's role playing swords and sorcery camp to the max, blended with the ultimate real-world threat--his girlfriend's reluctance to submit?  
Within the maze of smoldering cells, the backup team searches discreetly for their master's nemesis.  One motions to the other as if to say, "be still and silent."  He then points to the floor at the outside corner of the L-shaped dungeon.  A hint of Leona's cape appears there, a sure indication she is hiding in the darkness just around the corner.  With such keen insight these fellows would surely do well in the future's markets.  The Ogre with long sword and shield quietly crosses the room; then, moving along the wall to a position immediately adjacent his prize.  Readying his weapon, he braces himself, then takes a full swing as he steps blindly around the corner into the shadows.  The heavy sword cuts not the flesh it seeks, but solid stone, striking the wall with a tremendous jarring impact.
Severely off balance and now knowing he's stepped into a trap, he slices blindly into the pitch, but nothing of substance is there.  Leona's hand becomes apparent in the darkness just alongside him.  She flares her cape, tangling his weapon within its heavy folds.  The force of his counter swing causes her to spin full circle in the opposite direction adding considerable impact to her strike.  Mortally wounded, his weapon is cast adrift as he drops to his knees.
The last of Art's enslaved soldiers attacks the smoky shadows with gusto.  A battle rages nearly unseen in the faint flickering light; steel clashes, sparks fly.  The forth is slain, and now there is silence as men wait to die.
--
Once more I bid you retreat to the world of real problems: taxes, over-priced ladies' handbags, and strategically engineered shortages.  There, Leona's hand invades Art's side of the game board once more.  Again, much to his dismay, the remainder of his zombie army topples.
Perry can see Art is approaching a high simmer and thinks it a good time to help his wife out in the kitchen.  "Leo's copped the other two," he confides quietly to his fair lady. "There will be repercussions.  He takes this stuff too seriously.  I hope he never gets into politics."  They soon rejoin the others and serve up a fresh round of iced tea; perhaps it will help cool the atmosphere.
Everyone's attention is focused on the game.  How has the hand of fate stacked those cards?  What numbers will appear when the dice have stopped?  Destiny shall not be denied, neither for a ladybug wandering through the grass nor for the unknowing Lady of Durer as she wanders about this side of reality.  Hale is frantically consuming a slice of pizza as Art takes a turn with the dice and flips a card.  Leona counters, placing one of hers on top of his.
"A dead man's favor," Perry exclaims, "that works! She's going to make a traitor of your own fighter.  He'll be forced to assist in her escape."  These are not words a happy Art shall make, for indeed that locked iron door was to be her undoing.
--
Now, back into this swirling pool of collective fantasies.  Where, come what may, we shall have an end to this evening's handiwork.  To the victors their pizzas and cup cakes, but for the defeated, let them slink away to sulk as would those who dare to plot of requital and vengeance for another day.
Thus, we find the mortally wounded Ogre on his knees; his head back looking up toward the victor, yet not in despair.  He rips the mask from his head revealing the face of a tortured man.  Tossing it aside he inhales deeply as though it were the first time he's been able to get enough air to fill his lungs.  "I have so long waited to be free of that accursed thing; I do no less for thee, milady."  He pulls a key ring from his belt, fumbling a bit, holding it up with great effort to examine.  "By this you may pass."  He nods toward the iron door and offers her the keys.  "Finish your task," he begs, "that I am bound no more."
Leona grants his wish, then, turns to the door blocking her escape.  With a twist of the key the latch snaps and the rusted hulk slowly pivots, disappearing back into the pitch-black passage it once concealed.  Returning to the dungeon area she seeks a lamp to show her the way.
Art enters just then, in all his glory.  They stare at each other for a long moment, then, she's quick away into the shadows.  The lamp's reflection draws her attention to the slain ogre's polished shield.  It seems an omen, lying there beside the once formidable enemy who has set her free.  She retrieves it and sprints into the dark portal.
Art removes his cool amulet, holding it before him.  "Bring me her soul," he commands.  A wicked little bat-like demon emerges from the talisman amidst a hellish glow.  Long spindly arms with bony clawed fingers reach out, these preceded by an oversized mouth bristling with needlely sharp teeth and followed by a neck that quickly tapers off into a broad leathery tail.  Sweetheart of a thing, yet surely the sort only a mother could love.  It flutters away in Leona's direction, propelling itself through the air with it's tail as would a fish in the sea.  The iron door opens as the demon approaches allowing it to sail off down the dark passage, undeterred, mouth agape, and wicked talons extended.
Leona stands motionless in the passageway with little choice but to face the oncoming beast.  The anxious demon precludes a confrontation by slamming itself head-on into her image, reflected as it were from the confiscated shield she has hung from a torch bracket where the passage turned abruptly.  Standing just around the corner, facing the shield, she's held the lamp high to light herself providing a false target.  Now, impaled upon the barbed spike it wails and screams, struggling to free itself.  She pitches her clay lamp; it shatters against the wall engulfing Art's little pet in flaming oil.  The crackling flesh emits a foul stench suitable for the occasion.  Leona is quick away toward a fragment of light barely apparent in the distance.
Thus, now we find Art standing amidst the dungeon's smoldering debris gazing with disapproval at his amulet as it dissolves in a shower of fizzling sparks and thick black smoke.  "This just isn't fair," he sighs, casting the charred remnant aside.
Drawing a tiny dagger from his sleeve, he drives it into the side of his neck.  Thus, a grotesque transformation occurs; bulging scaly muscles, glowing eyes, claws, fangs, severe doggy breath--the complete accessory package.  Art's alter ego has gone full circle, transitioning now from one extreme to the other.
Meanwhile, Leona has found her way into the citadel's altar room where Beth, scheduled for sacrifice, is presumably waiting to be rescued.  A radical departure from the dungeons grim embellishments these walls are finished with finely dressed stone, the floor tiled in polished granite, and a cathedral ceiling of oiled cedar beams looms overhead.  Flaming silver sconces line the walls casting a warm glow on the room's interior.  An altar of pale green jade supported on the backs of gargoyles and flanked by smoldering urns occupies the room's center.  One wall includes several luxurious period-decorated cells secured by elegant polished bronze grill works.  The opposing wall is a series of arched stone portals opening onto a balcony facing the sea.  All the foregoing is complemented by matching accents of appropriate hue and arranged in a nicely coordinated demonic decor.  Sheer curtains across the arched openings roll and flutter in the ocean's breeze.
Knowing more of Art's handiwork is sure to follow Leona bolts the door, drags a heavy table up against it and wedges several chairs beneath the table's framework.
Beth is nowhere to be seen.  Leona calls out and sure enough her best buddy pops up amidst a heap of frilly comforters in the 1600s antique French salon.  "Hey... Leo," she replies with a silly grin.
"Nice!" 
"Spare me!" Beth responds, "No phone, no cable... it's a dunge'," she frowns.
"The keys?"  Beth shrugs that she doesn't know where they are.  Leona begins a frantic search rooting through the drawers of a cabinet next to the cell.  An adjacent door opens just then.  The Butler, a well-dressed ghoul, enters with a silver tray of covered dishes, lit candles and flowers.  He sees Leona and snarls his disapproval.  She up-ends the tray, dumping Beth's gourmet lunch into his face; swiftly producing a dagger from her belt and plunges it into his chest.
"He wasn't so bad," Beth pleads, "really."
That voice didn't come from the right place. Leona turns to find Beth standing outside the cell in her nightie, looking every bit a sailor's dream.  
Beth continues with the innocence of a child, "Why are you looking for keys?  I mean... he never locks it."
Glassware in the cabinet begins to tinkle as though to warn of an impending earthquake.  The approach of a great thumping becomes apparent and a monstrous wailing echoes through the walls.  Beth cringes somewhat.  "Sounds like you've pissed Art off again."
A clawed hand bursts through the bolted wooden door,  The impact scatters Leona's barricade like match sticks.
"Yep! You've really wound'im up this time," Beth concludes with a certain undeniable logic.
Leona pulls something from a string about her neck; between her fingers now a tiny hourglass.  "Let's have done with it; by these few grains of sand we live or die."
"Isn't that Art's weird little time-bomb thingee?"
The door bursts from its hinges; the Art monster squeezes his way into the chamber and stands.  He towers above the girls; his attitude less than cordial.  Fixing his eyes upon Leona, he crouches into an attack stance and challenges waving his head to and fro with a gaping toothy roar.  Leona rotates the miniature hourglass between her fingertips; the sands begin to flow.  An ominous glow arises from within the device as she carefully sets it upon the altar.  The girls look to each other as the monster lumbers toward them.  Both dash through the portals, across the balcony, and make parallel dives over the railing.  Leona's exit, a sleek swan, serious and to the point.  Beth, however, flips over feet first, back arched and arms outstretched, with an expression of pure glee as she descends toward the raging sea below.
The Monster approaches the altar with some concern.  Carefully picking up the hourglass between two talons he holds the curious apparatus up close to one eye for examination.  Knowing it must be stopped he rotates the device, but to no avail.  Just as fantasy defies the laws of reality.  Thus, shall the last few grains of sand defy the laws of gravity, continuing to flow upward until the flask has emptied.  Art lowers his head in dismay and expresses the current state of affairs in a low grumbling voice.  "Oh shit!"
As Leona and Beth sail through the air toward the sea below, a blinding light emanates from the exit portals cut into the rock face of the cliff.  An eerie fortress shrouded in mist looms above; it begins lighting up one level at a time.  The rock face bursts with a tremendous concussion.  Huge twirling boulders are propelled past the girls like shrapnel in slow motion.  The surface of the sea rages against their impacts.  The foundations now gone, Art's great stone fortress cracks and crumbles into the sea with a grinding roar.  Beth and Leona disappear into the froth, swimming straight down through an avalanche of slowly tumbling stone blocks and boulders.
Though the water is a boil with chaos the girls are not the least concerned, nor even find it necessary to seek the surface for breath.  For this is a fantasy after all and their fate has been favorably secured with a throw of the dice.  The turmoil around them subsides; they embrace as might mermaids at play among their favorite seashells.
--
The contest thus concluded, swords and spells are set aside, for now 'tis cupcakes by candle light and steaming Irish coffee for all.  Art appears heartbroken at the prospect he must surrender his amulet.  He passes it to Leona as Beth and Christi cheer her on.  "I don't have a thing in my closet that would go with this," she concedes, returning it with a smile.  "Why don't you hold on to it, we'll go double or nothing next time, okay?"  She leans over and kisses him lightly on the cheek and whispers.  "Cheer up... we all had a little fun at your expense.  Our turns will come round, I'm sure."
"Art, you know it wouldn't have worked anyway," Beth assures, teasing their vanquished sorcerer.  "You can only sacrifice virgins.  They would just send me back with 'rejected' stamped over my belly button."
Always eager to provoke a blush and Hale being such an easy mark, Leona teases.  "Hale!  Whatever is she saying?"  One might even suppose her a fraction envious of the quality relationship Beth and her beau enjoy.  Art's more the wham, bam, thank you ma'am sort rather than one inclined to cuddling.
Beth is grinning from ear to ear.  "Hey, don't start picking on my guy, too."  She curls up on Hale's lap, squirms around with a giggle and wraps her arms around his neck.  "He understands my needs," she relents coyly.  Hale blushes slightly and drapes his burly arms over her petite frame.  They look like a package of pull-apart breakfast rolls.
 Christi points to the three different-colored 16-sided dice, which show a 5, 6 and 7.  "Look at this!  I mean, what are the odds?  They had to be in ascending order, by the color, and no doubles; five seconds to escape, six seconds to detonate and seven seconds to disarm.  Perfect!"
Perry clarifies the mathematics.  "Any ascending combination would work, but I still wouldn't bet real money on rolling it.  Maybe we should round up some venture capital and send her to Vegas."
Hale adds fuel to the possibilities.  "You should put a buck on 567 tomorrow; fate has spoken."
Art seems to have detached himself from the rest of the group's merriment.  He toys with his fallen soldiers as one trying to understand how they could have failed him, especially with his gargoyles on hand for backup.
Beth queries Leona "So, what do you want on your royal pizza for the video party?"
"Oh! The usual... dragon's scales, frog's tails, and bat's ears... with a little gold dust around the edge if you please."
Christi chuckles.  "You people are worse than the Star Trek junkies.  Besides, I don't think frogs have tails."
"Actually, what I would like is a veggie," Leona clarifies, "with real slices of tomato, lots of mushrooms... and celery."
Beth wrinkles her nose.  "Celery on a pizza?"
"Why not?  I like celery!" Leona assures."  Dice it up thin like the onion so it will toast and maybe some celery seed too, and thyme on the tomatoes."
"I know celery," Beth assures, "What's thyme?"
Christi concedes.  "Does sound good.  Beth, come help with the cupcakes and I'll introduce you to Mr. Thyme.  It's sort of lemony; I like it."  While they organize the presentation in the kitchen for Leona, Christi remarks as to Art's soulful attitude.  "I don't know if Leo and Art are going to last.  She's awfully strong-willed; most guys don't care for that."
"She just likes to torment him over these games," Beth defends.  "I admit... she is a little odd though.  Loves those smelly used book stores across town.  She'd rather be scrounging around there than do the mall, comes up with the weirdest stuff too.  Last week she was totally ecstatic like she found an Armani purse at the flea barn for a buck.  Just a filthy tattered old book about some Arab guy, Genghis Kahn!"  Beth shrugs, "I mean... who cares?"  Christi snickers, easier to let Beth's historical misconceptions pass than try explaining.  "It's not even a class assignment," Beth continues, "and it's thicker than my French history book."
"Well anyway, I think it's starting to take its toll on Art," Christi concludes.  "I wonder if her mom's that way?"
"They're dead--her parents, I mean."
"Excuse me," Christi blushes shyly, "I had no idea."
"An avalanche! of all things" Beth exclaims quietly, "I mean, how weird is that?  They were skiing somewhere in Europe.  I forget where she said.  She doesn't remember them at all.  Her grandparents have raised her since she was like just a few months old."
"That's a shame; I'm glad you queued me in before I said something stupid."
Back at the realm Art starts packing up the model as Hale attempts to console.  "Chill out, man; it's only a game.  I mean, it's not like football or something."
Christi soon enters, all smiles, and ceremoniously presents her castle cake to Leona.  "For her majesty, Leo, conqueror of all she surveys and defender of the realm."
"And virtuous young girls like me, too," Beth adds with a smile.
"Very well then," Leona announces, "I command you all to join me."  She turns to Christi.  "Let's have a knife and divvy' up this treasure."
"Don't worry, I've got the rest of us covered.  That's all for you."  Christi produces the cupcakes and begins passing them around. 
"I can't eat all this!  Let's do the cake now and save those for tomorrow."
"Yea!" Hale agrees enthusiastically.  "Great idea."  Leona offers the first slab to Art.  Still brooding, he says nothing.  She continues cheerfully, allowing it pass quickly as possible.
Hale has nearly finished his portion by the time everyone is served.  "Looks like you need some backup," Leona observes, passing him another slice.
"No, no, no!" Beth chimes in.  "No more please!  He's going to be coming to Weight Watchers with me if he doesn't slack off soon."  Too late, the second slice is practically gone already.
"The poetic justice here is that Art invented that time-bomb card."  Christi reminds, trying to take some of the heat off Leona by splashing a little vinegar onto Art's scuffed-up ego.  "But, there were so many conditions it was suicide to invoke.  Then he convinced Hale he would need it and talked him into trading his bodyguards away."
"Yeah, great idea there," Beth assures sarcastically.
"It worked out fine for us," Hale defends.  "Remember?  I traded it to Leo for the 'Ferryman's Free Ride', got us out of the Zombie's swamp."
"Wasn't a trade, dear." Beth enlightens.  "She gave up the free pass to bail us out, dude."
Leona moves over behind Art, puts her arms around him with her head on his shoulder and rocks from side to side.  "Come on guys! It took three weeks to get this together for us.  There really is a lot of effort and coordination in something like this.  Too bad his Profs don't appreciate the management skills involved here."  She gives Art a squeeze.
"Hey! Why don't they?"  Perry suggests.  "You know, why don't you ask if they'll accept something like this as a business plan project?"
Leona picks it up and runs.  "Yeah!  There you go!  It's just as involved as any scheme to get bowling alleys back into the mainstream.  I would! I'd outline it and submit it."  She continues to nuzzle his neck with her chin and massage his shoulders, but Art isn't responding to either her physical attention or the praise.  She attempts a more complementary approach.  "Actually, I was planning on the Masada defense, you know, suicide as opposed to capture.  Besides it has been a long night, it's after five you know... we are about to see the sunrise."
Perry concurs.  "It is getting late.  When did we start? About seven right?  Wow! That's like almost eleven hours.  Great show, buddy, lots of challenges there."
The ladies round up the crumbs, Hale collects the soda and beer cans, Art gathers the game paraphernalia, and Perry goes to the bathroom.  With fond farewells to all, the players disperse into the early morning chill.  Art is the last to exit; Perry offers a hearty handshake.  "Really man, great game, thanks."
The door closes; Christi waits a few moments.  "I doubt there's a happy ending between the sheets for those two today; Art has got to lighten up.  He needs to learn from Hale--he and Beth... they're a riot."
"They understand the priorities," Perry concludes. "Art seems to be missing the point."
"Hale's a marshmallow." 
"Around Beth, yeah, but you've obviously never been in his company during a football game, especially if his team is losing.  But hey, I had a good time!  I'm not holding any grudges and I trust you aren't either."
"Was that a proposition?" Christi concludes with a smile.
"To da dungeon," Perry teases with a brutish look.
"No, no, not the dungeon," Christi pleads in a childish voice.
"To da dungeon, I say."  Perry insists in an artificially deep gruffy tone.
"Oh please, sir, not the dungeon," Christi insists.  But, despite her fervent pleas for mercy she's betrayed by a glowing devilish grin.
"Tooo...Daaa...Dungeon!
"All-white!" Christi concedes in a squeaky voice as Perry takes her hand and leads her to the bed room.  Likely a similar scenario will soon play out for Beth and Hale.  Two out of three isn't bad!
Dawn approaches as Art's old compact rolls to a stop in front of a stately old residence lately converted to mini apartments.  He and Leona sit quietly looking straight ahead; Leona finally breaks the deafening silence asserting the obvious.  "Are we not talking? I got lucky, so?"
"I didn't say nothing," he responds, keeping a close watch on the windshield wipers.
"Yeah... I've noticed.  I take it you're not staying for breakfast?"
"I've got a paper due Wednesday.  I need to get on it."
"This is Friday... well, Saturday... Okay, whatever!"  She exits, hesitates a moment, then turns back.  "Forgot my prize... the one I got for kicking your ass."  She reminds while reaching in to retrieve the foil-wrapped remnants of Christi's cake.  Art drives off without further ado.

Chapter-2

SEARCHING FOR LOST CITIZENS AT THE DAYDREAMER'S FAIR.

Are we victims of reality or fantasy,
And if so, which then shall it to be?
Is not one but the other, well disguised,
That each is the same, you see?

Depending upon one's point of view,
Are not either but just a game?
Curiosity being both cause and effect,
Well then... which is to blame?

A self fulfilling prophesy, perhaps,
Mere fact by any other name.
'Tis desire alone that counts the most,
For it matters not by which path you came.

Dare we venture there, you and I,
Though slight askew of time and place?
Atlanta, not so very far away,
But for the moment one need waste.

So incredibly near, In fact,
Hardly one breath must a traveler taste.
Could it be that more than one domain
Seeks to share that self same space?

A place where the rules of nature
Upon occasion slip askew.
Where time avoids the perils
A beam of light might pursue.

Preferring rather the longer route
As that around the blade of a screw.
Yet both to arrive at the self same point,
A place in common for me and you.

Such path taking more time of course
To get from here to there.
Hence, is progress held at bay
For want of memory or a displaced care.

Caution not to tell another
While there what you plan to do,
Or sure as death the hand of fate
Will have the fool made of you.

For here they dare propose
A sword is mightier than the pen.
Because 'tis not the course of history,
But your life you must defend.

Within a candle-lit chamber
Where secrets are said to reside.
A space of no apparent dimension
With not a corner where one might hide.

Within a pitch-black room
Where men in stately robes preside.
Some think of them purveyors of doom
Where those who error learn to abide.

That lawful order may be maintained,
This forum comprised of inquisitors three,
Judge of Sorrows, Lord of Consequence,
Yet not the least, the Nobleman of Equity.

Highest tribunal of the realm,
And this dark chasm is their lair.
The final word on disputes of game 
Being there's alone to declare.

Legislators more of boundaries,
The Games Regal their domain.
A field of play, by definition,
Where crimes may not be held to blame.

Rogues, villains, even murderers
Of no concern to them.
Interpreters of character are they,
Hence, more than forest or field to tend.

Rather questions of valor, honor,
Of loyalty pledged, where and when.
For the Henzec's jurisdiction begins
Where ends the concerns of lawful men.

Their task the fabric of the realm
And they the means this stuff to mend.
Though that it dare exist at all,
A space delicate and so slight to rend.

For neither sovereign nor rogue
These rules may violate.
Nor excused of buffoons or fools
It matters not how long they would debate.

When in there presence Lords recant,
That not but truth they may bear.
With beard and locks of pitch they come,
One lie, they stay till gray their hair.

Then there are the others
Never to be seen again;
But without exception
Those who are left as better men.
--
Before them now stands Marwyn, a rugged fellow of 25 years and considerably stronger than might he first appear.  One not unacquainted with certain arts some might consider strange in nature; and others pure and simple sorcery.  He himself once a player of the games Regal, but now an advocate of the realm qualified both to charge and defend players of the Games.  On this occasion however, he is called to inquiry and council of matters upon which no other of his standing may claim first-hand knowledge.
On his right a tall, slender, sober female, a solicitor of the realm.  She addresses the court's guest.  "Marwyn of Cereta, your vow of silence regarding matters of the game is hereby suspended so long as you stand before this forum.  As an officer of the courts do you affirm that nothing which transpires within this chamber may be revealed to anyone for any reason?"
"Yes!" He acknowledges.
"Were you once counted among those entitled to cross over as a participant of the Games Regal?"
"Yes!"
"Have you forfeited everything gained thereby and surrendered your warrant without duress?"
"Yes!"
The Lord of Consequence is first to inquire. "The fondest dream of every child in the realm is to qualify as a player of the games.  You stand apart, the only one once accepted to have cast this honor and its privileges aside.  Why?"
"I intend no disrespect... your honors.  In my eyes the game breeds distrust and conceit.  People whom I loved were slain or destroyed themselves and the best of their friends.  Gold is not a cause I choose to die for.  I was fortunate; fate has allowed me to return home to a simple and useful life.
"Do you then firmly believe and trust in the hand of fate?"  The Nobleman of Equity questions, probing Marwyn's philosophy.  
"Yes!"
The Judge of Sorrows turns first to one associate then to the other.  Both silently nod their approval whereupon he proceeds to enlighten Marwyn of the task for which he's been chosen.
"But for a few unfortunate sods chained up here and there all those with a license to cross remain safely away. 
They, enjoying their considerable good fortune with not a care, as you once did.  Your experience in that place and your honorable service to this tribunal qualify you in certain matters presently of interest to us.  Some twenty years past the treacherous and untimely fall of Durer has created an imbalance, an uneasy situation to this day.  A city administered by committees of favorites and appointees cannot but fall to ruin and Durer is well upon that path.  A simple notation has been discovered in the city's archives, slight, but ever so important.  Six words that imply the queen may have given birth to a princess just prior to the city's default.  We have reason to believe that if such infant ever existed it might have been smuggled across the portal to keep the child from harm's way.  In theory, that could not happen, but we must render a valid effort to dismiss every possibility."
"You see," The Nobleman of Equity adds with some pitch of concern, "why such a simple notation would exist in the absence of an official proclamation is troubling.   If the official record was destroyed we must know why.  Given the demise of Durer was such a rapid event the scribes may have been otherwise occupied and the notation ambiguous.  Either way we must be sure."
These disclosures are well above Marwyn's level of privilege.  He is beginning to see himself adrift in a small boat cast upon a troubled sea without sails, oars, provisions, or a rudder to stay his course.
"A grand scheme indeed that there may exist alive and well a lawful heir to the House of Durer," the Lord of Consequence adds.  "Such an individual could restore a measure of balance between certain of the kingdoms in a politically acceptable fashion.  For in due time, the alternative will surely cause a most painful undoing of a well-established city.  If Durer may be saved, then it must be done."
The Nobleman of Equity motions to an unseen officer who steps from the boundless shadows that ever surround the tribunal.  He presents Marwyn with a ring of the sort used to seal documents.  "This grants you access to any resource of the realm," the judge advises, "in whatever measure you deem necessary to sustain this court's inquiry.  The laws of the realm no longer stand before you; if it exists find and authenticate the child."
--
Humm!  Was that a dream, another of Art's games perhaps?  For no such place as you have just visited exists in this world, does it?  Ahhhh, but now we are awake again and back in familiar territory, downtown Atlanta, a lively place to be sure.  And so, come we now upon a roll-playing gamer's carnival.  Fun and frivolity for all, especially those with over-active imaginations.  Perchance, the perfect opportunity to seek out something the City of Durer, wherever that is, may have lost!
The parking lot is packed; Art's compact zips into the first available space.  He and Hale exit and sprint toward the exhibition hall.  They dodge around and between the parked cars like a quarterback and his best blocker in the final seconds of the Super Bowl.  The billboard above the entrance boldly proclaims "Gaming Exposition, Over 300 Dealers".  Leona and Beth are still in the back seat when the guys disappear through the gates of paradise.  Beth implies sarcastically.  "Think they'll be safe in there... on their own?"
"All I can say is thank God Art can't get a credit card.  He'll spend every nickel he's got and I'll have to lend him lunch money for the next two weeks."  Leona stretches forward between the seats to get a look at the dashboard.  "Looks like he's got almost a full tank of gas; I wonder how that happened?"
"I snatched a twenty from Hale's wallet for safe-keeping.  He'll rediscover it in the morning."  Leona chuckles at the thought that her 106 pound daisy of a friend has had to take something the size of Hale under her protective custody.
The ladies enter the main hall.  Isles of Booths and promotional displays of game-playing items: clothing, candles, new-age books, replica weapons, crystal balls, and lots of comics.  Every realm of fantasy from Atlantis to the Zodiac is represented.  Posters everywhere, most with busty, weapon-wielding, scantily clad females, typically accompanied by some Neanderthal or large winged carnivore.  The crowd is almost entirely young males with a few original hippies and Grateful Dead types for flavor.  The guys have disappeared without a trace, spirited away by some mystic force that was probably wearing hot-pants and carrying a sword.
Somehow? the girls end up at a clothing booth.  Beth pulls a provocative outfit from a rack and models it.  "Is this what the slave girls are wearing this year?"
"If it were up to these guys, I'm sure you'd be expected to wade through swamps, climb mountains of jagged rocks and ice, and fight demons with nothing more... and probably less.  Of course, they would be along to protect you decked out in fur lined leather and light armor."
"You and Art, ha!"  Beth exclaims with a wide grin.
"You know this is the first I've seen of him since he drove off and left me standing on the curb at sunrise last Saturday morning." 
 "You're going to have to throw the next one really bad.  I mean helpless as a snail, maybe even crying a little."
"Like hell!" Leona assures.
"Don't knock it!"  She turns up her nose and muses, "I can put my guy on his knees with a few tears."  Beth pulls another equally sparse outfit from the rack. "Ohhh... this is nice!  Yes, I could totally control Hale with weapons of this caliber,"  she quietly confides.  "I'm telling ya you need to get one of these teasers.  Think of it as one of your basketball outfits with some lace and a see-through tee shirt.  It's just another one on one sport," Beth chirps, "but both sides win, eek!"
"He can kiss my ass."
"He probably would," Beth assures with a devilish smirk, "more than once."
A young salesgirl dressed in Renaissance costume approaches.  "That's perfect for you.  Would you like to try it on?"
Perfect, what a coincidence, Leona muses to herself.
"Yes! Oh, and do you have anything bullet proof?"  Beth continues to harass.  "A nice drab green and brown Desert Storm kind of thing for my friend here with lots of pockets for ammo and hand grenades?"
Leona flashes a sour attitude.
"Yeah," Beth adds, "I'll sew a little red heart on it and you can wear it to your sword fighting class."
"Fencing!"
"What... ever!"
Leona sweeps the air with the back of her hand for them to go away.  Beth and the salesgirl move off out of sight to the changing booths while Leona fondles a jump suit. 
A young lady about the age of seven peaks out from between the clothes racks.  Shy as a hummingbird, she cautiously looks about.  Seeing no one else near she raises her line of sight, smiles and prances over to Leona with a curtsy.  A perfect little doll she is, dressed as a fairy ballerina replete with wings of sparkling gossamer fabric.  Very slowly they cycle back and forth as those of a butterfly whilst extracting nectar from a flower.
Leona crouches down to address her at fairy level.  "Well, hello, and how are you today?"
"Very fine, milady."
"Indeed you are!  And may I ask, what is your name?"
"I am called Toeluqule."  The little girl's wings flutter momentarily, yet so quickly as to become almost invisible.  The clothing on the rack shuffles in the breeze.
"And how may I please you, Miss Toeluqule?"
Her wings accelerate again, but for a moment, as she hands Leona a card.  "And what have we here?  'Your future for a penny with this card, Booth 108.'  Quite a bargain you're offering!"
"Costs a penny. Will you go?"
"Yes!"
"Promise?"
"For you, I promise."
At that, Toeluqule lights up with a gleeful smile.  Leona is distracted for a moment when she hears Beth and the salesgirl returning.  Looking back, she is disappointed to find her little friend has disappeared.  Given a moment to reflect, those play wings couldn't have cycled fast enough to caused a breeze, could they?
"You look pleased," Beth assures.  "What happened?"
"That was so clever."
"Huh?"
"The wings, from what I know of mechanics, I don't think it was possible."
"What?"
"Never mind, you had to be here."
"Spotted the guys at the food court.  I've got the munchies," Beth nods.  "Come on; let's see if we can embarrass them into treating us before they go broke."
"I'm surprised they'd stop long enough to eat.  Go ahead, I'll pass.  I've a little promise to keep; I'll catch up in a few minutes."  Beth scoots away to filch a freebie while Leona's off to search out the fortuneteller's booth.  It's hidden somewhat by stacks of portable partitions; well out of the mainstream traffic and definitely in the low-rent neighborhood.  Neither of the adjacent spaces are rented; both are piled with folding chairs.  The booth is little more than a cardboard archway which has been childishly painted with stars, planets, and signs of the Zodiac.  Faded mismatched curtains are hung to enclose the sides.  It's not impressive, but the price is right and a promise was made.  Truth be told, she's hoping the little girl will be there and might show her how those wings work.  The bad news is scribbled on a sign pinned to the curtain across the entrance declaring the facility "closed".  Leona turns away a little discouraged until a quaint voice beckons from within.
"Come in, come in please.  I've just been to the ladies room.  We are back in order now."  She parts the curtain and enters the small dimly-lit chamber.  As her eyes adjust to the light Leona finds herself before a massive stone archway rendered in a Celtic motif.  Unicorns hide among the designs and wistful maidens bid you enter.  A heavy dark green velour drape covers the portal.  There are marvelous contradictions here, for the stonework rises well above the level of the ceiling in the room she has just left, indeed from her present point of view there doesn't appear to be a ceiling  Yet, for some reason the conflict of logic raises no caution flags, even to someone as quick to question as Leona.
So gentle the voice that calls to her, "come in child, your future awaits."  Once the words are spoken Leona knows this is a request which she may not deny.  A calming hypnotic feeling assures her no harm lingers there within.  Beyond the curtain, two high-backed chairs face each other across a small black table; thereupon a silver tray and a candle.  The Cleric, a gracious lady with a truly disarming smile motions that Leona should come forward and sit.  Fine garments grace her person with sparse but quality accessories; no foolish trinkets here.  Art would have been disappointed as she is seemingly out of character by normal swords-and-sorcery standards.
"Have you come to me of your own free will?"
"Yes!"
"Very well, place first the card then your penny on the plate." Leona, somewhat transfixed, complies.  A tray of sliced fruits and a glass of wine moves into view at her side, it's held by two enormous hands.  Leona, ever curious as to how things like this happen, turns and looks upward.  An immense male with shoulder length blond hair wearing little more than something akin to jockey shorts is standing silently at her side. So large and muscular is he as to be of the sort found only on fantasy magazine covers or in the erotic dreams of Amazons.  She has a nearly uncontrollable urge to slide the palm of her hand across his abdomen, just to assure herself he is real.
Leona turns to the Cleric.  "Is his name Thor?" She asks with total sincerity.  Before the Cleric can answer she turns back, looks straight up into his eyes and asks, "do you have a big hammer?"  Then just a quick she is again facing the Cleric with a childish grin from ear to ear.  "Hung like a stallion isn't he?" she whispers quietly with a giggle.  Seems her current environment has flipped her like she's just finished off a couple joints. 
"He is called Rea." The Cleric advises with a smile and slight chuckle.  "Sample the wine my dear, it's very good."
"I've never known a penny to go this far."
"A penny by way of the Fay's invitation," the old woman advises affectionately.  "Considerably more otherwise."
"Yes, the little girl... she is so enchanting."
"More than you might suspect," assures the Cleric with a coy smile.
The chatter of the gaming fare has ceased, transposed to the distant sound of splashing water and the shuffling of leaves.
Leona senses her speech is becoming slurred.  "Please do tell her I've kept my promise."
"She knows you have.  Believe me; you wouldn't want to break a promise to that little vixen."
Leona begins to suspect booth 108 is no longer to be found by any attending the fair--nor for that matter, anywhere in Atlanta.  There is no desire to ask why or wonder how; and most uncharacteristically, she has not a care in the world as to what might happen next so long as it continues.
"Place your hands upon mine and close your eyes, dear," the Cleric suggests softly.  Their hands join.  Leona's eyelids grow ever so heavy, flutter, and close.
--
Leona's eyes flash open; she finds herself standing amidst the fair's activities.  The suddenness of it nearly causes her to lose balance.  Beth is fast approaching with an expression of relief.  "Where have you been?" she asks sternly.
"Ah... humm, good question.  Over there, yeah, by the clothes.  That's a really good question, you know."  Completely disoriented, she scans the room for a reference point.  "I think I was over there, but I'm... not sure."
"I was all over this place," Beth sputters, "and you were not here.  I was afraid you got pissed at Art and left."
"I met a little girl... I remember now, she had wings, dragonfly wings, and we ate warm sliced pears and raspberries with whipped cream.  I think they were pears.  Anyway, speaking of children, have you seen ours lately?"
"Yes, and we may have to catch a bus home."  Beth crackles rather sternly.
"Why?"
"'Cause they may not have time to drop us off."
"What?"  Leona questions with a puzzled expression.
"I think they're going straight to the Middle East to join the crusades."
"Oh crap."
"That's it exactly! The car is so totally filled with crap, if at all, we may have to ride on the roof."
"Where did they get the money?"
"Art must have had a stash," Beth advises.  "I saw Hale too, so at least I'm sure Art didn't sell him into slavery for cash."
--
Gold coins flow from a hefty leather pouch splashing onto the Cleric's silver plate with a chiming sound long since forgotten on this side of the gateway.  The patter of gold brings a smile to her face and a twinkle to her eye.  "Tell me, dear lady.  Is she the House of Durer? Is she the one I seek?"
"Yes, but much more of this world than yours; certainly not one of the vagabonds who come and go to play the games.  She knows nothing of the realm, nothing.  Set her upon the throne of Durer and the child would be assassinated within a fortnight.  So, if a funeral is your wish, she may grant it."  Marwyn displays a measure of regret as the Cleric continues.  "The eastern kingdoms have much to lose if Durer regains its sovereignty.  By hook or by crook, I fear they would surely slay the girl."  The Cleric's image dissolves and her voice fades into quiet echoes.  "See that she does not take lightly the consequences of regency."  Marwyn candidly steps back through the cardboard archway into the fair's proximity.  He regrets having found his mark, a lamb to be sacrificed upon the political altar of Durer.
Elsewhere among the fair's activities, Leona, her arms tightly folded, has set aside her befuddlement of the last hour to address the prospect that the guy she is hooked up with may never grow up.  "After finals, he's crashing to earth and sorting out his priorities or flying solo--that's it.  I enjoy the games too; it lets you out of your cage for awhile to just rant and rave.  Everybody needs a little of that.  There's got to be a balance though... limits; it has no value if it reaches the level of all consuming foolishness."
A harsh standard from someone who just a moment ago was mainlining pure, uncut, 200-proof fantasy and totally seduced by it.  But then, all things are relative and there was no foolishness about it.
"Leo, I think they're all that way," Beth concludes.  "If it's not this, it's sports, or beer, or cars, or wet tee shirts; just be happy it's not another girl."
"I don't want to end up his baby sitter," Leona asserts, "someone to bounce his moods off of, like that stunt Saturday morning."
All of a sudden Leona has completely lost her friend's attention.  Beth confines Hale by a thread so fragile a spider wouldn't dare to trust it and yet so strong the average male is hopelessly bound thereby.  Although she wouldn't dream of actually doing anything that might strain it to the breaking point, she dearly loves to flirt with the opportunity, especially if Leona is near to chastise her fantasies.  The approach of a sturdy, ruggedly-handsome young man offers just such an opportunity.  She jockeys for eye contact; her impish smile, little turned up nose, and wasp of a figure are like a three-pronged frog gig.  Aha! She's caught him, or so she delights to imagine.
But Marwyn's not drawn by Beth's enticements; rather his interest is of a much higher order.  Approaching the girls with printed handouts from outside Leona's line of sight, he and Beth exchange smiles.  As her presumed victim comes closer she lights up.  "Hi! I'm Beth."  Leona turns to see what new friend has come upon the scene.  "This is my friend, Leo."
"Hi, nice to meet you ladies.  My name is Mark; I write gaming strategies aimed at college-age players."  He hands each of the girls a paper as he continues the pitch.  "Thing is, I'm required to test-market my ideas on random couples from each campus.  Fifty bucks cash per couple, if you'll give it a try."
Beth being Beth she toys with his words.  "You want to pay us to play games with you? Hummmm!"  She glances to Leona and demurs.  "That might be fun," returning her attention to Mark.  "Do we have to bring the guys?  Leo and I, that's a couple."
Mark breaks eye contact.  "Hi!" He passes handouts to several others in close proximity to give the appearance Leona is nothing more than another random customer.  "A new game, check it out," Mark advises the other supposed potential test players.  Again addressing Beth.  "Without the guys who's going to save you from my dragons?"
Pointing toward Leona, Beth advises sternly.  "She can whip any dragon you've got."
"I'll leave it to you; hope to see you both."  Mark introduces himself to another couple as they pass and merges with the crowd.
"Wonder if he likes slave girls?"
"Slave girl my ass," Leona injects.  "You're such a little witch you should get a broom."
Beth raises the bag she's carrying and giggles a little, "Got it right here and my magic wand too.  You need to know brooms are out this year; translucent fabric is much more effective."
--
The girls are approaching Art's parking space to find their counterparts struggling with a jumble of freshly acquired contraband.  The problem is finding just the right way to fit a battle ax and trident into the small car and still accommodate four passengers.  Art slides the long handle of the trident into the back seat between the front passenger door and the windshield post.  It just fits alongside the pike by jamming the handle in between the edge of the seat and the rear arm rest--that is, diagonally across the passenger compartment.
"Art!" Hale interrupts.
"Yeah!"
"Where are we going to put the girls?"
"They're pretty flexible," Art insists with some reservation.  "They'll figure a way."
"Think you'll be able to steer with that thing jammed in your ribs?"
"Yeah," Art supposes cautiously, but you're never going to fit up front though.  Only way this is going to work is if we can stuff Beth back in that corner."  Hale glances toward the far side of the rear seat, then back to Art with obvious concern.  Hale knows he'll be picking up the tab for these indiscretions later.  "Like under the handle; I think we can push it up some.  Don't worry she'll fit.  Then you take the other side.  We can move the front passenger seat up a notch or two."
"Leo's going to be up against dash and pretty tight to the door."
"Well, yeah," Art admits.  "I think she'll fit."
As the girls close in they can see Hale is bent over sideways on the floor behind the front seat.
"What are you doing?"  Art asks.
"One of the rubies came out of my sword's handle."  He pops up from behind the seat for a moment.  "Do you have a light?  It's amazing what's under there.  I think some of it's alive."
"I've got one... but the batteries are shot!"
Hale dives in behind the seat again.  Art leans over the back of the front seat to help by blocking what little light there is.  The girls are being totally ignored.  Leona can see the jewel cleverly hiding alongside a crumpled coffee cup on the pavement.  She stoops, quickly retrieving the treasure before the guys come up for air.  Leona places the missing red glass gem in Beth's palm and folds her fingers over it.
Beth quietly confides, "This is going to cost him."
Leona inquires with true concern.  "Was it a magic ruby, Hale?"
"Hey, you guys back," comes a muffled reply from the car's basement, "I don't think so."  Hall pops up into view, "but it looked really cool." 
The girls offer sarcastic smiles to each other.  Art attempts to console Hale's loss, pointing out that a search of the local flea market would likely produce a suitable replacement.  All agree if indeed it's still in the car it won't get away before a proper search may be conducted.  And if not, Beth suggests with a coy smile, "it's gone forever."  Before they can depart the girls must be woven into the available space.  Several branding irons protrude from a brass cauldron showing suspicious signs of rust.  The vessel had to be placed in Leona's lap after she squirmed into what little remained of the front seat.
"I know these spears won't fit," she surmises with a suspicious tone, "but why aren't the rest of these treasures in the trunk?"
Whereupon Art's forced to admit, "there's some other stuff back there."
"You mean there's more of this?" Leona gasps.
"No, it's stuff from the picnic."
"What picnic? Oh, wait... Art that was three weeks ago.  You mean you haven't cleaned out those coolers yet?"
"I got the beer out," Hale assures as though the leftovers were sealed in stainless hazardous waste drums, and thus, no longer of concern to humanity.
Beth looks sadly toward Leona, pinches her nose, and makes a terrible face.  "Maybe we should drop them off at the biology building," she suggests with total sincerity.
"Right!"  Leona concurs, "we could be harboring a new life form."
"Hey, you know what else?" Beth questions.  "What are you going to do with these branding irons, you and Leo getting kinky?"
"Haven't you heard?"  Leona advises with dismay.  "Gerbil rustlers, yeah, they were spotted in the neighborhood last week.  We've got to get Beth's herd stamped right away."
Hale turns to Beth and asks.  "Do you have gerbils?"
"No, but I've captured my share of lightning bugs."
"Those are antiques," Art defends.
Though she's pinned into her seat, Leona's keeping an eye on things in back via the mirror behind the visor.  Both girls are smiling joyously; the guys are their helpless captives with neither a viable defense nor a place to hide.  Shifting the sarcasm to a different front, Leona inquires.  "Beth have you noticed anything strange about the way Hale's been dressing lately?  You suppose this is a statement or just a phase?"  Beth glances at her budding warrior, pauses for a moment, then looses it totally.
"A phase I hope," she muses between chuckles.
For lack of a better place to set it Hale is wearing his new reproduction gladiator's helmet replete with nose guard and genuine brass-plated lion's head attachments.  The supposed chain mail dangling from the brim sways to and fro in unison with the car's motion.  It appears a sort of sheet metal lampshade with a motorized fringe along the edge.  He's completely engrossed in Mark's ad and refuses to pay any attention to the girl's teasing.
"Okay," Leona concedes.  "My question is this.  Seriously, what are you two tooling up for here?" 
"There's going to be a gathering," Hale responds candidly.
"A gathering?"  Leona counters, "a gathering of what pray tell?"
"Yeah, up in Virginia," Art clarifies, "last weekend in August."
Beth snickers.  "Sounds like a new horror flick: 'The Gathering.' Da-daaaa!"
"Yeah, or probably like what's in my cooler back there in the trunk," Leona reminds.
"There's another in New Hampshire in the fall."  Art continues zestfully, again avoiding Leona's concerns.  "It's all over the Internet: Combat games, jousts, the whole works.  Everyone who attends has to be in total costume, no civilians allowed.  It's being sponsored by one big family clan from Scotland.  And there's a couple more in California hosted by publishers of game manuals and video producers.  It's research for my business economics class project.  I'm thinking of maybe setting up a promotional gig."
"Hum! Okay, good!  So you're planning to attend these gatherings and this stuff is for costumes?"
"Yeah..." Art confirms with some hesitation, "something like that."
"Is there anything you forgot to mention about a lottery ticket or a bank robbery, maybe?"
"Details... I'm in touch with some people who might consider sponsoring us."
"Us! Hale, are you going too?" Leona inquires coyly.
Hearing the "H" word, Beth gets involved.  "I'm waiting."
Hale realizes the cat's out of the bag and he hasn't cleared it with his favorite mouse yet.  "It's kind of on the back burner, Hon'--you know, planning stages."
"I'm sure!" Beth suggests with some hesitation.
Hale knows he's got to change the subject or he is going down like a submarine with screen doors.  "Hey, this sounds great man!  We need to check it out, see what this guys up to."
"What's that?"  Art inquires, just as anxious to switch the topic.
"This new game," Hale exclaims, "we can pick up a hundred bucks.  And it says there'll be a continuous buffet."
Leona corrects his math.  "Hale, that's $25 per player not $50 per guy.  I assume you realize Beth and I are entitled to share in the booty since it is our gig."
Having had their fun, the girls back off the sarcasm and allow the matter of Renaissance fairs to fade quietly.  Both realize it's likely more of an excuse for the cash they've just squandered than a grand new direction.
--
Six hundred years away, in a manner of speaking, Mark has again come to be Marwyn, the very same fellow but for his attire.  Now having verified Leona's identity as the child sought by the inquisitors he steps before the bar to present his findings.  The Nobleman of Equity thus asserts, "What of those who harbor her, these surrogate grandparents? Surely they knew of her origin."
"Both were players of honorable standing, Milords;" Marwyn advises.  "The archives list them as slain while defending her father's city.  Yet records at the gateway show they passed to sanctuary six days after the fall of Durer.  One small chest of coin was declared; it tallied six and one third kilos all of gold.  There was also included a jewel box; the contents are listed as one necklace, one dagger, one quarter kilo of emeralds, several rings, bracelets, and a few minor trinkets.  Taken as well, a case of alchemist's preparations including poisons, three trunks of clothing and several weapons, primarily long bows.  Everything was identified as Durerish in nature."
"Clothing?"  The Judge of Sorrows echoes,  "That should have raised suspicions that something was amiss."
"It did milord.  To expatriate clothing would be unusual; the affidavit indicates the trunks were duly searched and nothing was found to be out of order.
"Durer fell twenty years past," the Lord of Consequence reminds.  "They would have been in violation of the minimum play requirements and thus, retrieved by their own kind.  Would they not?"
"The log declares twelve days later notice was received of casualties from games in progress, internal warrants, and the affair at Durer.  The two who care for the child were listed as slain; their licenses were duly retired.  Hence, they avoided the time limits established for active players who are in sanctuary.  There was no reason to back-check the records of passage against the casualty notice.  They were lost, their obligations forthwith disposed of by their presumed deaths."
"Clever!" the Nobleman of Equity freely admits with a smile, "well accomplished, these folk are not fools.  They were thought dead, banished to the archives. Hence, out of sight and far from mind.  And they obviously had no intention of ever returning."
"Their complicity is a violation that should not be tolerated," advises the Lord of Consequence in a stern tone, then clearing his throat.
"The law of limits grants them stay, milord," Marwyn reminds.  "Only should they return of their own will may a charge be served upon either of them."
"Yes, an interesting loop hole that limits stuff," the Judge of Sorrows points out with slight disdain.  "I don't approve of those clever little devices that allow some to circumvent justice.  Was this by design or the hand of fate, Marwyn?"
"Were the hand of fate their guardian there would have been no need of such considerable haste.  Great dispatch is required to travel that distance in six days.  Four fresh teams and as many drivers properly located along the way would be needed to accomplish their transport in so short a time.  If word of their demise had reached the portal first, passage would have been denied pending inquiry.  When I inquired as to how they came to be listed among the lost defenders I learned the position they were charged to defend was consumed by fire.  Such complete destruction would conveniently excuse the absence of bodies.  By design Milords, well and carefully plotted."
"Durer needs a ruler not another marionette to replace the bountiful quantity already at hand and certainly not a maiden who has  never set foot within the realm.  There is no precedent for this quandary, not even remotely.  In these times anyone claiming the city by birthright would be challenged on every principal of law, and If she did prevail, she would rule at considerable risk.  So warns the Judge of Sorrows."
"We are not empowered to place a queen in jeopardy.  Were she to return it must be of her own will and with full understanding of the perils before her.  she would have to sit under the Minnon's hammer and be judged in public.  So say I, Lord of Consequence."
"I concur.  Though by the blood Durer may be her city only a stern lad wise in our politics and willful as iron is the least that may survive.  She belongs here and being not a player has no right to remain in sanctuary, but if we force her to return I fear we would be sending this child to her death.  This we must not do... ignore the rules, leave her be.  So sayith the Nobleman of Equity."
Marwyn steps forward and bows before the tribunal.  "May I be heard, Milords?"
"Come forth lad," acknowledges the Judge of Sorrows, "your council is welcome.  That is why you are here."
"I know the world of sanctuary, though she is in the care of players she resides among common folk.  As in ours, few commoners ever step beyond their daily chores.  As to her deeds, likely there are none to know.  This is not to suggest commoners are incapable, but rather... seldom are they properly challenged.  Courage, cunning, a will of the best iron, to this add warrior, charlatan, thief, and possibly sorcerer.  Milords, what have we then? If not but a player of the Games Regal, the gladiators of our world with all the realm as their coliseum.  Every single player I've known was a commoner who rose to the challenge.  Survival depends upon how quickly one learns.  This appears more a matter of qualifications and the will to endure than of blood lines.  Test her... severely, as would the blood sport."
"Within the games?  She could be torn apart.  We would have the blood of a lawful queen on our hands."
"No, Milords, safely... within her own mind."
The Judges look to each other for a moment, then, nod a tentative approval.  "Go on, lad."
"I have arranged a trial to inquire of this young women's character.  There is a binder with significant capabilities of this sort.  Her work is very precise; the girl could be cast into an event existing solely within the boundaries of her own mind.  Once there, allowed to mix freely with characters bound to steer her a course into turmoil.  That is the field upon which your Lady of Durer may display her valor or the lack of it.
"How authentic can a dream be?" questions the Judge of Sorrows.  "I myself have experienced many foolish things within the realms of the night."
"I speak not of a dream, Milords.  It does not occur while the subject sleeps.  During the event she will feel every pain dealt to her and suffer accordingly.  It would require the participation of the Minnon, however, and the trial must occur in sanctuary.  But thus, every response will be authentic for the Minnon forbids her react in any other way.  No untruth may pass into the stone.  Even so far as to experience death itself if it comes to such end.  When all is said and done her memories will be drawn away, consigned to the Minnon's domain.  Thus, each of you may bear witness to her every deed and displeasure."
--
While Marwyn plots a course for a ship not yet fitted with sail, Leona navigates the seas of her unbound imagination elsewhere.
She sits not at the furthest reaches, but well away from the crowd of the new semester's introductory lecture.  Daydreaming as it were for lack of night with no certain destination in mind.  The professor, a stout middle-aged fellow with a good sense of humor given the dry technical aspect of his profession, addresses the new crop of students.  Seedlings as it were, about to be exposed to the harsh realities of organic chemistry
"Last year you may have thought you were studying the exquisite science of chemistry," the professor advises his new crop.  "And though characterized as such, most was merely chatter about the elements and their salts.  At year's end you departed the academic environment with a joyous feeling that the next three are going to be a breeze; 'I've got it made.'  Well ladies and gentlemen, this year we call it organic; it will be very enlightening to some and quite mystifying to others.  In these next few months we shall undertake to separate the misty from those of you who would continue.  Our interests shall focus on just a few very common simple elements: carbon, nitrogen, hydrogen, and the one none of us may do without for very long, oxygen.  A simple combination of just two forms dihydrogen monoxide, the basis of all life as we know it and covering two thirds of the planets surface.  In their pure forms one is usually a black solid and the other three invisible gases.  Strangely enough, given the proper application of heat and pressure the black one, like the gases also becomes invisible and a highly prized symbol of everlasting commitment.  So, this should be simple as dirt, right?  But no, there's a glitch, dirt you see is a immensely complicated substance.  These four elements alone account for more compounds than all the others combined several times over.  Shall we begin?" The Prof pulls down a chalkboard with the equation: C12H22O11 + CH3COOH + NaCl + CH2OH(CHOH)16CH2OH = ?
"So, let's get to it.  What do we have here? Anyone? Silence!  Come on... Don't be shy.  Surely there remains some spec of insight that has survived summer vacation?"  A dozen hands rise, "I'm encouraged." the professor points enthusiastically.  "Let's have it."
"Common table salt!"
"Okay, that was the easy one, a little something to get you started.  What else?"  All are Silent.  "That's it... nothing more?  Oh my!  The beer and sun tan lotion has washed it all away?"  The professor picks up his seating chart, raises his glasses slightly, squints a bit, then fixes his attention on Leona's apparent total lack thereof.  A day sleeper, what more suitable victim to sacrifice?
"Miss Guthrie... hello, Miss Guthrieeee... anybody there?"  Leona remains inattentive, in another world.  He wonders how she managed the previous year.  "Earth to Guthrie, Guthrie... come in Guthrie."
Leona suddenly realizes she is being addressed.  It was easy to miss after all, I mean who calls her Guthrie?  "Yes. Yes sir! I'm sorry.  Ah, what was the question again, please?"
"Hum!"  The Prof points to the equation.  "The class was wondering if this compound will explode, or at least glow in the dark.  What do you think?"
She scrutinizes the equation.  "I don't think that's going to form a compound.  No! Pretty stable, no danger of an explosion... at least under normal temperatures."  The Prof begins to perk up with some anticipation; he may have caught a live one.  "Looks like... salad dressing to me, sir."  One of the students snickers quietly; the rest are wiser.  The Prof lowers his head slightly and snaps the thumbs of both hands toward Leona with his trigger fingers extended.
"Well... let us examine the lady's conclusions.  Her first observation is correct, under normal conditions no reaction.  It will not form compounds; it is a mixture, it yields nothing new.  The second observation is also correct.  Only under high temperatures would the sugar and oil combust and not so violently as to be considered an explosion.  Read it people; salt... sugar... vinegar... and your basic vegetable oil, dressing for the young lady's salad.  For the rest of you, however, a little something to occupy your time for the next few evenings."
In due time the lecture concludes, the students are dismissed, and thoughts of salad dressing are quickly replaced with discussions of more important social issues.
The Prof intercepts Leona on her way out.  "Miss Guthrie, a moment if you please?  For someone who seems to spend most of the class period in another world you have a fine understanding of the elements."
"It's my grandfather's influence; he fancies himself an alchemist.  I learned early on that he would be pleased if I took an interest.  Some of it must have rubbed off.  And there were certain subsidies factored into my weekly allowance if I cooperated."
"He's done you a good service."
"Took a while to make the transition though, only ancient names and symbols were respected in Pap's lab.  And... you had to know how to recognize the stuff in the wild and refine it.  Oops!" Leona rushes to the apparatus on the lecture table where a flask is foaming over under the influence of a Bunsen burner.  She turns the gas off.  The Professor follows, his curiosity intrigued by the curious prospect one of his students might actually be able to identify and distill metallic salts.  "It's a practical science."  Leona continues with a coy smile.  "When I was fourteen I decomposed a five-foot stump for one of our neighbors, a big old maple." 
The professor removes his glasses.  "Decomposed?" 
"Converted to kindling, well, splinters mostly, Maple's hard, shatters like glass.  What a bang!" she proclaims enthusiastically with a sneaky smile.  "Took two days to round up our cows again 'cept the one that died of a heart attack.  Oh-boy was grandma mad!  Poor old Pap had to sleep in his lab for almost two weeks."
With a cautious reframe, "five foot high... or wide?" the Prof inquires.
"About the same both ways as I remember.  There was quite a to-do.  We just acted dumb, kept our little secret till the cops stopped coming around.  When I was finally allowed back in the garage the nitric acid and all the oxidizers were under lock and key.  Pap had three liters of mercury less about half a pound or so, but after the big bang there was not a trace to be found.  Anyway, He's kind of pushing me in this direction and it's his dime, so here I am."
After Leona exits into the stream of gaggling students the professor considers for a moment where he might be now if he'd met this young lady back in his student days, when he was a fledgling of the SDS.  Probably, he surmises, some remote federal prison!

Chapter-3

BIND THE PLAYERS TO THEIR TASK, LET THE GAME BEGIN. 

It's Friday evening and Art's compact is jammed.  Beth decided to let the guys tag along after all, particularly since Art is the only one that has a car.  The crew's on their way to beta test this supposed exciting new game and sample the all-important continuous buffet.  Hale studies Mark's handout calling out the turns as Art drives.  "Should be it right there," he advises, pointing out an upcoming driveway.
The car eases onto the approach passing between two imposing stone gateposts.  Each is topped with a cluster of lamps, unique in this day and age in that they support live flames--a peculiar yellow one at that.  This stirs Leona's curiosity as to what type of fuel is being used.  Anyone else would merely be in awe, but her background in chemistry is constantly there to provoke such curiosity and said yellow flame is not common for any fuel she is aware of.  The heavy bronze gates attached to the posts are at least twelve feet high and wide open bidding them enter onto the cobbled stone driveway approaching the house.  Enormous trees populate the grounds and a thick hedge encompasses the estate rendering it a very private place.  Weathered stone sculptures of willowy maidens complement the setting.  A splendid old Victorian surrounded by porches and topped with spires and dormers patiently awaits a hundred yards ahead.  The grand dame's windows are aglow, highlighting the smooth crowns of the driveway's worn paving blocks.  Parked alongside, a cream-colored Jaguar sedan awaits.  "I'm sure I've been out through here before," Art mentions curiously, "never saw this place--just old barns and run-down trailers."
Beveled leaded glass doors, transoms and sidelights sparkle from within too entice as though they were a gateway to another world.  Which in fact they well may be for at least one of their number this night.  An old Firebird and a new Corvette are parked in front.  One young couple has just reached the stone staircase leading up to the porch.
The girls are glad the trip is over, being as they are packed in the rear seat beneath a heap of battle accessories.  "Did you happen to notice," Leona mentions casually, "that guy wasn't wearing his armor?"
Beth concurs.  "Maybe until we meet everybody, you know, this stuff could be a little intimidating at first.  If we decide to mount an invasion later, we're ready, right?"
A jacked-up pickup that sounds as though is has straight exhausts and what seems like four sets of high beam head lamps atop the cab zooms into view.  It comes to a break-neck stop alongside the Vet.  Both of the CB antennas are flying Confederate flags.  A tall slender gal wearing a full-length black dress and preceded by a pointed chin departs from the passenger side.  She nods to Art and inquires, "Is this the place for that new game?"
"I think so," he replies with a nod.
"Thanks," she responds, "see ya!"
A big guy exits from the driver's side, flips an empty beer can into the truck bed and hails Art with a high five. "Howdy neighbor!"
"Hey, how ya doing?" Art calls out, returning the gesture in kind.  The guy latches onto his sleek lady and they head toward the porch arm in arm.
As Art opens the rear door to free Leona, a helmet rolls out.  He's quick to retrieve the wayward accessory while she attempts to free herself from their mobile armory.  Beth is wearing the seductive little outfit acquired at the fair.  To say the least, she is quite pleased with herself.
An exotic beauty of about thirty cordially greets them at the sparkling double doors.  She's tall, tan, stacked, accented with long, billowing, coal-black hair and large piercing green eyes.  The guys are impressed.  And not just because of the shoulder less, low-cut, form-fitting, white satin dress slit on one side up to her hip.  So, it must be her smile.  Beth is heartbroken in her own little way.  Even so, within the ranks of the sexy, petite, slave-girl class she has no peer.
The reception foyer seems even larger than the house itself.  Styling is that of a medieval castle with exposed structural timbers and high vaulted ceilings assembled with bolted iron plates.  The level of illumination is surprisingly adequate though not but candles are there to light the way.  Double sliding doors on either side separate the reception area from the adjacent spaces.  Those on the right are wide open and grant access to the game room; those to the left are just slightly ajar.  Before them, an extraordinary stairway rises to an interior balcony.  A svelte maiden about the size of Beth clothed in morning glory vines and carved of alabaster stands as the newel post.  The stairway and balcony are cantilevered from the walls on the backs of gargoyles who keep a watchful eye on those below.  Beneath the landing is the arched entry to an unlit hallway which simply disappears into the darkness.
Leona is drinking in every detail of the architecture, her eyes dancing about as though following the path of a whimsical butterfly.  The guys on the other hand have failed to notice anything aside from the superb architecture ever so slightly concealed, but perfectly outlined by the receptionist's beguiling attire.
"Good evening," she says softly.  "My name is Sanaia.  May I see your invitation, please?"  Art surrenders the handout provided to the girls at the fair.  She examines it and returns a smile.  "This way ladies and gentlemen."  She guides them into the game room.  "There are refreshments; please... be at home.  The game master will join you directly." Sanaia then draws the doors nearly closed and disappears into the darkened passage below the stair.
Leona hears Beth quietly complimenting Sanaia's choice of fashions.  "Darn it!"
A rare opportunity for comment this, as it's not often Beth is upstaged.  "So much for you, slave girl!" Leona whispers softly.
"You know what?" Beth retaliates.  "I saw a vampire on TV looked just like her.  I swear!  And she's not fooling me with that coiffeur either, bet ya a nickel it a wig, hair extensions at least."
"I doubt it would make any difference to the guys;" Leona assures, "she owns them both, totally, and not a drop of blood was spilt.  Is this place something else or what?"
"Yeah! No matter which way you look, something's looking back at you."
"The word for this is Gothic.  I like it."
"It's freaky; looks like the covers on some of Hale's Heavy Metal CDs."
A massive fireplace of black granite flanked by stylized six feet tall dragons dominates the game room's decor.  Large flecks of an opalescent blue material accent the polished stone.  Flames of candles, though reflected, seem to burn from somewhere within the lustrous stone itself.  The raised hearth extends four feet into the room with enough space to sleep six comfortably.  Remnants of several five foot logs smolder lazily, but for the occasional wisp of flame.  Music pervades the area, the soft tones of a minstrel's flute and the plucking of strings.  The overall atmosphere is perfect for the task at hand, the seduction of fantasy game players.
Naturally Hale has been sidetracked by the buffet.  He was thinking chips and dip with some pizza and maybe with a little luck buffalo wings, but he never imagined anything like this.  Hundreds of shrimp on an ice covered pallet, salmon, cheeses, a dozen different wines, 6 dollar a shot cordials, chocolates, pastries, an expresso machine, Swedish meat balls and deviled eggs too.  Holly shit, it's like a film set from The Great Gatsby. 
Food on the other hand is the farthest thing from Art's mind as he stares in silent amazement at the three-dimensional model of an entire kingdom which occupies most of the room.  Villages sprout along the winding roadways and two major population centers are represented, one adjacent to a fortified castle complex.  Field, forest, and watercourses are easily discerned even down to bridges.  A mountainous area borders two sides replete with watchtowers and meadows.  The model is sunken into the floor so the players have a complete overview as would be presented to the gods were they looking down upon their subjects as from Mount Olympus.
Five round tables are positioned in a semicircular fashion around the model's perimeter, each accompanied by a pair of high-backed swivel chairs.
Two silver candle holders occupy the center of each table, one held at arm's length by a knight, the other by a maiden.  No candles await their calling as yet, for the choice of flames may not be made until all have taken their seats.  Two leather bound volumes await, one for each player.  These recount the rules of the game and the laws of the land.  Laws may be broken, with proper consequence rendered to those who are caught; but the rules of the game are the master's domain, and thus, they may not.
A stone podium with Celtic designs faces the arrangement of tables completing the circle of attendees around the model.  Upon the podium a single large stout candle.
Beth abandons Leona in favor of the social activities developing near the buffet.  Leona, for the moment, seems a lost child bewildered by the wonders of an amusement park.  Our resident slave girl warms the atmosphere by introducing herself and the guys around to the other three couples.  This evening's guests appear to have been selected for maximum diversity.  Their ages being in the range from 19 to 22 appears the only common element.  The decor is stimulating considerable speculation as to what adventures the evening may hold in store.
The first couple represents the higher-bred, slightly arrogant, yuppie aspect of society; no doubt they arrived in the new Vet.  Both are fashionably dressed and sprinkled with quality accessories--or as they are known in some circles, power symbols.  The young lady's gold Rolex for example.  Or the discrete pin attached to her lapel screaming out loud of significant political affiliations.  Subtle, discreetly-placed indicators to say her status is well beyond the norm.  Her escort is square-chinned, perfectly tanned, cologned, and monogrammed.  His airs complemented among other things by an emerald-cut diamond pinkie ring rivaling most of the engagement variety.  His authoritative attitude alleviates any doubt he expects to be at least a congressman.  Hopefully they've turned off their cell phones.
Next are the punk rockers: tattooed, pierced, wild hair in hues of pink and green, the young man possessing a near-tragic desire for attention.  His lady, shy and slight of build, keeps a watchful eye on anyone who approaches.  She's holding onto her escort's little finger with the desperation of a mouse being led through a cage of glaring hawks.  Two young rebels, not entirely sure of their cause, but not ashamed to show the world they aren't the least concerned with your opinion.
The walking rebel flag has already made the crew's acquaintance, his willowy black-magic woman close beside.  An assortment of patches attesting to his proficiency at various competitive turkey shoots are displayed like war medals.  Also notable is a captain's badge of the volunteer fire brigade.  He appears the sort if not by size alone that would command the respect of men.
Everyone's flying their colors.  And Beth fits in nicely with her Helen of Troy threads.  Strangely enough Hale and Art having opted-out of their gladiator duds are the only normal, unpretentious looking individuals of the lot.
--
Except for the four prime participants each of the other player's personalities shall be blended with the attributes of a candle fashioned within the realm--some from the depths, others from the commons--thus, for each adding a pinch of spice to the buffet of challenges that lie in wait over the next few hours.  Consider though, time is a strangely relative medium.  While the hands of a clock move from hour to hour for some, for others even a moment may linger endlessly.  Indeed, one could toil forever in the blink of an eye.  Quite a few of the realm's dictates have been set aside for this evening.  Just as this world's technology is forbidden passage into the realm, neither may magic depart of it, at least not without extraordinary precautions.  Thus, many guarantees have been secured by warrants under the tribunal's seal to bring Sanaia and her trinkets unto this cause.  But then, it has always been more expensive, though of practical necessity, that the plumber visit the leaking pipe rather than for one to carry the sink to the plumber's shop?  In fact the Minnon's stone is on temporary lend from the Henzics and a detachment of security personnel are very near at hand to assure its safety and immediate return when this charade has finished.  
--
Adjacent the room of games
Resides a chamber of spells.
A space where things most common
Oft times seek to rebel.

Displaced are they to hide and wait,
This once a lair where spiders dwelled.
Tread there now they dare not
Till this night's demons have all been felled.

Long shallow tables of hemlock,
Buttressed and braced against each wall.
Great mirrors of polished silver
Just above them one and all.

Each being precisely parallel
As one dares to face the other.
That all things placed there within
Reflect endlessly one to another.

A great irregular stone
To this space has found its way.
Where thoughts are kept, bereft,
Left to languish in dismay.

A sponge to soak up the wants of men,
A space where lies may be not;
A chasm filled with the deeds of them,
A place where right from wrong is taught.

A province of artistic encounter
Where conflicts of mind are fought.
Cloistered deep there within
The place where not but truth is sought.

Unimpressive to eye and sleek to touch;
A yard in every way its measure.
A thousand times its weight of gold
Slight fraction of this treasure.

Being of substance akin to coal,
Ebony, the true color of this rock;
Thus, compressed of many a soul,
Heaped up, abandoned, left for naught.

'Tis the window of the mind,
A place where things enchanted dwell.
Hundreds of faces forged upon its surface
As those consigned to wander hell.

Each contorted and bathed in grief;
Each set within a deep relief.
Each lost to friends, all lost to love,
Everything lost as to a thief.

Each forever a slave to the Minnon,
Eternally bound by their own lies.
No less a nightmare deep beneath
Than one who's buried before he's died.

Light seeps from each there within,
From the mouths, nostrils and eyes of them.
Their souls slowly consumed,
These wretched shadows who once were men.

With memories all but withered away,
But for misdeeds yet to atone.
Purgatory personified, come to light of day.
This is a Minnon's stone.

Quietly upon an obelisk of copper it sits,
Still as a demon hiding in wait.
Burnished hues of greens and blues,
Coarse and pitted this metal's state.

Keeper of melancholy infidels,
With all the days of forever to moan.
Beyond the reach of time and place,
As now of neither blood nor bone.

Unfulfilled intentions, ever adrift,
Not rudder, nor sail, just left alone.
Cast off upon the river Styx,
This is the Minnon's home.

As seeker of truth and justice
'Tis not unlike you or I.
Though never was it born,
Nor ever shall it die.

A lens of dire conscience
Focused upward toward the sky;
Caring not of right from wrong,
But quick to sort truth from lie.

Sanaia respectfully caresses
This most impressive rock,
Then to recite unpronounceable words
That may be written not.

A light within begins to brighten
Just the slightest pale of yellows.
Then to a frightening fiery orange,
That would alarm even drunken fellows.

Soon from black as pitch to crystal clear,
As no longer defined by shape.
But, dismay not of the Minnon's charges,
For never of it's chargers has one found escape.
--
Marwyn and Sanaia stand before their imposing servant which is on lend from the Henzics to watch their guests chatter and mingle as new friends do.  The game room's occupants may be viewed from any direction.  An observer simply moves around the stone to whatever point of reference is desired as though the stone had become the game salon and the players were now there within.  Sanaia holds the invitations she's collected from their guests out to Marwyn.  Unlike most of their surroundings these are shards of physical material that actually exist.  "Evidence of this evening's deeds, better lost, do you agree?" Marwyn nods.  "To ash then, be gone," whereupon the papers combust as they fall whimsically toward the floor.  He watches respectfully as the invitations graciously accept their fate, then glances toward Sanaia.  She smiles coyly as to say, just fire, nothing to it, really!  But Marwyn has studied the dark arts and thus, appreciates just how complex initiating actuarial combustion can be.  Most magic is slight of hand or simple hypnosis and as a player of the games he has learned to tell the difference.  Fire, on the other hand is rather difficult to fake because it actually affects the physical condition of its surroundings.
She places her hands lightly upon the stone's surface.  As one might expect, the cube is warm and hums with energy.
"They to remain our guests for this evening;
your Lady of Durer a prisoner of her own keeping.
They to eat, roll the bones, and make merry all the night.
She to kill or die before the dawn's first light."
Again Marwyn nods his approval.  He then points the yuppies out to Sanaia.  "These two are the wicked ones; they shall have sovereign authority."  He retrieves a slender wooden box containing five candles, each is marked with different symbols.  Handing two to the sorceress, "for our regents to be.  And this one, the rogue, is for the big fellow.  As to his companion, the slender young lady in black, unfortunately... we have this to deal with."  Marwyn passes a silver tube to his co-conspirator.  Cautionary markings are engraved upon the metal and the cap is bound by an interlocking collar.  "Whatever of this remains at the close of our inquiry must be resealed in this same canister and returned to Lavare."
Upon touching the metal containment, Sanaia shutters.  "yes! I know of this witch, her name is forbidden.  I trust she remains beneath the stone."
"Far as I know," Marwyn consoles, "Her participation was recommended such that it had to be."
"Recommended? how curious," Sanaia proposes, "that someone would have all of our guests maimed or murdered.  Though none would realize it but for your lady of Durer.  Such an experience could have profound effects long after this charade is finished.  I fear politicks has taken a seat at our table; not your original mandate, was it?"
"I'm no less a pawn in this than she," Marwyn reminds with a smile.  "My hope is that we both might survive.  Now, as for our carefree dissidents," identifying the punk rockers, "the rosemary scented tapers, those of commoners thrust into a unique situation will suit them well.  Allow them choose as they will for better or worse.  As for the object of our inquisition, her escort and this pair of merrymakers?"  Marwyn points out Hale and Beth.  "They shall go just as they are, candles of wax, untainted."
"Her two friends" Marwyn advises, "are the pawns, very important to our inquiry; we must guide them gently into harm's way.  Their plight shall challenge our lady's character; in this she will have a cause.  What is she willing to risk, coin, or life and limb? How far will she go to preserve them?  That is our question."
"And the lad she has chosen to bed?" Sanaia adds speculatively.
"Equally so," Marwyn continues, "he is her first bastion of defense and she his charge.  Would she place her safety entirely in his hands or assist in her own preservation?  We must learn whom she values more, her friends, her paramour, or herself, and how these relationships will fare under stress.  How quickly will new friends be found and allegiances formed?  More so, to what ends will these bonds prevail or crumble under the weight of a few coins or risk of injury?  Will debts be paid and commitments honored, or avoided, cast away when their usefulness is done?  I need to know every telling sign.  Is she a liar, a beggar, a thief... commoner or queen?"
--
Leona is hard pressed to imagine wealth of this extent the result of designing games.  Everything appears genuine, the workmanship flawless, quality akin to museum standards.  Such resources are not the domain of the working class.  Either the games are a serious passion and this fellow heir to some fortune, or his agenda must be considered of dubious nature.
While everyone jabbers and feeds Leona steps back into the foyer to conduct further reconnaissance, glancing upward to the balcony then back over her shoulder before approaching the partially open doors across the foyer.  Having been properly raised--that is to say, taught to respect the privacy of others--snooping about so is a strain upon her conscience.  Peeking beyond a partially open door, however, is not nearly such an offense as turning the latch on one fully secured.  One could argue as well that to offer such an enticement is in fact an invitation a guest would be impolite to ignore.  Amazing how the mind conceives of such justifications for improper behavior.  If this Durer thing doesn't work out perhaps she should consider politics.  And so the deed is done.  Parting the doors just a little more she cautiously slips through.
Are there to be no limits to this?  Tall slender windows with thick dark wooden frames grace the far wall, each with numerous small panes of glass leaded to their tasks.  Adjacent walls are lined with cases filled of large leather-bound volumes.  Tall slender bronze creatures stand between the cases; their feet bear sharp talons extending out onto the floor.  Any who dare approach should certainly take care not to step upon them lest the beast might wake and cry out, or worse.  Their heads, well over six feet above hers, gaze downward with stern expressions.  One could think them angry at this curious interloper.  At first she thought the use of candles a gimmick to add atmosphere, but this room as well is illuminated by tall bright open flames.  The volumes appear ancient in character, probably irreplaceable, yet all are left at risk to the loyalty of these tiny fires.  Were just one to break ranks or topple, these treasures, indeed the building as well could find themselves in serious peril.
In the spell room Sanaia advises Marwyn that his inquisitive guest of honor has separated from the herd.  "Wouldn't do to have her wandering about and step through a hole in the floor," Sanaia advises.  I've cast her in the illusion of my library.  Such a curious nature could prove a fatal flaw for one about to venture into unfamiliar lands.  Should we not have a lesson then," Sanaia declares with a sly smirk, "that she may profit by it?"
For Leona curiosity is second nature; the farm where she was raised offered numerous opportunities to explore.  At the library's center a great reading stand seems somehow out of place.  The design of it is simple compared to the exquisite gothic bookcases.  This construction is of chestnut with few embellishments aside of those articulated by a crew of wood bores from sometime past.  Well worn, water-stained, and charred by fire along one side, this appears more a keepsake from some long-gone monastery.  The top has four opposing sloped platforms each supporting some musty volume.  Rising from their midst is a stout iron candle holder tarnished nearly black, but with no rust.  Two rings of shallow dishes entwined thereabout, spikes at their centers with broad slight portions of candle impaled upon each.  Curiosity draws her attention to an open volume.  Are they symbols or words? Even the strangest of Grandpa's apothecaries has not the like to behold.  Uh-oh!  Something near at hand just moved; her attention flashes upward.
An owl is perched atop the candle holder just above her; it couldn't have been there a moment before.  The noble fowl nearly close enough to touch, turns its head to greet her.  They quietly stare into each other's eyes.  Wow! is that a beautiful thing.  Though the bird is bluish gray in color with flecks of orange and beige assigned to each feather, it appears almost golden and iridescent in the soft reflected light.  Every tiny feather knowing exactly where it belongs, precisely arranged, not a ruffle nor plume out of place.  No tailor could hope to make a coat so well fitted to his customer.  And those powerful talons which so firmly grasp the metal fixture, is this a friendly petting owl, or a guard owl?  "What an exquisite creature you are," she manages quietly.
"Who... Who-Whooo!" The owl acknowledges cleverly. 
To which she replies softly, "Leona, if you must know.  I hope you won't tell."  Being caught spying, even as it were by the family pet, she concedes, it's past time to get out of Dodge.  "It has been a pleasure to make your acquaintance.  I hope you'll forgive my intrusion."  She nods respectfully and turns back toward the sliding doors.  "Ohhh shit!"
The doorway is no longer there.  It seems things both animate and otherwise simply come and go as they wish around here.  Assuming her escapade discovered she cautiously scans the room for impending disaster.  All is just as it should be except there is no exit; the room is sealed.  This is... Hummm, I know... I came through a door, right there! Crap! I've been caught, but how does this work?  Confident in her sense of direction she carefully examines the wall panels and adjacent bookcases, but everything is solid and unforgiving.
Her attention returns to the owl.  "Come on now," she whispers, "I would not have thought a splendid creature such as you the sort to hold a grudge."  She turns back toward the missing doorway. "Okay, I'm sorry, I give up!  I didn't touch anything... honest."  What is going on here?  Her attention returns once again to her new feathered acquaintance.  "Could we possibly negotiate here?  I don't have a mouse or anything handy at the moment, but I could owe you... say, a burger," she shrugs her shoulders slightly, "okay, a mouse maybe."
In the spell room, Sanaia watches Leona; she's amused at the conversation.
Marwyn intercedes, "Don't scare her off."
"I assure you that is not her state of mind.  She has taken the position, and rightly so, that your pet is somehow involved, an accomplice.  It's a good sign, for in our world as you know, those who dismiss such possibilities are fools.  We are grooming a queen here, are we not?  Her first lesson is to be more cautious than curious.  If she learns only that it will serve her well.  Besides, she started it.  Do you really know her, sir," Sanaia questions, "have you looked at all beyond the Cleric's pronouncement?  I have inquired of her studies and visited her dwelling place; do you wish to know?"  Marwyn nods somewhat reluctantly, fully aware Sanaia would not have raised the issue but for caution.  "In our world a maiden hardly need know anything aside of keeping her skirt down.  On the other hand, this young woman has been educated continuously for over fourteen years.  I would judge her knowledge of alchemy the equal if not superior to anyone within our world.  She maintains an arduous schedule of physical activities, most dealing with balance and hand to eye coordination.  Among them, a style of precision sword play akin to dancing, using not blades but far reaching daggers, something the realm has never seen.  I have also examined her personal library.  How many of here age, male or female read anything aside of text messages let alone possess a personal library?  She is studying military logistics, command philosophy, historical attack and defense strategies.  Why?  These are the treatises of conquerors not queens nor alchemists.  And her favorite pet is her horse, she can ride.  Someone is planting seeds and 'tis not turnips they intend to harvest.  She surrounds herself with all manner of polished silica lead crystals, though they seem harmless enough, I have my doubts."
Back in the library, Leona continues to plead her case.  "You'll have to trust me on this; I just need a little credit, really.  I won't let you down."
The owl's head turns slightly.  "Who-Whooo!" Leona looks in the direction of the bird's gaze.  A dimly-lit corridor now exists where there was none before.  It's long, perhaps sixty feet with only the slightest hint of light at the end to guide the way.  She knows it's not the way she entered, but other than smashing her way through a window it appears the only viable exit.  "Thank you!"  She doesn't care to add destruction of property to her rap sheet just yet.  Thus, she concedes and enters the darkened corridor.
The passage takes her to a room, virtually a mirror image of the last, but for the contents. Here as well, the corridor from which she has just entered is the only exit.
A life-sized sculpture of once polished stone takes center stage here; like the reading stand it has seen better days, much better days in fact.  The color is amber with tones of dark brown and veins of pearlescent pink.  Two armed males and one armed female are depicted; they are back to back in a last stand defense posture.
The owl soon follows, gliding through the dark passage near the floor.  Throwing its wings out and its head back it rising nearly straight upward on pure momentum to perch atop the female's shoulder.  The underside of it's wings are the purest white she has ever seen.  To observe such a maneuver on a bright moon lit night one would surely imagine they had encountered a banshee.  
Leona has come upon an armory of ancient weapons; it seems she's stepped into the Smithsonian's basement.  Some are polished and obviously so sharp they need hardly be touched to draw blood.  Others are scarred, the blades nicked, the metal pitted; patina's acquired at great expense to both their owners and victims.  Some are rendered useless, broken; the leather and bone worn and cracked, but none are dirty or rusted.  Helmets so old as to predate biblical history and shields, exquisite works so mutilated they are no longer more than memories.  Full suits of armor, customarily the centerpiece of most such gatherings, are totally absent here.  On the opposite note however, are the unique longbows.  Fashioned of successively shorter iron leaves secured with bands of bronze or silver, they are not unlike a narrow carriage spring.  A hundred kilos at least required to bend such a weapon to one's will.
The collection is not arranged according to artistic merit.  Both the exotic and the practical, all clothed of equal status, none seem to be held higher by heroic deed or noble association.  And rightly so, as the deeds of men at war are seldom obligated to an orderly intent.
As was the library, this room is a keeper of history, an archive.  These are the tools of blood letting, but to what purpose?  Who were they, defenders, invaders, or the foulest assassin?  There is energy about too, so much so that it can be felt.  A plausible presence, ghosts one could suppose, but are they the perpetrators or an accumulation of his victims.  She has forgotten the owl entirely, the library with its stoic guardians and ancient words--even the reason she ventured down the dark corridor toward this light.  The thought farthest from her mind is to leave.  So then, of what use is a door anyway?  But now as always, as every dream must end, reality comes with a soft inquiring tone.  Though she half expects this adventure to end with the sound of her alarm clock because it has to be a dream, it does not.
"There you are!"  Leona flinches, startled by Beth's familiar voice.  She is peaking through the long misplaced sliding doors.
"The door!"
"Right, what about it?"
"Just be sure you don't close those doors... okay."
"Sure! What ya up to?"  Beth enters accompanied by her never-fading, ever-radiant, little smile of curiosity.  "Whoa!  He's as weird as Art."
"No... Beth, these are real.  If Art sees this we'll have to call 911.  And I doubt he would ever be able to face all that junk he's gathered again."  Leona carefully runs her finger along the flat side of a blade, hesitating for a moment at each of several nicks and indents.  "They have souls.  These dents are their memories, their nightmares.  They are slaves who were forced to do terrible things and they know it."  Beth winces; the heavy philosophy is not typical of Leona.
"This is a private place," Leona continues, "I shouldn't have come in here.  We need to leave.  That is... if I haven't lost my way back again."
"Hey! Is that a bird?"  Beth squeaks.  Leona spins around.  Her feathered antagonist is still perched upon the shoulder of the statue's female defender.  She expected it would have disappeared at the sound of Beth's voice, but apparently it is real.  The owl cocks its head as though Beth's inquiry was an insult.
"Yes!" Marwyn's voice replies.  "His name is Ulik."
That sort of sick feeling one gets at having been caught red-handed begins to rise in Leona's stomach.  She's thankful at least that being nosy is not considered a capital offense.  Now she must prepare to be thoroughly embarrassed and duly humbled.  Creditability is a terrible thing to lose, especially with her best friends present.  Whatever! Even if it means banishment, the trip was worth it, the game couldn't possibly be as enlightening as her recent adventure.
She takes the initiative, "I'm so sorry... I'm such a nosy person."
"My pleasure to tempt you," Marwyn assures.
"You're kind.  Would I be pushing my luck--could I ask a question?"
"My knowledge of these implements is at your disposal."  Beth, not being in Marwyn's line of sight looks to Leona with that special smile implying, "I think he likes you."  Appropriately, Leona shifts to basic maidenly vocabulary.
"Chivalry! I'm honored sir, and so I shall ask two.  I see not a suit of armor?"
"These were the weapons of commoners as they say, not nobles.  In fact, it was considered disrespectful to hide in such a way from your opponent.  Armor was considered the mark of a coward, an indication one could not defend himself; and it makes it difficult to run, too.  A very important part of defense strategy, besides a good crossbowman would make a porcupine of the fellow.  Far better to take your chances and allow a bolt go all the way through than stop at the half, anchored by the armor."
Beth's expression takes on a morbid frown at such gruesome thoughts.
"Sounds like you've been there," Leona implies jokingly.
"Most activity of this sort" Marwyn assures, "was concluded before my time.  That is, I'm sure we've all had relatives who've used devices akin to these in the past."
Thus enlightened, Leona lowers her eyes with an affirmative nod.  A silent moment passes while she considers whether there's enough room to put the other foot in her mouth, too.  What the hell, she's got to know.  "The iron longbows, I've never even seen a reference to weapons of this design.  Where are they from?"
"Cereta, a city which no longer exists, at least by that name.  Do you shoot?"
"My dear grandmother was a competition archer," Leona chirps with pride.  "You know how parents make their children practice piano.  Like, they know you would rather play with your friends, but someday you'll thank them.  Well... my piano had only one string.  The musical version would have proved a more useful talent these days."
"There may be other days; perhaps we shall put you to the test. The other players are waiting.  We should begin the game."  Marwyn and Beth cross the foyer back into the game room.  Leona hesitates for a moment to reassure herself of the room's relative position.  There is only one set of sliding doors--how could they lead to two different places?  Glancing back into the armory she notes the corridor from which she had entered is no longer there.  Her attention focuses toward the owl.  Ulik's head turns to face her.  "How clever you are."
"Who... Who-Whooo!" the bird replies.  She blows a kiss toward the owl with a smile then follows the others into the game room.
Leona catches up to Marwyn, conceding in a quiet humble tone.  "Your courtesy was more than I deserved.  Thank you."
"There is no room of my house" he assures, "where milady would be a trespasser."
Leona responds to his Chivalry with a gracious nod.
The couples take their seats around the model; Beth and Leona sit adjacent to one another, naturally.  Leona leans to Beth's ear and whispers.  "Hey!  Keep your eyes open, there's something not quite right about this set up."  Beth returns her customary anti-paranoia frown.  "I'm telling ya, this is the Twilight Zone."
Sanaia now visits the tables inserting seemingly identical candles into each of the empty holders.  The waves of light seamlessly reflected from her beguiling satin posterior have completely seduced the lads.  She walks slowly, but with long strides.  The slit design of her gown allows her thigh play a seductive game of hid and seek with the gentlemen, if indeed that be their state of mind.  Even Beth is impressed though never would she admit it.  And, lest we forget, is not the task of every sorceress to beguile her victims.
With all the preparations now in place Marwyn addresses his guests.  "Good evening warriors, sorcerers and fair maidens of Atlanta.  Shall we begin?  You have gathered here to participate in a game of fantasy for which you will be paid.  My assistant has provided each of you with a candle, some a blend of fragrances to suit your particular interests in life.  Those of you who agree to this proposition... please... light your candle now."
All but one, the well-healed female with the Rolex, accommodates his request.  Without hesitation or duress all but she have bound themselves--perhaps unknowingly, but nonetheless willingly--to this evening's adventure.
She alone quietly recants to her escort.  "A blend of fragrances?  Come on, this is getting corny.  Aren't we above this sort of crap?"
"Hey, it's Friday, right?" her escort consoles.  "The alternative is another all nighter making the rounds at Bo-Ho's.  That herd is getting old; you know... it's the same politics and whining bullshit every week, just deeper.  The best they seem capable of are a few new blonde jokes."
Sanaia has detected the girl's resistance to join the plot.  Each player must willingly light their own candle.  Though their participation is critical, a reluctant player may only be enticed, never coerced.  The Sorceress has the insight to know the girl is a closet chocolate freak; and so is on the scene immediately with a sample box of Godiva chocolates.  "I have a feeling you'll like these," Sanaia assures with a smile.
"Well... isn't this nice? Thank you," the reluctant yuppie mutters quietly.  Sanaia humbly departs.
"Babe you've just been schmoozed, may as well light it up cause she's got your number and you know it.  Come on, might be fun to conquer the shit out of these farmers.  Besides, this place is cool; I want to find out who's holding this guy's mortgage."  With a sarcastic frown and a quiet moan she strikes the match, touching it to the wick, and so relents, joining this evening's conspiracy.  In the case of four of those present a blending shall occur, the creation of a hybrid.  A dubious mixture of those who have come for the evening's entertainment entwined with qualities until now restrained within the candle's spices.  Personalities cautiously extracted from the dregs of the realm itself, concealed with exotic perfumes, tempered, and held captive within the wax.  All have lent themselves as pawns to be expended in this affair, the covert certification of an heir-apparent to the House of Durer.
Sanaia approaches the podium.  "Marwyn of Cereta, advocate of the realm, your subjects are bound.  Shall I set your devices in motion?"  Marwyn nods affirmatively.  Sanaia smiles as her finger ignites the candle sitting on Marwyn's podium.  More than paraffin is being consumed by this flame as the light therefrom is not the familiar orange glow one expects, but a very bright distinct yellow.  The same tone of flame that had topped the gate posts at the driveway.  By that same touch those ominous flames have now been extinguished.
Thus, Marwyn proclaims, "I am orator, advocate, and master of this game; henceforth 'tis my vision shall be clear.  Reality... be gone from this coven for there is no longer need of thee here.  Listen well and heed my words; this is not the endeavor of chance you may have suspected, but rather one of wit and courage.  I caution you now, always seek the way home or be forever lost in this apparition.  For some this shall be an aphrodisiac, an opiate of bliss.  For others, trials of torment, more of doubt, and thus, the sooner to dismiss.  The ascending order of six white dice shall determine the weapons, spells, potions and estates at your command.  The descending order of six black dice, the extent of obligations, injuries, torments, and misfortune yet upon your back to land.  The turn of a coin shall say you remain a pair or set each upon their separate way.  Those so cast adrift their own soul to search while this charade to play."
As Marwyn speaks the yuppie fellow slowly morphs into the Noble;  a richly-dressed individual replete with an air of arrogant appropriate for those thus empowered.  His champagne glass changed now to a silver chalice in the grip of a ring encrusted hand.  Sanaia offers him two ivory cups of dice that fate may entwine his future.  Viewing then with disdain he casts them aside with a careless flick of the wrist as it were hardly of concern to one so privileged.  Arrogance is like a deep, hidden cesspool, patiently awaiting those of such temperament to step in and drown in the stench.  He is lord and master now, whom none shall defy; for the power of life and death rests in his hands and those who resist will surely die.
A wooden tray worn by the ages is offered next, a further burden to His Lordship's schedule of entertainments.  Thereupon the sorceress's deck of cards.  With scythe in hand and pensive smile upon his fleshless face the grim reaper peers out from the back of her cards.  Sanaia arrays them in a semicircle with a wave of her hand. 
The Noble challenges, "You dare to annoy me once more?  Can you not see how valuable is my time, the power I wield?  You will be summoned if and when I'm ready.  Take them away."
"Fate calls but once, milord." the Sorceress decrees sternly.  "And he insists; you will choose now or not at all."  The Noble fixes an intense gaze upon the sorceress, as much to curse as warn.  Never for a moment do his eyes stray toward the tray as he selects a card, casting it aside without a glance.  Though the players remain steadfast with each other and the model, the room's decor begins to rotate slowly.  So subtle one could mistake the illusion for the play of a candle's flickering light.
 "Every player," Marwyn continues, "including those predisposed as the cards may dictate shall enter the realm at a random location and acquire the resources thereof to secure their fate.  This, plus one coin of gold to each for their safekeeping that none unduly starve, hence, a thief to bate.  Whatever secrets you hold dear go with you now in kind.  Each of you shall remember the truths you've learned that forever may they bind.  Though hidden there deep behind your brow, that never will you know the why... the when... the where... nor how."  
  At this the yuppie female morphs into a royal Consort, an overdressed hairdo with maximum ornamentation.  Her designer duds are now layer upon layer of intricate white lace decorated as a Christmas tree with tiny sparkling sequins.  Her attention lost to the tedious business at hand as she wields a fly swatter of silver and silk.  Thus, beating the goop out of some unfortunate insect that has crossed her path.  "How wonderful," Sanaia comments, "the work you do for the benefit of humanity.  But the time is nigh, thus, it must be done that you cast your fate unto the winds."  His Lordship's consort lines all the dice up in a row, flicking them one at a time with the tip of her finger.  As might a child at play she grins as they tumble away.
Sanaia now presents her tray of final destinies.  Thereupon alights an uninvited guest, some foolhardy fly, or perhaps one with a mission milady's good character to test.  Patiently the insect waits, prancing about, teasing His Lordship's mistress.  Her focus narrows, the deed is done, she takes the bait; smashing it and thus, allows an insect decide her fate.  She picks up the card to observe her workmanship with a smile.  "Got the little bastard," she muses.  "There are far too many bugs in this world."
The sorceress smiles too, "No doubt!"
Her royal personship looks at the card and frowns, it seems her victim sacrificed itself to secure a vengeful choice.  She turns to her benefactor for consolation.  "Sweetie, I want to try again; buy me another one," she pouts.
Sanaia is quick to advise, "But why?  This is such a good choice; no need to risk any worse.  I think you've both done well, though some might think of it a curse."  With that her tray is whisked away, for yet there are others awaiting their fate to tell.  The pace of the room's decor is accelerating, beginning to dissolve in fact.
Marwyn's oratory proceeds.  "What path destiny, what trick the hand of fate, what future be it lavish or deadly lies for thee in wait.  Expect to encounter local folk of every kind you may imagine.  Form any alliance that suits your cause.  You may enslave or subvert friend or foe alike.  In this game mayhem rules the day, demons and sorcery most surely plague the night."
As Marwyn defines the participant's world a Jester emerges from where the punk lad sat.  A silly buffoon gleefully attired in bright colors with tiny silver bells attached all about his person.  He juggles the dice, then flings his hands aside, allowing them drop as though too hot to hold.  Sanaia presents her tray with a curtsy.  Stirring the cards around a bit, he places his choice between the palms of his hands.  Then sliding them aside it seems the card has vanished.  With a flick of his wrist he retrieves it from under his hat.  The sorceress offers a delighted smile in response to the young man's flirtatious alter ego not to mention his apparent understanding of what is going on and who is pulling the strings.  As Jesters do, he sings her a poetic verse, or perchance a prayer.  For the coin has parted the ways of this couple.  And though appearance would not betray his deep concern, the thought his timid young lady must go alone into this strange world has moved him to despair.
"A tisket, a tasket... a telling card from your basket, I will sing and dance for thee... please treat my lady well.  She is a creature wounded, I cannot the truth to tell, but I will bleed and die for thee, if as I implore... you treat my lady well."
"You have more than pleased me, sir," replies Sanaia; "and so this I may tell.  Be not concerned, for indeed your sweet maiden will fare safe and well."
A slight fluttering has come to the sound of Marwyn's voice; overtones of an echo might be discerned by a cautious ear.  "Weigh carefully the words of others; false prophets abound and need not a reason to lie.  Respect the wisdom of children; for it is of an innocent nature as most have not yet learned to lie.  Barter or wager as you wish any resource at any time, but heed the laws of Karife, though some you may need to remind.  Fraud, deception, and the charlatan are honorable professions in this land.  Banker, lender, and thief the same vocation; as all go hand in hand."
The timid mousy little girl with spiked pink hair melts into a carefree, provocatively attired, but somewhat ruffled Harlot.  She cups the dice in her hands and takes a deep breath, then exhales ever so slowly into their hiding place.  Sanaia gives her a sly glance, and the dice are left to fall away.  Thus, her die is cast.  The Harlot kisses the tip of her finger and blows the kiss to Sanaia.  She selects a card, hiding it within her bosom with a playful smile.  And now, being she and her mate are of one mind, she sings her song as well.
"Come visit my loft and I'll make us a pudding of rum, apples, and plumb.  We can tell each other our secrets there, about the lads who when the sun comes nigh, off they always run.  Can you tell me why?  So bold they were the night before, but now so awfully shy.  Like bats they are, so frightened when the light once more fills the sky.  They like to play and I wish they'd stay, but no.  Please... can you tell me why?"
"Your new friend will not hide from thee," Sanaia consoles, "when the new light of day appears.  But rather bid you come into the sun that both of you may play."  The Jester's plea, the Harlot's song, two sincere young lovers; for a brief moment upon their separate ways they now have gone.
The background's rotation continues to accelerate and the room darkens as Marwyn proceeds, defining the game's restraints, or rather a lack thereof.  "In a world of fantasies mark you well; for pain and pleasure are the same sensation, love and hate the same emotion, gold and sand the same element, fire and water the same potion.  Virtue wins no treasure here, patience no accord, loyalty a sign of weakness and brutal strength yields no reward."  His words take on an echo as though spoken from within some deep cavern.  A breeze begins to ruffle the guests' hair.
The macho redneck is transforming into the Tax Man, an overbearing rogue unceremoniously devouring a roast chicken.  His aluminum drink can has become a large, empty, ceramic tankard.  Hesitant to return his snack to its roost--a scorched, greasy wooden plate--he fumbles to control all the dice within a single slippery hand.  Two escape, as crickets might spring free of a child's curious restraint.  Thus, overwhelmed by the complexity of his dilemma.  He commands those remaining tumble away carelessly with an annoyed grunt, seemingly more concerned of his fowl than his fate.
The dice dispensed, Sanaia offers her tray of endless choices with cards arrayed thereabout, a further distraction to his repast, but appropriate and necessary without a doubt.  My word, is there no end of this woman's tormenting me?  He wonders, taking hold of his empty tankard and raising it forth.  "Have you not a pitcher of ale, woman?  What use are cards if there be none about to wager?  I need drink."  
"Yes, milord, I shall fill you a cup full to the brim; but first choose your fate that our game of truth and dare may begin."
The Tax Man snatches a card from her offerings.  Reading it, he winces, frowns, and flings it back upon her tray again.  Then he attempts the unpardonable, impudently reaching for another.  The sorceress's response is quick, tapping lightly the back of his hand as to say "no" with but her fingertip.  Startled, our brazen Tax Man recoils from her touch, his mirth painfully sobered by a frightful sting.  A prick not unlike having a red hot spike driven through his palm.  The delightful relationship with his defeathered fowl is now willingly abandoned for a better cause, the urgent need to comfort his seething paw.  The smart of it abates within a few heartbeats, but the memory shall linger for some time to come.
Now with the selfsame compelling finger Sanaia slides his first selection to the edge of the tray.  "Only one per customer, milord," she reminds.  Her stern expression leaves no doubt he has made his choice and shall accept the consequences of it.  Her finger impatiently taps the back of the card he'd chosen.  Knowing this not to be a contest of strength he humbly reconsiders, being very careful to avoid that wicked digit.  
The turn of the coin has separated him from his mate and 'tis well in his favor it has.  No matter how foul this lout may come to be, he would fare poorly were it not so.
A frothing tankard of ale has come magically to view.  Thus, Sanaia graciously serves it up as promised to her rowdy patron.
The pitfalls of this evening's adventure continue to echo, each word from a different direction now.  The intensity of the breeze is picking up.  One might imagine the furniture soon on its way to other places, though not a single player sees any need to express concern.  Marwyn's voice rises above the howling storm whirling about the room. "Keep your sword sharp and ready, your wits about you even as you sleep, your purse strings tightly bound and your spirit close at hand.  Lose any one of these, and you've lost them all in this imaginary land."
The redneck's lady morphs slowly into a withered Witch, sly and contemptuous her smile.  The dice drop through long bony fingers in slow motion.  They stop dead upon the table's surface without recoil, each accompanied by the distant echoing sound of a heavy door firmly slamming shut.  A hand with many rings of skulls and other evil things comes forth to choose a card.  She raises it to view as her eyes begin to glow.  A tiny demon appears upon her shoulder, its head small and pointed like a snake weaves to and fro.  She speaks in a whisper; each word ends with a hissing crackle.
"Why do you torment an old hag so?  Have you no pity?"
"Rueshaba, you're lot in life is not my doing," Sanaia replies quietly.  "I am here to another task and you have come unfortunately into it.  Neither I nor our host has bid you come to this place and you know it.  Why pretend otherwise?"
"You know my name, my real name, don't you?  Why dishonor me with this Rueshaba farce?  Call me... invoke my proper name; summon me to your side.  I will come to you; I will serve you... only you."
"I may not.  The law has avowed none may address you by any name but Rueshaba.  Were I to call you forth indeed I would be served--served as others before me, served upon a steaming platter for your dinner."
"And were I more than a candle's flame just now," The Witch threatens, "I would rend you both to flavor my broth.  You would end not a slave, but a foul-smelling juice to keep company with the slime in my feeding trough."
"Vex me not," Sanaia warns, "or I shall melt your candle with honey and clove in a silver pot and set it into a hive of yellow jacks.
Those little demons would do you right; they would gnaw on that treat for many a long day.  You've only been allowed from under your rock to add a drop of venom and the stench of carrion to our gathering.  The chains that bind you here are not mine.  You know I have not the ways.  Thus, bound you must be by another who fears you not.  The rewards of blasphemy are known to thee; cast your threats to him who has placed the seals upon your tomb."
"The day will come, dear," Rueshaba threatens.  "I like what you've done, too bad these smitten lads can not see the real you.  Do I get to choose a card?"
"No need, your fate has long since been sealed and these cards can not change that."
While Sanaia's been dealing with the shadows of demons and morons, Beth has been trying to make sense of the rules manual.  When she has to read she wears glasses.  But, as not to miss anything, she places the bridge way out on the tip of her nose so she might peek over the top.  Handily, the end of her nose is turned up a bit and thus, well suited to that function.  Totally oblivious however to her hair, blowing this way and that most violently, at times completely blocking her view.  The fabric of her skimpy outfit flutters and ripples as though about to take flight, clinging in fact to her petite frame for dear life.  She rolls the dice one at a time, observing each with some little measure of glee or disdain as though she understood the consequence.  She glances toward Hale, in conference with Art at the moment, then shyly to Sanaia begging some hint of the evolving number's meaning.  Not but a smile Sanaia's reply; she's not telling what, or where, or why.  It's a tough haul for slave girls these days; no one seems to care.  The ancient tray of dreams is presented forthwith.  Beth eyes the cards, searching for some tell-tale sign of good fortune; none are to be found.  For Beth's personal amusement and to still her obvious concerns, The grim reaper originally present there upon is now a bunny.
"The moment of truth," she declares, turning again to Hale for support.  This time, he's deep in concentration as to which of several fancy hors d'oeuvres he should sample next.  She frowns and rewards his inattentiveness with a love tap.  "Will you stop already?  This is not a pie-eating contest.  My future's in the balance here; I need a winner."  Leona chuckles at Beth's vain attempt to embarrass him, but Hale's completely shameless when food is involved.  "There are important decisions to be made," Beth demands.  Then, as has become a favorite ploy, she delegates her future to his discretion.  That way, if something goes wrong, she can always say it was his fault and require him to fix it.  "Well!  Pick a winner for me," she demands.  Hale's fast, but Sanaia is lightning quick.  She gently but firmly intercepts his hand before he can touch a card.  His effort is honest enough.  Thus, is he spared the painful reward earned by the Tax Man's arrogance.
"I am sorry; milady," Sanaia reminds softly, "but only you may choose your card."
"Oh... Okay!" Beth ponders a moment more then dainty as any southern belle chooses her fate.  The cards are again shuffled and arrange for Hale.  Beth inquires, "Is it okay if I show him mine?"
   Of the elements available to chance, this one must be set according to plan.  "Yes," Sanaia replies.  "The coin's turn has cast you two together!"
A glowing smile appears on Beth's face at the mention of together.  "And... can I see his, too?"
"Yes, you may!"
Beth's open palm with her card held between two fingers is presented forthwith.  Hale takes it and for a moment pretends to avoid his obligation to do as well.  She cocks her head slightly, as a snake would coil before the attack, then swipes his stash of treats as a gentle reminder of his implied liability.
"Hey!"  Hale surrenders the goods immediately, handing Beth his card and retrieving the ransom.  They are forever at play in this way.  Isn't love wonderful?  Hale and Beth collectively take on the appearance of a merchant couple.  Not too fancy, not too plain, nor too rich, nor poor, but just right to play at this fun little game.
To be sure the toss has declared Art and Leona a pair, even as he must be forfeit if she were to claim the seals of Durer.  How their relationship weathers the trials to come will answer inquiries now before the court.  Whereas Leona has spent her time reading the leather-bound assemblage of rules, Art's been making notes about the model's design.  Something on this order would be perfect to promote his 'Gatherings' project.  He doesn't seem concerned that it would cost forty grand, take six months to construct and require a semi to transport, he's confident he'll figure it out.
Though he cares not to let it be known, intimidated is the least that could be said of Art's present state of mind.  No tournaments or anything else out there match this level of style or preparation.  Other events he, and at times Leona have attended were always well documented in advance.  Thus, players may count on certain levels of expertise and accepted standards of offensive and defensive procedures.  In time, the tricks and traps of each become known, and the fields of battle well defined.  Research is the key; who has done what, where, and how?  He likes to play, but not in the blind.  As the rules and structure of this challenge have never been published.  It could present an embarrassing dilemma.  The beguiling sorceress patiently attends Sir Art, awaiting his choice of tickets to oblivion.  His concentration has floundered, seemingly perplexed at the choice of a card.  Meanwhile, the room's background has dissolved into a dark whirlpool of contorted shapes and glimmering blurs.  Yet not a candle's flame flickers nor a card from Sanaia's tray dare be disturbed.
Leona can see he's stalled so she does a Beth to pop him out of the trance.  "Art!  You can't choose her!  You're stuck with me tonight, dude, so just take a card."  Embarrassed at her implication, he responds immediately, knowing the quicker the better to dismiss her comment.
Lastly, Marwyn's unsuspecting guest of honor must tempt the hand of fate.  "Milady, for your consideration," Sanaia coos respectfully.  Leona casts the two sets of dice and chooses with neither fanfare nor concern.  It's just a game after all and the most one may expect to do is deal with it as intelligently as possible.  The moment she has chosen all the remaining cards are whisked away into the turmoil which attends the room.
"Thank you!" Leona responds.
"A pleasure to serve, milady."  With that the sorceress bows cordially, then stepping backward fades into the blur of what was once the game room.
Art and Leona have morphed into gypsies--colorful but cautious vagabonds of the road, venders of whatever may be concocted of nothing and sold or bartered for value.  Wheelers, dealers and tellers of fortune, though none of it need be true so long as they keep moving.  Art now has a thin dark mustache and Leona is enjoying a new toy, too, playfully twirling her long, curly, coal black hair about her trigger finger.
All the guests now set about dressed as to be off for a masquerade ball, yet none have taken exception of anything the least bit strange.  Marwyn concludes his presentation.  "These truths now declared be upon your way; for of the realm a city you may rule some day.  I would know the temper and flex your mettle may endure.  Thus, into the forge's seething flames with you Milady of Durer.

Chapter-4

EXCUSE ME SIR! CAN YOU SAY, 
IS THIS PARADISE OR PURGATORY WHERE I PLAY?

Marwyn casually waves his arms outward and his hands aside as a master of ceremonies would welcome a guest.  The hilt of a fine long sword has come into his palm.  He brings the weapon around and downward in front of him, weaving an artistic graceful pattern into the air.  But now, the design is a bit more erratic, the grip not so firm or sure.  The blade no longer a steady menacing extension of a powerful arm.  This domineering weapon is no longer commanded by the hand of Marwyn of Cereta; his image has faded.
'Tis Sir Art of Atlanta that wields it now, dancing about in an aggressive mock combat.  The confines of the candle-lit game room have dissolved into a tranquil fog-shrouded meadow.  The surrounding countryside still hidden in the early morning mist.  A pale orange glow upon the horizon does its best to light a new day.  Were there a calendar to be found it would announce the arrival of August somewhere in the mid-thirteenth century.
Reality, fantasy, how fine the plane that separates.  One merely has to close his eyes and look over his shoulder to find the other.  Know it or not, each night everyone ventures to the realm of illusions when the conscious state willingly surrenders to play at dreams, or so most dare to think.  Have you never wondered why 'tis so oft you wake with not the slightest hint of where you've been or what you've done?  Were they dreams or could you have been a player in some fantasy's game?  Can't remember?  Pity!  Might your memories have been hidden away as those of Leona's adventure shall be?  Those memories so fierce and strange, forever lost, so as not to risk insanity.  And what of those consigned, as physicians oft' excuse, to an unexplained coma?  In truth they may be prisoners of a game, you see.  One from which they have failed to escape, or chosen yet there to be.  So at least, not as we, disturbed by the constant annoyance of reality.
Art jabs and parries at the air to his own accompaniment of subdued Kung-Fu orchestrations.  He twirls about to defend his back and in so doing loses his grip on the hilt.  "Oops!"  Away it goes, conquered by the evil Knight Sir Momentum and his trusty squire gravity.  Gliding off as it were to find more reliable support in the earth.  He's quick to the rescue as minor logistical errors of this nature are better kept to oneself.  Art, you understand is not the athletic type, his idea of pumping iron is carrying two bags of groceries at the same time.  In his estimation, cleverness of thought is the equal of any rogue's muscles.  And after all, this is a virtual environment.  But then, how is that weapon so easily slipped from his grasp?  
Leona, however, is more concerned with the practical aspects of their new adventure, like breakfast.  So as she sorts through their inheritance for something eatable, Art plays with her sword--her sword mind you.  "This is so fine," he purrs.  "I can't believe you got this."  Oh man, this is what I need.  Calling out to Leona again, "you know this is going to be too heavy for you.  I mean, you're not going to be able to handle it, not effectively.  We should trade you know; it only makes sense."
Leona silently concedes to his logic.  If there were a head-on contest, the weight of it would be her greatest enemy.  But Art, having shown his hand, has provided her a handy bargaining chip.  So much for the cleverness of thought superiority theory.
Thinking he hears a reply to his proposition, Art turns around in her direction.  Leona, totally helpless, is being dragged out of the mist into view.   Huge greenish trolls, completely enshrouded with heavy armor have hold of her from either side.  They are accompanied by several more of their kind in various sizes, but mostly larger, on either flank.  And even more sinister silhouettes slowly advance from the distant haze, some mounted upon hellish beasts.  All are carrying monstrous weapons of every devious design and they are all coming his way.  Totally stunned, his eyes are as wide as his forehead will permit and a terrible foreboding crawls up the back of his neck.  He finds himself paralyzed; his arms fall limp, barely able to keep hold of his wondrous new toy.  The blade again seeks the firmer earth at his feet for support.
Leona calls out in desperation for his help.  "Bullshit! Go find the horses," she demands.  With the sound of her voice the menacing band of monsters dissipates.  All that remains are the rustling silhouettes of trees eerily projected through the mist by the rising sun.  In his entire existence he has never felt such a relief.  The breeze offers a chill to one suddenly saturated with perspiration, but a refreshing one nonetheless.  His attention remains absolutely focused on those harmless dark shapes off in the distance.  His hand is still shaking; it seemed so real.  A good stiff cappuccino would be great right now.
Their kingdom is a horseless gypsy-style covered wagon.  All manor of junk, that is--trade goods and priceless artifacts dangle precariously thereabout.  At the moment they are stranded in a meadow about two hundred feet from a future super-highway.  Two shallow parallel ruts with a sprinkling of broken stone are the only sign of civilization.  Beyond the road the landscape drops away quickly toward a wide stream, a dense forest rises at the far bank.  The meadow, awash with blue cornflowers and the Queen Ann's lace, rises slowly behind the wagon.  Several hundred feet further it fades into what may have been a hillside orchard as the trees appear to be in rows.  Leona emerges from the rear of their mobile home cradling a burlap bag and a large wooden spoon.  "Beans, I think," she conveys with a smile.
"That's it!  For breakfast?"  She retrieves a bundle of garlic bulbs and another of dried red peppers from the side of the wagon, holding them out to Art with a smirk.  "Fart seeds with flaming vampire repellent!  That will do wonders for our social life.  Is there a refrigerator?"  Leona responds with a negative shake of her head.  "Coffee?"
"Art! We're here to play this game, right?  So don't ask dumb questions.  Go find the horses."
"What horses?"
"You need to learn how to read the signs."  Pointing toward their humble abode, she informs, "That's a horse-drawn wagon, right?  We are in the middle of nowhere.  How did it get here?"
"Magic?"
Again pointing her finger, "What about that pile of lumpy brown stuff there with all the buzzing activity?"
"I noticed that.  By the way, is there a bathroom in there?"  Again Leona shakes her head no.  "Any toilet paper?"   "I'll check it out... while you find the horses."
"You know, first thing we need to work out is a defense strategy.  Holes with pungee stakes and trip wires with alarms.  Do we have any bells, do you think, or wire?" 
"Okay!  Why fortify a position we cannot defend, in a place where we are not going to stay?"
"Well... humm, you know I--"
"You want to sleep under this wagon tonight, right?  Like, you prefer the spiders and mice to me... is that correct?"
"Come to think of it, hey... you know what else?  Are we broke?  Is there any money?"
"I get the idea we are supposed to be gypsies.  So... the money is all that stuff hanging from the sides of the wagon; think traveling salesmen.  Which brings us back to the matter of, how do we travel without horses?   You see now, how it all sort of fits together?   No horses, no traveling, no traveling, no selling, no selling, no money, no money!  We eat beans and drink rainwater.  Understand?  So, if you don't like beans go find the horses."  
"You know, if there were bandits or something horses might be handy."
"Good idea!  Tell ya what, bring the horses back and I'll trade you swords, okay?"
"Yes, that works... good deal.  Okay, I'm going to need some rope... I guess.  Did you notice any rope?"
"What am I, your inventory clerk?  There are a lot of leather straps and stuff hanging right there."  Leona points back over her shoulder.  "Sort it out, dude.  Find the money yet?"
"No!  Where?"
"Don't you remember what he said about the gold?"
"No!... Where?
"Too bad we didn't get a piece of that magic gown.
"What magic gown?"
"The one that the gal passing out the cards and candles was wearing.  I'm sure you haven't forgotten.  With a swatch of that we could rule.  Apparently it has the power to make anyone who stares at it for more than two seconds deaf, dumb and blind.  Try the leather bag dangling from your belt; nickel says it's holding our stash."
He takes hold of it.  "Coins!"  Dumping the contents into his palm, two lovely, heavy golden sovereigns emerge.
"Okay then!  We don't have to be eating beans."
"Oh, really, did I miss the grocery store?"  Leona surmises sarcastically.
"What grocery store?"
"The one we need the horses to get to.  Art, this isn't going to be like one of the tournaments; it's going to fly on the run.  A lot of valuable advice was dispensed just before we started.  I get the feeling we need to review before there's a quiz."
Every plot has its plotters and thickeners both.  This one no different than any other.  Thus, why delay?  The plot is in motion, so now let the thickening of it begin.
Were this actually a Regal Game the administrator would not dare to intervene in such matters.  As the master of such noble undertakings must swear under pain of death at the onset to fairly judge one and all.  This enterprise is not so discriminating.  When all is said and done, none will lie in their grave, face the gallows or remain chained in a dungeon wishing for their end.
But this is a test and as one would run the gauntlet, the more severe the more accurate.  Neither is it an offer to free-lancers for their service to some dangerous well-paid task, for there is only one acceptable suitor.  To apply any restraint or show favor may falsely qualify the candidate.  In fact, such err may place her life at risk.  Plot-thickening is usually accomplished with the transfer of coin in the presence of alcohol.  What place better than the wine cellar beneath the game room, or thus it would appear?
Masterly-fitted vaults of dressed stone span two rows of stout pillars that march down the center of the room.  Shallow iron candelabra hang from the center of each.  Foundations of this magnitude are hardly necessary to support a three-story Victorian; but if not, then what manner of structure really stands above?  The chamber is cool and damp with a minimum of light to better suit the permanent tenants--the arachnids, that is, those web building engineers who keep all the other insects from becoming a nuisance.  They guard row upon row of musty barrels and cobweb-covered bottles, their contents patiently waiting to be summoned for dinner.  Caution though, for fantasy is the name of this game.  Conspirators have gathered amidst these aging libations this night.  Short, stout, well-muscled gentlemen these, dressed in the finest tailored suits.  Forty years to each at least, bearded one and all, and just plain ugly.  Commonly known as trolls, or at least the equivalent, and reputed to live beneath bridges.  Some, however, have come up in the world.  This has surely been the good fortune of these three profane, unruly brothers.  Nearly indistinguishable are they aside from one who wears an eye patch and another being just the slightest bit less tall than his brothers.  This because no one possessing of a sound mind, aside from his kin, would refer to him as Shorty.  They are gathered here in a pleasant but cautious mood, mulling the prospect of being over-compensated for a simple, perhaps even enjoyable task.  Lounging around a heavy oak table, or at least those of an untrained eye would think it so.  Each afforded a tankard of aged brew and a dozen gold pieces to toy with.
Marwyn enters; all three rise immediately to greet their host.  "Good day, gentlemen."  They each nod cordially and sit.  "Please be not offended of this charade, it was a package deal."  Marwyn spreads his hands indicating their current surroundings.  "'Tis not an attempt to deceive you lads, I assure."
"A fine cellar you've conjured here," Shorty remarks, as he looks about.
Marwyn points now toward Leona who can be seen sitting opposite Art through an area where the floor of the room above has collapsed into the building's basement.  The opening has been covered with a sagging translucent cloth.  Those above perceive it as the sunken model of the Kingdom where the game is to be played.  Placed as it were to keep any of them from stepping through the hole.  "She is the one I deceive and the one you would seek out."  
The group's designated negotiator, Patch, initiates the inquiry.  "Good looking wench and a handsome sum for a simple task."
"Only if you prevail unharmed," Marwyn warns.
"How could we not?"
"Fate has granted the lad with her what appears to be a unique weapon and the Minnon has accepted it as fact, so I can not tell you what that blade is capable of.  From what I've observed, I dare say he has not the courage to wield it effectively, but he may.  
There are two bindings upon this house.  One is the deception created by Sanaia, which is what you see here, an illusion of reality limited to this space alone.  The second binds only the girl herself within the Minnon's domain where her mind play, seasoned by the others' dispositions becomes as reality. 
Whereas to accomplish my means, you gentlemen being aware of your task shall act as outside contractors and must be bound in a work separate from the other two.  You, as they, will lend your temperament to the Minnon, hence to add the element I desire to her experience.  But, your memories are yours to keep for better or worst."  Marwyn places both hands on the table leaning forward to confront the three rogues.  "Spare not the maiden, she shall have no quarter.  Do as you will.  She must appreciate the gravity of her situation."  The hirelings glance briefly with slight of smile to one another.
"A dream it may be for some," Marwyn cautions, "a nightmare for others, but your task is by design.  Thus, for you three the pains of death would remain a very unpleasant recollection.  You are paid for that risk.  As fate shall have a hand in it I may not guarantee as to the consequence.  If things go awry, it shall be your privilege to act accordingly.  You have no mandate to spare her life if her actions warrant."
Patch looks to his comrades; they each nod approval.  "Agreed!" he declares.  Marwyn nods his acceptance and exits.  The coins are gathered into a leather pouch and the three offer a hearty toast to their now absent benefactor, then another toward the ceiling to their unsuspecting victim.
Marwyn returns to the spell room to monitor the game through Leona's eyes.  Sanaia casts a disapproving glance in his direction.  He knows she is aware of what has just transpired; this is not a lady from whom one may keep secrets.  "Better she is tormented in a dream," Marwyn offers in defense, "than granted a kingdom and lose her head."
"I understand," the sorceress assures.  "The task assigned you is not of a common nature.  Whatever the outcome, I sense the girl would not hold the means against you, though surely, were she ever to know, she may protest."
"I never imagined sponsoring activities of such lofty concern would be my lot.  I am but a player of the games that found concern of their meaning and took my leave.  This may not be her world, but she is safe here.  I cannot warrant to her future in ours and I prefer not to have her blood on my hands.  If she is to go, there shall be no doubt she has earned her passage."
Light of day has all but left the meadow where Sir Art and Lady Leona currently reside.  Most of the time has been spent taking stock of their newly acquired estate.  Clothing, blankets, rice to complement their hefty supply of beans, tea, a cabinet of potions, one finely tooled saddle and several crocks of wine and olive oil form the basics.  The cash-only department includes a few tools, some chain, a fair quantity of leather straps, nails, an assortment of harness-related fittings and a sizable stock of spices.  These likely meant for the blending of snake oils, invigorating potions and cure-alls suitable for the supposed curing of everything from the sniffles to full blown insanity.
Their primary stock of tradables--a great assortment of pots and pans--dangle from every available space about the wagon's exterior.  'Tis a wondrous assembly of odds and ends and every item as practical as a match, though not a single one of those is to be found.  Ah yes!  And a treasure, too; a small wooden box with fancy latches hidden beneath a collapsible bench.  Therein, two silver rings, a necklace fashioned of old coins, several copper hairpins, a collection of river pearls, some seashells and a dozen or so brass buttons.  Nothing to brag about you understand, but a treasure nonetheless.  For who among the country folk of this day and age would not care to possess it?
     This rolling five-and-dime was not meant to sneak up on anybody; in fact, it might be the original mass telemarketing device.  For such a clatter would rise from the wagon's movement along a country lane so as to announce their arrival well an hour in advance.
Art has managed to track down and retrieve one of their horses.  In fact, it found him wondering in the woods and knew better the way home than did he.  Many hugs and kisses his reward, at least thus far, and though based primarily upon his firm declaration to search far and wide for the other come first light.  The consensus being that even on level ground, surely at least two are required to drag this strip mall-on-wheels around.  By stating his willingness to search for the other he's avoided any discussion as to whether Leona had used the singular or plural when the weapon's bargain was proposed.  And she being as clever as any barrister when it comes to saying exactly what she meant.  But once said, though just as sure to stand absolutely behind her word and thereafter impossible to dissuade.  Besides, half a sword would be of little use so she has advanced him credit on the unsecured portion.
Thus, ends a relatively uneventful day without dragons to slay nor a fortress to scale, and much to Art's dismay no real treasure to plunder.  Sanaia's spell has been flawlessly executed thus far for neither subject has detected the obvious, that the other players and the game room are gone.  From Leona's point of view it has been near perfect.  And now, with the sun resting somewhere beyond the horizon, even better.  The night sky is sublime, more intense than any she has ever seen in northern Georgia.  Neither muddled with the restless haze which accompanies civilization nor diminished by reflections of extraneous light.
Crickets, tree toads, whippoorwills play to a choir of katydids as a great symphony without a conductor, seemingly random and still perfectly orchestrated.  An exquisite rendition of silence come to life; each tiny living instrument singing its heart out for no cause less noble than finding a mate.
And so the game's greatest temptation begins to play upon her thoughts.  Why have so many consigned themselves to Purgatory? she reflects quietly.  Crammed into the population hives where the buzzing is enough to drive a bee crazy--transitional zones between here and Hades where happiness is owning things solely for the purpose of telling others you have one, or better yet the latest one.  Tormenting oneself in a place where automobiles are reincarnated as self-propelled boom boxes, their owners akin to religious fanatics?  Sad souls, who feel it is their right, duty and holy mission to spread the word.  Never mind how offensive or distasteful those they have perceived to be uninformed may find it.  A world where there exists no shelter from the constant bombardment that declares "you need one of these."  And the greatest concerns are whether one's cell phone battery will last the day, how many calories are in that $4.00 cup of designer coffee or where can I cop a pill to make it all go away.  She's thankful, that when the need arises in the real world she can at least retreat to her grandparents' farm to find ever so lovely quiet.  And thankful now, to lie contentedly snuggled up in Art's embrace.  Why has all this been hidden until now?
Art concedes, "This isn't exactly what I expected."
"It will do.  But, the first order of business is to find another horse; otherwise we're stuck."  Leona reminds, "First thing in the morning, right?"
"Find another horse, right," Art echoes.  "Somewhere in the back of his mind he knows this wayward steed is going to ride his ass into the ground before all is done.  "Anything else?"
"Yeah, I wish I knew how that owl changed the library and made it seem as though it never really happened."
"What library?"
"Never mind," she concedes with a grandiose yawn.  "I wonder what Beth and Hale are up to?"
--
Enjoying the serenity of the local countryside does not seem to have been their lot as well.  A disheveled Beth struggles admirably to support Hale.  They are being prodded along a narrow filthy stone passageway by several dungeon associates, each equipped of a torch and mace.  This, not to be confused with the spraying variety, but rather the standard issue cast-iron head of four dull opposing spikes situated upon a stout oak baton.  Our thrill-seekers have had their ankles shackled and shoes confiscated.  Thus, they may fully appreciate the mixture of bugs, sharp little stones and slurpy stuff covering the floor.  The air is hardly breathable, abiding somewhere between the poorly tuned exhaust of an old diesel pickup and a septic tank vent.  Hale's leg is braced with splints lashed with strips of cloth above and below the knee.  The young man is in serious discomfort, thus, he's moving very cautiously.  One of their escorts shoves the pair aside as they arrive at a heavy wooden door.  As not to be thought less than a gentleman, he removes the restraining pin and flings the door open for the new arrivals.  Alas, the charade is up when he breaks wind foul enough to clear the passage by force alone.
"Hang on, I think we're home."  Beth implies, in an attempt to raise Hale's spirits.  
The other security affiliate thrusts his torch into the black void; he waves it back and forth violently as though to impede any who might attempt to rush forward.  Several rats make a hasty exit between his legs.  Startled expressions appear upon the tormented faces that emerge in the dim light, then retreat sorrowfully back whence they came.  The first guard starts prodding Hale in the back with his mace.
"Okay, no problem!" Beth intercedes," We're going."  They advance meekly into the pitch black as the door slams shut behind.  Both turn to watch the flickering light from beyond the barred window fade to black as the guards retreat to more pleasant surroundings.
Shufflings and breathings are becoming evident from different directions within the space.  Then a phlegm-expelling cough confirms absolutely that they did not get a private suite.  Beth begins the negotiations, her tone just above a whisper.  "Hi!"
To which the duly elected neighborhood welcoming committee chairman replies, "Thems that dies is put aside da door ta be took aways quick.  Best ta get'im out soon as ya can no matter how good a friend day was.  There's a hole behind da door for your business and don't be thinking ya kun get out through there.  Last one tried got stuck fur a week fur they hooked him out... what da rats didn't finish.  Gets real bad when some'ums wedged in dare.
Water bucket comes round twice a day, drink all ya kun case there's times when day furget ta come 'round fur a while."
Beth probably didn't need to know all the details just yet, and it seems no one remembered to bring the freshly baked chocolate chip cookies either.  "Wow... welcome to the tomb of gloom, hon," she mutters quietly, before getting back to business.  "How many are in here, please?"  
"With yun's, three hands and two... eer three now.  Cog, did Ep die?"
"Yep!" a gruffy voice replies.
"Two den, wit' yun's."
"Hale?" Beth advises sarcastically.  "I thought only Catholics ended up in places like this."
"Waud ya do?" comes another voice from the darkness.
"Some guys were beating on my guy," Beth responds.  "I found I had the need to express my objections, so I hit one... with a shovel... on the head."
Aside from the shuffling and mumbling, some pretty serious coughing and wheezing is coming from one area in particular.
"Could someone help that person?  I think he needs some water."
"Ain't none!  'Sides, shoulda died by now, but 'ee just won't."
"Hon," Hale ventures.  "I don't mean to be rude, but I have got to sit down."
"Ya still standing lad?"
"Dis ain't the king's court.  Sit ya down."
"I can't see anything; I don't want to get in someone else's spot."
"Takes a time ta get uset ta it.  Walk ta my voice, come on... little furder... good, ya kun sit dar, nutten ta stumble on."
Hale and Beth cling to each other as they settle into the straw.  "Thank you, appreciate it."
"So dearie, this goon ya whacked, was'e wearing a bright color round is arm, was'e?
"White, no, maybe yellow; I'm not sure now."
"Yellow," Hale clarifies, "two on each sleeve."
"Ohhh! Ya clubbed a good un.  If I had a pitcher I'd pour ya a pint, I would, fur wacken natten."
"Must'ave well-ta-do friends ta get ya here safe after dat," a new voice proclaims.
"Safe!" Beth echoes.
"Be asking a heavy purse fur yuns, I'd wager."
"We don't know anyone around here."
"If that be true, I'd keep it hid."
"Unless you count Art and Leo," Beth continues.  "And who knows where they are?"
--
Thus, while Beth and Hale acquaint themselves with the hip local underground scene, out in the meadow, the first rays of sun slip through the wagon's curtains to tease those sleeping within.  Bird songs arise adding their consent to a new day's beginning and advising those not soon to join in that they are wasting their lives away.
Art and Leona lay sleeping amidst a heap of disorderly blankets and clothing.  From without, the whimsical melody of a flute comes to invade their nest.  In a fantasy, as this must be thought, one could easily excuse it as harmless background diversion.  However, accompanied by the crunching sounds of foot traffic upon a path strewn with twigs it becomes a matter of considerably higher priority.  Let the game begin!
Leona's eyes flash wide open.  She sits up and begins whacking Art on the shoulder repeatedly--this while trying to stabilize her position among the disarray and get a look through one of the tiny windows.
"Holy shit!  Art... Art... somebody's coming!"
"Huh, what?"
"We've got company!  Get it in gear."
Art pops up wide awake.  "What?  Crap!  Where's my sword?"
"I didn't say we were under attack," Leona reminds, "just get your pants on."
An entourage is approaching their camp site.  Two guards with lances flying gray banners with blue stripes are followed by an ornate cab.  The vehicle is fitted with a large window across the front and smaller ones within the doors on either side.  This medieval ATV glides along on a gilded wooden framework and the ultimate suspension system of its day: eight husky servants all of whom carry swords.  Several chests, baskets and a couple of fine-looking hams accompany on a shaded open platform just behind the cab.
Prancing alongside, a musician plays the panpipes; he is armed as well and to no minor degree.  Light of foot, too, for one so muscular.  The cab is followed by two rear guards and an Old Woman in shackles.  She is chained to the belts of both guards.  Though not appearing as much of a threat, the arrangement would allow them to hold her at bay between them.  Bringing up the rear are several loaded pack mules escorted by more unarmed males.  All the armed attendants wear matching clothing and doodads.  Certainly there is no interest in keeping a low profile.  One could imagine the cab's occupants to be local movie producers on their way to a gala premier.  Their manually transported cab in lieu of a horse drawn coach some manner of status symbol, the local equivalent of a stretch limo.
Given the approximate time frame of the game, Leona knows this is a man's world.  She chooses to stay out of the picture while introductions and inquiries are made by her trusty head of security.  Art's task is to learn how far off and in which direction one might travel to reach the area's nearest population center.  Thus, she sets herself upon a stump near the wagon.  So as to appear disinterested and taking the opportunity to examine her newly acquired weapons system.  The sword is short and double-edged, akin to those associated with the legions of Roman.  Thus, easily handled especially in close quarters.  Though not rusted, it is discolored, severely pitted and nicked on both edges.  The leather thong bound about the hilt is unraveling.  Best of all, it's as dull as a stick, more of a pry bar than a weapon.  At best something one might employ to clear brush or split kindling.  She drives one edge into an adjacent stump and begins stroking the blade with a flat stone in an effort to create some semblance of a cutting edge. 
Art approaches the oncoming procession with a friendly wave and matching attitude.  He attempts to engage the forward guard.  "Hi!  Nice day, don't you agree?"  Neither the guards or servants so much as glance in his direction.  He can see there are two occupants in the cab, both male, and neither one seems to have any interest in making his acquaintance.  One is a pudgy Snob in his 50's, fancily attired with gold threads and plenty of Rolex quality trinkets.  The other, a Pious looking bearded fellow wearing a monocle and fine robes of dark hues.  Art can't help but to think Laurel and Hardy have finally made it really big.
Art does a half-hearted bow as the cab passes.  He then turns his efforts toward the Musician who is trotting along at the same pace providing music.  "Nice tune, may I say.  By the way, how far would it be to the nearest village?"  It's as though no one can even see him.  Yet, when he tries to bypass the entertainment and approach the cab, the Musician is quick to block his advance.  A discreet FBI sort of character with the responsibility of keeping local riffraff and autograph hounds from annoying the VIPs.
Pious gives Art the evil monocle and then glances toward the wagon.  Something interesting catches his eye; as Leona strokes the tarnished blade he can see bright white sparks dance into the air then accelerate skyward.  Removing his lens piece, he again observes the peasant girl's toiling.  The fire is only apparent when observed through the monocle and thus concludes these ignorant dotes may possess something of legendary qualities.
Confiding quietly to Snob as he passes the monocle, "Watch the maiden, sire, through the wizard's eye."  Snob holds it up to his line of sight and views Leona's activities.  "See the fire that seeks the sky?  I think it Clovin, milord.  She toys with a king's ransom."
Snob pulls a lever inside the cab; a gong on the exterior chimes.  All but the old woman comes to an immediate halt.  A second chime and the servants carefully lower the cab onto its feet.
When Leona realizes they are going to stop, a thought flashes by; she needs something to offer as refreshment.  'Tis after all, however minuscule, the thought that counts and such a courtesy would tend to create a tiny, yet perhaps valuable obligation.  She lays the sharpening stone aside and slips around the back of the wagon to search out there meager supply of wine and as many cups as may be found.  Hopefully it is still wine and not vinegar.
Art approaches the cab, but the Musician dances about as before blocking his path.  The two forward guards move to flanking positions at the door of the cab; one then opens it with a respectful bow.
Snob and Pious exit; Snob waves his hand and the servants break formation.  Several turn away and relieve themselves, the remainder gathering at a barrel strapped to one of the pack mules to drink.  A nicely padded bench is brought forward from the platform and positioned to accommodate the VIPs' all important posteriors.  As Pious motions for this anxious peasant to come forward the Musician conveniently steps aside.  Art advances and begins to extend a handshake, but catches himself, sweeping his arm aside such that the movement is incorporated into a gracious bow.
Pious inquires.  "Are you of this city, sir?"
"Ah... no, we're from out of town, Atlanta."
"Atlantis... yes... the prophets of Lecia have spoken of that wondrous place.  A perilous voyage, I imagine; your mission is surely of great importance."
"Nothing special," Art concludes.  "Just a short vacation."  The small talk soon turns to schmoozing, and while Leona searches for cups a deal is cut.
She returns with a tray, a large gray crock of wine and an assortment of cups and wooden goblets.  Her mission, to indenture their guests to a favor, quickly sours.  Her sword has gone missing from the stump where it was just moments ago.  She looks toward the activities.  Snob is holding the weapon; he passes it to Pious who examines the blade with his magical monocle.  Pious nods; Snob hands Art a dagger.  Leona can imagine what has just occurred; fuming nitric acid would be as iced cherry Kool-Aid compared to her current disposition.  With odds in excess of ten to one, neither rage nor indignation is the proper approach for this situation.  Hence, a ladies most effective attack strategy, a glowing smile to breach their defenses.
Snob notices that Leona is heading their way and protests to Art.  "Your woman is coming.  She has no business with us; send her away."
Art turns with some concern, rushing to intercept Leona.  He knows he has pushed his luck.  "Check this out," he entreats in hushed tones, showing her the dagger.  The sheath is beautifully worked silver including several gems set into the designs; the pummel and quillons of solid gold, or so it appears, and set with three large topaz.  "Do you believe this?  Feel the weight.  He collects old knives; we're going to trade."
"You already have... more than you know."
"Oh shit! Leo, listen Leo we--"
Leona saunters past Art on a beeline line toward Snob and Pious.  A disarming smile and a light bounce to her step, who would imagine she has larceny in her heart and retribution on her mind?  The game has begun, her sovereignty has been challenged.  This pair of scoundrels has set the pace; and this Georgia peach shall not be made the fool.
"Good sirs, we so appreciate your patronage.  There is a charming secret, too, something very special of which my man is unaware."  Her tone is sweet as honey; fortunately they consider not the cost of gathering honey from bees that do not wish to part with it nor take note of the fire her eyes.  "The hilt, let me show you how it works."  Leona takes hold of the blade's very tip at arm's length with her left hand, giving it a delicate innocent twist.  The hilt is filthy and Snob does not relish the touch of it.  He relaxes his grip; a light tug and it is free of his hand.  It happens quickly; cautious Pious is too late to warn.  Everyone's attention is fixed on the sword.  She steps quickly backward, flips the blade and grasps the hilt.  All are taken aback by the aggressive action; priorities have suddenly shifted.  "The special thing is that it's mine, you ass, thus now I swear it shall never leave my side again."
Snob is astounded by Leona's uncommonly aggressive behavior.  He rises to his feet and asserts his claim.  "The bargain is sealed, the weapon is mine.  Return it now or spend the rest of your days tending latrines, if you're lucky."
"Sit or I'll have your head as well." she commands loudly.
Pious is quick to take hold of his master's tunic and tug downward.  "Please Milord," he implores quietly. 
Art is in a silent panic; he has no idea which way to go or how to negotiate such a volatile situation on the run.  Leona has effectively committed them against four guards and a dozen armed servants, any one twice his size.  All he has to his defense is the fancy dagger.  He dare not so much as remove the blade from its sheath for fear of instigating an all out attack.  The Servants and Guards are moving toward the confrontation, some reaching for their hardware.
Leona, now with both hands firmly upon the hilt, advances toward Snob.  "Bid them stay," she advises.   "A ragged blade makes for a foul cut and I'll have both your throats before all's done."  Both are helplessly seated, easily within her reach and retreat is blocked by the bench just behind them.  The flanking guards carry long lances, effective against charging horsemen but useless in such close quarters.  Pious fears before any could step back far enough to lower their blades and address her threat noble blood would be flowing in abundance.
At such close range, armed and cocked as she is, the use of magic could prove a devastating error of judgment to his master's good health.  Hence, he accepts they are lost to her discretion.  "Hold!" he exclaims, extending both arms with the palms outward, essentially relieving Snob of command and orders their security force to stand down.  
Art attempts to come to their assistance.  "Leona, honey... please!  Everybody here would like to be friends."  He turns to Snob.  "She just wants attention; you know how they are sometimes."  Very poor choice of words; Leona shoots him a glance which could be loosely interpreted as eat shit and die.
Snob has never been within reach of an armed adversary; he pursues a fool's defense, talking past Leona as though Art still had some measure of control.  "Return to me that which is rightfully mine," he demands.  "Then beat her, or I shall have you both slain."  Pious cringes.  Adding insult to injury is not going to stay this maiden's hand; for were it so, they would not be facing her wrath in the first place.
She counters his arrogance with diplomacy.  "A lawful trade there shall not be when the items exchanged belong not to thee.  So sayith Karife's book.  The weapon was not his to barter.  It was mine and it remains so until I discharge it.  Do you abide?"
Pious intercedes as council for Snob.  "A wife owns nothing; all her possessions are at her husband's convenience, therefore, the weapon is his lawful property.  His acceptance of the dagger binds the exchange."
"That ass, my husband... no way!" she assures with contempt.  "That which is mine, is mine.  That which is his, is his.  Do you abide of Karife's laws?  Deny me and seal your fate or concede and have done with this foolishness."
Pious is becoming concerned of Leona's references, not to mention her unyielding defiance against such odds.  Something is not as it should be; logic would forbid such disdain and country maidens certainly do not quote the laws of the land.  Also, he fears his master may be arrogant enough to order an engagement that cannot but lay them both to waste.  "Dear girl, milord and I must confer in private.  Surely you would not object if we step back to the coach for a moment?"
"You shall stay where you are or I will make two of you only each half as tall.  You may turn away from my sight.  That's as private as it's going to get."
An unhappy Snob and thankful Pious turn toward each other.  Pious adds a measure of privacy by raising a hand to the side of his mouth as he whispers into his master's ear.  "You must recant, milord.  I fear this a test we dare not fail.  No common wench recites Karife's laws.  She is steadfast, milord; there is no fear nor doubt in her eyes.  She means to have you with the first strike at any cost."
 A seemingly endless silence passes before Snob turns to face his antagonist.
She again demands he concede.  "Do you abide, sir?"
Snob offers a reluctant nod.
"With that, I presume you acknowledge my right to settlement."
Snob turns to Pious in total amazement.  "Settlement... settlement!"  Snob is beginning to change color.  "This arrogant wench would have service of me?"
Pious motions again, indicating another brief conference is required.  As they turn away from Leona, Pious places a comforting arm around Snob and again quietly guides his thoughts.  "Milord, at times it is the most bitter tonic which cures one's ill.  If this be a test of your obedience to the laws, if she is an agent of the court, a legion of troops may await her signal.  I beseech you, do not falter now."
Again they turn to face this unrelenting demon cast into their path.  Pious acknowledges her rights, presenting himself, though still seated, with a gracious bow.  "Milord and master would hear your demands."
"Three flasks of wine, a basket of bread, one of your finest hams, half of any cheese you may possess, my foolish friend's pardon and the old woman's freedom."
Snob is noticeably annoyed, but Pious carries on the negotiations.  "As you will, milady!"  Pious nudges his disgruntled patron and Snob grunts in agreement.
His oath thus proclaimed for all to witness, she backs away from the confrontation.  Art is summoned with a few wiggles of her "come here now" finger.  He promptly steps forth, whereupon she quietly confides.  "Return the gentleman's knife.  Then walk, don't run!  Walk to the wagon and get your sword.  Come back here and stand beside me so we look like a team."  Art graciously returns the knife to Pious with neither a word nor eye contact.
The forfeit provisions are carried to the gypsy wagon by Snob's servants.  They grumble quietly of what choices they would have made were they in Snob's position.  Leona has backed off several yards, discouraging any attempt to outflank and blind-side her.  The iron collar about the old woman's neck is unlocked and her chains fall away.  She strolls toward her champion with somewhat of a limp, but her head is held high and she's smiling.  The old gal sits herself down contentedly in the grass with a huff.  Art has returned to Leona's position.  He's sort of slouched over, leaning on the hilt of his sword, the point of which is sinking into the ground under his weight.
"Get with it," Leona advises quietly.  "We're at ten-to-one here!  Are you trying to invite retaliation?   Stand up, take hold of the weapon with both hands, lay the blade on your shoulder and spread your feet, you know, like for balance.  Try to look menacing, will ya?" she adds with a growl.
The bested shysters hop back into their limo.  The entourage reforms and we have liftoff.  Snob floors the accelerator, perhaps hoping a quick exit may leave the memory of his foolishness behind.
Nothing like an adrenaline rush to supplement the appetite.  Although the quality of the wine would be better appreciated by a true connoisseur, the fact they have it at all cries aloud, round one is theirs.  Some ice would have been a nice touch, though.  The old woman grins from ear to ear as she cuddles a thick blanket and looks with anticipation at a full plate of steaming rice, spicy peppers and ham.  And of all things, a cup of wine, too.  "Tings can sure change quick," she suggests in the quaint tiny voice reserved only for grandmothers.  "U'm sure my head could spin right off."
"Around here I'm sure it could, literally," Leona agrees, directing her sarcasm toward Art with a solemn glance.  "We may have gotten very close to that exact possibility this morning."  The old girl has a wonderful sense of free spirit.  Several sprigs of a plant with tiny blue flowers are entwined within her long matted gray hair.  Slight of build is she, a hundred pounds at best including her heavy woolen smock.  Weathered and rosy her face, with eyes exceedingly bright for one of such years.  Leona introduces Art and herself, then asks, "by what name are you called?"
She looks up to Leona with a bit of embarrassment.  "Most calls me brier patch 'cause dats where I live.  Never had need of a name 'cause I was mom's only one, always knew when she called had ta be me she was needing."  Her limp draws attention to what appears a nasty bite just above her ankle.  "Day set da dogs on me or da'ed never got me."  Leona tends the abrasion; the skin's been broken in several places, but it has healed over nicely.
Leona fetches a small cabinet of what might be medications from the wagon.  "These may help, but I'm not sure.  Can you tell what any of them are for?"  Their new consultant identifies most from their scent and appearance, including one poison.  "Where were they taking you?"
"Some deep hole wit a heavy stone on top; U'm not sure where.  I was accused, folk 'cross da valley was having dare chickens carried off.  Dare's foxes in da wood, un some don't keep a watch on'um, letum loose ta run 'round pecking at things.  Ya gotta have a pen if ya gonna have dem birds, or da foxes ull sure have'um.  Butt da foxes are too smart fur'em.  Can't catch'um, butt ya cun catch me.  Dare's a lady fox with a litter, she's under da stump at da edge of my garden patch.  So ya see, ain't no wabbits coming round ta botter my beans and squash.  Her pups are so pretty, but they got ta eat un they don't care fur grass much.  Well doz folks dat couldn't keep dare chickens, day come 'round cusing un found some fetters.  I don't keep dem kinda birds, too messy, un I don't fancy eggs.  So day said musta been me was doing it.  Put me in da village cage fur tree days long till da magistrate came ta gatter me up."
"They must have thought you a great risk for all the care they took to keep you."
"Day's afraid I'd bit'em un I wooda too!  With two ta pull on ya like dat day cun keep ya from get'en at'em.
Leona could not keep from chuckling a bit at her matter-of-fact fearless attitude.  "Can you tell us where we are?  I mean more like where are other things from here--which way to go?"
"Yep!  I bin all over da place."
With quill and ink upon scraps of leather, Art sets about drafting a map of the roadways and watercourses crossing the area.  Under their guest's tutelage, villages and way stops are added with notations as to which are friendly and those to avoid. 
"One more thing Art," Leona advises, "the sun.  It rose there," she points, "and it's here now.  Tonight we add the setting position and a line to show direction of movement and we're in business."
"Um so tired," the old gal says with a yawn.  "Kun I take a nap, if ya please?" 
"Sure," Leona points.  "The wagon is a bit untidy, but--"
"Dis a good spot!  Iddle do fine, un da suns nice un warm."  She curls into a ball with the blanket; snuggling down in between several large thick tufts of grass and dozes off almost instantly.
"You believe that?  Thinks she's a rabbit."  Art takes Leona aside for a high-level strategy conference.  "Not to change the subject here, but you could have got us wiped out with that move this morning.  And that 'abide by the book' stuff, what was that about?"
"I was referring to the laws of this realm.  What laws you may wonder?" Leona reminds somewhat sarcastically.  "The ones printed in those fancy leather binders we were given.  Oh, those, remember?"
"So, they couldn't touch us?"  Art responds with a questioning glance.
"I didn't notice the game master loitering in the area nor do I have my cell, do you?  So 911 wasn't an option was it?"
"What do you mean?"
"There's no one out here that I know of to enforce the rules; I was bluffing.  He knew he had to follow rules.  Otherwise he would have sent his crew to take what he wanted in the first place, not trade.  Apparently the powers that be around here are familiar with the theory of entrapment.  Their doubt was our edge.  But what if they had called me on it?  Your defense strategy--was that it propped up against the wagon?  I won't remind you where your head must have been."
"Yea, but you jumped right in his face," Art reminds grimly.  "Like you wanted to play chicken with a semi and your head lights turned off."
"No! I was playing a serious game of chess.  You know how that works, right?  Put a knife to the kings throat and your in charge regardless of his resources.  When someone says check, the only option is to stay the attack, a counter attack means nothing even if you can check the other king because next move it's over.  The king in pearl must defend at all costs just like in real life.  Trouble is, sometimes in real life you run into a psycho or religious nut, then you gotta go off book.  If I had stepped back rather than forward the next move would have gone to puggie and we would have been finished on the spot, game over!  Fortunately the skinny guy was rational enough to control the other whom I suspect was a border line fool.  If he had ordered an attack I would have whacked him and bet the farm the skinny guy had enough authority to control the troops.  I really wasn't sure who was in charge of what; but it's a good bet the most arrogant one is top dog."
"I was trying to supplement our net value.  That knife was worth a fortune.  We could have rented a small army."
"Right, what are you starting, an IRA?  And in the meantime I should strap a skillet on my belt and carry a brick?  Are we here to win this or just as fodder for the machines?  'Cause that's where we're headed if you trade the weapons for trinkets."
Art starts to fidget like he's developing a case of hives.  "This just isn't stirring me up.  There should be more magic and powerful forces, ya know?"
"Art!  We just stood down fourteen armed men under the command of a frustrated dictator and his legal goon.  Not one drop of blood was spent... and we won a ham.  There's got to be some magic in there somewhere.  Give it a chance will you?  Even Genghis Kahn started out in a hut.  I'm going to stay with her.  What she knows about this area is the most valuable resource we have--except maybe the horse.  You do remember the agenda we established last evening, do you not?"
"She's liable to sleep all day," Art proposes.
"So! No telling how long they were dragging her around out there.  When she comes around I'll learn whatever else I can.  Meantime, there are things to sort out, like why was that turd trying to scam my knife.
"I still think that guy was on the level," Art rebuffs, "we threw away a real opportunity."
"Gimmy a break, Art!  You're a business major, a college-trained scam artist!  And you never heard about the original con... new lamps for old?  Whatever!  It's done now.  So understand please!  Our greatest need is to find that missing horse before someone else does.  Domestic animals have a tendency to stay together.  It should be near the same area as the other was.  And if you smell a carcass... check it out and watch for wolves; if it's dead I need to know.  Can you ride?"
"Yeah, sort of, but it's been a while."
"Well, it's time to brush up." Leona insists.  "We have that old saddle; get one of the blankets and make this work.  If you're on horseback the other would be less likely to shy away.  In fact, they will know each other and may seek each other out.  It's a piece of cake, so make it work, okay?"
"It's going to take some trial and error to get the saddle attached, but--"
"I'm a country girl, remember?  You hoist the saddle on her back.  I can strap it down" Leona assures, "and get all the gadgets attached." 
Sir Art of Atlanta is soon upon his way.  Not in search of the Grail nor to save the down trodden, but to seek out a misplaced docile beast of burden.
Leona spends most of the morning planning for the possibility a second steed may not materialize, all the while keeping a serious eye on the perimeter.  Given time to reconsider, the victim of this morning's escapade might take a notion for revenge; he certainly seemed the type and he had the manpower.  It's about noon when their guest pops up from her nap, bright-eyed and if the truth be known, bushy-tailed too.
The ladies settle down for a chat.  Leona's new friend being a fountain of practical wisdom and local information including fairy tales, rumors, prophecies and comedies of error.  As the conversation rolls into early evening Leona had hoped to see Art trot back into view leading their tardy equine by now.  Her concern begins to mingle with the topics at hand.
"Well, me tinks one's close by," her new friend suggests, "u'm sure."  The old girl rises to her feet and sniffs the air.  She snatches up a few strands of dry grass, casting them loose to see what direction they choose.  Turning to face the breeze and rising high as she can on her tiptoes, "Yep! right dare," she points.  "Just on da slope, dis side dem tall pointy trees." 
Leona zeros in on the distant landscape.  Sure enough, there's a horse grazing on the hillside just beyond the area earlier confirmed as an abandoned orchard.  "You've got it!  Wow, that was easy!  Please excuse my rush; I've got to get up there before it wanders off."  Leona breaks for the wagon to gather anything with which to fashion some sort of restraint.
As she emerges with a makeshift lariat the old girl adds afew drops of wisdom for her quest.  "Don't be ta quick now; day can get ta running off if day tink ya sneaking up on'em."  She hands Leona a bunch of thick roots she's pried from the meadow.  "Dis what ya need, horse nip, ittle get'em.  Let um see ya, be slow about it; hold dees up to'em, he'll come ya way.  Dares once a big house up dat hill."
Leona graciously accepts her guest's advice and the bundle of horseradishes.
"Thank you, I'm so glad we met."  Leona gives her new best friend a quick hug.  "I'll be back soon as I can."  Fixing her position and that of her objective with the sun, she dashes off across the meadow.  "Make yourself at home," she calls back, "whatever you like."
The tree line is clogged with blackberry briers spiraling well above her head, some so tall as to have entwined themselves with the trees.  Each year many of the old stalks die leaving thorn laden skeletons to defend the new shoots, everything then tightly bound together by a fierce alliance of honeysuckle and grape vines.  This coalition has all but secured the meadow from trespassers.  It doesn't take long to realize she is ill equipped for the task.  But, if she turns back now to change clothes the light will wane stealing her prize.  There's little choice, she wades into the thicket.  It's akin to a WW-I battlefield strewn with prickly unforgiving barbed wire.  By the time she has emerged her smock has been sacrificed and to little avail as her arms and legs have also been superficially shredded.
She soon comes to realizes her torturous trek may have been for not.  Her quarry is but fifty yards away and upon its back a familiar saddle.  So then, where is Art?  She is about to call out when sounds of activity catch her ear.  There could be trouble; better her arrival remain unannounced.  Remnants of a stone structure may be seen beyond the thicket.  Drawing her weapon, she advances cautiously.  Windowless walls come to view, likely a defensive perimeter of some sort now fallen to ruin.  The sounds are clearer now, not of conflict nor torment, but more the unconcerned byproduct of someone fumbling about.
From a sizable breach in the wall she can see Sir Art is in no immediate danger; he's rooting around in the debris of what appears to be a small collapsed lean-to.  The wall encloses a large courtyard; remains of a much larger structure occupy most of the opposite side.  She quietly perches herself in the opening to watch while he meticulously searches the rubble like an archeologist hot on the trail of some ancient relic.  Were a cup of water in her hand likely it would soon come to a boil.  She is scratched and scrapped from head to toe, the light weave of her clothes snagged and torn by every thorn they brushed against because of his foolishness.
"Ah!" he shouts out, nearly toppling backwards.  "Why didn't you say something?"
"I assume you've found our missing horse since you have time for this.  I didn't see it; did I miss it?"
"I was all over back through here."  He does a select-all movement with outstretched arms.  "No sign of it yet.  What happened to you?"
"We'll talk about that later, but right now I want to know about the horse," she Insists.  "If you haven't find it yet what are you doing here?"
"It looked interesting.  I mean, there's no telling what you might find in a place like this."  Art takes note her voice is on the rise.
"Yeah!  But you're looking for a horse and you know damn well you're not going to find it under one of those rocks."
"Yeah, but you--"
"You stinking shit!" she howls.  "I just tore myself to shreds to get up here 'cause I thought I had spotted the other horse," she exclaims furiously.  "First things first and the first thing we need is mobility.  Till then we are stuck, helpless, you understand?"  Leona drops back to the far side of the wall out of sight; Art is quick but cautious to follow.  His credibility has been called into question.  Some logic, however lame, must be presented to justify his actions.
"Once we roll out of here you know we'll never see this place again," Art defends.  "I didn't think the opportunity should be lost and I don't think I should have to kiss your ass every time I want to do something."
"At the rate you're going you may never get that close to it again.  You're in a rut.  This game is about retreat.  It's like looking in a mirror, it's backwards.  We're not here to round up venture capital or save the world.  The object of the game was clearly stated.  If we find our way back, intact, we win.  Our net worth when we leave here has no value, we can't take it with us.  We are going to get our asses scorched if you don't come up to speed."
"You seem awfully wound up on this, even more than usual."
"Am I missing something?  You were the one who'd memorize the rules before a tournament--every angle figured, every defense ready to go.  Total commitment with strategies up the yin-yang.  A certifiable game-aholic!  Now all you want to do is play bingo.  What's the problem?"  She points toward the wagon.  "You see the road, the stream, right?  Well, the wagon is down there on the left, just the other side of this grove.  No need to rush on my account."  She mounts up.
"Hey, wait a minute!"
"That's two strikes dude.  One more, me and this mare are going our way and you and that wagon can sit here till doomsday."
"Just cool it, okay." Art demands, "I get a vote on this too."
"Right! and we agreed did we not?  The horse was top priority, there was no mention of this treasure hunting bullshit."  She turns away.
"Hey wait!  No reason we can't ride double, and--"
"Like hell!  I'm not going to take a chance on hurting this animal for your convenience.  I paid my dues coming up here; I'm riding back.  If I were you, I wouldn't tarry too long.  The sun's crashing and I can tell you for sure," pointing back the way she came, "you don't want to wait until you have to cut through that field.  See ya!"  She trots off toward the far end of the ruins, soon coming upon two parallel ruts likely cut into the hillside long ago by wagon wheels.  The tracks meander downward through the forest.  She surmised correctly that they would merge with the road following the creek.  A left turn at the bottom of the hill brings her effortlessly back to the campsite.
Back in reality, so to speak, Sinaia and Marwyn observe her departure in the glowing Minnon.  "This fellow she is with is a dung heap.  Do her the good service of having one of your goons cut his throat."
"He was her choice of an ally," Marwyn replies with some regret, "things must be allowed to run their course."
Returning again to the meadow, Leona's friend has brightened the fire some and sits patiently watching as the sparks dance away.  "Ya caught'um; good fur ya."
"Not exactly;" She admits glumly, "this is the same one we had before."
"Where's ya man? 'E 'ain't been lost?"
"No... it's his turn to walk."
"Ya been in da nettles I see.  Lemme get ya fixed.  If'in dem points is stuck in ya day kun turn bad."
The sky's nearly dark by the time Art's silhouette can be seen coming down the road.  Choosing the long way around was probably the only good decision he's made since they arrived.  Conversation is scarce and cautious throughout dinner.  Art doesn't care to pour gasoline on a smoldering situation.
"Ittle be dark soon," advises their guest.  "Best if'in um home 'fore da morning."
"You can't go off in the dark," Leona begs with serious concern.  "You'll be tripping or stepping into a hole and twist an ankle or worse.  Please, it's no trouble for you to stay; there could be wolves."
"Som'a my best pals is wolves.  Dares so few left.  Folks don't lik'em."
"I fear you'll be lost.  Stay the night.  There will be plenty of room in the wagon since Art prefers to sleep under it."
"Huh!"  Art exclaims quietly, followed by several cautiously whispered adjectives which do not bear repeating.
"Oh dear!  I could ne'r be lost in dis wood," the old girl confides softly.  "I know my way well as da breeze."
"I wish I could say the same." Leona admits somewhat sadly, "Can you tell me anything of the way home?"
"If ever ya lost," the old woman teases, a gleam in her eye, "Always look ta yourself fur the right way ta go... then ya takes one step more if fur certain ya want ta know."
"Thank you, ma'am."
Clouds have all but taken the moon, its light subdued to a soup of haze and mist.  Their guest turns toward the forest and walks away.  A few steps and her image begins blending with the trees and shadows, then it fades upon the breeze as she were vapor.
Art strains to follow the old gal's movement.  "Cool!  She's gone.  I mean totally, like pouf... gone." 
Soon thereafter, Leona retreats from the fire's glow.  There isn't much sense in rehashing what's been said.  Perchance the morning will reveal some grounds for blending their points of view.  One thing is certain, right after the maid throws open the curtains and carries off the fine silver and what remains of her gourmet breakfast, she is going horsehunting.  Art isn't sure if he's sleeping indoors this evening or not, thinking it best to wait awhile and try his luck after she's fallen asleep.  His quandary is soon resolved beyond the customary shadow of doubt.  Leona returns, hands him a blanket, then turns away without further debate.  Only the glowing embers of the fire are left to warm him tonight; they brighten in the breeze, sparkle and then subside with a faint crackle.
Tranquillity is not always the virtue one might suspect.  These three stout figures who cautiously slink across the dimming horizon, what could their purpose be?  The dawn soon enough to herald their coming, for in the dark of night their quarry could slip away and be lost.
Looking like a teepee with a head, Art finds himself sitting beneath the wagon wrapped in a bedspread with only his defense strategy for company.  Never having been much for traditional Cub Scout outings nor one to enjoy the company of bugs, he sits, unable to sleep.  He reflects upon the days events seeking some means to curry favor with his disenchanted lady.  The coals of the fire taunt, hissing a warning at him, as a light scattering of large raindrops has begun.  He wonders, perhaps could they provide an excuse to claim his rightful place in the castle?  Surely she wouldn't demand he spend the night in the rain.  Then again, given the queen's present disposition and the fact she's armed, some fresh country air may be the wiser choice this evening.  Intense quiet has a sound all its own.  Things that pass unheard during times of light are amplified beyond belief when the silence that is night approaches.  How could a beetle or centipede possibly raise such a ruckus when they pass by?  Even the wildflowers have withdrawn their support, most having closed till dawn comes again to tease them open.  Little doubt they will enjoy the morning's dew more than he.
--
Deep in another part of the forest, a light drizzle bathes the trees; even in the pale light of a clouded moon the leaves shine.  Water trickles from the steep sodden roof of a small bungalow.  All matter of insects and little springy things that like to jump have begun to croak and sing welcoming the shower's arrival.  Behind the cottage a garden patch is just as happy as they for a pleasant dousing.  A rabbit there, not the least deterred by a bath while he dines, munching contentedly upon the greens.  It stops, perks up and looks around, cautiously sniffing at the damp cool air.  Something's coming near and it doesn't smell good; the hare, being no fool, decides perhaps 'tis better to continue his repast elsewhere.  Thus, he sprints off into the night before his scent too might be noticed and he becomes something else's dinner.  A huge stump stands guard at one corner.  Three red fox pups cautiously exit from the lair there beneath its gnarled roots.  They dash off to greet mom, a welcome sight indeed who is approaching with a fresh hen in her mouth.  She drops the fowl.  The pups crowd around and little yipping sounds abound; they are so happy to see her.  Everyone gets a good nuzzling, of course, and then the meal begins.  Mom's been gone for three very long, long days and they are as hungry as ever they've been in their short lives.
"Yup, I know ya dears are famished, but dease tings happen," Mom reminds.  "I would'a been sooner, but dare was a debt needed tending.  Um just glad ta see nunes run off un got lost; dat would never do.  Ya wouldn't believe who I just sat down with; was da daughter.  Yup, a fine sweet girl she's come ta be un we owe'er a great debt we do, 'cause we all got terrible close ta being dunfur.  Poor pick of a mate dough; wouldn't swap ya a chewed chicken bone fur 'em."
--
Adjourn again we shall, back to the outskirts of Atlanta and a ramshackle farmhouse where nothing is what it seems.  There, Marwyn and Sanaia continue to monitor Leona's trials as they are revealed within the transparent domain of the Minnon.  All is as it should be within the game room.  The players have picked up on the momentum and proceed to establish their individual niches within the real game's events.  This side of the coin played with the personalities they've developed for themselves.  Neither entirely true, as people seldom display their real disposition, nor altered by the game master's candles.
All traces of the extraordinary transitions that occurred during the onset have faded.  Their physical appearances and attitudes are as they were prior to the binding.  They socialize and joke at their dilemmas and impending disasters with little concern, it's a game after all.  Leona resides among them willful as ever, calmly studying her opponents and cautiously seeking her way.
On the dark side of the coin their playing field is boundless, confined not to a single room as that of their counterparts.  Events unfolding within the Minnon's domain are by extension the same as those defined by the players actions within the game room.  When a card is turned or the dice are rolled whatever wonder or hazard they may create acts as a touchstone to the Minnon.  Thereby, its consequences must be addressed within Leona's real-time fantasy of seemingly solid objects.  She has been divided into cause and effect, subject simultaneously to the rules of fact and fantasy alike.
Activity within the game room has been in play less than half an hour.  Whereas Leona has experienced nearly forty hours of events and conflict upon the platform where she alone resides.  If her activities were transposed to the time line within the game room she would be humming like a computer's processor on uppers.  Certainly there are cautions to be weighed for her situation is not unlike the insanity those with multiple personalities encounter.
Of special interest to Marwyn is that Leona now possess the blade originally acquired by Art.  "Though fate served him well, I find no fault in exchanging that coarse thing for the treasure they were offered."  
"He was offered," Sanaia points out somewhat objectionably.
"Yes... of course.  Still, I dare to think he has her best interests at heart."
"I doubt that, sir.  As I said, a pile of dung of more value to flies than the maiden we torment.  And the device is not lost," Sanaia reminds.  "You allow the child no worth of her own.  Consider her lineage, it was a matter of honor.  The lad gave his prize in exchange for what he desired and he was glad to be rid of it, then tried to steal it back to gain more for himself, what then is he but a cad?  She chose not to be put at risk by his foolishness.  So now this piece of iron you've dredged up from one of our player's memories is milady's to bargain with." 
"But fate granted the blade to the lad.  What has attracted her to that weapon?"  Marwyn asks.
"Do not confuse fate and destiny.  One is more of chance and circumstance," Sanaia advises, "the other is meant to be."
 Sanaia points into the crystal.  "It appears your presence is desired and mine soon as well; shall we return to the service of our guests?  Your turn first, I think, while I shall keep the watch."
--
Back now to the far side of the coin, there to observe Sir Art as he patiently awaits a call from the lady upstairs.  Alas!  There comes no tapping on his ceiling neither to apologizes nor invite.  Within the hour his teepee has slumped over, forming now the shape of a large baked potato.  There he lies, wide awake, another hour trudging past with not even a yawn for encouragement.  All manor of subtle shufflings may be heard from the adjacent meadow.  A fan club of lady mosquitoes has assembled, swirling around like a flock of buzzards just above the side of his face.  Unseen but not forgotten, for when one comes near as to lit upon his ear it's as though a flying freight train was approaching.  They can hardly wait for him to fall asleep that all may become better acquainted and finally dine.  Will sleep ever come to end this low-level torment?  The breaking dawn assures it has indeed, though not for long.
Something long and strangely segmented approaches Art's feet.  It continues right up over top of him without a care.  He explodes from beneath the blanket in a panic, crashing his head on the underside of the wagon.  Turns out he's been run over by a family of skunks, each following the other nose to tail, all in a row.  They are taken as much by surprise as he.  Mom and her brood of little stinkers scatter in all directions as Art scrambles for his mighty defense strategy.
At the commotion, Leona drops from the rear of the wagon sword in hand.  She sees the villains scampering off.  "Keep it down; you'll scare the horse."  She sniffs the air.  "So far this is your lucky day.  Either that or you scared the stink right out of them," she muses.
"Hey, those are my pants." Art protests.
"You can only wear one pair at a time, so we're going to be sharing them.  These are more practical, especially for emergencies."  The sun hasn't even cut the horizon yet and already he's worn out.  He lies down again, pulling the blanket over his head in an effort to recapture some of the zzzzzz's that got away last night.  A few minutes and he dozes off without a care.  Without a care is hardly an appropriate frame of mind when snoozing in the realm.  Such folly seldom lasts for long and can be quite a risky business.

Chapter-5

FIRST BLOOD UPON A MAIDEN'S BLADE
MAY NEVER BE ENTIRELY CLEANSED AWAY.

In the realm, as does the sun, so do all things about you.  Thus, none should tarry or laze about, but early to rise lest they miss an opportunity to greet friend or foe alike.  A most important time of day indeed, the best time to begin a siege as it allows all the day to die.  It should be of no surprise then when Art's cozy blanket suddenly disappears exposing a disoriented business major, one who should be more truthful to himself and stay away from fantasies.  Either that, or earlier to rise, for now he must face three corporate raiders of a type not commonly encountered in the Wall Street environment.
These fellows carry sharp ragged oversized weapons instead of briefcases and the Fed. probably does not regulate their activities too closely.  Their finely tailored suits have been replaced with thick well-worn leather armor including all manner of functional straps, buckles and pointed iron rivets.  All three stare at Art as though he were a platter of prim rib roast hot from the spit.
Art is hoping Leona will again call out and dispel this menace as she did the last time proving it yet another bad dream.  Patch nudges Shorty, nodding toward the rear of the wagon, turning then to Sagen with a nod toward the front to assure their quarry is contained.  They disperse, climbing up and entering the cabin from both ends.  The suspension squeaks as the frame jostles about.
Squeaks are a bad sign, Art suspects, as they tend to reinforce the notion something really is going down.  Art scrambles backward from under the wagon picking up his sword by the blade as he retreats.  He finds it to be as sharp as it looks.
Patch squats down ducking his head slightly and walks under the wagon, advancing directly toward Art who has sprinted about thirty feet away.  Art turns to face his antagonist and reassess the situation from a safer distance, still not entirely sure these guys are genuine.  Blood flowing with some enthusiasm from the palm of his hand cautions that this is not a drill.
"First blood is yours," Patch grumbles sneeringly.  "Now, 'tis my turn, boy.
"Shit!  Who are you?"
"Your replacement!"
"What!  Why?"
"Why not?  That wench of yours obviously needs a firmer hand.  My brothers and I shall console her grief and teach her manners."
"What grief?"
"That of your loss," Patch assures, "after she has buried you."
Art and Patch engage, Art ever backing away, his adversary toying as he advances.  The event heats up; Art's leg is slightly cut, though again by his own clumsy actions.
"If you keep swinging that thing, lad" Patch advises with what could be perceived a smile, "you'll perish by your own hand and I'll have no fun today."
Leona, it turns out, did not return to the comfort of her blankets.  She went instead to gather wood in the adjacent thicket for the morning's tea.  Hearing the clash of steel she bolts toward the wagon thinking those she vanquished yesterday have wised up and returned for vengeance.
Hardly of notice at such trying times is a family of furry little stripped rascals.  They scamper about with great anticipation.  A few whispers and a precise wave of the hand, their banquet is served.  Long wiggly worms and fat juicy grubs topped off with the biggest hive of ground hornets they've ever seen!  And for dessert ripe apples, pears and bright red plums covered over with every wild berry nature has to offer.  Umm, yum, yum!  The careful observer may also catch a subtle reflection and the faint image of a satin gown dissolving into the forest mist.  The element of surprise is a wicked device, and such a foul deed it is to be set upon as one sleeps. "If she must be inquired of so severely," Sanaia relents, "let it be done on a field level to all."
Entering the clearing behind the troll, Leona advances toward the skirmish.
Patch and Art are jockeying for position; already the long sword has become an almost unbearable weight.  The troll wields his broad ax one-handed as though it were a badminton racquet.  Art can hardly maintain a defensive posture and the bloody handle does not improve his grip.  Suddenly Patch lunges with a powerful strike sending Art staggering backward and his sword spinning away, whereupon Leona makes her presence known.
"Hey!  Short shit!"
Patch's distraction allows Art to regain his footing.  Rather than seek out his lost weapon, he dashes across the road toward the creek.
Pleasantly startled, Patch turns to greet Leona.  "There ya are.  I been looking forward to the dessert!"
He does not advance, being careful not to encourage her flight.  Sleek and agile as any doe she could easily outrun the lot of them.  Better to wait until that option is forfeit; thus, idle conversation to distract and delay.  "Your man's fled.  Perhaps we should be friends.  Can be a hostile land, this, strength in numbers ya know?"  He watches for signs she may break and run as his two brothers advance from behind her.  She hates to abandon all they own to a thug, but with Art out of sight it would be foolish to engage this rogue.  He does not appear the sort to be easily dissuaded.
"Where the hell is Art?" she questions while searching for some sign of her presumed ally and protector.
One of those creeping up from behind motions the other to flank her position as they close the gap.  They move swiftly for their stature and soon a three-pronged trap is set.
"Might be ugly as a bog toad," Shorty advises from behind, "but my brother ain't short."
Leona turns to find herself surrounded.  The other two have silently crept to within five yards.  Her heart begins to race; she can't recall any rules appropriate to counter the impending confrontation.  Her escape option has been forfeit, it's fight or concede.  Neither offers a bright prospect.  She desperately needs Art to attack one of her flankers; a false charge, anything to create a diversion.  Even a loud holler would offer her some opportunity to make a run for it.  Anxiously she scans the perimeter hoping he will pop up amid the tall grass and do something, but it doesn't happen.
With her adversaries closing from three sides, she resorts to consoling herself in very subdued undertones.  "Calm down, be cool... just a game, play to win, but most important... have fun, Ha!"  There is little else to do but cautiously stand her ground and wait for Art as the trap closes.  "Arrttt!" she calls out loudly, but alas, it seems the presumed captain of her fate has abandoned ship.
Patch comes right to the point.  "No need to die this day."
His brothers offer options and consequences, their hope, to avoid damaging the property.  "A damsel in distress ya are missy.  Surely ya can see... ain't no knight coming to take ya away from us."
"He's gone, girly," Patch offers impatiently.  "Run off, left his iron in the grass there.  Better forget him now... afore you get yourself in trouble."
"With proper training the likes ah you could be a favorite," Sagen adds smugly.  "Many a gentleman be pleased to provide ya a life of luxury."
Leona refuses to waver.  She maintains a death-tight grip on the dull hulk of a weapon, turning to face one then another, attempting to keep an eye on all three as they advance to within striking distance.
Shorty, the troll she is facing, suddenly changes his congenial expression.  With an intense stare he strikes his weapon against the tip of her sword.  She holds steady; he strikes again, harder.  "Try not my patience, wench; drop that useless stick or ya gonna get hurt.  Ya have nice teeth, be a pity to lose'em."
"Cuts and bruises," Sagen consoles, "invite a sad future of harsh treatment girly."  Standing at arm's reach behind her, he runs the tip of a spiked mace across her shoulder and down the center of her back.  She ignores the provocation.  "Be careful now, missy!  A nasty scare or mangled limb and the courtesan ends up a scullery maid... or worse."
"And so easy to avoid," Shorty entreats.  "Let the weapon fall or I'm going to cut that hand off."  He glances toward Patch for an instant.  "Brother, make haste!  We shall have need of a red hot iron to seal her stump lest she bleed to death afore we've finished."
Leona's head bows slightly, her blade drops from the ready to a horizontal position.  Releasing the hilt from the grip of her right hand the blade, now held only by the left, droops further toward the ground.  Her right arm slowly descends to her side.
All three of Marwyn's antagonists advance closer in around her.  Sagen, the one behind, places a heavy hand upon her shoulder.  "Let the iron go, missy."
--
A still and somber Leona sits quietly next to Art at the small table in the game room.  Everyone else seems frozen in time, absolutely motionless, not so much as a blink or the sound of breath.  A deafening silence pervades the space.  The scene could be a photograph were it not for the flickering candles--they the single indication time still exists in this place.
Only Sanaia is able to move.  She glides toward Leona with her tray of possibilities.  "Troubled times oft bestow opportunities, milady; never doubt the choice is yours."  She hands Leona a cup with four dice.  Rolled upon the tray they show, 1, 2, 32, and a picture of a bloodied sword.  Lastly, a deck of cards is offered; Sanaia arrays them with a casual swipe of her hand.  Leona chooses, but does not look upon its face for she doesn't want to know.
"Will there be anything else, milady?"  Leona places one of the cards she now holds upon the tray; it displays a broken sword.  She picks up the dice showing the bloody weapon and places it upon the card.
"I would draw lots with this demon for my future."
Sanaia bows as she withdraws.  A moment later the tray with the dice as they were cast is presented before Marwyn.  "She will fight," Sanaia advises, "rather than be taken.  And the card she drew and held I have never seen before.  Someone toys with us, sir, and I beg you recall we are not in the realm.
--
As the blade of Leona's weapon droops further she allows the hilt to rotate between her fingertips.  Now, tightening her grip again, the blade swings slightly backward such that she has hold of it as a dagger.  Looking straight into Shorty's eyes, she whispers discreetly. "So be it!"  Sensing this a challenge, he cocks his arm to strike and in so doing leaves himself exposed to a rising blade.  Leona snaps her sword upward in an awkward but effective fashion.  The tip catches Shorty below the right arm, slashing upward across his leather breastplate and cutting his wind pipe and a major artery diagonally.
His weapon drops, he grasps his throat; precious thick red fluid spurts from between his fingers and dribbles through the severed armor.  Leona's left hand is now at arm's length before her right shoulder.  Grabbing the hilt with her right hand then abruptly bending both arms, she snaps it swiftly downward.  The blade driven backward along her right side into Sagen, who's standing directly behind her.  He doubles over, pushing her forward as he backs off the stinging cold iron.
Bending one knee as she steps forward allows her to duck and yet maintain her balance, this to avoid a killing strike from Patch, immediately to her left--the last standing of her tormentors.  His blade flashes by less than an inch above the side of her face.  The broad flat side severely grazing her left shoulder.  Having missed its mark, the momentum of the heavy ax leaves him in a precarious off-balance position, facing Leona somewhat sideways without an immediate defense.
The ax's impact knocks Leona to her right.  Quickly releasing her left hand from the hilt allows her to throw the injured arm outward, maintaining her posture for a brief moment more.  The sword, now held as a dagger in her right hand, comes left toward Patch as she spins about with all she can muster in a final desperate lunge before tumbling backward to the ground.  In such close quarters, she's able to slash her exposed attacker across the middle before his precarious stance brings him crashing down as well.
They are undone, one and all, with three precise moves; hardly a second has transpired.  Had she deviated in any way more than an inch her reward would have proven fatal.  She rolls left on her injured shoulder aided by the momentum of her last swing.  Thus, quickly recovering a firm defensive stance.  The nerve endings in her hands, forearms and fingertips are sizzling at though she were being pricked by thousands of tiny pins.
The wounded troll attempts to regain his footing using his ax as a crutch.  Leona, not nearly so seriously injured, drops to one knee and with a full swing strikes the handle of his ax in two.  He plummets back to earth face first.  Patch rolls over slowly, all the while expecting to have his head struck a killing blow; but it doesn't come.  In fact, her effort could just as easily have severed his arm or head, but she chooses to disarm him instead.
She stands in the midst of the wounded trolls, bewildered as to how such a dull blade could have possibly done so much damage.  Their heavily metal clad leather armor slit with the ease a honed blade would split an apple.  The most she had hoped for was to knock the first off balance allowing her to break and run like hell.  But everything meshed perfectly as the workings of a fine Swiss watch.  Thus, the hour of doom has chimed and the ground is now covered with blood, shattered weapons and dying men.  Sagen is doubled up lying on his side.  Shorty's on his knees, steadied by the one hand and holding his throat with the other; he's choking, desperately gasping for breath.  Patch, on his back holding his gut, the least wounded of the three, but defenseless.  Leona is apprehensive and confused, taking quick deep breaths.  "This can't be right!  This isn't a horror movie," she cries out, "it's a game."
--
Leona closes her eyes for a moment to clear the image.  When again they open she finds herself standing alongside the great fireplace in the game room.  Several charred logs among the heap of glowing charcoal continue to flicker.  Details of the room are muddled; only that occasional wisp of flame comes into focus.  Solemn, indistinguishable figures move about at the room's edges.  There are voices--deep, slow voices, like a recording being played at the wrong speed.  She really doesn't care what is being said anyway.  Her head is bowed, her left arm braced against the mantle.  In the one hand she still holds the card drawn from Sanaia's tray; in the other, limp at her side, she's crushed a helpless soft drink can.
What have I done?  What's this about?  She looks to the card for an explanation, some hint of reason.  Printed thereupon in coarse Gothic script are words most profound: "BY THY HAND, NOTHING SHALL STAND BEFORE ME."
--
Within the blink of an eye she is returned to the meadow's carnage.  Her left hand rests against a stout old locust.  She raises the blade held in the other to view.  The inscription printed upon the card is faintly evident now, exposed by traces of blood seeking solace among the pits and irregularities of the blade's surface.
Sagen calls to his brother.  His painful voice stirs Leona back to the battle's aftermath.  She shouts at Patch.  "This is only a game; are you all right?"
"As well as any... recently disemboweled."  Patch rights himself cautiously, bracing himself with one arm.  "Will you grant I may tend my brothers milady?"
"Yes, please do!" she motions erratically.  "You've got to stop all this bleeding."
Patch gropes off toward one of the fallen.  He reaches his brother, Shorty, leaning close to his ear.  "Are you still with me?  Say something."  He listens, but the breath has left his sibling.  Patch rolls him over and closes his eyes.
Leona places her hand over her mouth and whispers in dismay.  "Oh shit!  Why couldn't they have just left me be?"
He moves on with care toward Sagen.  "What of you?"
Sagen chokes, cautiously forming his words that things within do not unravel more by his own efforts.  "Not well... something burns inside... and the heat of it grows.  I fear the wench has poked a hole in parts that are not to mend.  And you?" 
"I'm soon dead," Patch advises, "Shorty's gone."
"The she-devil?" Sagen inquires.
"Untouched!"
Leona is sobbing quietly.
"But for the grief of our sad ending," Patch adds.
"How do we come to this?" Sagen asks.  "Have we been deceived?" 
"I think not.  The fair are beguiling creatures; it's their nature.  But none ever more than this wench; and so quick of hand and precise her efforts.  There is not the time to consider our folly now," Patch reminds, "'tis done and we as well.  A great task yet remains; I hope I may bear it."
Sagen expires.  Patch closes his brother's eyes and staggers to his feet, glancing toward the remorseful young maiden who has just wiped out his clan.  She doesn't seem to be wary of his activities nor concerned he may harbor ill intent.  Were it for himself alone, he might consider attempting some ploy to exact a vengeful deed.  But obligations to his fallen brothers come first.  Sheer will alone cannot prevail; he knows the bleeding must be reduced.  Stripping down to the waist, he binds the wound with all at his disposal.  The sheath of his brother's sword laid over the dressing, and finally his own broad leather belt cinched tight to the last notch.  It will have to do.
Things are needed.  He takes note of the area then crosses the road to investigate the watercourse.  Fate has not abandoned him.  A large dead tree undercut by the water's flow has uprooted itself.  Considerable floating debris has accumulated among the branches, a windfall for which he is thankful.
 There stands a grove of evergreens between the bank and the creek bed adjacent to the meadow.  Patch disappears into the thicket.  He soon reemerges with several straight, thin, fallen trees wedged under each arm.  Dragging them over the edge of the embankment, he returns again to the thicket for load after load of slender cedars, saplings fallen in their youth for lack of light among the faster growing pines.
Leona, somewhat composed and now resigned to the fact she may have actually killed two men, investigates his curious activities.  The gap between the bank and the fallen tree has been filled in with a dense accumulation of cedars and heavy pine bows stacking in crisscrossed layers.  Using the bank as a ramp, he struggles to lift the end of a substantial log onto this heap alongside several others.
"What are you doing?  You're going to kill yourself," she warns.
"There's no need; that task is surely done.  I must build a pyre for my kinsmen.  Crows and boars will devourer our flesh and scatter our spirits to the borders of the world.  My brothers and I must be consumed by fire or we shall never be joined again.  I swear not to offend thee, milady, and beg that I may continue."
"Do as you wish, whatever."
Patch resumes his final labors.  Being unaware of what other vows he may be bound to, Leona dares not but to watch from a safe distance.  She should be concerned of Art's circumstance, but he is lost to her thoughts entirely and no great loss at that.  As the morning wears on, climbing the bank becomes increasing difficult for Patch.  By noon Patch is soaked to his boots with blood.  There cannot be much left, but never does he falter nor speak a word.
Unfocused and glassy-eyed, he allows his burden to drop.  Too dizzy now to continue, his limbs so numbed they are nearly lost to his control.  He staggers to a nearby willow and props himself against the trunk, the task is too great, death soon at hand.
Off in the far reaches of Patch's mind, at first a distant echo, the quaint voice of an elderly woman comes to be.  "In a bit of a tangle are we?  Family obligations can be such a strain upon one's spirit.  No one would deny you've made a noble effort; pity the task shall not be complete."  Her ethereal voice whispers pleasantly into his ear as though she were sitting right beside him.  "Can you face them, if ever again by chance you meet?"
He sits calmly, motionless, dying, listening to the spirit obliged to chronicle his deeds.  There she sits on her pillow, just on the other side of the self-same tree.  A spry, slender peasant women, so close indeed their hands could touch.  She appears no more than 70 perhaps, but given her occupation one could imagine she is ageless.  Her long gray hair neatly braided and laced with tiny flowers of white and lavender coils about her upon the ground.  A sewing frame rests upon her lap; she hums as she pulls the stitches.
"For such a vagabond this really doesn't look so bad."
A squeaky voice objects adamantly to any kind word included in his eulogy.  "They were pricks! each and every one; you know it as well as I."  Another maiden has come upon the scene; mounds of untamed red hair flurry about as she jostles to and fro trying to get Patch's attention.  No more than 30 years to her credit, brightly colored and elegant every stitch of her attire.  She scolds and berates the dying troll with every foul word she can muster.  But he doesn't acknowledge her presence in the slightest.
"Leaving you and those vile brothers of yours to the worms," she proclaims sternly, "I'd say is more than any of you deserve."  At times ranting incoherently and then carefully pronouncing every syllable of endless discredits and curses, she continues, then reverting again to hysterical jabbering.  "Wish I was a buzzard, I'd have your eyes out of that ugly face while you can still feel it."  No doubt they have met before and she wishes to inform all the world of their deep and obviously lasting friendship.
Before long, half dozen large ominous carrion eaters have gathered on branches high in the willow.  They call out inviting their friends.  Black and ugly as sin, waiting as demons might to drag the spirits of men from a blood bathed battlefield.  "You see, already they've come for you.  I shall applaud all the day long while they peck you apart.  There is justice; I'm even more anxious than they just to watch then feast.  I hope they leave something for the fly puppies.  If the weather cools there might be enough left of you to last for several of their generations."   
Leona has harnessed the horse and is binding ropes to the log Patch had abandoned.
Squeaky takes notice, "Foolish wench!  Surely you would not pardon these villainous bastards?"
"Oh, and you were not just as she?" the Weaver reprimands calmly.  "As was I, and aren't we all?  Is every maiden not at least once beguiled, seduced... misled.  Most keep their balance, though some, as were you, are betrayed and do fall victim.  But I implore you now, let it go.  You must," she cautions, "lest it consume every grain of your spirit.  Nothing will remain of you--nothing."
Squeaky bitterly pleads her case to an inattentive Leona.  "Their ill intent was obvious," she rages.  "The lot of them would have bent you over that stump," screams the frantic red-haired wench while flailing the air with her arms.  "Even were you half dead."
"Leave her be," the Weaver retorts.  "Naught of your pains shall sway her and you know it.  The effort to even attempt it reflects badly upon you."
Leona tightens the ropes and hauls the log away as though the women didn't exist.  In fact, only the Weaver assembling a tapestry of the dying troll's life is aware of the interloper.
The troll pulls a heavy coin from a thong around his neck.
The talisman has a distinctive hexagonal design with strange symbols both cast and cut thereupon; it vanishes as he flips it into the air.
The Weaver smiles and compliments his action.  "Well done!  For a moment I thought we might have a loose stitch here."  She twists the thread about her finger and snaps it.  The troll's eyes close; his head nods slightly as the last of his breath escapes to mingle with the breeze.
Leona toils late into the evening, stacking layer upon layer.  At the furthest from the embankment now seven feet its depth.  An arduous task considering the damage inflicted to her shoulder this morning and a good day's work by any standard.  Perhaps 'tis fuel in excess of what might be required, but more is better than less given the task desired of it.  Raising the platform near the level of the bank was the only way she could hope to place the three brothers, each in excess of 200 pounds, onto the pyre.  People simply do not roll as well as logs.  She has had to remove the flat tailgate panel from the back of the wagon to serve as a pallet allowing the mare to haul them to the edge of the embankment.  From there she has set two long straight cedars trimmed of their branches and laid to act as a skid track upon which she may now push the pallet out to the platform's end.  The loading and unloading is bloody business.
All must be complete before dark lest she intend to guard the corpses through the night.  For if a bear or wolves were to catch the scent of all this blood the deed could be lost in turmoil.
Dusk finds Marwyn's three confident pawns, each with his weapon in hand, lying side-by-side atop the funeral pyre.  Smoke is curling up around the perimeter, rising skyward toward the vultures that have been circling all day.  None shall have a taste of these morsels unless their craving is for charcoal.
Squeaky's frail but lingering image is finally silent after 12 hours of continuous denunciation, fading away now, content she has done her best to condemn the spirits of her tormentors.
"Ashes to ash and dust to dust," Leona consoles softly, "as I've heard it said.  Let it be so for thee."  I hope this is what you wanted.  I trust you would have done the same for me.  She stands watchful as the flames rise until the platform is no place for any living thing.  Dry spindly cedars stacked between the heavier pieces ignite with the roaring temperament of a jet engine.  She has never been near a fire so hot.  Still sad for the morning's events, but thankful this ceremony was not in her honor.  Her eyes close for a moment that tears may rinse the smoke away, but not the memories, they are condemned forever to stay.
--
Marwyn and Sanaia gaze into the crystalline stone keeping watch upon their ward.  The sorceress begins to snicker quietly as the pyre rises into an inferno.  She turns to Marwyn; her tone changes to mild laughter.  "What your mercenaries have done is temper the mettle of a genuine hellion."  Sanaia continues to laugh aloud while Mark watches the pyre illuminate the surrounding forest.  Leona stands before the blaze; the light casts her shadow a hundred yards off into the meadow.
The brilliant flames and fragrant aroma of well cooked meat attract many of the forest's nocturnal predators.  A pack of wolves watch cautiously from the tree line, but none dare approach the glaring conflagration.  When they look to each other, the blaze reflected in their own eyes is startling to their comrades.  "For want of a lost horse she has become master of a singularity," Sanaia relates quietly.
"If such a weapon exists, where might it be found, I wonder?"  
"Do you really know her, sir.  Have you looked beyond the Cleric's pronouncement?" Sanaia questions.
"It would have made no difference," Marwyn relents.  "Once I informed the Henzecs there became a great urgency to repatriate the maiden.  At first yes, there were concerns for her safety and so I developed this gauntlet that her return might be justifiably avoided.  It soon became evident that even were she deaf, dumb and blind it would make no difference on her behalf.  The matter is political, they desperately need a figure head even if she only survives for a short time.  If her position can be preserved, fine, if not, if she were murdered, none could fault their noble effort and it would justify continuation of the current status-quo.  Either way there problem is solved.  The fellow in the coach," Marwyn reminds, "he spoke the word Clovin.  Inquire to your circle of its meaning."
"I shall. But look here, the inscription on the card she held after, also not part of the deck. It's not a weapon she's acquired, it's something else."
"Like what?"
"Recall you when she snatched it back from the fellow trying to trade it away from her man," Sanaia reminds.  "She swore an oath to the weapon.  What ever it is it just pledged it's fealty to her in return.  Where did that thing come from?"
"One of an assortment randomly dispersed at the game's onset.  Like everything else used to construct the game, something of a memory from one of the borrowed personalities.  As I remember you had misgivings at the time.  I even cautioned Patch before he accepted that the lad's weapon might carry some attributes."
Rueshaba! Only Rueshaba would have ever had contact with something of this nature.  Could be some sort of spell awakened by her pledge.  Oh shit!... could be a demon in the true sense of the word.  Mixing that witch with our players was a mistake, I fear. Hope your charge doesn't do anything that would dishonor her pact."
"We have nothing one might consider a demon here about," Sanaia assures. "However, I'm not knowledgeable of Rueshaba's origins other than  she's come from outside our known world and I don't mean this side of the gateway.  There must be another path, a back door, now there's a thought.  It's going to be a long and engaging night, sir." 
The inferno's intense warmth is suddenly withdrawn.  Leona opens her eyes to inquire why or where it's gone.  The blaze is absent, replaced by the smoldering logs within the game room's hearth.  There she stands once more focused upon the subtle prancing wisps of flame.  Beth has come to inquire why she's not rejoined the others around the model; it's soon her turn to play again.  Leona has a death grip on Beth's arm and speaks to herself in whispers.  "It was so real."
"Leo, you all right?" Beth asks.  "You're breaking my arm."
"Sorry!"  She turns Beth loose.  "I'm scared; I don't know what's happening here.  I mean, I was there!  I really did it, cut them to the bone."  Her voice shudders.  "I could feel the knife being drawn through them.  I swear I killed them all."
Within the spell room Sanaia has concern; memories of Leona's trials are mingling with those of her activities among the group socializing in the game room.
"The spell is not binding her as it should," pointing into the stone.  "Those memories should not invade her presence here, and I don't know how they've come to be here.  Right now she is aware in part of both places at the same time.  For the best of us this would be confounding; for her, it could be dangerously so.  I doubt she can overwhelm the Minnon, but at times she is able to challenge my binding and by so doing frees herself from the Minnon's influence.  Right now she is literally standing on the blade of a knife."  
"Can she see this space as it actually appears."
"Apparently not,"  Sanaia gestures toward the Minnon, "or you would see it that way here.  She is paying very close attention to something however."
"We must get this back under our control." Marwyn demands.  "There is not the means to steal a memory from this world. They must be parted; memories of her trials are to be known only to the Minnon."
"Do you want me to stop it?"
"No... not yet!  How would we explain that?  Everything would be reduced to hysteria.  Whatever resources are necessary, summon them here.  Find the means to separate and contain any of her thoughts not of this place.  I'm going to stay at the podium so I can calm things if the bindings unravel.  Keep me advised."
"One does not place a phone call across the boundary," Sanaia reminds.  "You of all people know the transport restrictions implied by the portal.  The only tools available are those we now possess."  
"Well!" Marwyn inhales, then exhales. " we shall have to do the best we can." He concedes as he exits.
"This is extreme," Beth admits with a weary glance, "I've never seen you stressed out."
"Are you okay?"  Leona asks.  "'Cause I'm... I don't know... I think I'm hallucinating or something.  I don't think I'm here with the rest of you.  It's been... like three days."
"Leooo! You came with us, remember?"  Glancing at her watch, Beth assures, "We've only been here about an hour and a half."
"You feel okay though," Leona repeats.  "Right?"
"Yeah! I'm super.  Hale has surrendered unconditionally to the buffet, but he'll survive."
Speaking of Hale, he's just taken a turn with the dice.  Better yet, now he gets to choose a card.  Only Sanaia delivers the cards, definitely one of the evening's high points.  He throws his head back, gazing toward the ceiling and calls to Beth.  "Hon, it's your turn.  We're about to get our heads chopped off.  You've got to come up with a scheme or some heavy coin here."
"Me!  Your the one in charge of finances," she fires back with a smirk.  "Gimmy a second; I'll come and save you." Returning her attention to Leona, she proposes, "You wanna call it a night?  I mean like Hale and I are so far down on the food chain the roaches get first dibs."
Leona shakes her head no.  "I can't leave.  That's about the only thing I'm sure of right now."
"Can't?  There's a new word for us," Beth teases with a shrug as the girls return to their seats.
Leona calls Art out on his untimely exit.  "You ran off and left me to those creeps.  Why?"
"I didn't run.  I choose to retreat."
"Retreat my ass!  You knew I was surrounded and you took off.  They were behind me; you didn't say a damn word.  I came to your aid; you cut and ran.  I saw you!"
"You saw me?  Hey, come on... the dice offered an option.
We were outnumbered by experienced fighters.  The best chance was to get out of there, fast.  You could've done the same.  There was no reason to defend that old wagon."
"I couldn't," Leona whispers in no uncertain tone, "and you knew it."
"It worked out."
"Yeah, and three people died," she hisses.
Art looks to Leona with a confused expression.  "You mean those three goons?  Yeah, right!  That was a great play; you wiped them out."
Leona places both hands to her forehead to reflect for a moment.  "Right," she whispers to herself. "Just a game, great play... shit!"
Beth consoles Hale.  "Have another cookie, I'll take care of this.  I mean really.  It can't get much worse, so things have to improve."  Beth rolls the dice.  "Ah!" she squeaks with glee.  "See, told ya!  We're going to be moved from the torture chamber to the inspection cells."
"To await execution," Hale reminds, clenching his hands.
"Hon, it's still an improvement, don't knock it."
--
Thus, the coin rolls over again, the line crossed, and we are to the realm once more.  There, as Beth had predicted, fate's come forth and spoken kindly on their behalf.  Beth and Hale stand before a table in chains flanked by their personal dungeon assistants, the extra large grim brothers.  On the opposite side sit three men, a Monk, a Scribe and a Supervisor.  All appear totally disinterested in the pair.  The Monk reads the local edition of Playboy and the supervisor sleeps while the Scribe scribbles and picks his nose.  The room is totally irregular; it looks to have been part of a mine at one time.  Rather foul water flows along the wall to one side.   Remnants of previous installations appear to be growing out of all the surfaces.  Heavily corroded iron rods, shackles and the like, no doubt it was once a hostel for migrant workers on their way to the grave.
The center of attraction is three tables connected end to end by iron latches so as to act as a single unit and still afford portability.  The first is fitted with a head stock and a series of restraining clamps.  The next supports a cradle arranged to guide a sharpened wooden stake.  And the last, the machine's engine, anchors a rack-and-pinion driven plunger articulated on either side by heavy spoked hand wheels.  The assembly conveniently straddles a drainage trench cut into the floor from which a conduit leads off toward the stream.  Sharpened stakes about eight feet long have been piled against the adjacent wall, apparently they are consumable items dispensed on a one-per-customer basis.
An attendant notices the device has caught Hale's attention.  Prick that he is, he approaches with a big grin, placing a massive hairy but consoling arm around Hale's shoulders.  "Ya might ah heard 'bout dis while yau's in the pit; we call it ah shishkebaber.  Wanna try er out, laddie?"  He leers at Beth for a moment, then closes his act with an eerie slow-motion chuckle.
The designate administrator furls his brow, glancing from there beneath and with but a wiggle of his finger issues a firm instruction that the fool should get lost.  The old Monk, wild hair, green teeth, dark robes, and deathly somber personality finally acknowledges the couple's existence.  "His most esteemed and benevolent Lord Mishoff has decreed you both shall be impaled when next the moon fails to rise lest 100 coins of gold are paid on your behalf to compensate for the injuries you've imposed upon His Lordship's faithful servant.
Beth has to ask, just for the record.  "What about our trial?"
The Monk's lack of expression says it all.  "Now then, who will come forth to discharge your debt?"  Silence ensues, the Monk clears his throat slinging a hefty green slimer on the floor.  "Name those who are to be petitioned."
Beth replies with some hesitation.  "Well, Ahmm, you see, we just moved into town, and... Ah.  I left all my credit cards at the shop; do you take plastic, by the way?  Everyone does these days, you know it's the trend."  The monk narrows his gaze.  "No!"  She turns to Hale.  "Do we have a plan, any kind of plan?"  Hale shakes his head negatively.
"Enough!  His most generous Lord Mishoff has provided a scribe to plead for your life to friends and kinsman; be wise in your choice of words."  He waves them on to his associate.  "Bring the next."
The Scribe, starved, wilder hair, no teeth, loincloth, smiles and readies his charcoal stick.
"Hale," Beth says somewhat grimly, "I think this is our lawyer."
--
Leona presence has come again to the meadow and Sanaia is quick to relieve some of Marwyn's anxiety.  Informing him that his subject has returned to the Minnon's domain of her own accord.  There, Leona views the residue of a long hard day's work put to the torch.  The pyre, now reduced to a bed of seething coals blanketed by eight inches of light gray ash will guard the secrets of yesterday.  For not the slightest token remains of those for whom it was set.  Even the iron of their weapons appears to have been consumed.
Until now, death and the ceremonies associated with it have never been a topic of concern.  Everyone just sort of goes along with the program: dig a hole, drop them in, pile the flowers on top, and try to forget.  With this, however, she has developed an appreciation of her opponent's philosophy.  "If any deed could free a person's spirit, surely this is it."  Reduced to basics and consigned to the breeze is certainly a more refreshing thought than laying in a water-logged pit and slowly being consumed by bacteria and worms."
A corpse, first refrigerated, then thawed, drained, prodded, pickled, polished, and arrange for display, seems a grossly misplaced gesture.  And to what end?  Why perpetuate grief?  Why would anyone want to forever imprison those they love within a concrete shrouded cavity.  Surely, to remember one who is truly missed requires not that their carcass be sealed up beneath a granite signpost.  Which raises a very interesting question: why has she never been to a funeral before?  All of her friends have lost family.  Where are my relatives anyway?  Certainly there must be someone aside from Pap and Granny.  Within moments the bundle of wild flowers she has cast upon the hot ash have joined with her vanquished adversaries.
If she intends to leave the meadow--and she does--there is little doubt the wagon and most of its contents must be abandoned.  There's been no sign of Art since his untimely exit yesterday morning.  Apparently he never looked back or he would have known the conflict was resolved.  Their relationship has been on the skids anyway and his lack of commitment could hardly be more obvious.  "So be it," she proclaims quietly.
In spite of its appearance, the curious blade she's come away with has proven more than capable, almost frighteningly so in fact.  That transaction was the best deal she's ever made.  For had she attempted a defense with the burdensome long sword last evening would have been her funeral, not her attackers'.  Though recent experience has shown some logistical modifications may be in order to streamline the efficient handling of it.  Reflecting now, she remembers how distracting it was to have the scabbard waggling about and painfully banging against the side of her knee as she ran to Art's assistance.  And it was awkward to withdraw, the loose scabbard actually resisted the blade's removal until she restrained it with her left hand.  Tenth of a second here, quarter second there, these could exceed any margin of safety and result in a fatal error.  Lashing the scabbard's end to her thigh like a gun fighter's holster doesn't help either as it positions the hilt in a clumsy relationship with her hand and even further restricts her ability to sprint.  The key is to have it totally out of my way, she muses, yet instantly accessible.  An analytical approach soon finds the scabbard's end laced through a hole she's punched in the outward side of her left shoe and the business end strapped to her calf just below the knee.  In this way the weapon is totally secured, not flopping about as before when she jogs back and forth or sprints at full speed.  And the hilt is closer to hand allowing that the blade be withdrawn from such a low profile that the rising motion is an effective close quarters death blow from the moment it clears the sheath, upward, left to right. 
The balance of the day is devoted to sorting and assessing the value of every item at her service.  By dusk she has reduced her estate to about 150 pounds of necessities and high quality tradables--most notable among these the long sword Art abandoned.  What remains is Art's share, she concludes; and besides, he did get away with all the cash.  Morning is soon enough to hit the road; it's too late now and it may be her last opportunity to sleep under a roof.  For the evening's remainder, she sips tea, reassesses relationships, and further contemplates her perplexing lack of relatives till she's fallen asleep.
Much chirping and pain presently heralds dawn's first glimmers.  Her shoulder has become unforgiving, her left arm rendered nearly useless.  Dropping cautiously to the ground she half expects to find Art under the wagon rehearsing excuses, but he remains AWOL.  Frankly, it's somewhat of a relief, for never again could she trust him.
Here left arm is nearly useless and her shoulder is throbbing.  After considerable experimentation she manages to ready the mare by hoisting the saddle from a tree limb, then backing her mount under it.  Securing a makeshift litter proves no less a task.  By early afternoon she's abandoned the campsite, choosing the same direction taken by Snob and company; may they never meet.  Her maps show only scattered farms for the next two days' trot.  It's not going to be a pleasant journey, for even the mare's gentle joggling motion is unkind to her tenderized shoulder.  Concerns that it may be dislodged or fractured plague her thoughts.
Rigging the litter required much longer than expected and she's not progressed as far as she had hoped by day's end.  A grove of broad low trees catches her attention, or rather that of her nose.  Covered with fuzzy white and pinkish blooms of remarkably pleasant aroma, the flowers appear as tufts of cotton candy--a country carnival favorite of hers.   Hundreds of small, spotted, grayish-blue flutterbys swirl about the trees seemingly unable to have enough of it.
While painfully striking flint to iron in hopes of conjuring up a hot cup of tea, a huntsman's horn comes to ear.  The trumpeting is soon accompanied by a great, fast approaching rumbling of hooves.  She rises from the fire making to steady her mount lest it rail against the commotion and scatter her worldly possessions.  Well she has, for the forest lane soon expels a thundering assembly of knights in armor of the practical rather than ceremonious variety.  Shortly thereafter a contingent of squires follows guiding a herd of packhorses.  They pass by with neither a nod nor fare-thee-well.  What might incite such great haste? she speculates.  Were they retreating or rushing to someone's defense?  Anything failing or unable to heed that ominous horn would have surely been trampled and she is thankful to have been off the road.  But such is not her primary concerns, what is are the aching muscles, her nearly disabled shoulder and the scent of rain presently upon the breeze.  Dragging all that fuel and those three goblins to their final reward has taken more out of her than first suspected.  Much remains to do, and painfully so, unless she chooses to wager against the weather.  A poor bet given dark clouds are on the horizon up wind of her position.
Several pieces of thin but tightly woven linen stitched together into a tarp are the mainstay of her housing system.  Not waterproof, but no matter, for geometry is the key.  Choosing a low nearly horizontal branch, she places the two poles from her litter directly beneath about a yard apart.  Each is set upon flat stones to keep them above the ground.  One side of the sheet is rolled around the first pole to secure it then pulled taut over the branch.  What remains is then wound around the second pole.  By this the tarp is securely anchored along its entire length on both sides without the need of stakes, tie-downs or tent poles.  The construction project is a painful, cautious and awkward proposition.  If the clouds should melt, any water seeping through will cling to the underside until gravity bids it drip free of the pole's lower edge keeping her relative dry.  Or at least that is the plan.
Upon the two horizontal poles, our Girl Scout places a layer of locally supplied short sticks to cross between them as a platform.  Next, a mat of fresh pine boughs are installed over the flooring.  By this her sleeping platform remains six inches above the dampness and most of the little things that scurry about the ground in search of something to bite.  Food, clothing, and such are bundled up and stashed at the end against the tree's trunk for safekeeping.  Finally her blanket upon the boughs of pine is laid and a lace work of leather cords strung hither and yon across the tent's open end.  Several metal utensils are discreetly attached to dangle therefrom and chime an alarm if her castle is invaded.  Lastly, her sword withdrawn, tethered to her wrist, and placed conveniently at hand.  Though this may have seemed more enterprise than value received; better the effort than sitting all the night, cold, miserable and soaked like a sponge.  For in this day and age the idiom, to catch your death, meaning pneumonia, is no joke.  Sleep is not fast in coming, her aching shoulder sees to that.  The waning moon arrives casting shadows upon her bed chamber's ceiling allowing her watch a lizard's silhouette cautiously surveying this strange new terrain.
And the rain did come more by the pail than in drops of dew.  And the wind did blow mightily as well, so much so that it became necessary to disarm her alarms if ever she were to get some sleep.  And speaking of sponges here they are now.  Two brothers of the Sandal-Wood order on a pilgrimage to the mountains have come upon Leona's cocoon.  They however had allowed their rain storm insurance to expire and thoroughly disproved the theory, shelter, if needed, could be found along the way.  Completely drenched, they look to the bright side.  Making fun of their soggy state and sport of one more fortunate.  "Look at this if ya please!" one confides to the other.  "Here are we soaked through and suffering a dreadful night."
"By our own foolishness, if I may add," his associate concludes.
"Thank you... for that clarification brother; may I continue?"
"Yes, please do."
"As I was saying; and yet, in spite of our sad state this lad still lazes about two hours after the dawn... snug as a bug in a fine wool rug.  There seems no justice, do you think?"
"Perhaps the fates thought it time we had a bath?  I'm sure we shall dry soon enough, within the next few days at least.  This fellow's preparations are very sensible.  I'm thinking, might we learn something here?"
The small donkey accompanying the good brothers blurts out his dissatisfaction with both being ignored and restrained from joining Leona's mare for breakfast conversation.  "HHEeee-HAAaawwww!"
Leona bolts to a sitting position, blade at the ready and quite prepared to repel borders.  A large frumpy toad having joined her late in the evening sits at her feet, warily keeping one eye on each and wondering what sort of stew he's hopped into.  She fixes her gaze on the two inquisitive, pot-bellied old coots peeking into her tent.  They appear to have been standing, until recently, fully dressed under a waterfall.
"Has it been raining?" Leona inquires.
The sound of her voice verifies what their eyes have just realized.  "Oh dear, 'Tis a maiden."  They back away so as not to give her alarm.  "Please excuse our blundering, milady.  We mean you no distress, I assure."
"No disrespect intended, my friend and I thought you a vagabond as we.  Wondering if perhaps a spot of tea might be shared, or rumors of things hereabout."
Leona moves to the gateway of her repose, "Yes, I would consider trading a pot of tea and even a measure of toast for some local news."
One fellow shrugs his shoulders and smiles.  "Alas milady, there is not a dry twig to be found for at least half a day yet."
In no time her sleeping platform is disassembled and a blazing fire warms body, spirit, tea, and toast alike.  One of her guests produces a crock of olive oil, adding a wonderful accent to their daily bread.  With a meager but satisfying meal under their robes, both now stand totally unencumbered of modesty facing the wonderfully warm fire, their garments unraveled and held out at arms length to dry.  Politely facing away from their host, one might add; even though it was by her invitation they dry themselves thus before catching a chill.
The morning is alive with the chatter of birds.  All are wishing each other well at the storm's conclusion and glad to have had a bath.  Every newly formed puddle has acquired at least one little green frog, each extolling with great exuberance to any lady frog who will listen the benefits of his company and the opportunity presently at hand.
The brothers have dried and warmed to their satisfaction.  "May we take note of your shelter?" one asks.  Leona bids them proceed with a nod and courteous wave of her hand.
"I cannot wonder enough at the perfect way in which this  structure of nearly nothing has functioned."
"What manner of cloth staves off such a down pouring?"
"Feel it," she implores.  "It's soaked; there's nothing special about it.  Nearly any type of material would do, though being of a smooth surface is necessary.  'Tis the steepness of it, sir.  Water is so anxious to follow its course it avoids the opportunity to drip."
"I have seen a drop of water act as you say, but never concluded the usefulness of this theory."  Another matter plays upon my mind.  "I hope I shall not risk your displeasure."
"Go for it!"
"You favor your left arm so, have you been hurt?"
Choosing not to recount the unpleasant details of her christening, she lies.  "Lost an argument with a tree limb; I was dismounted and found myself upon the rocks."
"Brother Jahnis has a skillful knowledge of these things.  If you would allow him, with all due respect, to examine the damage?  Perchance we may assist."
Leona unlatches several of the loops that act as buttons on her shirt.  Thus, exposing the sorrowful state of her shoulder.  Painful-looking bruises extend from her neck to her elbow.  The skin has not been broken, but seriously abraded with some slight bleeding.  Taking great care not to antagonize, Jahnis employs a firm but gentle prodding of the structure.  He concludes the damage is superficial.
"It has not slipped from the joint, nor do I think it broken.  But some mending is due.  Time is needed most of all," he advises.  Nodding to his traveling companion, "Brother, would you bring my preparations?"  A narrow wooden chest soon arrives upon the scene.  Several small clay crocks and pouches of aromatic powders are arranged for his craft.  With mortar and pestle he grinds and blends a balm of thistle, camphor, oil of clove, and other things better left unknown; else, the DEA might take offense at their origins.  Cautiously now, he applies a dab of it in small swirling motions over the bruise.
The aroma is pleasant and natural, not like any fragrance she is familiar with.  Closings her eyes she slowly inhales the vapors; her nose tingles with the scent, then becomes totally numb.  In fact, her shoulder has ceased to exist, too.  This stuff is definitely not an over-the-counter product.  With a thin wooden spatula Jahnis scoops the remainder of the paste from the mortar into a tiny clay cup, folds a patch of soft leather over the top and secures it with a thong.  "Apply just a tiny bit when you retire each night; 'twill soothe the hurting and soften the skin that the touch of your garments do not offend."
"I have things there to trade," Leona entreats, pointing toward the bundles at the back of the tent.  "Choose what you will."
"Even my dear mother would not burn her bed to warm the likes of we two," Jahnis assures.  "My brother and I are pleased we could offer some assistance in consideration of your kindness.  Now, hasten we must to be where we are expected by mid-day the morrow."
"Could you by chance tell me anything of the way home?" Leona inquires softly.
"Home is where you began; thus, one could return by going back the way they came, I suppose."
Unless you are as we," his brother adds, "then home is wherever you find yourself at the moment.  Does that help?"
"I'm sure it will; I'll add your thoughts to what I've learned."  Each offers good wishes and farewells, then the brothers are again upon their merry way.  Though her shoulder seems absent from the facilities at her command, the sense of feeling below the elbow seems in reasonable working order.  The tarp has dried and reconstructing the litter is not near as demanding as the day before.
Though heavy cloud cover remains and those to the south are dark and foreboding, she really must move on.  Such risks are most common in reality, but easily dismissed in the context of a game, at least until last evening.  If I'm caught in a thundershower, I'm going to get wet, and mosquito bites are accumulating.  These are not the sort of hazards one comes upon at the roll of the dice.  Revelations of this sort have thrown her priorities into a state of flux.  The simplest of daily problems are now of consequence.  Why is there no option to simply quit and go home?  If things had gone badly back at the wagon... would I be dead?   Why did Art flee; is he aware of something I am not?  But, wasn't I just talking to him a few minutes ago... or was that... days ago?  This couldn't be going on for days; that's not possible.  How does this play engage all the senses?  The breeze ruffles my hair, the birds and crickets serenade, the fire felt warm, the oil had an appealing taste, and the road is there, right before my eyes.  But where have the other players gone?

Chapter-6

THE CHILDREN CHASE THE DRAGONS AWAY 
WHILE THEIR PARENTS PLAY IN THE FIELDS ALL DAY.

Another day has passed into early afternoon before further signs of the citizenry come to view.  An occasional cottage or garden plot in the distance, a field with a cow or two, but all seem unattended.  The road winds its way along the edge of a rocky embankment.  Several piles of flat stones have been extracted from the shale, but the carts and even tools have been abandoned.  What could be so urgent?
An hour more along the lane and lest she be deceived, voices are near at hand.  Just around the stand of pines she now approaches; children giggle and call to one another as if at play.  Indeed, she discovers there are four, running about the meadow adjacent to a small cottage just ahead.  The three youngest, two girls about six years of age and a wobbly lad not more than two, are cautiously threshing the knee-high grass with sticks.  They advance in a line adjacent to one another as though herding crickets along for the family's chickens.  The fourth, a lad of perhaps ten acts as the trail boss.  He follows behind the others carrying a wooden rake in a defensive posture as though about to attack something; a snake perhaps.
They are distracted but for a moment by Leona's arrival, aside from the older lad who knows a pretty girl when he sees one.  Now, leaning on the rake's handle as if it's been a real tough day, he smiles and waves.  Leona dismounts and approaches.  "Good day to you, sir.  Are your parents home?  I wish to ask for directions."
"Naa, they're all down to the crossing till dark."
"And which way might that be, if you please?"
The lad points in the direction she was headed.  Their brother having broken the ice, the others abandon their games and come to meet the stranger.  They seem amused that she is not wearing a skirt.
"What name do you answer to?" Leona inquires.
"Orion, who are you?"
"My name is Leona, pleased to meet you, Orion."  Her respectful tone raises a smile.
"Are these your brother and sisters?"  He nods a yes.  "What are you looking for?"
One of the young ladies is quick to exclaim with giddy enthusiasm, "dragons!"
"You mean they're so small they can hide in the grass?  I always thought they were much larger."
"Naa!"  The young man clarifies, "they're really little, they can hide anywhere.  That's how come none ever sees um."
"Hum... very good logic, actually.  Like a rabbit?"
"Lot smaller I think.  Ain't never seen one."
A trumpet calls out from the distance.  One of the young girls immediately takes the little boy's hand and pulls him back from the roadside.  They run toward the cottage; the other young lady wisely follows.  Leona leads her mare well off the roadway.  Whereas the man in charge takes a defiant stance in the middle of the lane, leaning a bit for a preview of what will soon come thundering past.  The sound of approaching horsemen is alarmingly apparent.  Not until the teams turn the corner bearing down on his position does the young lad dash back toward the road's edge.  The other children, now safely on the porch of the cottage, watch fearfully as their brother defies the most powerful machines of the day.
A flatbed wagon supported by double axles at both ends and drawn with four teams rumbles past.  A whirlwind of debris and gravel rises in its wake.  The lad turns his back to the onslaught but stands his ground.  The wagon's bed is thick and reinforced with iron straps.  Springs as long as a man is tall support the axles.  Thereupon sits a large strongbox of riveted iron plates securely chained down to rings along the wagon's length.  Two more heavy wagons soon follow; both appear to carry flat iron plates.
The lad shakes the dust from his head and berates their foolish efforts.  "They'll never catch it in that dumb thing."
Leona inquires.  "Catch it?"
"The dragon," he explains in a tone as much to say, you're not paying attention, dummy.
"Right!"  Leona concedes with an affirmative shake of her head.
"It'll burn that thing up like tinder.  Ain't no way ya can catch one."
The danger having passed, the three youngest have resumed their quest.  Leona takes her leave and is preparing to mount up when one of the girls screams.  "I found it."  The little darling has both hands firmly about her dragon swatter and proceeds to thrash a clump of tall grass for all she's worth.  Her sister joins the fray.
Leona and the lad with his rake rush to the conflict.  Upon arriving the girls are off toward the side of the cottage, giggling.
One exclaims to the other, "Let's find another," and they rush off toward the rear yard.
Examining the dragon's lair, the lad frowns then follows his sisters away, shaking his head with notable disappointment.  Leona stoops to find the remains of a bird's nest.  Several scrambled eggs are mingled with the moss and straw.  The youngest boy now appears on the scene.  Not to be left out, he swats the nest with his stick.  Glancing to Leona, he then dashes off to join the rural dragon-disposal unit.  At times it can be difficult to appreciate the ignorance of youth.
She eases the remains aside to reveal a single unbroken egg well beneath the debris.  Hello!  A survivor!  From its location, it must have bounced out or slipped through the twigs during the attack.  Fragile and helpless, it begs to be rescued; she accepts the challenge.  I can't leave you to those little gremlins.
Cradling the egg in her palm, she tears a bit of cloth from an item on the litter and folds it loosely over the egg several times.  For lack of a pocket tucking the little bundle into her bosom for safekeeping.  She then mounts up and continues upon her way. 
The troubling inconsistencies of the game have been momentarily offset by a greater duty--that of finding a bird's nest, where for better or worse she might deposit her newly adopted charge.  By evening the tree-lined road fades to open pastures dotted with small barns and haystacks.  Quite a to-do appears in the works ahead.  Horses, wagons, carts, and small groups of people line the roadway.  Approaching the activities, she notices nearly everyone is carrying some long-handled tool or weapon; this is not a typical social gathering.  Conversations are hushed and the air is tense; serious business is afoot here.
Rows of peasants, 40 abreast, cautiously advance through the fields on both sides of the lane thrashing at the brush with hoes and rakes as they sweep across the landscape.  Many wear leather aprons and some have donned helmets.  Without exception everyone carries some type of shield.  Obviously the children were mimicking these maneuvers, but it's doubtful these folks are looking for bird's nests.  
A rear guard of a dozen or so follows several yards behind each rank; each of them carrying a crock or pail.  Mounted soldiers, they and their steeds extensively protected, prance about in what appears a supervisory capacity.  The activity seems geared toward herding or attempting to provoke an attack by something thought to be hiding in the brush.
Leona is greeted with friendly smiles and gestures as her mount trots by the gatherings; she acknowledges in kind.  Additional groups similar to those patrolling the fields are forming up in the adjacent meadow.  By ones and fives, on foot and horseback, by the cart full and wagon load, all have come to fight the mouse.
Not being an especially hot nor humid day, why then is she beginning to sweat?  This confrontation is not nearly the sort of battle one has come to anticipate in a roll playing game.  Writers of fantasy and daydreamers alike would be embarrassed to present such a minuscule challenge compared to the dragons of lore.  If it's a game, she ponders, why aren't the dragons bigger, slinging fire-balls and tearing everything apart?  It stands to reason they would be more like what she has come to expect--huge bright red things, soaring through the air upon leathery wings with mouth and talons agape--as in the movies.  Not some mouse hiding in a field.  Everything is out of context here.  It's reality and that is not a good sign.  I've never been so unsure of what's happening!
Hints of passing conversations attest to the population's collective concern.
"I've heard an entire troop of Whyian's guard was burned up in a flash," one excited fellow relates.  "They was camping outside a cave in Howeria valley.  Next thing, they was gone."  The storyteller's audience lingers on every terrible detail and he loves it.  Hasn't had so much attention since he dragged himself from a pond with a big old snapping turtle clamped down on his toe.
"Was right there it happened, night 'fore last," another exclaims, pointing toward a thatched cottage a quarter mile off the road. "Burned Hebb's dog to a crisp.  They's lucky it didn't come in the house ferum."
"Did ya hear 'bout the witch got one tied to a stick?"
"What good'll that be?" a curious lad inquires with a wide-eyed grin.
"Can't turn around ta get at'er." He rebutts.  "Points that stick at folks, woosssh!  End of um!"
Rusted armor and shields of every kind, most severely dented and poorly maintained, are being dispensed from carts along the roadside.  Stacks of heavy leather aprons are piled near at hand for those who prefer more mobility over the security of iron.
The fleet's battleship, the self-same wagon that earlier tested young master Orion's courage, waits ominously for its terrifying prisoner.  The lad was right.  The device is so incredibly cumbersome as to be on a par with the Maginot line, its only practical intent, to assure the population that their lords and masters are willing to expend vast sums on their behalf.
A wooden ramp floored with plates of iron has been attached to the side of the bed extending outward perhaps fifty feet into the field.  Metal barriers have been erected on either side to restrain and direct anything herded onto the ramp toward the waiting iron chest.  Additional interlocking plates are being set up in the field creating a flared funnel-like barricade narrowing as it approaches the ramp.  No less than eight men toil to set each iron segment in place.  All in all it appears a contrivance for gathering randomly fired cannon shot.  The commander of this weapons system is a stout fellow of morbid self-sacrificing disposition.  Tightly clenched in his fist is the chain.  What chain you may wonder? the one holding the trigger in check which releases a massive spring-loaded drop door.
A platform erected above the strong box supports two ceramic vessels with pour spouts.  Likely they should bear a skull and crossbones.  These are set upon cradles, likewise spring-actuated, causing them to pivot automatically when the drop door strikes a releasing mechanism as it seals.  Apparently the plan is to drown this menacing demon.  A masterpiece of Rub Goldberg Defense Contracting the likes of which only the higher echelons of the Pentagon would dare attempt to justify.  Any creature requiring this level of containment is not going to back down from those fools in the fields, she assures herself, however many there may be.
Every device of such extremes requires an active ingredient; this charade is no different.  Well off to itself on a patch of rocky ground, noticeably unattended by the curious, sits a stout wagon.  Thereupon a huge ceramic crock, taller than a man in fact, with iron reinforcing bands drawn tight around its perimeter.  A lid with the appearance of a sorcerer's tall hat, tapers upward to a narrow vent which sputters and chokes as it expels a yellowish vapor.  Two brave fellows draped in heavy leather robes and wearing long pointed shrouds over their heads with tiny mica windows are in attendance.  They dispense the tanker's payload into ceramic buckets and ferry them to the roadside.  The dousers, as she has heard them referred too, gather the crocks and form up as the second rank of each contingent sweeping the fields.  "Hhooollllyyyyy Sshhhiiiitttt!"
One such douser, obviously uncomfortable with his assigned task, sets a bucket on the ground as Leona's mount trots near.  He's wearing rigid boots with metal shields, mitts, and a leather apron laced up the back like a hospital gown.  The hem extends well below the tops of his boots and the collar is cinched tightly around his neck.  The fellow appears as a two-legged cow turned inside out and wearing a tin hat.
"What have ya got there that warrants such anxiety?"  Leona inquires.
The man picks up a rusted forearm guard from the roadside.  He turns away, shielding his face as he cautiously slips it over the edge of the pail.  The liquid boils up around the armor as it dissolves amidst a dense cloud of yellowish fog-like vapor, an apparition the fearful fellow is careful to avoid.
"Aquaregia!"  She cautions, looking toward the ranks of people combing the fields.  "What are those fools doing?"
A robust old fellow with thick silver hair and the manner of a tradesman offers up his opinion.  "Ah dragon's come 'mong us, er so they say.  That poison is thought ta be the only remedy.  I'd venture all this is more an excuse ta avoid several days' chores, but call it what ya will."
"This seems not the best approach.  Your dragon could be no worse company than an acid of that strength, and in open buckets!  I can't believe it."
Elsewhere, but not to far away, a strapping young man with a short beard speculates as oft they do regarding unfamiliar females who venture into their domain.  "Don't see many that choice wearing pants and riding ah horse full saddle.  All ta herself I'd say, toting her things along behind like that.  That sort be ah fine time spent up in Billy's loft, then on her way again without another thought 'bout it, I'd say."
His friend nods in agreement, pointing out Art's weapon; "There, tucked in 'longside 'er saddle, not the kinda thing ye find lying around, is it?  Probably belonged to ah fella thinking 'long the same lines as you.  Got another strapped on her leg, too.  Funny that, but she's got more iron than the constable's a carrying."
"Ya worry too much," the lad responds as to justify his amorous fantasies.
"I'd 'spect she'd hand your brass right back to ya on ah tinker's tray," his friend muses with a cautious smirk.
"'Member that lad up on the hillside over to Correy," another pleasantly reminds, "couple years back?  'E run afoul one of'em gypsy wenches.  'E just sorta squeaks and whizzes when 'e tries ta talk 'ese days.  Had ah little blade fixed to'er ring; nearly cut 'is throat.  Got clean away with 'is goats, took 'is still, and 'is boots too and near about all 'is clothes."
"They always got 'least one more hid in their boot, too," adds another cautious lad.  "That dragon out there... be ah pleasure ta do business with compared ta ah gypsy wench if'in ye get'er spitten mad."
Fact is, none have the nerve to approach and they care not to have their friends try and succeed where they themselves dare not tread.  Of course there is always one who considers this sort of rhetoric a challenge.  Taking up the gauntlet, a tall, slim fellow approaches Leona with a assured smile.  He bows in a very gentlemanly manner and makes his pitch.  "Conall Esail at ya service milady.  
We've nearly got us a full regiment; four more and Lord Hem 'ill sponsor us.  Join our ranks, ya could share ah purse of ah thousand in silver.  I'd stand with ya, keep ye from harm at my peril, I would."
"A gracious offer, sir," Leona concedes.  "But I'm traveling and quite anxious to get to where I should be."
"Tiring pursuit that; you'll be wanting ah good night's rest then.  I know ah fine loft would be put at ya disposal," he assures confidently, "'long with a fair measure ah ale ta keep ye warm.  And good sweet hay enough ta suit your mare, too."
Leona affords him a smile for such gallant effort.  The fellow's pick-up lines are far more eloquent than the roguish BS she's heard at the campus sports bar.
Her self-appointed silver-haired knight laughs, coming to her rescue in a jestful manner.  "I know this scalawag," he muses colorfully, "and 'tis not ah dragon's tail 'ee has on is mind either."  She cannot but blush with a chuckle in appreciation of her new advisor's discreet implications.
Much to her young suitor's delight, she leads her mare off the road and dismounts.  "I've had no better offer, sir, be assured, but still I must decline.  Even for one night I dare not tarry or the way could be lost."  The lad is disappointed, but his broken heart will probably mend within the hour, unless he spies another pretty maid sooner.  Nodding respectfully, he rejoins his friends.  A gentleman he was indeed, as few she knows of his age are willing to accept a lady's first 'no' for an answer.  Nor the second or third in fact and she will probably not be privately vilified, cursed, or slandered for declining.
More curious than she's willing to admit, Leona returns her attention to the old gent who playfully scuttled the lad's advance.  "I know little of dragons and even less of slaying them.  I'm told they're very small," she waves her arms aside. "How is it possible then to find one hiding out there?"
"Same way as needles are found if ya lost one in a haystack--when ya sit on it."  He assures with ah cherry grin.  "These fools think their quarry's going ta burn off the end ah some fellow's hoe and give its self away.  From what I've heard of'em it'll hardly be that.  I expect you'd see ah whole rank of'em turn ta cinder and half ah acre set to burning.  And the rest, they'll be a running in all directions like the sorcerer's demons was up their arses."
The old fellow approaches and casually alludes to the exposed hilt of Art's weapon with a glance.  "Don't know where ya might av found that, don't care either, none ah my business.  Might save ya some grief if'en it were more out of sight, though."  She acknowledges his counsel with a discreet nod, glances about to see if anyone is paying her any mind.  Thus assured, she retrieves a small blanket from the litter and flips it over her mare's back and the saddle.  "That'll do," he advises with a smile. 
"Somehow, I don't imagine there's really a dragon to be found," Leona quietly speculates.  "But the open pails of acid, I can't believe the risk they assume carrying that around in the fields.  What's the purpose?"
"If the advance rank is attacked," he concludes somewhat sorrowfully, "they're the bait, ya see.  The second row is ta douse the area with that vile poison."
"They throw it at each other!"  Leona's face turns pale.  "You can't be serious," she insists.
"Doubt it would make ah difference to'em that've stirred the little devil up.  Never heard of any that's throwed ah pail yet," he consoles, "but ah fews been spilt.  Misfortune always attends when that stuff's around."
"What about the iron box?"  Leona asks, nodding toward the heavy wagon.
"A beauty ain't it?  Some fool, likely ah wizard, has convinced another fool, likely His Lordship, that if one could be caught it could be tamed and used as ah weapon like the packs of dogs that attend His Lordship's soldiers."  With that the fellow breaks into a jolly good laugh.  "Or they had nothing better ta do with half the iron in all the land."
"Has it ever happened?  Have they ever actually found one?"
"Not yet in my lifetime," he assures, "but some has claimed ta see'em and there are whispers ah their comings and goings in the past.
"What do they look like?" she continues to prod.
He clasps his hands together and shrugs.  "That's the problem, no one really knows; and those who do ain't telling.  If one was sitting plain as day upon ah rock, long as it didn't burn something up they would pass it by.  This foolishness usually begins when there comes ah fire none can account of.  The first accounts ah such are over four hundred years in the retelling and the tale they tell far more distant than that.  Been ah lot of bull heaped on top ah the pile over all them years.  But the walls ah both cities and the bridge tween'um still stand in a place near the winter's setting sun."
"Cities?" Leona repeats.
"Not just cities--great cities, least so I hear told.  One on either side of a river as deep as any sea; ah river so swift no boat might cross.  Ruled by brothers, they say, with eight kingdoms bound ta each and each wanting what the other had, acourse.  Neither side could sire an heir 'cause they was poisoning each other's children quick as they was born.  Hatred got so intense, heard it said even the birds refused ta sing.  Both cities was sealed up with powerful curses when the dragon came and none have dared ta enter either since."
"Then no one knows if the dragons ever got in?"
"No my dear, way it was told ta me, gates were bound ta keep it from getting out.  What order there was twixt the Kingdoms, and even within, soon come ta feuds among the elders.  Everyone desired ta be the new master, 'twas just as well none could reach the bridge.  Fur ya see, it begins and ends within the walls; ya must first enter one ah the cities to cross over.  Legend would have it was their own father locked them in and created the demon ta end it."
"Locked them in!"
"Yes!  They say travelers from that region claim the seals are still bound ta the outside ah the gates.
"Hordes of gold guarded by dragons," Leona smiles, "the classic scenario."
"The greatest kingdoms are not destroyed by pestilence nor invaders."  The old fellow assures, "When there's much ta be had 'tis the greed 'mongst'em that pulls the foundations from under their mighty walls and brings 'em ta their end.  Now ya know as much of dragons as I," he assures.
"That's a teaser for sure."
"If the creature these buffoons pursue is anything like that of fable, ya can see their efforts are fur naught."
"As you are such a wealth of information, may--"
"The way home is the way ya going, though 'tis round about the place ya seek.  Stay with the valley; by day's end ya come upon an inn.  Now I must take up my hay fork and rejoin the folly lest I be excused from the great feasting come day's end.  Fare-thee-well, milady."
"Thank you kind sir," she declares with a gracious nod, then mounts up.  From upon her mare she looks straight to Master Esail, whom she suspects has been keeping an eye in her direction since she declined his generous proposition, she waves.  His continued interest is confirmed, for he bows immediately as one of his buddies wraps him on the shoulder in just.  Who knows, perhaps she will have occasion to pass this way again and so be inclined to look him up.
Most amazing is how close the structure of this entire dragon affair resembles the present-day situation of her own post 911 world.  She wonders if there must not be a text which has been passed from one king, pope, dictator, prim minister, or president to another over the centuries.  For all this farce lacks are colored pennants proclaiming the current dragon terror alert level to keep the peasants ignorant, happily taxed and ever dependent and upon their leaders for guidance and protection.
The Brobose Inn is conveniently located, and not so by chance, midway between Mosheum, the principal city, and the two major villages along the primary route to the border with Sorin.  A rest stop for travelers from the eastern provinces and social gathering place for all who wish to gather socially.  It's preceded only by its reputation for the finest bitter ales, the sweetest blackberry wine, and by all accounts the best venison stews to be had anywhere in the land.
'Tis a grand structure crafted of hand-hewed beams and dressed fieldstone with generous helpings of stucco plaster to smooth things over.  The roof of split cedar shingles has acquired an accommodating, thick plush layer of dark green moss, the better to keep the heat in come winter and most of the rain out.  Steeply pitched, the roof supports a concoction of dormers with tightly shuttered windows, glass being a luxury even for the wealthiest of merchants.  Two massive stone chimneys stand as sentries, one to either side, their portals blackened by the constant need to replenish the stew pots.  A stout thatched barn lies directly behind, more or less attached by a wide covered breezeway--respite for drunkards and beast alike and a source of great adventure and endless delight for the handsome young lad who tends the stock.  For indeed, the country maidens who bring cream and eggs for the cooks always find some excuse, however lean, to visit there.
The Inn sits amidst a stand of magnificent oaks,  fortunate are they to have survived the construction, as such fine logs are always in demand.  This foresight well worth the sacrifice when one considers the value of their shade come the summer's heat.  The cock of the walk, a bouquet of flaming colors, prances proudly about assuring all his plump feathered ladies they are secure in their endless search for bugs.  Doorman, a great floppy old hound, lay near the entry keeping a sharp nose on the comings and goings.  Hardly to ever open his eyes, otherwise, lest the scent of Cele, his arch nemesis treads upon the air.  She, a sly half wild house cat, who raids his food dish when he's been distracted and regulates the Inn's mouse population.
Upon entering, one may choose to the right for a restful sit-down meal or to the left for those more interested in spirits and the news of the day.  The owner, one Mr. Jagat Bose, who acts also as the barkeep, being the most reliable source.  For everyone has a tale to tell and he has all the day but to listen.  And thus, well abreast of every rumor, romance, real-estate transaction, farce, fable and funeral within thirty miles, which is to say near all the world.  His post, the standup bar, occupies one side with a wide entrance into the kitchen just behind.  A grand stone fireplace commands the opposite side of the room.  There within, the spit supports a sizzling rack of venison.  The meat's inviting aroma permeates the room while a low fire sputters and flashes, fueled by the drippings.  Adjacent the bar, an open stairway rises to a narrow cantilevered balcony accessing the guest rooms--four above the kitchen on the south and two larger in the loft above the private dining area.  Vaulted wood trusses keep the roof, which for the most part is also the ceiling, safely in place above the goings on.  Chains dangle from the juncture of each truss to support stout iron rings for lamp lights, candles and the occasional fool who fancies himself an acrobat.
Several fellows, old and worn as the stones paving the floor, sit on either side of a long bench just inside the door.  They pass the day at a game involving dice and colored sticks.  The wager at the moment has two shiny red apples bet against a double handful of shelled black walnuts.  One of the old fellows jokingly plies the Harlot's favor with a basket of tart green plums, she being the selfsame shy young lady with pink hair who, as did Leona, started her adventure from the game room.  Sashaying around as though to tease them all, indeed her pleasant distraction and revealing décolletage are the only reasons they are not sitting in a cool breeze under one of the oaks.  Three well-to-do gents smoke their pipes as they dine at the great round table in the corner while a couple of weary travelers break bread into their stew near the fire.
Leona enters carrying a polished copper skillet, dull by comparison to her smile.  Jagat immediately realizes this is not a cash customer.  He also knows he is going to lose this contest because pots are the domain of the fair maiden who warms his bed and she would likely kill for such a treasure.
Our vagabond of the moment chimes in with her sales pitch.  "This fine utensil could be yours for a pittance, sir, and no hard coin need be in the bargain.  A clean room for the night, a hot bath, and my dinner... what say ye?"  She flashes her eyes like a silent film star.
Jagat calls out toward the kitchen.  "Wife!"
She replies from the kitchen, unseen.  "I despise pots."
He confides quietly to Leona.  "Stand your ground, for sure it is she will recant."
He repeats his request with a deep serious tone.  "Come hither, woman."
She emerges from the kitchen, tall and willowy, a gem-in the rough of 30 plus years.  She answers to Klena and her sour attitude changes instantly to that of a child on Christmas morn.  "Finest copper it is!" she purrs, taking hold with both hands as one would cradle a dove with broken wing.  "I'd wager 'Is Lordship's hearth has no better."
A startled Sir Art of Atlanta peeks around the corner of the kitchen entryway, then quickly makes his presence absent from view.
Leona's gleeful salesmanship turns to retribution.  "You miserable bastard," she shouts with the contempt of a mother abandoned with four starving children.
The Owner winces as Leona sweeps up the skillet from Klena's gentle embrace and heads straight into the kitchen without so much as a may I?  The girl unable to find enough pleasant adjectives to celebrate their reunion, advancing as she hurls indignities of every caliber.  Ev and Edie, two short stout kitchen maids in their mid-fifties are taken aback at these revelations of their handsome new helper's character.
"You sleazy, despicable, nauseating, cowardly, miserable milksop!  You ran and left me to those thugs."
"Oh my!  Sounds worse than he looks," Ev confides to Edie with bright eyes and a curious grin to match.
Art's concern fades for a moment as he ponders the meaning of Milksop.  He looks toward Edia for some indication of how terrible of an insult this may be.  She just shakes her head slowly and lowers her eyes.  When Art refocuses on Leona's attack, Edie turns to Ev and snickers.  Leona is holding her skillet up to Art's face so he can see his reflection in the polished metal.  "You see this sorry excuse of a man looking back at you?  When I'm done every feature of that face is going to be permanently impressed into this pan, like a monument to jackasses."  Art cringes, realizing finally this is not a drill; his lady fair is really going to cream him.
Klena comes to his rescue--or better said, to the rescue of the fine copper skillet she's fallen in love with.  "No!  You'll dent it," Klena exclaims as Leona draws back to whack him upside the head.  Art still in total disbelief that she would actually do it.
"Here, this will do ya."  Klena expeditiously exchanges an iron version for the copper one.  "owes me nine months' wage; take care not to damage'em beyond 'is usefulness.
Caught just as he was on his way to deliver two overflowing pails of slop to the hogs, and restrained by leg irons, he has few options.  Attempting a limited retreat he's foiled by his ankle restraints, crashes clumsily backward dousing himself with scraps, scum, and grease.  The kitchen help scatters, chickens flurry about in a feathery panic, and Cele, the resident mouse dispatcher dashes for cover, crouching beneath the butcher's block.  Always in her feline mind, the near miss of a wooden bowl full of steaming bean soup dispatched when one of the customers expressed a less than flattering remark about Klena's end of the day leftover specials.
Ev and Edie are excited to no end at the confrontation; it appears their new recruit is about to get his comeuppance by this flaming wench, a rare sight in these times.
"From Sir Galahad to kitchen knave in three days," Leona continues.  "Well done scoundrel!"  Klena's well-timed interruption has allowed Leona to calm just below the boiling point, enough at least to save Art's ass for the moment.  She halfheartedly flips the pot in Art's direction taking comfort in his present garbage strewn state of affairs.  He dodges as it recoils from the stone floor with a hollow "Clang".  Leona exits in a huff, confident that whatever predicament he's gotten into is no worse than he deserves.
In defense, the best Art dare offer is a worn clich'e.  "It's only a game, hon!"
"Dork!" she fires back in reply.
Edie's smile lights up.  "That's a new'un!  Hey Ev, what's a dork?"
"Ah... don't know.  But ee's a pretty one," she smiles with her round rosey face.
Klena ducks back into the kitchen to take stock of Art's situation.  She finds him sprawled on the floor covered with the sow's dinner, but still intact.  Turning first to Ev, "Find'em some clean clothes."  Then to Art, "Clean this slop up and be quick, then fire the kettles and draw a good hot bath to the corner room for my new guest."
Leona has invited the innkeeper's wife to join her.  Hence, the two most important ladies in Art's life, his ex lover and his turnkey fill each other in on his misadventures.  Half an hour passes before Art's seen again, backing into the dining area through a door beneath the stair at the room's far end dragging a stout oak tub.  The corners are sealed with pitch and joined via a series of iron shoes into which tapered wooden wedges have been driven to form a watertight seam.  Archaic and heavy, but for Art it's all in a day's work for some time to come.  He props the tub on end and walks it across the room on the corners.  From there it rises with great effort one step at a time toward the balcony until it has disappeared from view near the far end.  Only the thumping of its travels remains to indicate the awkward vessel has yet to reach its destination.
Relating Art's heroic tale of woe, Klena informs, "when he turned up he was covered in dirt and blood.  Looked as if he'd been hiding from the constables in the barnyard.  You've gotta be careful; desperate men can be dangerous.  Worse yet, if 'Is Lordship is after 'im, it can bring a lot a trouble to ya door.  Sounded like a merchant from the way he talked, had a pleasant manner too, so we took a chance, cleaned'em up."
"Yeah... he's a bull shitter," Leona advises.  "But I wouldn't have believed he'd pull the stunt he did."
"He boasted of slaying no less than four bandits that had set upon some hapless old gypsies.  After they were safe away he was forced to flee when a great many more came upon'em."
"There was but one," Leona assures, "and at that he was disarmed and helpless.  As I came to his aid, two more appeared.  He ran!  Left me... with not a word the others were approaching from behind.  I'll never trust him again, never!"
"You was fortunate to get loose of'em.  Sadly it doesn't do any good to report such things--none at all in fact."
"Just as well.  I prefer to forget it ever happened."
Klena places her hand softly upon Leona's arm and inquires discreetly.  "You didn't get free of'em, did ya?  If they hurt ya, Ev can be very comforting in such matters.  If ya wish, I could have'er visit with ya later."
Leona smiles shyly.  "Thank you, I appreciate your concern.  But really... I was too quick for them; got a bruised shoulder, that's all."
Such a sad state to behold is all one might say of the roasted rabbit Edie has just served up.  There isn't nearly as much left as might be expected after the fluffy fur coat and head had been removed.  Leona consoles herself that little may be done for it now but to appreciate the sacrifice it's made on her behalf.  Having fast food on every corner has made life a lot safer for the bunnies in her world.  Art jingles along, ferrying steaming pails of bath water up the stairs while the ladies dine.  "That's a good way to keep track of him," Leona commends; "kind of like keeping a bell on your cow so it doesn't wander off."  Klena agrees with a nod and casual smirk.  Giddy at the thought, Leona can hardly wait to sink into her bath; the experience alone shall make the two days ride worthwhile.  And it's going to be twice as pleasurable having known Art himself drew the water two buckets at a time.  If nothing else her appreciation of many things is being sharpened.  'Tis doubtful she will ever take hot and cold running water for granted again.
One of the old men approaches the bar with an empty tankard and a lead coin in hand.  Anticipating his request, Jagat produces a hefty pitcher of ale and antes up six iron strikes for change.  "You'll soon not be able to tell the dragons from the cows."
The elder fellow replies with a wary glance, "Mystical creatures, sir, I've seen their handiwork."
Again Jagat anticipates, "Hebb's dog?"
"Aye, you've heard then.  Burned up to a cinder it was."  Pointing an unsure finger toward the hearth, "Not the kinda fire we know," he assures.  Now relating, according to reliable sources, the events of two evenings previous.
Seems it was well after dark when a peasant couple, peacefully retired, were awakened.  Their dog had begun to bark; the commotion intensified and soon became frantic.  The man rose; he could see his dog in the moonlit landscape, but no intruder.  Better he investigate than risk a fox finding its way into his hen house.  As he began lacing his boots an intense light beamed into the room through the open window.  An eerie silence pervaded thereafter; not but the crackle of burning pine boughs remained, as portions of the landscape were now afire.
The terrified couple dashed away seeking the assistance of neighbors.  They found sections of fence alongside the cottage afire along with some of the lower branches of an adjacent tree.  Straw littering the ground was aglow and a wheelbarrow, and a full watering trough near the fence were also burning.  Most strange however, these things were burning only on one side--the same side.
At first light all the neighbors came round to investigate and speculate.  Soldiers arrived later.  They were immediately directed by the onlookers to a gathering near the smoldering fence.  A dog was lying dead at their feet.  It appeared normal till one of the peasants flipped it over with a pitchfork.  The opposite side was completely burned out, the ribs charred, nearly gone.
The old storyteller takes a sip of his brew and continues.  "Um old, but I wants to get older.  Them that seek out such a demon have pebbles in their heads where good sense ott'a be.  Was only a dog.  More a those 'round here than we need anyway, so why not just let the creature be?  But no, they dream of a purse of silver.  Not me, I dream only of that sweet maiden."  He motions toward the Harlot with his brimming tankard and a sly smile.  His wisdom now spent, he and his brew shuffle back to rejoin his friends at their game.
Klena, meantime, explores Art's expeditious transition from wealthy gambler to scullery boy.  "I've not known any to be so strangely curious.  How much did this cost, how much for that?  Where could one thing or another be found?  What wage was expected for all manner a labors?  On and on he went.  Couldn't be sure if he was want'en to buy something or selling it.  Used words nobody ever heard of.  A few acted like they knew what he meant, but I think not."
"Let me guess," Leona imbues with a smile.  "Capitalization, amortization, depreciation, stuff like that?"
"Yeah!  What's he talking about?"
"Nothing important, he's having flashbacks to a previous and for the moment an uneventful life."
She looks to Leona inquisitively, then continues.  "Ice, was a big worry; the lad wanted to save it till end of summer.  Ya only get ice in wintertime, even a fool knows it'll milt.  Ya can't keep it like dried corn or kindling.  Couldn't believe iron and lead strikes was money; seemed to think metal should be easy to come by as gathering horse shit.  Had more plans than a new groom for 'is bride on their wedding night.  And he was frantic to find something to scribble on; thought parchment should be common as dirt.  Next thing ya know he was figuring to make it... out of trees, would ya believe?"
"I don't understand why he's gotten so far off track," Leona confesses.  "We're lost so to speak, trying to find our way back home.  Or at least I am."
"Where do ya call home?"
"In truth, I'm not sure right now.  You wouldn't happen to know where that might be?"
"I've always said home is where ya find it.  Wandered in here about nine years back hoping to save up a copper or two, cleaning and such.  Married Jag, the owner's son, found a home.  Been cleaning up ever since," she scratches the back of her head, "but with no pay."  Leona smiles, thinking comically of how some things have never changed.  "So ya could say your friend's found 'imself a home, 'least till 'is debt's paid."
"What is a lead strike?"  Leona asks.
"A coin with 'Is Lordship's mark pounded into it."  She extracts one from her pocket and drops it on the table with a dull thud.  "Ten of 'ems a copper, but takes ten iron strikes to earn one and ten coppers to earn a silver.  We don't never see gold around here, least till your friend showed up."  Klena displays her wily got-a-bargain smile.  "Being as it's copper, that pot ya was going to bop'em with, it's paid your room, board, and a bath every day for a month, and I still got the better of it.  A wonder he's not ended up in the mines afore now.  Just to hear'em talk ya could tell he's a bit of a shyster, wanting to buy things without coin and get paid now for things he didn't have to sell till later.  For some'um smart enough to read and write he's dumb as a chicken."
"His major is business.  Up-and-coming wheeler and dealer, shyster as you say, but I don't understand how it has become such a factor in our circumstance?  It's as if he was planning to stay."
"Has'e a craft then?"
"It's complicated.  Let's say at times his thoughts get so far ahead of him, he becomes an idiot."
"As when he took to jiggling gold coins in 'is hand for all to see, which no man smart enough to lace 'is boots would do."
"That's Art!  Yes... perfect example."
"Ya could buy twenty acres of fine bottom with a nice cottage, a well, and a good team, maybe two, for what he squandered.  Soon became the best friend of everyone, he did.  Folks was going home and bringing their kin back to get in on it.  Then sure as 'is Lordship will hang ya for not paying your tax, the gambling started.  Cleaned'em out in no time; lost more then 'is worth, too.  Hard labor or worse till the end of 'is days if I hadn't convinced Jag to put up 'is debt.  Not like I got eyes on'em, but he's a nice-looking lad.  If he ever got free of the mines alive, just end up another rogue."
"That explains the chains."
"An assurance he'll remain till 'is debt's paid."
"I don't have a problem with that!" Leona muses auspiciously.
"Why does that always happen?" Klena wonders aloud.  "Only one I know doesn't gamble is Jag; 'course if he did I'd skin'em and hoist 'em on that spit," pointing to the fireplace, "and he knows it.  He's a good man, the best... and I know it, too."
"You understand how most guys like to fight?  I imagine gambling a form of combat favored by those who prefer anguish or ruin over pain of death."
"Sounds about right."  Klena agrees with a nod.
"Trouble is, a little hindsight ain't gonna get it; at issue is how to deal with Art.  We were intended to be a team, back each other up; but he's proven a danger to me and a hazard to himself.  Under the circumstances he's about worthless."
"He'll be earning seven lead strikes a month against his due.  Bound himself willingly to Jag for nine months more, at least.  Hardly worth it till his hand heals; my hope is he'll improve.  Ya may pay what he owes, six coppers less his wages and collect'em back anytime."
"You know that works... yeah," Leona smiles coyly, "like a safety deposit box.  Works great in fact.  So you don't intend to cash him out, I mean like trade him off or something, your going to keep him, right?"
"Oh yeah," Klena assures, "he's a rascal, but not a trouble maker like some, and Ev and Edie have just about adopted 'em."
  Art is still in fire brigade mode, ferrying pails of hot water from the caldron behind the Inn up to fill Leona's bath.  His ankle bracelets do little to improve the efficiency of his labors, but no matter as work days are not limited to eight hours.  On this leg of his journey a special sort of obstacle presents herself.  He hesitates about half way up the stair.  The Guest, a luminous, Rubenesk, scantily clad female of about 40 years emerges from her room.  The balcony is narrow and she is a big girl.  Art knows he isn't going to get past without a pat on the bum--his, that is.  Known to be a heavy tipper on both sides of the scale and horny as a toad, her room is the first at the top of the stair.  A permanent guest of late, since her 'ex' burned their house down.  Some have rumored he fled to escape her endless cuddling.
Those jingling chains going back and forth past her den have proved too much of a temptation.  Emerging to avail her chamber pot for cleaning, she flashes a provocative smile toward Art as he approaches.  "Come forth, lad.  I won't bite ya... very much," she adds with a sly smile and subdued snicker.  As Art eases past she turns her attention in his direction.  Still waiting patiently when he returns, his pails now empty, she hands him her pot.  Another of his collateral duties is to collect, clean, and expeditiously return these, as overnight guests are not expected to use the outdoor facilities.  Lingering at the top of the stair she watches as Art descends.  Calling out to Klena in a May West sort of drawl, she bids politely, "send the lad up when his chores are done; my window is squeaking."  Art hesitates, cringing slightly, then continues on his mission.  Another smile to Art and the voluptuous spider retreats into her lair.
Much to Leona's delight, Klena advises on the finer points of his obligations.  "While he works off 'is debt he may learn a few useful crafts--at least to serve and please a lady... in every way."
Leona smiles at the prospect.  "Excellent!" she concludes.
Art reappears, preceded by the jingle of his shackles, pot and pails in hand.  He glances toward Leona with a sorrowful expression, sets his cargo by the staircase and jingles over.
"Come on... did you hear that?  You've got to bail me out of here!"  He points toward his unfashionable ankle bracelets.  "Look at these, Leo; this is getting out of hand."
"You... can kiss my ass.  On second thought, no ya can't," she adds sarcastically.  "At least not until you had some practice and I think that's in the works.  Besides, you had all our cash.  Come to think of it, you owe me a gold coin, too.  I may just cash you out, sell your paper as they say.
"You can't be serious."
"When you get a few minutes run the numbers.  I figure at your current wage you owe me about fourteen years of humble servitude, dude."
"We're partners, Leo.  You gotta cosign for me on this."
"With what? all I've got left is the mare.  Besides, as you were so kind to point out earlier, it's only a game, right?  So, fetch me some fries and have fun."
"I don't think they know what a potato is."
"Sounds like a personal problem," she fires back.  "Find some!"
"You don't understand," Art pleads.  "It was a calculated retreat.  They were all over the place"
"There were three and two were coming up behind me, and you knew it and didn't say a word.  It was a knife in the back, you shit!" 
"I was bleeding to death," he implores, holding out his bandaged hand.
Flashing a stern look in Art's direction, his principal creditor advises, "Hardly!  Now stop annoying my customers lest my generous offer to save ya hide from the master of the tin mines shall be withdrawn.  I'll collect my due from them and you can toil for the next eight or ten years digging holes and crunching rocks to repay their kindness.  You think it's tough here, try hard labor eighteen hours a day.  Is that what ya prefer?"
"Not really."
"Then ya better get back to filling the lady's tub."
Art retreats humbly; his bath-water boy and chamber-pot duties may not include a 401K, but he needs time to think.  The prospect of becoming a gopher is a step in the wrong direction.  So as not to incite further interest, he very quietly places his pending paramour's pot at the balcony's edge rather than at her door.  At least quietly as one may who is obligated to drag several feet of chain everywhere he goes.
The girls have resumed their chatter when an obnoxious, but legally sanctioned local rogue enters the mix.  The Inn's door swings wide aside and who but the Tax Man swaggers in.  Four of the game's original players are now in attendance.  He's followed by his trainee, the Wannabee, a seedy sort with a narrow face and slight of stature compared to the mass of his mentor.  An arrogant pair these two, with matching duds, hats and amulets.  
Cloe, the resident harlot or barmaid depending on her mood, becomes noticeably uncomfortable.  She quietly slips out of sight.
Klena displays immediate concern of this unexpected intrusion.  "Oh no!  Not now," she quietly confides to Leona, "he'll be upon you like a leach.  Quickly, follow the barmaid away."  She nods toward Cleo who's just about to disappear through the rear pantry door.
Lacking a contingent of trumpeters to proclaim his arrival, he slams his fist onto the counter as though his presence wasn't already obvious to everyone.  That is, except one of the oldsters who had his back to the door and now appears to be considering a heart attack.  "Ale and meat for His Lordship's auditors," he bellows, making a grand gesture to all within the room as everyone is surely honored by his very presence, or so he imagines.  The patrons acknowledge his royal personage with nods or by hoisting their cup.
Leona's casual attempt to exit catches The Wannabee's attention.  In spite of her boyish clothes he recognizes this eager-to-be-absent person as female.  An excellent chance to score a point, he alerts his superior with a nudge and The nods in Leona's direction.  Not being one to miss an opportunity, the Tax Man is quick to exercises his authority to challenge unfamiliar faces.  The security of the entire kingdom could be at stake--spies, terrorists, and such after all.
"You there... with the blue shirt... come here."  He turns and quietly advises his Wannabee.  "Pay attention now!  Learn there's not the need to enter a contest to claim a prize."
Klena rises, keeping her gaze toward the floor as she moves on to resume the duties awaiting her in the kitchen.  The encounter is out of her hands now.  Unfortunately her new friend will have to deal with this arrogant lout as best she can.  Klena manages a reluctant nod as she passes the scoundrel.  Once past, the Tax Man makes a lingering assessment of her posterior, totally ignoring her husband who is apparently obligated to consider the buffoon's prolonged attention some form of compliment.  The privilege of rank one must conclude.  Snatching up his cup, he pushes his chest out and struts toward Leona.  They come face to face across the very table where she was having her dinner.  She smiles shyly; he gestures, she sits.  Preferring to loom largely over his quarry, he remains standing.  "And whose charge might you be?"
"Excuse me," she squints a bit... "charge?"
"Who is your escort?  Do you come here unaccompanied?"
"My traveling companion has found other interests to concern himself for the moment."
"I see."  He toys with his amulet for a moment then holds it forth.  "Do you know what this is?"
"No sir, I do not."
"'Tis the seal of the realm.  Those few who are authorized to wear it are loyal knights in service to His Lordship.  I am empowered by this to act as auditor upon the full authority of the royal senate of nobles.  Now then... who are you?"
"No one really, just a traveler passing through these fine lands."
"Do you have your traveler's tax receipt?"
"Oh... that, yes," Leona plays along to see how far he intends to push it.  "I had one, but I didn't realize I had to keep it.  I'm sorry, I thought as long as I was within these borders there would be no further need of it."
He leans imposingly across the table knowing full well there is no such receipt and that she is throwing his own bullshit right back in his face.  He presents his proposition in an aggressive whisper.  "Have you any idea how serious this could become?  Indeed it is your good fortune that I may be inclined to shelter you from this most serious matter.  Anyone but I, you would be off to the mines.  Not a pleasant place for a delicate young maiden... such as you most certainly are."
A compliment and a threat in the same breath; how clever this ass must think himself.
Art ventures out from the kitchen.  Klena grabs his arm and tows him back out of site.  "You don't want to get into this, lad.  She need pay 'er dues, then 'ill go away."
Leona accepts the provocation.  If games we are here to play, then let the play begin.  "It seems there are many kind gentlemen in this land concerned of my future well-being."
"Where will you stay this night?" he inquires bluntly.
"I have bartered for a room here, sir."
"Bartered!  Have you not the means to pay the traveler's tariff?"
"I have means, sir," she replies coyly, "but no coins."
"Then until the cock crows," he commands sternly, "my service shall be your duty."
Leona looks straight into his eyes with the gaze of a demon possessed, for she is becoming increasingly aware of her capabilities.  Why, after all, should the obstacles of this game be treated differently than those of any other?  "So be it, milord," she concedes with a timid, disarming smile.
One of the well-to-dos at the corner table snickers and shakes his head with approval.
Back in the kitchen, the maids are sadly concerned for Leona's well being.  Klena is pacing anxiously trying to think of some device to change the course of events--even so far as to consider offering Cleo double her usual fee to accept the Tax Man's abuse.
Art looks to the ceiling with concern.  "Uh-oh!"  He turns his glance toward Ev, "Hope that guy's not a friend of Jag's cause he just stepped in some deep shit."
Ev consoles, "Um sorry, lad, it's just a way things are round here some times."
"You don't understand; 'so be it' is an ultimatum, Leo's equivalent of back off or pull your pants down and kiss your ass good-bye."
Ev squints and wrinkles her brow, befuddled of Art's comment.
Leona rises and leads the way up the stairs.  She arches her back somewhat, an enticement to highlight her apparently prized hind end.  In fact a distraction, and the more so the better.  Some would call it Novocain; perchance it will ease the pain.
The Tax Man seems unconcerned that his conquest carries a haggard leather sheath with a short sword, though most likely he hasn't noticed.  One end strapped to her left boot and the other tied off just below her knee.  Where most carry such weapons awkwardly swaying from their belts this one rests contentedly at the owner's fingertips.  She ascends with a slow rhythmic sway, each step taking her paramour a bit closer to his cleverly won and much-anticipated reward.  Feeling confident she is bested by his mere authority, he smiles contemptuously; after all, wise females know their place and duty to His Lordship's representatives.  But then, Leona is from out of town; her mating rituals may be slightly askew of his expectations.
As she strides past the chamber pot opposite the Guest's door, she snatches the handle.  In a natural forward motion, pivoting on the toe of her left foot, she swings it overhead at arm's length.  A tremendous momentum develops as it sweeps around full circle.  However, since she has turned halfway about, it now travels toward her attempted seducer on the upswing.  Thus, the lustfully infatuated again faces the lady infuriated.  On this occasion, however, Leona holds the high ground, her suitor yet three steps short of the landing.  The iron bucket rising now in an ever-accelerating arc.  Their eyes meet for but one final passionate fleeting glimpse.  She smiles good-bye, as only a moment remains before these fated lovers shall part forevermore.  One would think a hollow metal object of this type would chime as a bell when struck.  This union, however, produces a sound rather like a good solid pumpkin being stomped upon by a large Clydesdale.
A flying Tax Man is a strange and awkward bird at best.  His attempt no doubt thwarted by gravity and want of feathers, but not the lack of flapping his arms.  Careening along the wall, then off over the edge, he crashes headlong into the tables and chairs below.  A remnant of his lower lip clings to the adjacent wall, poignant reminder of the collision's severity.  The iron lid separates upon impact, flies over her shoulder across the room, ricocheting off the far wall and slams into the dinner setting of the well dressed louts who quietly commended the Tax Man on his clever acquisition of a date for the evening.  One jumps to his feet and reels over backwards covered with venison stew.  Karma's a bitch!
Still carrying her three legged battle pot, Leona descends slowly, focused entirely and much to his distress upon the Wannabee.  She doesn't even look to her handiwork sprawled unceremoniously across the floor, but heads straight for his obnoxious associate.  "Hey..." she coos, "you want a piece of my ass, too?"
Stunned as one struck by lightning, his back to the wall, he can't recall weather the door is to his right or left.  Glancing quickly, he tries to see the opening but the thick posts in the wall construction prevent him from detecting the frame.  He could find himself cornered if he dashes the wrong way.  Instinctively, he begins to draw his weapon.  Leona swings the pot upward catching it between her palms then snaps it forward as one would pass a basketball.  The spinning iron pot with its three sharp stubby feet projecting from the bottom becomes a formidable missile.  He blocks the impact much to the distress of his elbow, losing his weapon, a portion of his chin and several teeth in the bargain.  Knocked backward against the wall, disarmed, his face bleeding profusely and one arm having been rendered useless; he searches desperately.  Where is that confounded door?  
As Leona raises her left foot to take the next step, her right hand catches the hilt of the sword strapped to her leg.  When her foot next strikes the floor with a loud clap, the weapon is in hand.  So smoothly accomplished as to seem it has simply appeared there.  She knows this weasel has set these events in motion.  Nothing would please her more than some offensive move to justify his demise.  For his effort has surely deprived her of that long sought and much-desired bath. 
With a venomous pitch to her voice, she screams, "I'll have your liver on toast for breakfast you little bastard."
In light of her rage and the damages so effortlessly inflicted on his heretofore immortal mentor, the prospect of such a surgery seems quite possible.  Certainly there's no need to dare her prove that proclamation.  The old men have abandoned their high-stakes gaming and push each other through the rear exit.  The Wannabee takes note: A door!  It's on the other end of the room, but he has a potent engine at his command--intense fear.  Dashing between the tables, he skirts the room's perimeter nearly impaling himself upon the kettle's swing bracket as he crosses the hearth.  Spinning out, he crashes to the floor, but never stops peddling and finally scoots head-long through the open rear door.  If Leona were as mean-spirited as she sounded, she could quickly exit through the front and wait for the bastard where the horses are lashed; but she lets it slide, this time.
Cleo peeks around a corner; then steps into view, fully delighted at her tormentor's current state of deconstruction.  Both the well-to-dos, who had thought the Tax Man's technique so charming, now stand quite motionless and concerned for their futures.  Klena braces herself against the kitchen doorway, astonished at the wreckage that just moments ago was the scourge of the entire vicinity.  Art's new girlfriend looks on quietly from the top of the stair, likely concerned for the waste of so much perfectly good manpower.  Ev and Edie jockey about for a view of the carnage from the safety of their kitchen.  One nudges the other and points toward Art.  "an't 'e the lucky one?  She must 'ave a soft spot in'er heart for dorks."
Jagat, his head in his hands, knows there are sure to be complications and conflicts of interest.  Though not uncommon for someone to get his head bashed, nor the first time it had happened at the Brobose, but it's His Lordship's auditors that are usually the bashers.  Though he would prefer to do otherwise, he instructs the stable lad to ride to the soldiers' compound and report what has happened.  The Wannabee is surely on his way to do the same.  And so Jagat must at least appear to have His Lordship's interest at heart.
 Leona glances to the unconscious object of her affection as she saunters by. "Moron!"
The stew splattered well-to-dos take her relaxed demeanor as an opportunity to exit quickly and quietly, before she recalls their insulting consent, the remainder of their evening sacrificed upon the altar of good sense.
"Hey Ev, what's a moron?" Edie asks with a sense of delight.
"U'm not sure, but I know it's a lot worse than a dork, yep!" 
Jagat takes his wife aside to review their situation in hushed tones.  "That other bastard will reach the constable's garrison in about two hours if he doesn't trip his horse and break his neck.  You understand, I had no choice but to send word as well?"
"I know."
"Might be good you don't mention that to her.  We don't want to give the impression she's been betrayed.  Never seen a sheathed weapon come to hand so quick, I didn't even realize she had it."
"She'll need money," Klena reminds as much to ask permission.
"Yeah."  Jagat agrees, "five or six coppers to see her along and a good helping of the dried meat I've set aside for hunters.  About four hours I'd say before trouble gets here.  See she understands the consequences of this business."
Klena remains somewhat befuddled.  "I still can't believe it, a chamber pot of all things."
"Just be thankful your kitchen knave still has his head 'cause I'm sure if she really wanted it, i'd be on a pike by now.  Quickly," Jagat reminds, "getter on her way.  I need tend this jackass and see if he's alive."
The Tax Man is out cold and likely to stay that way for some time.  One of the flattened table's legs has splintered and driven itself deep into the fellow's thigh.  The wound is bleeding profusely, the sliver may have severed an artery.
"Ev!"  Jagat calls out, "round up some bandages and a pale a water to get this morbid business cleaned up.  Edie, I'll need my horse shoe pliers too if I'm to have this stake out of his leg.  Hurry up now, if we're to salvage this valuable asset to our community, we best get started."
The harlot inquires with a tone of hopeful anticipation,  "is he dead yet?"
"No!"
She kneels next to Jagat and counters in a quiet, pleading voice.  "But it could be so."
"Hush!  There'll be enough trouble as it is.  Few weeks he'll starve anyway; his jaw's halfway down his throat, what's left of it."
"That's nice," she contends sweetly.
She stands, casually placing the heel of her shoe on his pinkie finger.  Discreetly raising her weight from the other foot now, she rocks back and forth slightly.  Tiny bones and joints splinter to the crackling sound of sugary revenge--one of those rare little treats that has made rising early this morning worth the effort.  Jagat swats her on the leg and motions her away.  She complies reluctantly, but with a satisfying smirk knowing she has contributed to the misery he shall endure when his senses return.  "Never mind," she purrs, "I think I'm in love."
Klena rejoins Leona to consider the options.  "Ya about murdered 'im, I think."
"He was fortunate we didn't get behind closed doors."
"To stay is folly; you must be away at once, girl."
"I'm going to miss my bath," she relates disappointingly
"Some things are not to be; I know ya understand.  Quickly now, let's have ya on your way."  Klena escorts her through the kitchen and into the stables.
"Listen careful now, or you'll be hanging from a tree before sunset the morrow.  Ya got to leave the litter; the tracks would take'em right to ya.  I'll keep your things safe.  They will expect ya to flee away from'em into the open country.  Unless ya can grow leaves, people hide much better among more people, so make for the city.  Your clothes suit ya now for traveling, but that ass who run out the back, he'll tell 'im how ya was dressed.  Before you're seen change into a country maiden and keep a smile about ya."
"Been there, done this, haven't ya?"
"Not I!  'Twas one of my brothers was not exactly a good citizen.  So then, how to get ya there."  Klena looks to the sky for her bearings.  "Stay with the moon straight into the forest.  When ya reach the creek turn left into the water.  Don't try to rush.  The creek bed is washed to rock; let your mare find her own footing.  It'll be slow, but no track will remain to tell of the way you've gone.  Go far as you can by that path before the sun rises.  Leave the water at first light.  They know these ways too and might station sentries to keep watch further along the water way."
"Yes, good thought."
"'Tis the rising moon ya seek.  Mark your way at night and follow the course when there is light enough to guide ya.  If ya find yourself in the wood without good light, wait; otherwise you risk tripping your mare.  A broken leg for either of you would serve poorly.  Most traffic is upon the roads early; it will slack as does the day.  If you choose to risk the roads, dusk is the best time.  Two, three nights at most to reach the city's outskirts, it'll depend on the clouds.  Stay out of sight to all till you can mix with other people.  The constables will inquire and offer a purse; every man 'ill want it so they'll be anxious to point out any lone maiden they've not seen before.  If someone does catch sight of ya, change direction for half a day at least.  Venture not through the fields.  Anyone doing so is highly suspect and make no fire this night or the next."  Klena snatches some old dust-laden saddlebags from a peg on the wall.  "Here, choose wisely from your things.  Wrap any object of metal in cloth lest it call them to ya."
"Ummm! yes, I understand."
"If ya wish I'll free the lad.  The auditor's horse is probably still out front to carry him." 
"No!  He would be the death of us both; keep him just as you intended.  There will come a time when he and I must take leave of this land.  It's better if I know exactly where to find him."
Klena dashes back to the kitchen while Leona gathers necessities and a change of clothes better suited to a country maiden.  She soon returns with takeout: mostly dried meat, a water jug, and a few coppers to see her fugitive friend safe away.
"You save my life with these treasures and your wisdom; Thank you, I hope I can repay you some day."  
"Don't worry, just be careful and safe."  They embrace as new friends oft do who may not meet again.  "Truth be known, you've avenged many.  I despised that conniving, foul-smelling son of a rat."
"Foul-smelling, sounds like somebody I know, too; I'm really going to miss that nice hot soaking."
"Not so much as your head.  Now go!  Find your way quickly, and remember no fires."
Leona trots off into the diminishing light.  Early afternoon of the next day finds her sitting, sword in hand, her back to a stout hemlock and sleeping.  To assure her blade's not lost in any frantic scramble which may ensue, the hilt is bound to her wrist with a leather thong.  In case riders are scanning the wood she's settled into a small washout at the forest's edge for cover.  A brook trickles along the midst of it, gurgling a respectful good morning on its way into the adjacent meadow.  From here, approaching riders or anyone following the creek bed now in open view half mile distant could be seen.  Mosquitoes dance in the air before her face while their bolder relatives chance to alight on the back of her hand for a sip of breakfast.

Chapter-7

EVERYONE NEEDS A FRIEND,
EVEN A TINY FOUR LEGGED BIRD WILL DO. 

Claiming her seniority to this cool dribble of water in bold ear-piercing tones, a crow initiates our fugitive's new day.  And just as well, for something's amiss.  Leona's eyes flash open with a startled expression.  Bugs!   Her free hand rises to her bosom and she smiles.  Hahhh!  The bird's egg, it's hatching.  I'm so sorry, I totally forgot about you.  What am I going to feed it?  She quickly scans the surrounding ground scratching some leaves aside like a hen, but nothing comes to sight.  Gently reaching into her blouse to retrieve the hatchling, her smile becomes a confused expression.   Something is not quite right here; she quickly withdraws.
A tiny gray lizard, scant more than an inch long, has firmly clasp itself to the end of her little finger.  And it's holding on for dear life.  She attempts to shake it free with a few quick flicks of the wrist, but it will not let go.  "You're not a bird; who do you think you're trying to fool?  Let go of my finger you little creep!"  The lizard's tiny black eyes blink and then close as it begins rubbing its chin back and forth on the tip of Leona's finger.  "Go catch a bug, will ya?"  Leona's attention is captured by the appearance of a beetle running through the debris of the forest floor.  "Look!  There's a tasty one."  She stoops near to the ground; repositioning herself so as to bring the scampering insect closer into the lizard's view.  The beetle dashes past totally unaware of it's being used as bait.  Her newborn remains resolutely attached to her fingertip.  "Come on... go for it.  Not your flavor huh?  Hey, now this looks good."  A small orange centipede dodging and twisting its way around the fallen leaves is next to be offered for sacrifice.
Leona wiggles her finger to motivate an exit.  The tiny lizard jumps free, nosing its way under some damp leaves.  She watches as the small mound shuffles about, all the while thankful she hadn't picked up a snake's egg or she probably would have had to strip to catch it.  The movement culminates in a flurry of activity beneath the leaves; for a moment she's concerned something a little higher on the food chain may have just ate the little critter.  Several damp bugs and a cricket beat a hasty exit from the commotion.  The ruckus settles down and the reptile's little pointed head appears with a tiny blue snail in its mouth.  Gobble, gobble, gone!  "There!  You see how easy that was?  You certainly don't need me."  Leona has long since withdrawn her hand.  The lizard glances back and forth, panic-stricken, searching for that all-important finger.  The first finger it ever saw, and the only one that really counts in all the world, but it's gone.  The tiny critter raises its face to Leona as much as to say "you're not going to leave me are you?"  It begins scampering back and forth like a puppy anxious to be picked up, begging to be cuddled, never taking its eyes off Leona for a second.
"Gimmy a break," Leona sighs, placing her hand back to the lizard's vicinity.  The little creature jumps back onto the tip of her finger.  She raises the tiny beast to conversation level.  "Are you sure? 'Cause I just don't think this relationship can work.  I watch the Discovery channel too, you know.  So I'm pretty sure what's going through that wee mind of yours, but I am not your mother, understand!"  The lizard leaps from her finger to her vest and disappears back from whence it came.  "Ah, you little pervert!"  She flexes and twists her shoulders a bit and giggles just the slightest.  Cheap thrills!  Get over it.  She muses with a playful smirk.
The snap of a twig from the thicket beyond places the matter of misplaced pets on hold.  "We'll talk about this later," she confides quietly under her breath.  Surveying the perimeter, she strains to identify any movement; nothing comes to view.  Her mare has taken a notion to munch the greens in a shaded area between the forest's edge and the suspect thicket.  She cautiously leads the animal from the clearing into the heavy cover adjacent to the tree line.  The distinct rhythm of at least two people randomly walking through the brush becomes apparent.
--
A flip of the coin and we find Mark monitoring the play from the game master's podium, his attention focused upon Leona's expressions and body language for any further sign of distress.  Ever calm, she ignores the idle chatter among the other players and remains focused entirely upon the event at hand.  Her designated partner has fallen to disfavor, their relationship for the time being at least completely dissolved.
Sanaia approaches Mark and quietly informs, "Other interested parties have joined your game."
His eyes narrow as he turns to address her concern.  "Who?"
"Not who," Sanaia assures discreetly, "so much as what."
"How are we compromised?"
"All that transpires there, occurs here.  It follows then the trespasser is among your guests.  Were there any other candles that were not lit?"
"None!"
"Could one of those we used have had more than a single presence attached?"
"If so, it was not the intent."  Concern is flooding into Marwyn's thoughts again.  How he wishes now he had avoided this entire affair at the onset.  "An intruder, why?  I don't understand what they would have to gain."
"One of the Minnon's security escorts could be a trader or spy.  I fear we have too many fingers in the making of this stew.  Remember when I thought it unusual to have Rueshaba's presents at our table.  Someone, I dare not imagine who, but someone, seems intent on interfering with your inquisition.  I can't tell if we are under attack, or inquiry, but someone is stirring our puddle and the mud is blocking my view."
Mark is unsettled at the prospect.  "I may not put her at actual risk.  If there is a need can the spell be terminated safely?"
"If the binding were unraveled now her memories would surface immediately and of course there is the dramatic change in the surroundings also.  Such revelations may prove a hazard to her future well being in this world.  Whereas, the interloper is but another element of her dream.  It seems benevolent if that's possible."
"From our world or hers?"
"Not from hers', I assure you."
"Are we at odds with the Minnon?"
"No!  On that account all is in order; but that was the good news."
"And the bad?" he dares as one perplexed, slowly running his fingers through an abundant crop of hair.
"Her safety net is lost; I've tested my access to her thoughts, I was denied.  Aside of the skunks, I have not, nor do I intend, but were the need to arise... I could not influence her actions nor the surrounding events.  Your game will conclude upon its own terms."
  "Find a way back, you must.  Lest I find myself accountable to the Henzecs for all I have set in motion here, not to mention the security of a future queen, I suppose."  Sanaia nods her agreement and retreats.
Thus, back we are again, back within the bounds of Leona's imagination.  There to play catch-as-catch-can while she attempts to identify intruders of her own.  Although generally cooperative, this morning her mare has taken the notion breakfast shall not be interrupted.  Apparently from her mount's point of view the consequences be dammed!  After all, they're not going to hang a horse as an accomplice.  It continues munching leaves from the tips of branches encompassing their collective hiding place.   There is little she may do aside from remaining very still and wary of the slightest misplaced sound.  Countless tiny carnivores are pleased of the opportunity her caution affords.  The elements of nature seemingly forever hungry, they dine upon her person at their leisure.
An hour has passed quietly; if there were a search party surely they would not lie in wait.  Finally choosing to break cover, she quietly approaches the clearing's edge for a look-see.  This time it's she who snaps the twig.  Suddenly two does spring up from the tall grass no more than ten feet away.  Thinking herself caught for half a moment she jolts into combat mode.  The adrenaline spike lingers for a few seconds, then subsides leaving her covered in perspiration, a gentle reminder of her outlaw status.  The does both fix their large lovely eyes on Leona, soon all that remains are their fluffy white tails pointed skyward and bounding across the meadow. 
Strangely enough, the birds still chirp and the breeze still shuffles the leaves just as they did the day before.  Could it be they don't care?  Did they ever?  A harmless sparrow sits upon a low branch very near; it watches as she passes.  No reason to be particularly concerned, but then, are they not shy cautious creatures, more likely to be on their way at the first provocation?  What master might entice, and by what means to keep this timid creature from taking flight?
--
In a most ungracious place, foul, damp, gray, and bleak, there stands an architecture of despair.  Random heaps of stone blocks assembled not of mortar, but rather the will of their master.  Vaulted ceiling so high reason would deny they could exist.  Tall slender windows draped of fabrics thick enough that a crossbow's bolt would find them difficult to breach.  Passages sodden and narrow, more the appearance of sewers, perhaps their burden to drain away the misery manifest there within.  Shadowy figures lurk about the perimeter, cling to the buttresses, and perch upon the stone gargoyles that jut randomly from the pilasters and walls.
The portal into the hearth is large enough to accommodate a wagon drawn by four abreast.  Two great stone trolls support the lintel upon their backs; a thousand years of soot cling to their grim faces.  Chains and hooks dangle haphazardly from places above and large caldrons are stacked in the corners.  More a heap of charred bones than remnants of logs, the ash piles silently scream "Run for your life."   Long dark foreboding wooden tables, their tops thick and irregular, stand at attention against the adjacent wall.  One might suspect of them a fine facility for butcher's work.   
Great baskets woven of iron straps sit atop two rows of stone columns that flank the room.  Mounds of ash have amassed around the base of each, heaped up higher than a man is tall.  Seething charcoal fills the baskets.  As the glowing chunks are of themselves consumed, the remnants trickle from between the lattice, tumbling to join the smoldering accumulations upon the floor.  Hardly do they offer enough light that a moth may find its way.
The Witch, Rueshaba, who's real name may not be written or spoken sits upon a massive polished obsidian bench, the edges cut sharply true and square.  It has neither a back nor sides nor the comfort of a cushion.  Why would someone possessing of such authority hesitate to lavish comforts upon herself?  Could it be she feels not?   A thick heavy cape of coarse fur the color of dust is draped over her shoulders, wrapped about in a manner concealing all but her deathly pale face.  So grim the expression thereupon, a corpse would appear refreshing in her presence.  A great oval mirror stands near, the glass, if that it be, red as blood fresh from a dying man's wounds.  Leona's image moves across the crimson pane as it might be seen from a certain sparrow's point of view.
On either side of milady's throne stands a tapered round pedestal of polished gold, these twice the height of a man at least.  The baskets of glowing charcoal present reflections most unique to complement their presence.  Atop each of these a narrow round cage, thick rods of hexagonal quartz crystal thereabout to keep her prizes at once safe and at bay.  Within each stands a solemn old man, his head bowed, his eyes sewn shut, and his wrists secured to his ankles with bindings of iridescent white iridium lace; the restraint of choice when magical powers are involved.  Their garments luxurious and soft, of the finest white linen, hems and cuffs trimmed with belts of burgundy colored silk profusely set of gray moon stones and diamonds.  Prisoners yes!  But still respected well above any of her other reluctant guests.
Snob was most upset at being made the fool by some arrogant smart-ass little wench.  Thus, he and his trusty sidekick Pious have come to strike a bargain with the devil-designate of these lands.  Unusually confident and at ease given his present company, one may hardly avoid calling to mind the paraphrase "ignorance is bliss."  Pious, being of the order of sorcerers is much more in tune to their pitiful situation.  Even the wrong thought could be their ending, and Snob does have a way with words some might think offensive.  They stand before a table upon which sits a small open chest, a generous heap of gold coin therein and one black pearl--her dark majesty's standard fee for terminations, providing the body need not be returned.  Rueshaba adores black pearls; she has them ground to fine dust and mixed with her wine.
Addressing her guests while looking toward her all seeing mirror, she asks, "is this the unfortunate one to whom I shall deliver your vengeance?"  They both nod affirmatively.  "Speak the word!  Let there be no doubt of our bargain."
"Yes!" say both, Snob eager to have done with the wench, and Pious eager to have done with this entire and most stressful business.
"For her an agonizing death, for you the sword strapped to her leg... correct?" 
"Yes!"
"Granted," she hisses contemptuously.  "Now be gone, vipers."
Pious encourages a hasty silent exit, being careful not to notice too much of the decor, his most sincere wish to avoid anything that may give rise to offense.  An abundance of life forms sheltered from view among the shadows follows their departure with some disappointment.  There have been times when the master announced an unscheduled banquet for her guests.  Each of her pets has favorite parts, but it's always a first-bite first-served affair.  Thus, one must be very quick or end up with something not as good--just a smelly gnarled old toe instead of a nice tender tongue, for example.
Once they've left, several things more or less alive crowd around the throne, each vying for a friendly reassuring pat on the head as any puppy might when the coast has cleared of strangers.  "Everyone thinks me the wicked one, why is that my pets?  I am but a hireling."  All quickly agree with subtle whines and whimpers to curry favor.  "These things I do are the deeds of others--those who care not to soil their hands with blood or marrow.  Every one to the last of them by far worse than I, their spirits blacker than mine shall ever be.  How unfair!  I am but a slave to their foul corrupted thoughts, yet all see me as the ruthless master of my deeds."  Could this be? a smile has come upon her face.  "I do fairly well enjoy it though, as one delights in scratching a most intense, but lovely itch."
She rises, drifting effortlessly across the room, safely bundled within the confines of her cape.  Movement of her royal personage causes quite a stir within the household; from every corner comes more of her pets.  Dark and shadowy, coarse and foul, two legged and four, with claw and talon, and hook and fang, both large and small, and fat and tall, gather one now, then gather them all, at their master's beck and call.  They know it's to be a night out, an adventure in the wood; a depraved good business with blood to spill, flesh to rend and bones to crack.  They hiss and growl, some have even begun to scrap, begging for their master's attention.  Heavy deep-throated bells toll from towers somewhere above; thunder begins to crackle and lightning sputters and flashes across the late evening sky.  For wicked is as wicked does and a wicked night surely this shall be.
Two well-dressed senior gentlemen confined atop pedestals of gold, each to the other turns ever so slightly, coy smiles strained upon their sealed lips.
--
Safely absent from this frantic home-team pep rally, an unsuspecting Leona lies contentedly sleeping.  Snuggled up for the evening beneath an aged maple.  Woodpeckers have converted the thick dead branches above into a community of condos, yet it remained well shaded.  Good for keeping the dew away, for it dampens one's spirit to rise a soggy sort come light of day.  Best about this spot is an abundance of large stone outcroppings and boulders that offer a measure of concealment from any passing near.  Ever inquisitive, the sparrow that has been sprinting from tree to tree along her way all the day now sits calmly in the self-same tree.  A silent vigil its duty to keep, lest the object of interest be lost and that would never do.
Oh, but surely something wicked this way comes!  For a mist thick as honey begins to seep through the surrounding brush.  Dense and milky, it rolls across the forest floor enveloping all within its path.  Several large rocks that stand as sentries might, they to guard a lady's bed chamber through the night, yet so discreetly bypassed as to be the lady's undoing and none the less a witch's delight.  The mist boils up over Leona's form; she struggles with her breathing, but does not awaken.
Animals have a keener perception of impending danger.  Bird, her inappropriately named pet lizard and barely 14 hours old as yet, is extremely concerned of mom's present circumstance.  Tiny nostrils flare as his head turns to and fro, trying to keep watch in all directions.  The little critter runs anxiously across Leona's vest, neither his movement nor voice capable of alerting her to the crumbling state of security.
Shadowy four-legged forms begin to permeate the mist; they grope about the area cautiously, their heads hung low to the ground.  A large narrow hand of long bony fingers with talons at their ends moves toward Leona from above.  The knuckles are encrusted with jagged spines; were it not for the arm there attached one might think it a spider.  The fingers begin to spread as the wicked appendage approaches her face.  Salivating in anticipation, the crouching beasts watch; they know after the master's first strike the struggling victim is theirs to rend limb from limb, each morsel to be savored as children might their holiday treats.
Bursting into spontaneous combustion, the hand ignites as if reaching into the unseen exhaust stream of a fighter jet straining at full throttle.  The perishing limb quickly withdraws from Leona's vicinity.  Its astonished owner retreats, her robes and hair smoldering from the intense heat.  She stands motionless facing the sky; eyes and mouth wide open attempting to relieve the intense anguish with a desperate silent scream so shrill the bats soaring above fall to earth dead.  Her hand held high above her head, the fingertips aglow like remains of dry twigs just withdrawn from a raging furnace.  The breeze encourages them turn to ash.  Flesh, if that's what it was, reduced to glowing charcoal, the bones within crumbling like spent kindling as one smoldering joint then another falls away.
Two wolf-like demons anxiously await the master's command.  The contempt in her eyes alone is enough to order them forth; both charge off in Leona's direction.  The first leaps high over the brush toward the clearing.  The demon combusts violently in mid-flight, disintegrating like a kite of flaming tissue paper.  Burning remnants twirl awkwardly through the air as they are thrown back toward the witch.  The smoldering hindquarters lay twitching at her feet.  The second lands astride Leona's legs.  Teeth glaring, it rears up to no avail, the rapidly incinerating carcass hurled back against the rocks.  There it dissolves helplessly into little more than scorch marks and glowing bones.  Rueshaba's pets continue the attack, charging blindly to their doom.  Nothing may approach the seemingly unconcerned maiden, lest it be completely incinerated, yet no flame has yet to be seen even in the pitch of night.  Smoldering remnants of leaves are falling like glowing snowflakes; the branches above Rueshaba's head smolder.  Her image gropes away wailing curses into the night; so vile are they as to make ill every spider within reach of her voice.  Even the bats cannot fly with such disturbing thoughts in the air; they take to dangling from the nearest branch till the chaos has subsided.
Returned now to the great reception hall of her citadel, Rueshaba sits before her blood stained mirror to sort things out.  She soothes her damaged parts in a vat of simmering tallow and mouse urine while munching crispy little fried reptiles.  "Where is she?" the crone commands.  "Come hither little witch.  I would know the place you hide."  Leona's sleeping image comes into focus.  The air is heavy with smoke; several fallen trees in the vicinity still burn.  Not yet even troubled enough to wake.  How can it be? the incensed hag wonders.  Nothing in all the realm has ever resisted me; who is this viper?"
She shouts to her underlings.  "Bring to me my books."  There begins a rumbling of something heavy ever so slowly moving near.  So it is they come into view, two massive wooden cabinets over twenty feet tall being tugged about on wheels worn flat centuries ago.  A dozen nasty muscular little fellows toil mightily to move each into position, one on either side of her voyeuristic window.  With a wave of her hand the doors are unlatched, swinging away to let loose their secrets.  An ancient library of musty bound manuscripts and loose parchments presents itself.  A great reading stand is placed before her and ladders arranged to facilitate the hasty retrieval of volumes she might require from the upper shelves.  Her bookkeepers stand ready to serve; each of them has donned a pair of fine soft gloves.  For none may touch these writings lest some spec of knowledge be learned or rubbed away.  Such misfortune would require the fellow rendered to wax, the ultimate service of any who displease.  Thus, have some become not but the light of a candle, their final task showing the way to another.  Unraveling the identity of this Jezebel who has singed more than pride is now number one on Rueshaba's to-do list.  She motions for one of her dearest to come nigh.  "That annoying little man whose errand we've just been on, send word he should come soon as he may to claim his prize."
--
Back in the forest, late morning finds Leona waking with a significant headache.  As her eyes open she flinches, rolling over to escape the sun's merciless intensity.  What happened? I'm late, gotta get my lazy ass in gear!  She places a hand tightly over her eyes in the hope it will relieve some of the vicious throbbing pain there behind.
"Ooooh crap!" she manages in a slow miserable tone, "my kingdom for an aspirin.  Smoke!  I've no fire, what's burning?"  She tilts her hand as it were a visor, peeking out from beneath.  The air is still thick with smoke and odors of an uncommon disgusting nature.  Instinctively she takes hold of the weapon lashed to her wrist and attempts to stand.  Ready to fight perhaps, but in no condition to deal with gravity just yet, thus, embarrassingly soon upon all fours.  A more cautious second attempt earns an honorable mention.  Upright, more or less at least upon her knees.  A maintainable position so long as she braces herself against the tree, yet still exhausted and so nauseatingly dizzy as to be totally defenseless.  It's not a warm and cozy feeling when one discovers they've spent the night in the midst of a battlefield, apparently during the battle.  The light continues to assault her eyes and her head throbs, but she's on her feet.  Well... maybe not!  Her legs buckle again and she slowly slides down along the trunk to the ground.  Feeling much as a tub of seasick pudding might, she concedes the best place to be for awhile at least is squarely upon her backside.  Fortunately, nothing out there seems to be moving.  Aside from her meager bedroll and the leaves stuffed beneath it for the sake of padding, everything within fifty feet has been scorched to cinder.  Heavy stumps of brush smolder and crackle; the forest floor has turned to a sparse frail blanket of ash.  Charred remains of unholy creatures lie about, their limbs painfully contorted, but for one furry sort seemingly cut in two by a white hot knife.  A great need to be on her way wells up among the thoughts bouncing around within her aching head.  All this smoke is bound to attract attention, but her mare is nowhere to be seen and she can hardly move.
Gotta get out of here, she tells herself.  Let's go... come on, do it, do it!  Another attempt to stand, but this time as she rises something heavy brushes her shoulder and moves across her back.  She juts away and turns; a large leathery hand tightly drawn into a fist reaches from above.  An instinctive swipe of her ever-present blade and the threat is gone.  Quick movements however, are not appropriate for one still lacking the fine art of balance.  The view from flat on her back just goes to prove that what you don't know really won't hurt you.  A huge presence looms directly overhead.  Something akin to a large baboon is tangled about the charred branches of the maple whose protection she had sought the night before.  Only the thicker limbs and trunk remain; all else has been burned away, and apparently so with no ash to show for it.  As any brave knight come to a maiden's defense the maple has served her well.  The arm to which the hand had been attached extends upward nearly ten feet to its source.  Fangs thrice those of any wolf extend from gaping jaws; a valid testament to the distress of this creature's most timely demise.
Truth be known, nothing would please her more than an opportunity to investigate.  Being nauseous however, and not having anything to throw up is such a confounding contradiction.  It would sour whatever might be gained from her inquest.  Though the idea of dragons roaming about is fascinating, being absent before the curious come near is of a higher priority.  They shall certainly have ample fuel for speculation and no doubt the great iron box will soon be dragged to this very spot. 
Gathering up her things she wobbles off toward the forest's edge.  Thankfully her mare has fared better than she; it comes to view grazing peacefully in the open meadow a hundred yards distant.  Alas, no amount of enticement seems adequate to bring it near; wiser than she, the animal wants no part of that charred clearing.  She relents, dragging herself and the heavy saddle to the mare.  Even then it takes her last apple and some earnest coaxing to calm the horse's anxieties of whatever occurred last evening.
--
Within the shadows of her safe haven, Rueshaba considers Leona's activities a trite attempt at disinformation.  "Yes, you know I watch, and I know you know.  You think to mislead with your foolish playing at innocence?  When I have learned your secrets, a special place I shall make for you among my most tormented.  Stay watchful my pets.  I would see every step she takes till the time is right."  Rueshaba looks again with great disdain at her damaged limb.  The air becomes so charged with her anger that the drapes upon the great windows of her citadel are drawn tight to the glass.
Hours pass, but her research yields nothing of this brazen invader's origin.  None dare to make a sound at times like these.  The poor creature tending the fire beneath her soothing caldron of acidic tallow all but holds his breath in fear when he approaches.  Frustrated and thus antagonized, Rueshaba abandons her research.  Now seeking the cool comfort of the imperial slab and the reluctant council of her imprisoned wizards.  Pointing to her crimson window, she demands in a deathly tone, "Who is that?"  Alas, neither has a single useful thought to add.  Outwardly they offer sympathies, all the while high fiveing each other and tumbling about joyfully within their graves.
Bird too has assumed the watch, now perched upon Leona's shoulder riding shotgun as it were.  He had a jolly good time last evening and now a thought, there may be more.  Looking back the way they've come he eyes a great old tree, dead for half a century, the branches nearly all fallen away.  The lair of an owl could that be near the top?  No owl of late therein resides, but rather just a smelly little creature hides.  There to watch and wonder what may pass, patiently it waits in service to a witch's task.
A bright sparkle is the last it will see, when comes the end of this old tree.  A spike of light unknown to any but a witch's watching window now about to die.  The demise of it akin to the final moment of a claymore mine--a very directional outward sort of decomposition.  Rueshaba flinches at the occurrence and turns to view the end of it with considerable sadness.  Smoke and flame billow from the framework where once her precious blood red window did resided.  White hot droplets of molten glass are scattered before the vacant opening.  Unfamiliar sunlight streaks the smoke-laden air.  It seeps from numerous tiny holes burned through the draperies hung upon windows in the opposite wall.  An unpleasant acrid aroma, even by the standards of this house, rises from the smoldering mildewed fabric.  Elements of the metal frame, in their haste to exit, have toppled one of the baskets of glowing charcoal with a great calamity.  Much anxiety follows while the lady of the house watches her bookkeepers dump pails of water upon the smoldering scrolls of her precious irreplaceable library.  Her lair has never been breached; the event gives rise to thoughts of things better left alone.  Crystal clear is the warning it betrays: "I know where you live, too."
With not but a devious thought she musters a horde of tiny goblins to her aid.  From every corner dark and damp, the rafters above and basements below, spiders and beetles of every sort are shaken from their solitude at Rueshaba's silent command.  Not the tiniest resource is immune or to be wasted, for if the composition lacks the faintest speck of the original the new window's quest will falter.  "Gather every scrap of it," she asserts quietly.  "Every... last... scrap... do you hear?  It must be mended.  Find every last scrap," she wails in a voice that causes the structure to shutter."  Now in a subdued tone once more as much as possible to console their fears.  "Be mindful my darlings, for every scrap you lack you shall lack a scrap as well.  Now get thee fast" she screams, "to work lest I toll the bell."  They scamper off in a frenzy to the tedious task at hand, for even now they morn the loss of any part they now possess.  Rueshaba feels a great need to torment something, but what?
--
The forest has thinned to meadows and fields of grain bordered by hedgerows and meandering stone walls.  Remaining out of sight and still maintaining her course is becoming increasingly difficult.  Soon thereafter suburbia appears on the horizon.  She slips into a private space and transforms herself back into a frail innocent maiden.  Although her sword is still securely strapped to her left calf it now remains out of sight, hidden beneath a long simple skirt of coarse sun-bleached linen.  Letting her hair down and replacing her vest with a more provocative blouse, the transition is complete.  She can only hope Bird will have the good manners not to embarrass her in public.  Walking her mare rather than riding, she decides, will draw less attention.  There will be enough of that when an unescorted female begins inquiring of a room.
Aside from the stockyards, most of the area outside the city walls is comprised of a seductive mixture.  Small cottages and garden patches abound, these artistically blended with the occasional smithy, barrel-maker or produce vendor's shed and many grand trees.
It's like never-never land and she wonders briefly what would happen if she just stopped looking for the exit and settled in, for indeed it is an enticing palatable drug.  But then, considering her rap sheet, within a month she would probably be public enemy number one.
Current priorities are: quarter the horse, find a cheap motel and convert the only item of real value she possesses into cash.  By sunset she has convinced the proprietor of a quaint little inn--the Brier Keg by name--that her sole desire is to reunite with a country lad working somewhere thereabout.  Seems he has promised to take her as his wife upon the passing of her sickly mother, an obligation which recently concluded.  Didn't bring a tear to his eye, but any unescorted maiden with the nerve to inquire of a room surely deserves the benefit of the doubt.
With the dawn, Leona has hitched a ride in the back of a produce wagon and is on her way to the big city.  The gates are manned, but the guards seem more of a statutory requirement.  Neither do they attempt to identify, inspect, tax, or hassle those passing through.  The city wall is not imposing; mud bricks six feet high and half as thick with a cap of sloped flat fieldstone to minimize the weathering effect of rain.   Certainly not a deterrent to invaders, but rather more as a division of the classes.  A notable exception is the Keep: an apprehensive pile of gray stone occupying the high ground west of the city complete with defensive battlements and watchtowers.  If there is a restricted neighborhood, likely that's it.  Not exactly a tourist attraction, as rumor would have it most who visit are escorted and once within unlikely to be seen again.    Neither trees nor structures of any kind exist within a quarter mile of the foundations so as to provide a clear unobstructed view of anything approaching from any direction.
The business hub resides at the city's center: a large stone-paved plaza including manned wells, watering troughs and shallow cisterns at each of its six corners.  The plaza hosts an open market primarily of perishables, which vanishes by the heat of midday.  Much to the administrator's credit, livestock is confined to pens outside the city walls.  A well thought-out system of public latrines is hosted by supervised former drunken brawlers paying their debt to society.  All in all, the city is surprisingly free of objectionable odors.  Around the plaza's perimeter lies a broad roadway encompassed by rows of long narrow wooden-framed shops with shuttered windows.  Few of the structures reach three stories in height, but each and every one is separated entirely from the others by a wall of stone which would effectively restrict the spread of a fire.  Beyond these the streets are set out in orderly blocks of the better shops and fine residences.  All in all expertly arranged, indeed there appears to be building codes in effect.
For a game so perfectly based upon the most minute of details only one flaw is readily detectable.  The dominant structures of any medieval city, aside from the royal residence, are the churches, yet none are to be seen here.  From a game player's point of view all this serenity and order alludes to a setup like the meadow where she and Art entered the game--too perfect, too quiet, a prelude to disaster.  Every place she's ever visited no matter how polished on the surface has a dark side, but in the light of day it does look good.  Okay, enough site seeing, back to the task: I need working capital otherwise I'm soon going to end up sleeping under a bridge and eating grass.  When in Rome do as the Romans, or so 'tis said.  Question is, how do the Romans around here do things?
Mindful of maintaining a low-profile she's wrapped Art's sword in a blanket along with a wooden plank to disguise the shape.  Trying to find a shop handling such items so as to get an idea of the weapon's street value is no simple task.  After several hours the cumbersome blade has become very heavy.  Neither is a single weapon of such caliber to be found at the market.  In fact the only swords in sight are those swaying from the belts of soldiers.  Apparently weapons of serious conflict are not readily available at this level of commerce, at least not over the counter.
The closest she has come is a cutlery shop handling hunting equipment, primarily longbows, hunting knives, sickles, scythe blades and a lot of leather goods.  Thinking back, it probably would have been wise to hack it around the crowd attempting to flush dragons from their wheat fields, but too late for that now.  Wishing a private consultation, she has loitered about until the only other customer has left.
The Merchant is a sizable roundish sly sort, but with an honest manner, about the age of 50.  No doubt he's noticed the large heavy bundle in Leona's arms and imagines some sort of proposition is in the works.  She lays the armload upon his table with great relief and the care a mother might afford her child.  Unraveling only the end, she slides the hilt out into view, inquiring cautiously.  "Would something of this nature be of interest, sir?"
"Depends upon what it is attached to.  I shall have to see it all milady."
Leona flips the folds of cloth aside and steps back to allow him space to handle it comfortably.  He examines the workmanship, paying special attention to the maker's mark.  "I don't know this mark.  Where was it made?"
"I have no idea of its origin, sir."
The Merchant is used to having purveyors of contraband extol all manner of frivolous claims as to the royal lineage or magical powers of their wares.  He is grateful for her silence.  "May I test the metal's temper?"
"I would not expect otherwise, sir.  Do as you will."
Retrieving a small chisel and hammer from his work area, he places the point on the flat of the blade just above the hilt.  Holding the tool very loosely, he strikes the very edge of the head that his hammer glances free allowing the chisel to recoil.  The chisel pops up out of his hand.  The bite can hardly be seen and examination of the chisel reveals the point somewhat dulled by the impact.  "A fine iron, milady, but only the nobles have need of such extravagance.  My customers are mostly peasants; all they ever hope to own could not pay for this blade.  I doubt as well His Lordship would care to have them in possession of such weapons."
"Are you acquainted with any who might be interested?  I would pay you a fee so long as I receive fair value."
"I could not accept a commission, milady, lest I create doubt as to my interests.  Most whom I know would challenge your right to posses such a blade and confiscate it.  I fear you could be arrested.  Wise to keep this matter hidden, as you have.  I don't believe I can help."  Leona's expression silently registers her disappointment.  "You could seek out an area they call the Cat's Walk."  He continues, "A man there called Badger deals in these sort of things.  If you go there take some hardy friends along and be prepared for the worst.  They offer you fair value though, but they may try to steal it from you."
"Thank you, sir.  May I impose further with a question, somewhat strange perhaps?"
"You do not impose at all, milady."
"What blade without an edge... would cut almost effortlessly?
"Humm, sounds a matter to be taken up with sorcerers."
"I'm sorry... I intend no offense, sir."  She flashes her eyes and pouts a bit to ease any tension the mention of magic might have provoked.  Raising the possibility of a sale to soothe things over and change the subject might be wise.  "Have you a small knife, single edged, but of quality metal?"
The Merchant produces a short stout hunting blade for her consideration.  The back edge is serrated like a saw; it could prove handy and deserves a place upon her wish list.  For the time being, a sincere interest is the most she can afford.
"Don't allow the simplicity of this blade to fool you," he adds.  'Tis of the best metal to be had in this land.  A stout blow with a hammer and this will cold-cut a chain; the edge will die in the effort, but so will the chain."
A Customer enters, a tall healthy fellow of perhaps 30, well trimmed, and one who appears to spend a lot of his time in the sun.  If clothes are any indicator, one would also suspect him to be of high station.  He's accompanied by a fancily attired lad of 12, likely his squire.  This is the first person aside from uniformed solders she has noticed availed of a side arm.
"Milord," exclaims the Merchant, nodding respectfully.  "Your boots are ready."  The shopkeeper then disappears into an adjacent room.
Leona quickly attempts to cover the sword thinking the shop keepers advice wise till there is time to consider all of her options.  Unfortunately the cloth drapes itself over the hilt in an unconvincing fashion.  The customer exchanges smiles and nods to Leona, then glances rather curiously toward the familiar shaped object hidden by the folds of material.  This could be a problem.  He moves his hand in a slow questioning fashion that his finger points toward the hidden hilt.  "May I?  Leona thinks it better to remain courteous and agreeable, for the moment at least.  She flips the edge of the material back revealing the hilt then the blade. 
Turning to Leona he inquires quietly.  "How does one so fair come to possess such a tool as this?"
She's a bit edgy at the Merchant's earlier cautions, but relents to a possible sale.  After all it's not the only weapon at her disposal.  "It was forfeit, sir... in combat.
"In combat?  It must have been quite a battle to involve weapons of this weight."
"A small skirmish actually... of a personal nature."
The Merchant quietly confides to his customer.  "Milord, I know not the maker's mark, but I would judge the metal superior to that of His Lordship's armory."
Returning his attention to Leona, the customer inquires.  "What would milady ask for it?"
Holding up the dagger, Leona addresses the Merchant.  "This blade, sir, what cost?"
"Three coins of silver," the proprietor responds.
"Then thirty and three is my price sir."
"That's all you require?"
"I've made my bargain," Leona insists. "Do you accept?"
The Squire's eyes follow the negotiations, though they tend to hesitate somewhat when they fall upon Leona.  The customer nods his acceptance and places three gold and three silver coins in Leona's palm.  "Thirty and three, as you wish, milady."
She smiles, then passes the silver coins to the Merchant, slips the sheath of the knife into her boot and graciously nods to the gentlemen.  "A fine day to you all."  She exits without further ado.
The customer's at once impressed and disappointed, his eyes follow her away into the crowded market.  Most young ladies who chance upon his company are all too eager to jabber excessively and can hardly be politely dismissed.  But, in fact, he may have preferred this curious arms dealer dwell a moment or two more.  "An appealing sort, seldom do you meet one with a mind of her own... or any at all as to such matters as this."  Turning toward the Merchant, "Did you believe her, that forfeit yarn?"
"She does not chatter idly as do most.  But also consider, is there any creature more deceptive than a fair young maiden can be... when she wishes it so?  None sir, there is none."
The customer addresses his young Squire for the fun of teasing.  "Well lad!  I know she's turned your head, for she's turned mine.  And if you've paid attention then you've learned of things that may serve you well.  A merchant is a good judge of character, lest he soon be a beggar.  Even so, she has confounded him... and lad, that is a maiden of great craft."  The Merchant clears his throat and nods in approval of the customer's observations.  "What do you think then, lad?" he further asserts.  "Is she off to seek scents to announce her presence and fine cloth to catch the eye, or find drink and potions to make this world seem a better place?"
"Neither, Sir," the lad proposes.  "If that were her desire, why would she purchase such a costly knife?"
"Well done then!"  The Customer steps back a little surprised at the young man's grasp of the situation.  "A keen eye for what goes on will save your hide and a valuable squire make."
Leona's pleased to have unloaded Art's weapon, if for no other reason than the inconvenience of lugging it around.  Now off with not a care, having a fine new blade in her boot and a secure jingle in her pocket.  She sets a course to re-explore the city's highlights more now at her leisure; confident in the thought her disguise has concealed the unfortunate incident of tax-collector abuse.  Now if I could just find a soda vending machine.
--
Snob and Pious have returned to their hired assassin's stronghold.  Snob is eager to claim the prize of their devious venture and poor Pious, a nervous wreak.  A tense uneasy air lingers as they traverse the length of the foreboding court chamber.  Rueshaba smiles as they approach.  Pious does not take this as a good sign.  Try as he may to detect some sort of thought, the witch's mind appears a complete blank.  Looking over his shoulder he notes, rather uncomfortably, dozens of things lurking in the shadows and crowding in just behind.  They bow respectfully in consideration of her unique station, presenting the customary well-wishing and formal salutations.  She stands, or rather rises; this is definitely not a positive move in their favor.  Pious' heart has taken to pounding; he is considering options.
Quietly the witch laments.  "You concealed the fact she was a demon."  Her demeanor quickly turns to rage, "A demon with the fires of Hades at her beck and call."  She flips the cape back exposing the charred remains of her hand.  "You beg me to spill blood for you so you may sleep at night.  And for this... I am forever deformed in your service.  You would play me," she howls, "as a pawn in your wicked games?"
Snob and Pious look at each other with great concern of their immediate futures.
"I assure you, majesty, we were unaware of--"
"Silence!" she screams, holding her mangled paw forth for their closer examination.
"A lot of discomfort is involved in the making of something like this.  Although I was, at least for the moment, unable to complete my part of our bargain your payment is forfeit due to avoidable pain and suffering."
"Yes, yes by all means!  The payment is yours without question, yes indeed... entirely yours, majesty."
"I did say quiet, did I not?"
Snob lowers his head and nods a yes.
If there is any hope of escape Pious knows it is now; he must create some diversion and spirit his way out of this place immediately.  He begins to raise his right arm in a suspect motion, but finds his effort instantly restrained.  Looking to his limb, he notices something has unfortunately swallowed it near halfway to his elbow.  Their eyes meet for an instant; indeed, the creature almost seems to smile.  Ivious, as it is called, is a knuckle-muncher; fingers are his absolute delight as opposed to toes.  A big brown furry thing with small round dark eyes.  His teeth are not the sharp jagged sort preferred by his comrades, but rather flat and broad, all the more for crunching, you see.  Now there comes a most unnerving sound.  Forthwith, Pious's arm is now easily withdrawn.  But alas, all that was once beyond his wrist is gone.  Munching slowly on his sublime little treat, Ivious backs away.  He shrugs shyly as one begging your pardon as to say he just couldn't help himself.  Indeed he is smiling, secretly hoping with all his heart this foolish fellow will raise the other arm too.  Oh please!  His eyes seem to beg, for with that his master would allow he may munch another.  Pious chooses to preserve what remains of his limbs, taking hold of the bleeding stump with his free hand.  He returns his undivided attention to their host, sad of eye, but silent.  For 'tis not the time for words and really, what could one say anyway?
"Foolish boy," Rueshaba coos.  "Have you not noticed?  I collect sorcerers."  She waves her incinerated hand toward one of the elevated cages flanking her throne.  "These are some of my better specimens; you shall be among grand company."  She turns to one of her guest's escorts.  "Como, he is bleeding all over my floor, it will draw bugs.  Fix it."  A short muscular sort of man, more or less, appears from the shadows carrying a small iron box and a pair of tongs.  Setting the box upon the table, he smacks the back of Pious's remaining hand with the tongs driving it away from the bleeding stump.  Pious, in a totally submissive form of shock, says nothing nor attempts to move away.  The servant opens the box releasing a whiff of steam, then reaching in with the tongs he extracts a metal cup.  The interior is fitted with rows of tiny fishhook like barbs; in the dim light one may detect a telling dull orange glow.  Como grasps Pious's stump firmly with a stout powerful hand and drives the cap over the end; whacking it several times with the tongs to assure a nice snug fit.  Sparks flash from the metal as bits of loose hot oxide flake away.  Flesh sizzles and poor passive Pious collapses in a dead faint with his mouth wide open as one to scream without a sound.  The servant slurps some greasy ointment around the blistering edge and drags him away rather unceremoniously.
Wide-eyed and soaked with sweat, cock-sure Snob now trembles with regret.  The Witch places a finger under his chin and lifts his face to her hollow terrifying eyes.  "As for you dear boy, I hope it will not be an inconvenience to join me for dinner this evening."  One of the escorts, who has found his way to Snob's side unnoticed, drives a powerful fist deep into his gut.  The blow thoroughly knocks the wind from Snob's sails; he drops like a rock to his knees.  Another of his guardians grabs the top of Snob's head by the hair, places a foot to the back of his neck and pulls his head back.  A third fellow drives a large shiny apple into the disorientated fellow's gaping mouth.  Four more of her retinue have come forward carrying a great covered silver serving dish.  They remove the domed lid, grab Snob by the arms and legs and flip him onto the platter.  Clamping his limbs firmly now into restraints that have been riveted to the platter's surface.  They heave the cover back in place and cart him off to the ovens.  One rodent of a fellow runs alongside banging on the huge bell-shaped dome with a mallet.  Rueshaba shakes her head slowly as though to excuse the disturbance with a thought, children must be allowed their fun.
"I shall dine late.  Baste him often; those plump ones can become leathery at the edges.  Blend the tallow with sweet vinegar and dill for a broth of hoof and ear."  The attendant bows and backs away.  Feeling much better now, having vented her rage upon those truly at the cause of this entire inconvenience.  Thoughts of further retribution are set aside for the time being, but not forgotten.
--
Whereas, Snob is on his way to the kitchen, Leona mingles happily with the population.  Peddlers hack their wares; purveyors of tools, fresh fruit, and potions to secure one's good health or favorite maiden are the most popular.  Imagine a flea market comprised entirely of well-used necessities with not a collectable item or flimsy plastic foreign import in the lot.  Had the trolls not come into the mix, she and Art would probably be among this same crowd extolling the virtues their fine cookware to passers-by for pittance to secure their daily bread.
Leona's presence draws the attention of an elderly couple, members of the merchant class by their appearance.  The woman exhibits surprise and stares at first, her expression changing to a warm tearful smile.  Before her husband realizes what's come to mind and failing to catch her arm, she slips away through the crowd in Leona's direction.  Glancing back, still aglow when he calls to her, but being persistent in her quest that little choice has he but to follow.
The woman steps into Leona's view and makes her presence known with a discreet curtsy.  "Milady, you're safe."
Her husband catches up, taking her by the arm.  "Come away woman; can you not see she is too young to be whom you imagine?"  Turning to Leona the gentlemen begs.  "Please excuse my wife; she thinks you a long-lost friend."
As her husband leads her away, the woman glances back.  "I will keep your secret."
Startled at the thought of being recognized but quick to recompose before the opportunity is lost, Leona shouts, "Do you know the way home?"
"The path lies with the stars, milady," comes her reply as the woman disappears into the crowd. 
The sincerity and quickness of it has caught Leona off guard.  Possibilities flash through her mind, but nothing of rational content.  So easy to become entangled in the fantasy; so uneasy, the lingering desire to make it real.  She chalks the event up to being another clue cleverly delivered under the pretext they had once known each other.  When you sort it out, all that really matters is that she did answer when asked of the route to the game's conclusion.  The only genuine nagging question is what nightmarish event took place in the wood before she awoke amid the ashes of her campsite?  Such does not fit a game's profile; every event should either ask or answer a question and at the very least involve the principal players.
Wandering about the plaza Leona comes upon the local version of the Internet, the public bulletin boards.  Two panels under roof crossing each other such that they create four distinctly separate quadrants, each addressing a specific segment of the population based upon class and literacy level.  This is information central, an opportunity to discover what makes this world tick--a very important asset to anyone in Leona's line of business.
All the notices are original works, alluding to the fact not even the simplest ink block printing technology yet avails itself.  The first quadrant is for the simple folk, messages scripted in hieroglyphics.  A picture of a cow or duck with an indication of its cost and either a hand holding a coin or empty, as to say I'm buying or I'm selling.  At the bottom of each was a symbol matching one of the identifiable zones laid out on a map posted with the advertisements--a basic outline of the city wall showing the main streets, the square, and an indication of the Keep's position relative to the city as a reference point.  Basic and simple, but once understood, a suitable means for the totally illiterate to transmit information in a public forum.  Without exception, these notices were marked on thin wooden slats.
Within the second quadrant obviously catering to the more educated, pictures are accompanied by written descriptions and directions.  These posted on a coarse paper of sorts.  Notices of births, deaths, and weddings along with the customary want-to-buy or sell offers.  Of note were offers for lands and buildings, a fair hint the system was not a feudal society based entirely on labor bound to the land.  There were also offers to indenture and to buy and sell the indentured.  Most were associated with apprenticeships, though some involved the satisfaction of debts.
The third was an upper class version of the second, appealing more to those with greater resources.  Posted on a finer quality of paper and even a little color here, the text embellished with some calligraphy.  This would assure interested parties they were dealing with the educated segment of the population, and thus to caution, for who is the more likely to scheme?
The final quadrant was the rogues' gallery.  One panel had only a single well-done portrait of fearless leader at center stage accompanied by a long list of his accomplishments.  Aside each were edicts, laws, and proclamations, all crafted with the best interests of the people at heart, think taxes and things you can't do.  The consequences of violations fell into two categories: work in the public service, think slave labor until you qualified for social security; or more typically, termination of your contract.  On the adjacent panel were lists of executions, both public and private, and the FBIs most-wanted list.
Fortunately Leona's likeness didn't include much detail: an obvious female dressed as a man with a short sword strapped to her left calf.  Looks as if long peasant skirts are in this year, like it or not.
On a bright note, however, Beth's portrait is lovely; they have both made the official shit list.  Leona begins reading quietly under her breath.  "Prayer of absolution for Beth of Atlanta and her man slave."  She drifts into silence for a short time; then the volume comes up again quickly.  "To be executed six days hence, lest 100 gold coins be duly paid and receipt thereof presented.  Shit!  That girl is a problem... I swear.  I can afford to bail Art, but a 100, no way!  Several gentlemen of means in the vicinity have interrupted their conversation, seemingly quite surprised this young peasant wench can read at all, legal notices no less!   A privilege heretofore considered exclusively within their domain.  What is the world coming to?
Leona disarms them with a maiden's first line of defense--a smile.  "Excuse me, good sirs.  Can you tell me if I understand this correctly?  All would be forgiven and my friends set free if this amount were paid on their behalf.  Is that right?"
 One of the gentlemen steps up to the task and renders his expert opinion.  "Quite so; that is what it says."
"Are there bail bondsmen in the city?"
"Do you speak of bonded men, indentured laborers, those who work for their debts?"
"Ah, not exactly, more of those who would pay this fee now, and be repaid later with interest.  What I mean is, to be repaid in a greater amount than the original debt to compensate for their risk, or rather services in such matters."
"'Tis Moneylenders you seek then."
"Yes, where could they be found?"
"A hundred in gold to secure the freedom of two knaves!"  He turns to his friend with amazement, then begins to chuckle.  "You jest?"
"I assure you, sir, this is a serious inquiry."
"If it be serious, how then would you intend to repay them?"  Tapping the notice with a finely gloved hand, he exclaims with a devious grin.  "If you spent the rest of your life on your back you couldn't earn this amount."  Only the witnesses thereabout spare his life at this moment.
"The details are my concern, sir." She rebuffs calmly.  "But first, if you please, where may they be found?"
"The brothels and sties along the cat's walk, north of the city next to the yards.  My carriage is just there."  He points to a fine coach and four, patiently awaiting the pleasure of his company.  "If you would like to earn a copper... or two, then along with you," he nods in the direction of his coach.  "I've fine rooms at the Brovin's Inn," he continues in a snobbish tone.
Well then, there's a possibility!  Fine rooms could offer a private opportunity to cut him loose of his purse... among other things.  Playing the shy and innocent, she teases.  "I appreciate your concern, sir, but you're far too much the gentlemen to be seen with one of my kind.  I should not want to soil your reputation.  'Tis more appropriate I entertain those who reside in the gutter with the likes of myself.  I'm sure you understand; it's for your own good, sir."  His anticipation quickly turns sour and he walks off in a huff, grumbling obscenities to his friend.  Well dressed and pretentious these louts, foul of mind and breath alike.  Strange, how it is that wealth and arrogance nearly always dance arm in arm and upon the backs of those less fortunate.  Were this not such a public encounter, well she might have lifted her skirt to offer no less of her favor than a tax collector would earn.
From the corner of her eye she spots another fellow who's taken note of the encounter.  A scruffy sort with his arms folded, leaning on a hickory staff and having a bit of a chuckle.  She judges him a wild card, one who watches and knows how things get done.  Leona turns her attention on him.  "Since you are having such a fine afternoon, somewhat at my expense, sir, perhaps you wouldn't mind assisting.  I need an understanding of how this public ransom system works."
The interloper lowers his head slightly, squints, and smiles.  A little embarrassed at being called to task by this young wench of questionable intent.  He nods, accepting her implied obligation and steps forth to answer her challenge.  "I wasn't laughing at ya; no offense intended.  I was just tickled at how swift ya stuck ah feather up 'is ass.  And ya know, he ain't ever going ta figure ya was fooling with 'im."
It's been said and wisely so, the best defense is an offence.  Thus, she challenges again. "What are you implying, sir?"
He looks about to be sure they are alone, keeping his voice in a quiet tone.  "Look here now!  You're the calm little kitty, but I'm thinking ya ain't no alley cat.  Next thing ya need ta know is ya have some really pretty ankles.  Must be ya dress ain't long as ya like ta think.  Ya need ta let ya hem down till it's in the dust."  He glances around, then casually pulls her wanted notice from the board, rolls it up and slides it into his sleeve.  "I don't much like tax collectors neither.  Now listen careful.  Cat's Walk ain't no place fur ya 'cause that's ah mean bunch over there; no way err ya gonna find their gold.  Un if they catch on to ya, you'd never get loose 'cause there's too many of'em and they stick mighty tight together.  Ya gotta figure another way.  First ideas ya see is generally not the best."
Leona's a bit embarrassed at being read like a book on a bright sunny day.  "What are you called?"
"Round here, U'm Stick."
She extends a hand.  "Leo."  Their hands clasp; for better or worse she's accepted him as her confidant.
"Now, which of'um is your people?"  She points out Beth's image.  "Shoulda no'd it."  Pointing toward the ground, several feet have gathered on the opposite side of the panel.  He indicates with a nod they should move on to a more private area.  "Just ah thought now, don't ya get mad 'bout it.  If she's curvy ya might sweet talk one ah these well-ta-do bastards ta pay 'er way out.  Hundred in gold's pretty steep.  Hafta stay with'em fur ah good while, wouldn't be easy.   Hafta treat him real nice, too.  Just till she got ta be trusted; couple years I'd say, then maybe get a chance ta run off.  Better 'um getten 'er pretty little head lopped off; that'd be ah shame.  Looks like she comes with ah man slave, too; it'll help the bargain."
"That's Hale... her boyfriend.  How long have I got to work this out?"
A serious concern dawns upon her consultant's weathered brow.
"What's wrong?"
"Ya better hope 'Is Lordship don't catch wind ah that.  I'd say somehow they got the idea... see they'd be thinking she has that lad as one's been bought outright, paid fer in full.  'Cause, that's how they writ it here; means she has money, means she has friends with money, means she might get paid fer.  They'd be in the lime pit by now if Roux didn't think there was somebody ta pay up for'em."
Leona becomes pale and quiet.  "They call each other slave and master sometimes, just for fun."
"When folks use'em words 'round here it ain't fer fun.  Ya gotta go see'em and be sure they keep the tale told right.  Be six days from this morning.  It'll happen at sunrise.  They like ta get an early start up there 'cause if they burn'em they'd want the smell ta be gone 'fore lunch.  She'll be okay till dark the night before; that's when the guards 'ill be allowed ta have 'er."
"How can I get in to see them?"
"Ya go up ta the Keep, the prison side, mind ya.  Tell'em ya want to inspect the folks ta be sure they ain't dead er dying 'fore ya pay the fee ta get'em out.  You'll be allowed ta talk private with'em, but not fer long.  So don't be crying and all, be quick ta get things said that need saying.  If ya bail'em free, soon as ya get loose ah those walls go back to wherever ya come from.  Don't waste time thinking it's done 'cause his royal mind has ah way ah changing, ya see.  Be ready ta travel afore ya collect'em.  Don't even think you can get'em out any other way 'cept paying, 'cause ya can't."
"Have any ever escaped?"
"Not a one!  Got near a 180 men quartered up there, least so I hear.  Only two ways, ya pay, or ya end in the lime pit.  Nobody gets out no other way.  Ya know, sometimes it's better ta lose ah friend than get stuck in there with'em."
"Is there any place around here where that amount could be found?"
"On the best day, saying they was just paid fer ah pair ah fine coaches, the wagon smiths south of the city might have 30 coin.  Happens maybe once ah year and there's least ah dozen men on hand ta see it doesn't get lost.  Find yaself in ah hailstorm ah hammers and horseshoes ya would.  I'd say that's about the most ya going ta find in one place 'round here.  Less ya go out into the countryside and storm one of the manors.  But them folk don't throw hammers, they have swords and crossbows fer such problems. "
"Interesting thought!"
"Be sure ya find ya ah good pair ah boots 'fore ya get started after this foolishness."
She glances downward.  "Thanks, I'll add those to my wish list."
"What is it makes ya think I won't be waiting up there ta point ya out and collect that gold piece on ya head.  Once ya got in the midst ah it, be no way out fer ya if they knew who ya was."
Leona stares into his eyes for a short silent eternity; he doesn't try to look away.  "Because, you don't like tax collectors either."  Stick nods his approval.  "Do you happen to know the way home?" she adds.
"Wherever I am, that's home fer me."  Leona nods her understanding.  He turns and soon blends into the browns and grays as a leaf would be lost among all the others in a sudden gust of wind.  Leona goes upon her way.  There is much to think about and plans of deadly consequence to assemble.  To be sure, no game worth its salt is complete without a risky save, right?
--
Several cocky lads of little more than 20 years are passing a crock of brew and horsing around adjacent to the inn where Leona is boarding.  The objects of their frat mentality showmanship are a pair of giggly round-faced maidens each of whom has at least 10 kilos on any one of the fellows.  Coming down the lane with nothing less than armed robbery on her mind, Leona scarcely notices their courting rituals as she marches straight toward the inn.
Of these fools one envisions her as the prize of the day.  "I'll leave these plum puddings to you lads," he confides to his buddy.  "I prefer something with less of a bounce and the form of a wasp.  He rises and starts in Leona's direction with more conviction than suits a gentlemen's first encounter with any maiden so fair and capable.  Even more so, one whom of late has laid three unwelcome suitors in their graves and consigned another twice his size to permanent rehabilitation.  Indeed, who but a country fool with a pint of moon shine sloshing around between his ears would grab an unsuspecting, five foot six, well-armed 120-pound wasp?
With a confidence only alcohol may impart the impetuous lad steps directly into Leona's path.  She side steps, thinking their encounter some unintentional logistical error.  He immediately checkmates her new position confident he and his high spirits can sustain without consequence any blow she may offer in response.  Declaring his intentions without remorse, he sings out gleefully, "What a grand night we are going to have!"  Which is about half right; for he has failed to appreciate she is on a mission and not in a wenchable mood.  He steps forward and stoops slightly wrapping his arms around her thighs.  Then, lifting her upward buries his face into her bosom with the enthusiasm a bumblebee might employ when addressing a helpless clover blossom.  She spreads her arms as far apart as they will reach, which from the lad's point of view is a heavenly invitation.  Literally blinded by his boundless affection, he fails to notice she has clenched both into tight fists.  Retribution is swift, their romance abruptly terminated when she snaps her elbows slamming her knuckles against both ears.  So much for his response theory.  He immediately abandons his interest in cleavage, dropping Leona back to her feet--this because he can't hold the girl and his ears at the same time.  They are being pummeled with loud stinging echoes as though clasp between the halves of a recently divided hornets nest.
Within his inner ears, the balancing mechanism's gone into shock.  He reels, attempting to maintain an upright stance and with both hands preoccupied presents a perfect and defenseless target.  Unfortunately for the lad Leona has fully recovered from his initial surprise engagement.  She next delivers a knuckle encrusted roundhouse to his throat.  Thus, does Adam's apple begin wonder if Eve was really such a good idea after all?  Now faced with more serious issues--that of inhaling, and though he dare not try just yet, exhaling as well.  The discomfort to his ears has taken second place to the more critical function, breathing.
Any play of less than three acts would be deemed shoddy; and this shall not be so construed.  A sharp snap of her fine new boot to his crotch, intended more you understand to cool the passion than inflict pain.  Thus, her honor is vindicated, her virtue preserved, and she wins by a field goal.  He folds, totally disoriented, not knowing what to grab next, wishing only that he had more hands to comfort all the things that have come lately unto distress.
With a sway of her arm she's withdrawn her newly acquired hunting knife and now stands ready and willing to answer any further indignations with the letting of blood.  Wisdom has demanded she hold the heavy artillery hidden in reserve.  The lad has folded himself over on the ground rocking, reeling, and choking as one having a seizure.  Yet not the least bit aware of how truly fortunate he is that Bird can discern a fool's affection from a serious threat.  For surely, in all the realm he is the only individual that has or ever will rubbed noses with a demon.
His buddies are not sure what's happened.  Hardly three seconds have transpired and they can see the experience has been painfully incapacitating.  One secures a wooden rake and rushes to defend his fallen friend from Leona's wrath.  The gigglers are suddenly silent.  Neither can imagine why any gal in her right mind would kick a handsome horny young stud in the balls on a Friday night.
"What happened?  Did she cut 'im?" exclaims one of the victim's amigos.
Another has rushed to his downed pal while Leona is held at bay by their rake wielding comrade.  "Don't think so, don't see no blood!"  The smitten lad, curled tightly into a ball with both hands firmly locked between his loins cannot but wheeze in his defense.
"She's cursed him," berates another.  "She's a witch."
The Innkeeper, a significant presence with whom few would argue with or without a rake, rushes out to cool the situation.  He steps between the lad and his reluctant muse.  Backup soon arrives in the form of his wife, she remains near the door, a glowing iron from the hearth at her disposal.
Leona relaxes her stance.  "I should like to go about my business if you don't mind, sir;" she asserts with the snooty air of an offended debutante.  "You should take measures to see that these ruffians do not impose their ill manners upon your guests."
The lad has regained some composure though the sound of his efforts to breath are truly pitiful.  Swallowing, however, shall be put aside for some time yet lest there be considerable sacrifice to accomplish it.  Though his voice is frail and discolored, he attempts to undermine his assailant's character as best he may.  "A smuggler I say hiding things under her skirt."  The Innkeeper's attention shifts to Leona.
"Contraband... my brace!  You lout... I've a sprained ankle.  'Tis a splint... bound to my leg so I may walk with less pain and no further business of yours.  Your foolishness," she is quick to point out, "could have broken it.  I might have ended on crutches or unable to walk at all for weeks."
A pretty young wench, as Leona surely is, somehow acquires a certain edge in such matters; particularly if the mediator is of the opposite gender.  The given explanation is plausible and the circumstance, four drunks opposing an injured maiden favors her position.  In such a one sided situation even a rogue would not suggest she lift her skirt to disprove the lad's accusation.
Chivalry demands the Innkeeper come to her rescue.  "Enough!" he bellows.  "Take this jackass from my premises and come not again to annoy my guests or I'll see the constables 'ave the lot of ya cleaning latrines."
With that, Leona presents a respectable nod to her knight-errant.  "Thank you, good sir."  Without further ado she prances off to her room--with just the slightest limp, of course.
The ruffians gather up their injured comrade, and not forgetting their crook, make haste away with only the sympathies of the puddings to console.  The Innkeeper returns to his customers, stopping briefly to admonish his mate.
"And ya was concerned this wench would 'ave every cock within shouting distance at er door fur favors?  I doubt any a these lads ill be leaving a coin on er pillow in the morning."
"We can't have this sort under our roof," his wife insists.  "It was her wound him up.  You've got to put her out."
"As long as she be a paying guest she may stay," he advises sternly.  "Ya boarders ill be wanting their meal soon, and I'll hear no more of it."
--
Late in the day it was when a fine carriage drawn by a courtly pair of prancers and afforded a very proper coachman comes to a gentle halt before the Keep's prison gate.  A brutish guard watches from the safety afforded of his ever-locked assemblage of iron bars.  He's supposing one of His Lordship's guests has mistakenly come around to the wrong side.  The footman pays him no mind, stepping gracefully from his perch to arrange the exit platform, then opening the coach's beautifully lacquered door with a gracious bow.  No doubt someone of considerable means has come to call.  Is it to be Cinderella or her fairy godmother?  Neither it seems, for 'tis Leona who exits completely enshrouded in a plush-velvet hooded cape of elegant peach and lavender brocade.  The footman accompanies as she approaches the gates where two more wardens have now gathered for this rare spectacle.
Upon reaching the portal she passes Beth's execution notice to the footman, snobbishly motioning that he should forward it through the filthy bars to the guards.  Snatching the notice, the key holder declares his senior status and sends the other gate goons on their way.
"Milord and master bid me attend this wretched place," she pleads quietly, "that I may attest to the good health of this wench and her servant."  All the while she takes careful notice of every detail; the fortification's architectural features, estimated dimensions and defense mechanisms.  Even the shape and location of shadows upon the walls could be useful things to know, for if push came to shove, most likely it would be approximately this same time of day.
An imposing mass of stone, the Keep, thick, heavy and cold.  A sense of hopelessness pervades the structure and surely extends to all those confined therein.  Though the portal she stands before is at least twenty feet high the hinged iron gates baring the exit are but twelve.  Even so, were anyone able to scale it still they are doomed to fail for the upper ledge is topped with cantilevered decks of thin sharpened spikes like the quills on the back of a hedge hog.  Far to flimsy too support the weight of someone attempting to pull themselves over it would be like climbing headlong into a loose stack of fencing foils.
A siege door hangs just out of sight above and behind the opening.  Constructed of ironclad timbers over two feet thick and guided to the ground by deep channels cut into the stone walls.  A spiked bar running along the lower edge is arranged to engage a series of indentations cut into the pavement stones.  The design alleviates the inherent weakness of opposing doors with their weight supported upon hinges.  Gravity is an undeniable mechanism and when a door of this design falls to earth the opening is sealed, bound and braced about its entire perimeter. 
Yet another guard, this one wearing a helmet now joins the conference; he grunts to his subordinate, evidently thereby granting permission for Leona to enter.  The key bearer unlocks the sliding bar tethering the gates, slamming it back with a sharp clank.  At least the gates swing open smoothly absent the signature squeaking most have come to anticipate from viewing too many horror videos.  She waves the footman back to her coach and enters with a confident stride.  The helmeted guard leads the way to the cells with a certain resentment as though he has so many other more important things to do at the moment.
Once within the walls, again that foreboding clank as the gate is immediately locked behind her.  While one warden maintains the watch, the keeper of the keys returns to the guard's room about 20 feet to the left in the ground level of the adjacent watchtower.  A wide stone stairway wraps its way around the tower as it rises to the battlements.  The siege door is raised and held by two chains coiled about the drum of a great winch mounted to both the wall and pavement by iron lugs.  This in turn powered by a gear train and turnstile large enough to accommodate four teams of draft horses.  A hand lever maintains the latch that restrains an escapement mechanism used to regulate the rate of decent. That single lever is the key to sealing off the prison yard.  Leona is escorted cross the vast deathly quiet space.  Along the walls all manner of clutter.  Carts and wagons of every sort, piles of cut stone and timbers, storage lean-tos stacked with firewood, barrels, and crocks--every available space around the perimeter is utilized.  It appears His Lordship is plagued with the same inescapable dilemma as every household on the planet, just too damn much junk to fit in the basement.  On the right is a high wall with no windows and only a single ironclad door at the yard level.  Joints in the masonry have been trowelled flush and smooth to eliminate handholds or ledges which might facilitate climbers.  Interior walls jog about randomly such that the area narrows to a roadway about thirty feet wide; this extends straight away for at least another two hundred feet.  Riders come and go at the far end, horses are being led about and a significant amount of manpower is present.  Billets for His Lordship's troops and stables for their mounts would be a reasonable guess.  A call to arms could bring mounted soldiers into the courtyard almost immediately.  Prospects for extracting Beth and Hale by any means aside from paying the bounty are dimming quickly.
Collateral facilities within the yard's activities area include an elevated platform of open ironwork with a burning stake at its center, a gallows to suit a party of six, and stocks, some of which are occupied.  One of the residents confined thereto has either expired or doesn't mind the crow standing on his head pecking at the back of his neck.
The guard leads her to a series of constricted blind alleys on the left side of the yard.  Stopping at the second of these, he points into the gloom while motioning toward the left.  "There!"  His job more than well done he's off to rejoin the gang at happy hour.  Leona is left completely unattended to seek out her friends.  Their cocksure, lackadaisical, no-one-would-dare attitude offers some consolation.  The alleyway is lined on either side with deep narrow cells secured of iron bars.  Unusually high ceilings combined with the cramped access have cast everything into grave shadows, though the sun is still slight above the horizon.
She ventures into this sordid realm of iniquity curtailed.  The air is rancid, a blend of decaying straw and human waste.  The first two compartments appear vacant; the occupant of the third has managed to hang himself from the cell's door lintel--no simple task given the effort required every shred of his clothing and there was nothing to stand upon.  Desperation of this sort is not encouraging.
Beth lights up with the enthusiasm of a child discovering the Easter bunny has just popped in with a basket of chocolate-covered marshmallows.  "Leo!" she exclaims, whacking Hale a couple of times in her special joyful manner.  "Did you hear? get up come on." her voice singing with glee as she hops about like an escaped jack-in-the-box, frizzy, frazzled, and filthy from head to toe, but smiling nonetheless.  Rising carefully, Hale makes his way to the front with a serious limp.  On occasion, his injured leg has lapsed into the realm of numb, which tends to bring the floor quickly within arm's reach.  Beth and Leona clasp hands through the bars and lightly touch foreheads.  What a relief to know her best pal is in the neighborhood.  "Look at her will ya," Beth teases.  "No matter where you end up these days there's always some diva strutting around."  Spoken with true grit and a tiny tear in each of her otherwise big bright green eyes.
"This is pretty rank.  You guys okay?"
"Compared to where we started out these are luxurious accommodations.  We only got out of the pit 'cause they consider us paying customers now.  Even have a cover for our potty, keeps the smell down but not the flies.  But around here that's like hanging with the high rollers in Vegas."
"That was blind luck," Leona advises cautiously.
"I don't care.  In this dump it's the little things that really count, trouble is most of them bite.  They even gave our back shoes.  This isn't exactly a beach, you know; shoes are really important."  Beth concedes, "I wouldn't even care if they were different colors or someone else's."
Leona glances back toward the courtyard to be sure one of the guards hasn't come round to keep tabs on her.  Suspicious of the way her escort just walked off she places a finger to her lips to quiet Beth.  His absence could be a ploy to catch her at something foolish like passing a weapon.  Thus, they might discover the secret of Beth's supposed slave.  She then checks to see if anyone's occupying either of the adjoining suites.  Satisfied both are vacant, she entreats quietly.  "You called Hale a slave... they believed it.  They think you're connected to money or at least wealthy friends."
"That'll be the day!"
"You're not listening; they think Hale really is your personal slave."
"Well... sometimes, but not lately."
"Seriously now, this getup is rented, a charade so they'll think you have rich friends.  We've gotta keep that picture in their face or it's the end of the game for you guys.  Really, Hale are you getting this?  When someone's around it's important you play the part.  'Cause If they catch-on... I'm... I'm not sure what will happen."
"Yea'sa masta, mint julep anyone?"  Hale follows the sarcasm with a profound thumbs up and an affirmative nod.
"Leo... I don't want go back inside," Beth pleads.  "You can't even imagine what's going on down in the basement; it's like the class play at some psycho ward, but it never stops."
"I think Beth and I are on the short list," Hale advises grimly.  "Do we have a plan?"
"Yeah... sorta'.  I'm working on it, but it's complicated.  I mean I know every game has it's own rule book.  There should be basic elements though, you know, like standards you can depend on, but not here.  One minute two and two make four, next thing you know, so far as being a game, nothing, and I mean absolutely nothing adds up.  Sometimes it's just too real, next thing you know it gets so extreme it couldn't be anything else but a game.  Doing the best I can to make sense of it and figure out the limits, but it's confusing.  The major difference is the sense of touch, fire is hot, water is wet, things have weight, shit stinks, how do you do that?   And things hurt too, I mean like real pain, that's not normal... is it?   And time, oh man, time is all screwed up, the time line is stretched out beyond all limits, it doesn't make sense.  Like how long have you guys been here?"
"Forever," Beth replies with a frown.
Hale clarifies Beth's understanding of time.  "I make it six days, maybe a week."
"Right, nearly a week now," Leona reminds cautiously.  "We didn't sign on for Marine basic, games play for hours not weeks.  So what the hell is this?  You didn't just lose points--you get your knee tore up or a smack to the head!  It just can't be this way, Something's wrong, I can't figure it.  Doesn't any of this seem strange to you guys, or is it just me?  
"Yeah, now that you mention it, my leg does hurt.  Funny, it never crossed my mind anything was out of place though."  Hale shrugs his shoulders.  "You're right I guess, but I don't see any way of getting around it, do you?"
No!  That's the problem--there's no option here, no time out.  I don't see the door.  Come on, help me out... I need a hint.  How did you guys end up in here anyway?"
"Started out really nice."  Beth responds, reviewing their brief history as law abiding citizens.  "We woke up in this perfectly quaint little room, everything was so cozy.  I guess we were supposed to be married.  Ha!  Anyway, next thing we hear this whining, you know, like instant children."  She gives Hale a little nudge and smile.  "Wish I had my cell to catch his expression.  Turns out to be this giant, I mean really big orange stripped cat, the Alice in wonderland kind."  Her expression turns sullen, "I hope somebody's feeding her.  Anyway, so while I played with our new kitty, Hale went down stairs to check things out.  Turned out, like we inherited a pottery outlet; is that cool?  Okay, so, whatever.  We opened for business, right?  Next thing you know, I mean it wasn't even two hours and some jerk drops a flowerpot or something.  So, what can you do?  Like Hale goes out to collect, and they get into it.  But this creep had a crew, you know, bodyguards... and they all jumped on Hale; just started kicking the shit outta him."  Beth points affectionately to her new slave.  "While the turd that caused the whole problem, he steps back to enjoy the show.  Well, nobody was paying any attention to me and I was standing right behind him.  There was this big heavy old shovel propped against the wall."  She fidgets and cocks her head a little with a devious grin.  "I'm sure it had his name on it.  So I whacked the SOB, wasn't a love tap either.  Leo, it made a sound you wouldn't believe; just like in the horror movies.  Next thing you know we're in the paddy wagon, cart actually.  I looked back, his crew musta set the place on fire 'cause it was going up in flames.  Along the way people were throwing garbage at us.  A pair with a bite out of it hit my shoulder and landed in my lap.  I threw it back, didn't realize they were just trying to be helpful.  Wish I'd a kept it.  Then they dropped us in the slammer, and I do mean dropped."
"Wait, something's wrong;" Leona suggests, "everybody was supposed to get weapons and--"
"Oh, was that for me?" Beth supposes.
"Was what for you?"
"A hatchet, I guess."  Beth surmises with a shrug.  "When Hale went to check on our investments, I opened the closet.  Wasn't a built-in, you know, one of those big furniture like things."
"An armoire?" Leona advises.
"Yeah!  Anyway, I wanted to see what kind of outfits I had, almost got clobbered when this big hatchet rolled out.  I mean like an extra large pizza pan on the end of a fence post."  She shrugs, "I couldn't even lift it."
"That figures.  Hale probably got a slingshot."
"It was a knife, big one;" Hale recollects.  I remember now, lying there on the table when I went downstairs.  Never dawned on me that I should have stuck it in my belt or something."
"Yeah, I know what you mean," Leona agrees.  "You have to get in tune pretty fast around here or it's over."
"So where's Art?"  Hale asks.  "What's he up to?"
"Branched out, you could say... he's kind of in the catering business right now.  How's your leg?  Can you get around okay?"   
"Could be better," he informs discouragingly.  "My knee's messed up, throbs sometimes.  My foot goes numb if I walk on it for more than a few minutes."
"Could you run if you had to?"
"Trot along for a while maybe, a short while."
"Don't worry," Beth assures.  "I'll hold him up."
"Do you think you could ride a horse?"
"I'd give it a serious try," Hale advises, "long as it was moving away from here.  Problem would be getting on one; ribs are bruised pretty bad too."
"Shit!  Stay off of it much as you can.  When the time comes we may need to move out fast.  Beth, how about you; ever ridden a horse?"
"You mean on the merry-go-round, right?"
Bird's pointed little head pops up; he looks around, notices Beth staring back and disappears back from whence he came.  Beth's eyes light up.  "Hey!  What was that?  Are you aware of something living in your bra?"
"That's Bird!"
"Leo, that was a little snake... with feet, not feathers."
"It's a long story."
"I'm sure... Is it housebroken?"
Hale's not surprised at anything anymore and can't resist.  "I think we have a few of those in here, Hon.  I'm sure I can find you one if you like... might have fur and a long tail though."
Beth is not in the mood for sarcasm.  "If you can't offer some constructive element, just go away, okay?  This is a time for positive thinking."
Hale limps back to the straw heap and eases himself into the pile.
"Leo, this is no fun anymore." Beth confides in a serious tone. "I'm tired, this place smells bad and I'm getting itchy.  Hale and I have been penned up together, I mean like totally inseparable... for five days now at least.  He hasn't even touched me, not even a nudge," she whispers.  "It's like being married.  If we don't get out of here soon, it's going to ruin a good relationship."
"It's just as well," Leona says with a sense of caution.
"What!  I can see it's time you and Art took separate vacations.  I recommend Acapulco."
"Probably right, but that's not what I'm getting at.  This is serious, very serious.  You've seen the guys that run this place; they aren't too sharp and... well, they're kind of unregulated.  Stay out of sight, in the shadows, in the back there.  Let Hale collect the grub or whatever.  Don't do anything to attract attention to yourself, especially making out.  Last thing you want to do is give one of these goons any ideas, understand?  The rules didn't cover a time-out because something's not fair.  What I mean is, there may not be any way to turn them off once something got started."
Beth nods her understanding. "Got it," she sighs in a whisper.
Sounds of someone approaching stir the sober atmosphere to caution.  An old woman in tatters comes nigh--the cleaning lady one might suspect.  Round shoulders and nearly bent in half for the years of toil she has traded likely against some minor infraction.  She's taken a motherly fancy to Beth, perhaps seen as the daughter she never had or one lost along the way.  First casting a shy, but suspicious glance toward Leona in all her finery, she then turns her warmer attentions to Beth, producing a bruised apple from a fold in her apron.  A real treasure under the circumstance and probably a significant sacrifice on the old woman's part as well.
"See what I found ya!"  She says in a whisper, "Sweet I'm sure it is, too."  She passes the apple through the bars to Beth, cautioning softly, "you need this for ya baby."
Beth flinches, then responds just as discreetly.  "I told you, I'm not... that way... really."  She insists, then turning her eyes to Leona with the innocence of a child caught in the cookie jar.  "It's just not possible."  Leona responds with only a sly smile.  Beth rebukes her insinuation.  "I'm not!" she repeats sternly, but still so quietly that Hale remains unaware of the topic under discussion and so most surely, she is and knows it. 
"Yes you are dear." the old woman counters politely.  "I know it from the scent of you."
"Now there's a compliment," Beth relents with a sour look.
"And a fine stout lad like your man there it'll be, too," the old dear adds with an assuring smile.
Leona takes the old woman's hand. "Your concern for my friend is appreciated and I thank you."  Take these, you know how the system here works.  Get them and yourself whatever you can." Leona has placed several coppers and a dozen lead strikes in the old woman's palm.  "Can you tell us anything of the way home?"
"To the garden of Iris ya need go, can't see the way fur ya though."
"Thank you."
"Go now or pay," comes a gruff edict from a brawny silhouette standing amid the alley's entrance way.
"Hang in there, and keep Hale off that leg.  I'll be back soon as I can."  The group disperses, Leona rejoining her grim escort for the fifty-yard stroll toward the gates.  The keeper of the keys emerges to grant her exit from his dismal domain.
She inquires of him, "Are you the master of this gate?"
"There is none but I." he declares smugly while toying with his beard.
Leona snaps her thumb, propelling a silver coin in his direction.  The ring is sweet to his ear.  He snatches it from the air like a dragonfly would secure some unsuspecting morsel on the wing.
"See that the girl and her man servant are well fed and not bothered;" Leona announces boldly, "it will be greatly to your future benefit."  Anyone hopping to ply the jail keepers' natural sense of compassion and secure a bit of comfort for a friend's final days dare not offer up less than a copper, but silver, well, now your talking loud and clear.  He opens his palm to see what he's caught then acknowledges her generosity with a slow courteous bow.  No doubt their will be considerable debate this evening as to how such spoils shall be divided for 'tis likely none of these rogues have ever touched a silver coin before.  Leona tries to appear as aloof as possible, strolling casually to her coach as though no care would dare to trouble her.  Her rented footman again humbles himself as she approaches; the door is opened with grand fanfare.  Expensive this charade, but necessary and not unlike any Hollywood production where image is in fact everything.  Dangling the prospect these two unfortunate guests have wealthy benefactors may buy some time, slight measure of comfort and hopefully restraint from their captor's desire to torment.  Jolted back into the soft leather seat as the team pulls away, the need of a bold plan plays upon her thoughts.  Lingering there also, the morbid reality that from history's point of view bold ventures are attributed only to those who have succeeded.  Whereas, those who have failed were obviously misguided fools with any recollection of their deeds soon forgotten once the bodies were buried.
Her thoughts are spiraling with possibilities and the probable consequences are not a pleasant place for the mind to dwell.  I've got to get them out of there.  These trials are mine, I'm not sure why, but they're mine not Beth's.  It's not fair.  and now she's pregnant, give me a break!  Come Oonnnnn! This is right out of the Hollywood play book  Somebody has been watching a lot of old films and making notes.  Chill... So where are we?  I don't think I'm dealing with complete psychos so logic should be the best course.  Problem's two fold, but basic enough.  First the time line and second, there are very few places in this historic framework or realm or whatever where a girl might snatch a hundred in gold all in one spot.  So, what are my options?
No such thing as banks, everything's cash and carry.  All the liquid assets are in the hands of top dog and his underling lords, or the crew that runs the Cat Walk.  Which, as it is apparently tolerated, brings us back to underling lords.  All the available weapons systems are seriously dependent on blunt force manpower.  So, all I need is a large, well coordinated special forces unit that can function without coms, RPGs or helicopters... not likely!
Short term cash hoards, two options.  A tax collector, and from what I hear they stay in secure fixed facilities and you go to them.  Which brings us back to a full frontal siege.  I wonder if that thousand in silver for the dragon's head is really out there?  I suspect it's all show and no go.  Four days out and back, no time for planning, finding it, swiping it, and if it's not there at all or I can't get at it, no time to execute a backup.  Beth would be finished.
Stick's suggestion, and a wise one at that, the sugar daddy option.  But, given her condition neither daddy nor Beth would go for that and not likely to fly well with Hale either.  Be a lot easier to pull her out of some villa than Roux's dungeon though.  My charms certainly aren't worth that kind of cash in this town or any where else for that matter.  Maybe I could interest someone at a serious discount, fake it till I find his stash.  Get real! bastard be dead soon as the light went out.  Running out of options here, Leo."
"What's left? investor scams.  Well, I didn't have to cross the Brooklyn Bridge to get here, nor did I notice the Eiffel Tower on the horizon so monument sales aren't going to work.  Besides, way too much time required to set up a mark.  But hey! there is my stock and trade?  With the right stuff I can make some pretty weird things happen, 'least as far as these people are concerned.  There is bound to be an Alchemist somewhere in the town and this is a fantasy roll playing game right?  Every game has three primary elements; The evil sorcerer, Roux is onboard for that part.  Dragon lore, though the local version is not much to brag about there are fools enough around to count that in too.  And last but not least, some fuzzy faced old turd that claims he can turn lead into gold!  Good old smoke and mirrors, the stuff of fantasies... Might work.  After expenses I do have at least two genuine gold coins left to salt the ruse.  I think I'm in business.  If I rig up some batteries I might be able to avoid the investor gimmick and go with counterfeits.  Stuff has to look good.  Besides Beth, someone is going to have their head on the line too if it goes south.  Could be less risk trying to fool a tax collector anxious for his commission than one of the local millionaires who have likely been approached by scammers before.
Laying her head back into the thick plush cushions she closes her eyes for a moment's deep reflection, but it shall be denied.

Chapter-8

GAMES WITHIN GAMES AND DREAMS AMONG DREAMS,
WHICH ARE REAL AND WHICH ARE NOT, BUT THOUGHT TO BE?

Sounds of the horses' hooves clopping along are covertly transposed to that of vague but familiar voices.  The joggling of the coach diminishes more and more till finally all is still.  The background conversation is clear now, the clipity-clop of her rented team has ceased.  Leona opens her eyes to find herself sitting across the small candle-lit table from Art.  He suspended in deep concentration over his predicament as kitchen knave and as much removed from her presence as she from his until just a moment ago.  Okay... Nobody's like 'Oh, you're back.'  So where've I been if not here?  Over her shoulder, Beth and Hale are jabbering to one another, each arguing the fine points of unrelated topics.  The game master's absent from his podium, but everything else is exactly as it should be.  Everyone is present, calm, cordial, and accounted for; no one appears even slightly perplexed nor uncomfortable.  She now recognizes the yuppie male from his portrait on the bulletin board as the fellow Stick referred to as Roux, Lord of the lands and apparently the scoundrel holding Beth and Hale prisoner.
Within the crystal, which is Leona's mind, the image of the coach's interior has faded to a view of the game room.  Sanaia alerts Mark of what this change to his guest's perception means.  "She's returned again, her presence is entirely removed from the Minnon's domain.  See how she inquires of her surroundings?"
"Is the spell broken?" Mark asks with concern.
"No, as you see in the stone her perception of the room's interior is as we would have it, not as it is.  Rather, her participation has been suspended, a defense of sorts.  Somehow she's accomplished this, an effort to stabilize her thoughts, regain her footing.  Great doubt still lingers as to which is real and which is not.  That's why she's done it... to test this environment against the other."
Mark rises, feeling a need to make his presence known within the game room.  Sanaia catches his sleeve.  "Mind you, sir.  She has a very forward and aggressive sort of disposition at the moment.  If you go out there just now she may challenge you to explain what's happening.  And as you've accepted the burden of game master for this endeavor; you may not decline, in fact you are compelled to answer truthfully."  Mark exhales deeply as one beginning to realize he's becoming more and more entangled in a web of his own making. 
Leona waves her hand slowly through the candle's flame; it's hot.  Now caressing the soft drink can on the table, it's cool, the shroud of condensation is refreshingly damp.  Recently acquired no doubt or it would have warmed to the room's temperature, though she has no recollection of how she's come to possess it.  Everything seems solid and real, yet a moment ago hadn't she flipped a silver coin to some roguish fellow seemingly in charge of hell?  That coin was cold, too, and hard enough to sting her thumbnail when she snapped it into the air.  The sound of it rang as clear as the soft background jazz she is listening to right now.
Upon returning to the podium, Mark avoids eye contact with his guest of honor.  There's no need to give the impression her activities are being monitored, nor to instigate a challenge.
Lord Roux, better identified as the male of the yuppie team, as we stand now on reality's side of the playing field; rolls the dice and flips a card.  He pouts playfully, an expression of concern arising as he shares it with his partner, now the Consort.  "Treachery in the ranks, my dear; the seeds of revolution are brewing a bitter tea for us.  I shall hang them all," he declares with an assuring nod.
"The spies dear," she advises insistently.  "Use the spies."
Placing another card from his reserve of defenses over the first, he raises his sight expectantly.  Sanaia's tray has become more welcome since first they met; he's practically come to flirting, but then that personality developed during the binding has slipped into the Minnon's realm where Leona should be also.
"And how many choices am I permitted on this occasion?"
"Only one, sir."
"Will it be a good one?" he teases.
"I have not the means to say, for that which is good to one may be tragic for another."  With that she smiles while he selects the fate of his conspirators.  He appears to have found a welcome conclusion to his dilemma, slamming the card down with great delight.
He turns to his partner with an aloof expression, awaiting the recognition and praise deserved of one possessing as he does of so much natural talent.  "Treachery begets treachery, they are found out.  How shall we reward their misdirected intentions my dear?  To the gallows do you think, or one of the machines?"
"Much too quick, no fun there.  Consign them to the stake; I'd prefer they squirm for a while when the fire's are lit."  Thus, fate's hand has snatched up some poor fellow to suffering, or has it brought a pail of oil to the wrong pile of kindling?
A somewhat disgruntled Art casually addresses fair Leona without even the courtesy of looking in her direction.  "I can't believe you just left me there."
"You left me... remember?" she replies with the same curtness.  "And you haven't the resources to support my quest.  Beth and Hale are in deeper shit, you can afford to wait.  I expect our exit will be under hot pursuit.  Given a choice, I'd advise you stay where you are so I know where to find you in a rush.  You get froggie and run for it, you better plan on finding your own way 'cause once I've got Beth and Hale I'm not going to risk any delay searching for you, got it?"
That said, she continues to scan the room for some hint of what is transpiring.  If any of the other players are experiencing the game as she is, they hide the fact well.
Beth is sipping up the last viable drops of her root beer when Leona decides to test the legitimacy of her alternate universe.  She reaches over pulling Beth near and whispers softly into an unsuspecting ear.  "Why haven't you told me you're pregnant?"
Beth ceases her slurping and drops into suspended animation for a moment while the gravity of Leona's inquiry sinks in.  She stands, cocking her head slightly as she tends to do when something has gone off que.  "Excuse us," she pleads with a sweet smile, taking her friend by the arm and leading her off to the privacy of the powder room.
In the spell room the ever-observant sorceress smiles.  She's going to test the validity of the other game against this one.  Marwyn come to me, we must talk.
Beth drags Leona into the ladies' sanctuary, her expression uncharacteristically stern.  Leona is grinning from ear to ear at the thought there may soon be more than one Beth in the world. "You are!" Leona whispers.  "Wow!"
"Where did you hear that?"  Beth demands in hushed desperate tones.
"Amazing!"
"Amazing, my ass!" Beth demands again, "who told you that?  I took a bus all the way to Chattanooga to get those kits and paid cash, and I wore that stupid old wig and my glasses, put on six sweaters and dressed like a nerd and everything.  And you know they're not a 100% accurate anyway.  Who told you?"
"How many kits?"
"Three."
"And?"
Beth begins to shuffle around and looks toward the floor.
"Three for three!" She mutters.
"You haven't told Hale yet, have you?"
"Nope!" Beth admits, "timing has to be perfect."
"Sorry for the jolt, may not have been the best idea I've had lately.  I had to check something out and that was the only way to confirm it.  Something weird's going and it could be a big problem." 
"About seven months mine's going to be a big one too."
Leona takes hold of Beth with a comforting squeeze and soft reassuring tone.  "Trust me; in this world, you and I are the only ones who know."
"In this world!" Beth's eyes lighting up inquisitively, "Is there another... I mean like reality TV two?"
"It's starting to lean that way."
"That would be freaky."
"I have this distressing uncertainty, weird as it sounds, that I'm not altogether really here.  I just hope the rest of you are."
"Huh? Come on! You've been in outer space ever since I found you in that room full of knives.  What happened?"
"I don't know," Leona concedes, "but all of a sudden it's like I can touch smoke and feel the shape of it even though I know I can't.
"Great!  Leo, anyone else, no problem, but when you're not making sense I get a little worried."
"Yeah, me too."
"Like I said before, let's just get ouuuttttt---." 
Beth's voice fades mid-comment to a whisper as reality yields to the previous joggling about and clipity-clop of fantasy land.  Little difference which is which, for under the circumstances what's to be done?  She must hold a steady course and walk the fine line set before her till she's certain of which way to jump.
Before sunrise the morning next Leona has covertly returned to the Keep's vicinity, cautiously slinking about the forest's edge on a logistics and reconnaissance mission.  The structure is a nearly rectangular heap of stone with battlements no less than thirty feet above the ground and five watch towers thereabout.  All in all the facility is one hundred percent functional, as to say less than an architectural delight to the eyes.
The eastern bulwark parallels the city's wall approximately three quarter mile east.  As the wide roadway approaches the corner watch tower it divides, one branch turning sharply west then north along the western wall, but also continuing down into the adjacent hay fields and ultimately sweeping in a long arc southward into a dense forest there beyond.  The other continues straight ahead parallel to the Keep's foundations on the city side.  The roadway's held in place with several heavy retaining walls in a tiered fashion.  Adjacent thereto the landscape drops steeply over a rock strewn hillside for another hundred feet, then leveling somewhat to a gentle treeless fields planted to hay extending eastward all the way to the city.
Locals would consider this the voluntary entrance.  Those who visit by this rout do so without escorts to assure they don't change their mind and run for their lives.  The portal is wide open till dusk, flanked on either side by twenty foot square watch towers and ultimately protected, as at the prison, by a massive drop door supported between the adjacent tower's foundations.  A dozen guards are on hand to verify invitations introducing travelers or dignitaries from other city-states who have pre-arranged an audience with Roux, Lord of Mosheum.  The road terminates abruptly at the entrance, thereafter the ground drops off into a steep inaccessible decline which continues to the corner then west.  A few small heavily barred portals at a level well below the road's surface can be seen in that portion of the wall.  These are likely to assure the residents of the basements do not suffocate before Roux has an opportunity to send a welcoming basket and inquire of their good health.
The Keep's southern rampart is straight and uneventful, adjacent thereto more open fields also planted to hay.  About sixty feet from the corner along the western bulwark is the involuntary gate, the always locked prison's entrance with which she is already familiar.  Escorts are nearly always necessary for those approaching this portal and most who depart travel due west to the lime pits just out of sight beyond the forest's edge.
Just east of the north west tower is the service entrance and security headquarters; a hive of activity if only for the amount of hay coming in to feed and bed the horses, and near as much stable residue constantly on it's way out.  Roux's troops and their steeds are apparently garrisoned full time within the walls; hence available 24/7 at the drop of a pin, or more likely a head.
Were someone intent on taking the fortification this would be the weak point.  For if the guards could be overpowered in the middle of night without raising an alarm and the drop door release secured, the sleeping garrison could be taken at a minimum of risk leaving the facility nearly defenseless.  Even so, the task would require a hundred regulars and perfect coordination.  
There are neither outposts nor sentries beyond the walls and no secondary containment, not even a ditch.  Leona diagrams the topography, ground cover and roadways.  For every wager of life and limb requires facts and however well conceived dare not exclude contingencies.
--
Though Alchemy is considered akin to witchcraft and sorcery it is tolerated for all those holding sway over the population employ such practitioners and specialists.  Yet never do these same folk fail to condemn any who so much as mention the existence of these so-called black arts.  Alchemy at least, being a science of the elements, dares embrace a foundation in reality.  Though shunned by most, a precious few carry on in self-imposed exile as prisoners of their hopelessly inquisitive nature.  Alchemists, not the worst of criminals then, remain cautiously out of sight and yet highly prized by those having faith or shackled of dire need.
'Tis thus, Leona wanders this most secluded lane.  Nearly lost among honeysuckle vines so thick even the poison ivy may not find its way.  Hidden there, a large cottage covered in thatch comes to view; several outbuildings also thereabout, each of these the same in hue.  Above the door a wooden sign, by threads of iron there it hangs.  Letters in Greek and words known only to a few, "Alchemist" it dares declare the resident to be.  Cloistered peacefully among great weeping willows, this a quiet marshy place well away from the common folk.  A domain ruled by many snakes and giant toads who dearly love to croak.  Where great flies of dragon's namesake hum about, slender bodies of iridescent blue upon gossamer wings they float.  Willfully defying every concept gravity might imply, and ever so cautious of any passers-by.  Has this maiden come upon their quiet bog to reside, or as some, seeking not but a tranquil place to hide?  Narrow windows obscured by vines, baskets of flowers and drying herbs dare the curious to peak inside.  Purveyor of remedies, concoctions and mixtures to soothe, a proclamation to assure no evil sorcerer there within abides.
Entering, she finds the interior an artist's still life of ancient apparatus, magical devices and mechanical contraptions.  Seeming a particular emphasis upon exotic containers and models of flying insects, the proprietor perhaps aspires to be the Icarus of his time.
A quaint little lady, at least a century on her calendar and looking favorably toward the next, eyes her guest.  She displays the sort of curiosity a child might, having found a new sort of brightly colored bug.  Quietly she sits, but very much attuned in what appears to be the world's first and only rocking wheelchair.  A bay window close at hand, enclosed by a lattice of reeds and threads, several small birds thus confined to keep her company.  They twitter and chirp with excitement heralding Leona's unfamiliar presence.
The dear old girl maneuvers a counterbalanced, gimbal-mounted device with the appearance of a window.  The contraption includes four small round panes of glass--another first, quadrafocals?  Without a word she proceeds to carefully check Leona out, bottom to top.  Of special interest is the tiny face staring back from the edge of Leona's blouse, in particular the red trident-shaped iridescent marking under the creature's chin.  In just the right light, they appear to shimmer and glow as that of a ruby-throated hummingbird.  A tiny detail none would notice from any other point of view and come to think of it, neither would they want to.  One could assume this a very important indication of the maiden's rank within the world of sorcerers and witches.  For none before are known to harbor such a pet, 'least with such intimate adore.  Leona patiently waits while the inspection proceeds and then exercises her undeniable authority.
"Good morning milady, and how are you this fine day?"
"Oh my... a fine day it is, yes."  Thus, acting as official receptionist the dear gives a little tug on one of several cords dangling from the ceiling.  Within a few moments, the Alchemist, a short, stout gentlemen appears at an adjacent doorway.  Upon his shoulders at the moment the upper portion of what appears a leather prototype for the first hard-hat deep-diving helmet including a crude air hose, made it appears of gut, dangling from the top.  Unlatching the protective faceplate, he swings the tiny window aside, all the better to see his new customer.  Mom winces at the pungent aroma that follows after him, but relents and motions anxiously for his immediate attendance.  Removing the apparatus with a great exhalation of relief, he bids Leona wait a moment and hastens to mom's side, bending down to listen with a hearing funnel.  Mom's words never fail to impart great wisdom especially when the funnel is requested, for thereby she can speak so softly that even when company is present they may not overhear.  And even were they less a revelation, is it not after all the place of every good son to be mindful of his dear mother's wishes?
"The dragon" she whispers, "which half the realm searches for, know ye why it shall not be found?"
"No Mom, not the slightest."
"They are very wise in both thought and deed," she continues ever so quietly.  "They can walk in plain view yet unseen.  Even now, one stands before us, yet as it were not there at all.  See you keep a civil tongue, deny this sorceress nothing... or we are toast!"
"Yes, mom," he rises from the conference, turning to Leona with a cheery but cautious disposition.
"My name is Hemmil.  How may I serve thee, milady?"
Leona has been tuning up her sales pitch, for the fate of her friends depends desperately upon this fellow's assistance.  If he declines, she may be forced to take granny hostage, which would be very uncool by any standard.  "I intend no disrespect to a wise and learned man such as yourself."  A little buttering up never hurts.  "As a student of your craft I have knowledge you may find useful, knowledge I would gladly share.  That is, in exchange for certain materials and services you alone might provide."
Leona's respectful attitude is disarming given Mom's misunderstanding of her preeminence.  That she would ask rather than demand or threaten is a great relief.  Mom at first feared that by some odd quark her inquisitive lad had offended some unknown entity and this witch was the agent sent to resolve the dispute.
"I can show you the way of a flame ten times as bright as a candle, and properly employed, hot enough to cut cold iron as a knife would slice bread.  And another, sharp as the breath of any dragon to bind it together again."  The mention of dragons causes the Alchemist to flinch, but he maintains his composure.  "Indeed if all goes well I shall make lead appear as gold, though in truth, lead it shall remain.  These secrets are yours if you will help me play my enduring game."
With such enticements, Hemmil hardly needs his mother's warning to encourage cooperation.  But claims are to be taken with a grain of salt, for deeds are quite another matter and charlatans abound.  He remains distraught of the notion this young maiden will be rummaging through his cherished possessions however.  Neither does the prospect she may expend ingredients nearly impossible to replace tickle his fancy.  Alas, however, he is not the sort to disobey his mother.  And truth be known, both concerns are preferable to becoming toast.  "Mother grants you license to do as you will; my apothecary is at your disposal."  Those last few words are truly difficult, but looking to mom for reassurance, he is pleased to see her beaming smile of agreement.
A great feeling of ease comes over Leona; she responds with a respectful and most sincere hug.  "Thank you, sir.  Your kindness may save my friends from the gallows."  The touch of a sorceress--Wow!  For a moment, Hemmil's not sure if he is still to be counted among the living; surely his heart has skipped a beat.  General consensus foretells of those so embraced as having lost their will, if not life itself.
Thus, Leona has set herself no less a task than that attempted by every wizard, witch, fool and sorcerer of lore, both real and imagined; the humble transformation of lead, the most base and manageable of metals, into the stuff upon and for which empires and fledgling corporations are built and destroyed.
Every con requires working capital and this venture is no exception.  Thus, her next order of business is to convert as many possessions, meager as they are, to currency.  The necklace of ancient coins, a few rings and river pearls discovered in the gypsy's wagon are the only items left to sacrifice.  Though it is of well-worn bronze pieces, she comes away from the trading with four coins of silver.  A revelation, the old coins must have been more valuable than she suspected.  The rings and other tiny treasures net seven coppers more in total.
With the silver she purchases a light, well-crafted two-wheel cart and a second horse to help pull it.  Then promising to add her fine leather saddle to the bargain for the inclusion of certain modifications.  The tongue is to be replaced to suit a team, with a bit of extra space for a small narrow bench there between.  The axle remounted to a set of fine limber carriage springs, and the ends set with brass sleeves so as not to wear upon the support pins.  Iron rings are to be heat-shrunk and bolted about the wooden wheels like barrel hoops, and the wheel bearings enlarged and bored to accommodate thick lead inserts with brass sleeves.  For this time and place, such modifications are the equivalent of installing a roller cam, three deuces and a nitrous oxide tank on the family's old Chevy.  The tailgate is to be extended by two feet of good oak and hinged on both sides as well as the bottom with removable pins.
"Yes, and I shall have a stout plank of oak two feet wide and three feet high securely attached to the back of the driver's seat and another to that with hinges along the left side.  A heavy leather strap wide as my hand with buckles must be installed at the center to fit half again the girth of your apprentice there."  She points out the lad riveting the iron ring of a carriage wheel at the anvil.  "And two others, half as wide sturdily fixed from top to bottom on either side.  I've asked of your standing; all pronounce you a man of your word.  I must have your pledge this be complete with the rising sun three days hence."
"My word is my bond," the smith proclaims with pride.  "You shall have your cart just as you desire, milady."
Leona extends her hand.  The smith hesitates, turning his soiled palm to view; she takes a firm grip of it, sealing the bargain with a firm snap.  "Done then."
Once off and out of sight, "Never seen the likes of that," the smithy remarks to his apprentice.  A wench with such exact demands, 'tis not a good sign, lad.  She need tend to her pots and children; 'least till the hay needs stacking."
"Are ya going ta do all that stuff, sir?" the apprentice inquires with some reserve.
"Yes, I've said I would; the bargain's been struck and she has paid in full.  Man can't go back on his word or we would soon be earning our bread at less profitable chores."
"But she's taken the saddle she's promised off with her."
"Would ya expect her to stand here for three days while we fix her cart, lad?"
"No, guess not."
"Have ya ever ridden a horse without a saddle?  You got to think, boy, it is to be a two-horse cart.  I'm thinking she only had the one she's riding 'cause she just bought another from me, that makes the two.  When she's back to claim her cart, she'll be bringing the horse 'cause it's a two-horse cart she wants.  So the saddle ya see, it'll come back with her.  Do ya see how that is, lad?  Besides, I have the cart and the horse, and nearly all she's paid for them.  So ya see, she's the one to be trusting us to keep the bargain."  The apprentice reviews the sequence of give-and-take in his thoughts for a moment.  He nods rather an "I suppose so" than a complete understanding and returns to his forge and cherry-hot iron.
While the wagon smith soups up her sporty new APC, Leona is off to gather the materials to deceive and confound her antagonist.  First to the potter's shed for a sack of moist clay, therein her metals of deception to cast.  "And I shall have six square crocks in each dimension the size of a man's foot.  And a basin too, twice a foot wide and three times as long, but only half as deep.  Glazed and fired watertight, inside and out, one and all."  Lastly, a basket of finely powdered quicklime from the potter's kiln for a very special cake.
Then to the barrel maker for several uncommon kegs, one only a foot and a half tall and another very peculiar in every way; of its purpose one might think surely to catch dragons.  "I shall need the staves on one end to extend beyond the closure by the length of your middle finger.  There is need of a bunghole the size of an egg at the center of the recessed end with six more around in a circle no larger than a nail.  Each of them to be tightly fitted with a tapered brass plug."
"The smaller cask is to be half the size of the others in each way, but of hard locust, sir.  No less than four times the normal thickness with hoops covering its entire length, one upon the other... three times over!  Both ends must include a plate of iron over the wood and likewise securely embedded within the staves.  There is to be but one hole in the side, half the size of a copper and midway between the ends.  Two heavy iron bars shall be forged round about it with a sturdy handle riveted between them.  Finally, I shall require a standard ale keg set in a cradle so as not to be rolling about."
"Most unique, this small cask," the cooper implies.  "May I ask of what use you intend for it?"
"The purpose is my master's business, sir; I only know what he requires, not why.  It should be of no matter so long as I pay for the service and receive it well-done."
"I assure you everything made within my shop is well-done, milady," he asserts with pride.  "This curiosity shall be no exception."
Next to the foundry for metals, His Lordship's own as a matter of fact.  'Tis a foul-smelling, filthy and miserable place where the heavy work is done by men in irons.  Prisoners of His Lordship's dungeons, granted dubious favor for their strong backs.  Art was fortunate Klena had taken on his debt; it would have greatly complicated matters had he ended up here or in the mines.  Spinning a tale of her father's need for things of which she has no understanding is the simplest way to avoid questions.  To power her mechanisms of illusion she bargains for several small lead ingots, lead sheets, a basket of coarse unrefined ore and some very expensive thinly hammered copper foil.  With flirty smile and playful manner, wondrous promises are made of which there is no intention to keep, but they do invariably earn the blushing maiden's discount.  
Now to a vender of dry goods for the makings of a spider's lair, a coil of strong hemp twine for weaving webs of treachery to confound any who dare pursue.  Paint bound of linseed oil to keep it secure in the rain in tints of brown, yellow and green to color her cart all the less likely then to be seen.  Beans, rice, salt, simple utensils, and a shallow cast iron pot, the likes of which she once had many, is added to her lot.
Her war chest is nearly depleted, not but a single silver coin and six coppers remain where 14 coins of silver once hid.  Yet to be found the deterrent of choice: a reliable longbow and at least two dozen good shafts.  The two gold coins remaining from the sale of Art's sword must be conserved, lest her deception fail for the lack of a proper hue.
A tinker's the final source of elements critical to her devices; but the sun has yet to proclaim the hour of noon and proper selection of certain components requires light even less than the moon.
Returning to the Apothecary to begin her great deception, she finds Hemmil nervously waiting to see what disarray she will impose upon his helpless domain.  Attempting to ease his tension and assure her presence is not a threat Leona displays her gatherings for the day.  This, to dispel concerns she may conscript major resources from his stash.  "Whatever tools I may borrow," she assures, "I promise I will return to wherever they were found.  None shall be taken nor lost.  I have no desire to disrupt your experiments, sir, and shall make every effort to keep your things in good order."  A substantial portion of his workshop has been set aside for her conjuring and witchcraft.  Apparatuses safely relocated and the hiding of everything he hopes to preserve stealthily accomplished with great haste this morning during her absence.
Not the least aware Bird's presence has secured their relationship, her foremost desire is to prove her worth to this bargain.  Magic of this magnitude demands she bake a cake, one requiring temperatures very near those of a foundry.  Blocks of hardwood must be roasted without access to air, thus forming the necessary dense charcoal fuel.  A lean-to at the rear of the workshop houses the primary tools of every alchemist: a furnace, a kiln and a great leather bellows to force an air stream into the appropriate vessel.  A stout young lad has been commissioned for the next morning to labor at the bellows and fuel for his task must be ready.  Leona loads a large iron tub into the furnace chamber, fills it with blocks of oak, and slides an iron plate over the top.  Though coal would be preferred none is to be found, nor is it even known to exist.  When the vessel is heated to normal wood-burning temperatures the air will expand and expel itself along with any residual moisture still within the oak.  She fuels the furnace with kindling and small logs and sets it afire.  By morning the oak will have been converted to a low-grade coke, hopefully capable of baking a stone cake.

Chapter-9

TURNING LEAD INTO GOLD IS EASIER THAN MAKING DIRT.

The most critical element of her deception hinges upon how faithfully she can cast lead reproductions of the gold coins still in her possession.  The Alchemist's tools are crude, but still the most accurate to be found.  Aside from the miller's water-driven grinding stones or the mechanism for lifting the Keep's siege gate, machinery does not exit here.  Alignment and uniformity are the keys to success in the high art of counterfeiting.  Leona retreats to lessons first learned in second-grade art class, impressing objects in moist clay to make pretty designs, with appropriate refinements of course.
A small mallet activated by a length of hemp thrice strikes a chime hanging upon the wall.  Hemmil immediately interrupts his task.  "Pardon, milady, my dear mother calls.  I shall be just a moment, if you please."  Looking toward Leona, he hesitates as one waiting for permission.
"I'm fine with that, sir.  There is no great discovery to be missed this morning."
He nods shyly and shuffles off to see what dilemma mom has envisioned now; for three chimes is the equivalent of a fire alarm.  As he enters the sitting room Mom motions him come near.  She seems calm--much too calm for a three chimer.  She always speaks very softly when something has agitated her; thus, he must first retrieve his listening funnel.  Cocking her shoulder in a quaint little-old-lady sort of way and smiling ever so slightly, she drops the bomb.
"My boy, have you prepared His Lordship's elixir?"  She tweets softly as a bird talking to itself.  "The coach I think has just arrived."
"Oh dear!" he croaks nasally, a panic attack well upon its way.
"I thought not.  You must also suggest to our guest, in a very polite way, mind you, best it would be were she to remain unnoticed.  For you know how inquisitive old Botch can be and we have not a good answer for her presence, do we?"
Hemmil scampers off, wondering exactly how one might graciously suggest to a sorceress that she should at once make herself scarce.  He approaches Leona, who is quite involved with her counterfeiting preliminaries, clearing his throat to get her attention without actually interrupting.
"You look vexed, my friend," Leona responds cordially.  What problem must be solved?"  The shop's door chime rings out followed promptly by a brief proclamation announcing the arrival of His Lordship's messenger can be overheard.
"Best I am not to be seen, do you think?" she whispers.  Hemmil nods agreeingly.  "Where then shall I be?"
He points timidly toward a half-open door at the far end of the workshop.  It leads into a dark cobweb-laden storage lean-to.  Quickly scanning the work area for any incriminating items, she retrieves her two gold coins and departs.  In less than a flash she's quietly disappeared into the shadowy lair of things long since lost and forgotten.
A sigh of relief pleasantly descends upon Hemmil, though short-lived, for he must hasten to the sitting room, receive his guest and make excuses.  Thus, he stiffens up and exits with a confident bounce.  His salutation is preceded with a gracious bow, no simple task for one his age.  "Master Botch," Hemmil acknowledges.  "Please convey my humble blessings to His Lordship and all his trustees of Mosheum our fine city.  I hope this day finds you well and in good spirits."
"Yes, yes, as well and good spirited as any.  There are many tasks to occupy one in my position and I must get along with them, you understand.  So, may we proceed?"  Sir Botch nods to an accompanying servant who passes an exquisite wooden cabinet to Hemmil.
"Yes milord, immediately, the last of it is seeping through the filters just now.  If I may be excused then?  I shall have His Lordship's balm straight away into the flask."  Botch waves a hand excusingly.  Thus, Hemmil shuffles off to his laboratory, where once out of sight frenzy ensues.  A web-enshrouded jug is exhumed from a shelf beneath one of the tables.  He pries out the stopper, carefully taking the slightest whiff.  Whoa!  He recoils at the odor which produces a ghastly expression; that jug is resealed and exiled to a top shelf.  He continues, cautiously sampling the aroma of several others till the bouquet of a squat green crock brings a welcome nod of approval.  Hemmil extracts a fine glass vessel from the messenger's cabinet and places a funnel therein.  A second glance reveals a caterpillar has wedged its way into the tapered spout and turned into a hairy crust, likely a causality of the residues.  The obstruction is ejected with a thin stick and an exuberant puff from the small end.  He tops His Lordship's decanter up with an oily, honey-colored concoction some might define as laudanum with a spirit, and others, absinthe with a thud.  It matters not whether the green fairy now wears garlands of apricot or opium has taken on thundering overtones.  Either way, the consumption of this stuff cannot but initiate mind-altering experiences and an inescapable desire for more.
Returning to the sitting room Hemmil returns the cabinet to His Lordship's agents with a courtly bow.  The servant removes the decanter and pours a half shot for the Alchemist.  Poor Hemmil graciously accepts, throwing it back in a single gulp.
His head shudders briefly.  "I believe it more palatable blended with a hot cup of plentifully honeyed tea; but I shall concede the details to His Lordship's desires.  Though I would not presume to instruct, as always I must caution, sir, this is a potent restorative; one must respect its authority."  Hemmil's voice is beginning to squeak, he struggles to continue.  "Restraint is the key to its effectiveness; a certain measure of danger does exist in using too much... too often."
"Yes, yes, I understand.  'Tis indeed reassuring to see you stand behind your potions.  I fear there are some who might be tempted to conceal treachery amongst their services to Lord Roux."
"A terrible thought Sir Botch, terrible, terrible indeed."  They bid each other formal farewells and Botch is off to annoy other good citizens of the city.  Hemmil returns to his workroom and flops with some unsureness into a chair.  "You may come out, milady," he advises in a sickly tone.  "The wretched fellow's departed."
She is quick to emerge from the spider webs.  "I think something has died back there."
"'Tis where the cat drags its victims.  The beast is well fed, I see to that, it has no need of them.  But it continues to kill... like some in our midst.  For the joy of it I suppose."
"You look ill, sir.  Is there anything you require?"  She begins to approach, but Hemmil stays her advance with a sleepish wave of his hand.
 "Nothing may help.  It's that confounded potion; I have no antidote for its stupefying effect, befuddlement is my reward.  I'm obligated just as His Lordship's cooks to consume a sample as reassurance no poisons have found their way into the mix."  He inhales a great lingering yawn and rubs his eyes, knowing that in short order he shall become as mindless as a peach pit.  "It will be noon of the morrow before my thoughts are clear or my feet capable of finding the floor.  Please see to Mom if she calls."  He rises and staggers off toward his room, dismayed and confounded of his own devices.
The remainder of the afternoon is spent measuring and mingling elements of foul intent.  These better kept from her host's curious eyes, so it's just as well her patron has retired.  By and by the sky has turned to shades of rust, lemon and plum, and mom has dozed off contentedly.  But there'll be no rest for the wicked for time has come that Leona be on her way to keep an appointment with the Tinker.  
Traveling at night is a slow perplexing concern undertaken by very few, and nearly impossible if the sky lacks at least a quarter moon.  The phases of this mysterious orb are well-known to all; for both thieves and honest men alike must abide of its scheduled flight.  Not entirely dependable though, for who shall say when clouds might flood the sky and steal away that invaluable bit of light?  Nature shall not be denied; in fact 'tis the only real tyrant of any land.  So it happens, as the chosen hour of her plotting comes nigh; some four days hence, the sky will turn to pitch.  And all the better so, for 'tis much in Leona's favor this wandering sphere of light is destined to keep appointments on the other side of night.  Even more so if it becomes necessary to invoke her brand of magic.  The intended route away being a narrow road which soon dissolves into a deep forest.  A path dark as dusk even in the light of day.  None but fools or the very desperate would attempt such folly after dusk.  But that which hinders one may serve another well, and that which hides the way may preserve them all from hell.  For one who commands the light holds sway over even the darkest of nights.  
Approaching the metal smith's shop, Leona notices the watchful gaze of his own fair lady from a tiny window in the loft above.  The citizens of this world retire early with the best intention to rise at dawn.  For the light of day is a valuable commodity of which not one moment may be wasted by the working classes.  Few in this place have more than meager resources to deny the night.  Candles and oil lamps are expensive and so reserved for the early hours that one may begin their day's work with the cock's crow.  Uncommon 'tis sure that anyone would be doing lawful transactions after darkness has fallen.  The Tinker, however, is pleased to have a customer at any hour who offers so great a reward.
Earlier, when first she visited to inspect his wares, curious requests where made of his talents.  Among other things, 120 fine slivers of copper were ordered to be carefully cut from the thin hammered sheet she provided.  "They must be no wider than they are thick" she has specified, "and each the length of my index finger at least.  And a 120 more, these only half as long, but five times as wide."  Indeed, this maiden's requirements are among the most curious he has ever been asked to execute.  Earlier, searching through his inventory of expensive brass bowls and plates she had selected several, each having a slightly different shape and curvature.  "Of these good sir, I shall require each be polished on their inside only to as bright a finish as you are able."  A lucrative bargain to accommodate her needs has been negotiated.  On his part, the necessary labor and materials.  For hers', the secrets of a lamp that can bring a flame upon the tip of an iron candle so bright that it may clearly show the way thirty feet hence even in the pitch of night.
Now has she come to judge his polishing skills to determine which of his pots has the most effective focal length.  The winner to be incorporated into the head lamps of her getaway cart.  Each of the bowls is propped up such that they face an uncluttered whitewashed wall.  Then, with all other flames extinguished, she slowly moves a single candle to and fro at their center.  Each curvature concentrates the beam upon the wall in a different way.  The Tinker is astonished at the phenomenon, a fair indicator this wily maiden does possess the secrets he's bargained for and the best of it is that no witchcraft is needed to duplicate the effect.  Having determined the most suitable for her needs, careful measurements are made to document the flame's position relative to the bowl.  The Tinker's been contracted to produce iron conduits with a series of pinholes at their tip, along with a suitable means of securing them between the polished bowls and the small kegs she will deliver for his modifications day after next.  Just out of sight, the Tinker's suspicious wife lingers while he and Leona draft plans and debate the best means of constructing her devices.  As the assemblies need be absolutely stable dimensionally if subjected to severe joggling about were it necessary to get her transport into overdrive.  If a conduit were to separate from the keg or the reflectors became misaligned, the lamps would become useless, thus, appropriate reinforcements must be carefully contemplated.
For her return trip she's brought several torches and a crutch of sorts.  One end is trimmed to engage her saddle's stirrup, the other to support her wrist.  By this she may hold a torch at arm's length for an extended period that her mare feels confident of its way.  Crickets and katydids chatter to a chorus of rustling leaves, and there seems always a dog somewhere just beyond the torchlight's reach concerned of their passing.
--
Word of some wild female's scrap with one of the indigenous ruffians has spread as quickly as rumors of dragons.  A goodly number of otherwise unfamiliar faces have come around to the Brier Keg throughout the day.  All it seems are anxious to speculate as to what calling this high-strung wench pursues, and in so doing find ample excuse to consume a pint or three of booze.  In theory alone she has grown to well over six feet tall and near 200 pounds without her club.  All are curious to catch a glimpse of the Amazon who has kicked Matthew Pounds' arrogant ass--in public no less!  The Innkeeper's somewhat wary of the crowd.  Yet not having cause to send them on their way, though somewhat boisterous, all have remained on reasonably good behavior.  Though for sure, he has enticed a pair of roving constables with free sausage and ale to tarry thereabouts should order need restoring.  All who linger are within walking distance of their abodes; yet still 'tis rare to have a dozen patrons more than usual this late into the evening.
Leona's arrival, well after dark, raises eyebrows even higher and initiates another round of drinks and hushed conversation.  Offering not a glance of provocation, she ignores the stirring.
With so many coming and going throughout the day, nothing but bones and crumbs remain of the dinner served up two hours earlier, a portion of which she was entitled too.  The Innkeeper's been smitten by her fierce independence and motions her come nigh.  Thus, as her trustee of the moment and much to his wife's chagrin, he has set aside a plate of ham, potatoes and a baked apple.
"Thank you, kind sir.  I shall go to my room straight away and not cause any trouble for you this night."
"No trouble at tall!" the Innkeeper assures,  "I've sold more ale today than any fortnight past.  Lads 'ave come from near and far, some lingering the entire day.  I'm inclined ta think," he muses with appropriate beam, "'tis fur no better reason than a glimpse of thee."  And though several have boasted they'd buy her a pint, the time is nigh and none have dared.
She lowers her head as much in dismay as to hide the smile refusing to remain at bay.  "I have no inclination to dally with these fellows.  Let them think as they will.  Please see that no one comes to my door until first light and then only to wake me."  She carries her plate off for a private meal away from the attentions of her fan club.  Considering her objectives, there is a great desire to be as a fly unnoticed upon the wall.  This sort of attention can only create problems if she's forced to run.
Though her mind is awash in details; the drone of the insects and amphibians of the night are an undeniable sleeping potion.  She is soon fast to slumber and thus, perchance to dream.  Which is to entertain a fantasy within an illusion--at least so it would seem.  But know yea this, a dream is quite the private place, held in great esteem.  A lie is something with intent to deceive.  A dream is but the mind's attempt to please.  Hence, such flight of fact the Minion shall forgive of thee.  For self-delusion while one sleeps is thought no lie to be; and naught is lost nor gained by that which only dreamers see.  As to the Minnon's eye, such lacks truth or false of any quality, and thus remains unseen as that to be held privately.
--
Finding herself now within a great hall, though soon to realize she appears a child about the age of three.  She looks about as only a child may possess such innocent curiosity, yet moreover with the perception of an adult.  The ceiling is high, very high as though it reached into the clouds well above the sky and the walls are sheathed in light warm walnut and burled elm with grandiose moldings of damson plum and pecan.
I've never been to the other rooms, yet still I know what each is like, why?  There are narrow panels of bluish crystal with enchanting designs, but I can't see through 'cause their so high.  I know they're windows, and I know what view lies beyond, but I can't see anything except for sky.  I'm not very tall at this time you see.  Stately bronze borders skirt round about each.  But, how ever should I know that, is someone tutoring me?
A young maiden wearing a near translucent snow white smock glides by carrying a tray of candies and flowers, but pays me no mind what-so-ever as though I didn't exist.
 What is that, I wonder?  Smells like lemon sweets to me.  Love this floor, it's covered with fuzzy stuff, soft and warm to touch.  Lamb's wool, I think.  It tickles my toes and makes them curl as such.  I know because I've not any shoes and just the tiniest feet.  Daddy's face is fuzzy, too.  Mom giggles when he comes too near.  Talking to me like expectant father's do, as though I really could hear.  A breeze with the scent of sandalwood flows through the room.  I feel my hair float upon its embrace; lighter than gossamer it was then.  That lemon candy, please, can I have a taste?
I see a grand table at the far end of the room, lavishly set with candles, flowers and all sort of elegant dishes filled with the tastiest of treats.  The guests are waiting for me, I think.  I know mom is, 'cause I'm late.  It's not my fault! I'm walking toward them fast as I can, but they keep moving farther away.  I don't understand why; I know it shouldn't be, if only where they are they would stay.
Seems I've caught up at last, now sitting there like the rest.  No one seems upset at my tardiness; I was trying hard as I could, and one must always do their best.  Even though I really haven't arrived yet, I've always been misunderstood.  Pleased they are now in fact that dinner may at last be served, I'd love a taste if only I could.  A quiche, mom's favorite, so you know it's mine, too: four layers of cheeses, each with a different kind of mushroom and olives all mixed through.  Best part is the third layer with chunky blue and white cheese, red olives, and for all I know toadstools, too.  I love this stuff, I know I do, wish I could remember how it tastes.  Everyone looks so big, like they were giants; I'm so small compared to them, really, it's a disgrace.  They wear robes of rich bright fabric, spun by little worms I've heard, and spun upon little looms too I'm sure.
The man at the head of the table has a beard and mustache; oh my, he's big.  There are six beautiful ladies on his right.  The nearest to him, my mother, his new bride I think tonight.  She has two rings, one of gold for all to view, the other of light that none but her and I may see.  Beside each a slender young maiden stands in waiting for anything they desire to be.  The others are never very happy when daddy presents them a new bride, but he is master of this house--hence all things here must abide.  Thus, they may not but endure, yield to his desires and set his amorous adventures aside.  On the master's left sit five young men, tall and strong every one of them, each three years older than the next.  They are my brothers.  I know they are even without a clue, because they are his sons and he is my father, too.  I know he is 'cause he smiles at me, though my mother dare never tell her husband so.  My mom, though Queen of Durer she may be, carried off to paradise, pampered, plied, and seduced as these things go you see.  I love him still, though little choice had she, but neither mom nor I ever may confirm such to be.  For I happened to know she thought it all quite grand and thus, more than willingly offered her hand.  Strange, I can't see their faces, though they sit right there before me.  Some way obscured no matter how I strain to make them out, but I know who they are, or at least who they are supposed to be.  What am I doing here?  Are there not games to play?  How does all this come to be?  Are there not dragons to slay?  Is such not my destiny? though yet I am so far away.
Umm!  The aroma of a grand pudding fills my head: plums, white raisins, figs, dates, sour currents and sweet raspberries all very bright red.  Spirits of rum and brandy with the fruits abound.  Soon enough it will have my head spinning round, for I'm much too young for this rum stuff I've found.  Though indeed 'tis the best part of any banquet, be it large or small, or just a pudding and that's all.  A young maiden with long hair and flowing robes easily seen through, sets it upon the table for all to view.  A delicious dark brown, still steaming from the oven, beside it a bowl of cream whipped with honey through and through.
The others are talking, to me I think, or maybe just about me.  Doesn't seem polite does it?  I can't hear the words, but I know what they are saying.  Everyone's dismayed I'm not another boy to be.  All but my mother that is, 'cause she's just pleased as she could be, and she's the only one who really counts you see.  But why another anyway, there are five already, isn't that more than enough?  I know it is for me.  Though he truly loves his sons, but with five to carry on, why should any worry that I shall not another be?  I think father needs a daughter more than they an extra brother.  Anyway, what's done is done and what shall be, shall be.
My father outwardly agrees, but I think it mischief just to tease, 'cause I know he really likes me, too.  And mom's good as he.  Raising her glass, she proclaims to all, "It's too late now, for a princess my child shall be.  And every good king should have at least one, if you ask me."  All the while both are smiling, and sincerely so, as when lovers tease, but won't let go.  I know these things; for the realm is entirely in and of itself, you see.  And all that is there my father has wrought, including me!
My brothers care least of the lot; though they would just as soon I were not.  My being at all some might say tends to confuse the plot.  Why can't I have my pudding and cream before I wake from this frivolous dream?  For it's so grand and tasty, and I care to miss it not.
A tall narrow man with funny clothes and bells on his toes comes nigh.  A flat velvety blue box he brings; I cannot but wonder why.  A gift, how can this be?  For I am yet to draw my first breath; my mother must do that for me.  He opens it teasingly to show what's hidden deep inside; his eyes light up with wonder, and his little bells jingle his surprise.  And all the while, a silly smile, from ear to ear with great and noble pride.  There within a silver chain so fine it may hardly even be seen--a spider's work I think.  A tiny creature has hold of it, how totally discreet, with pointed head, and pointed tail, and four short little pointed feet.  Looks like those who chase bugs in the garden, at least so it seems to me.  My father gently picks it up; I just knew it was mine to be.  Feared he might break it though, 'cause his hands are really big you see.  But no, not so, he slips it carefully over my head; can't tell you how pleased I feel.  A gift he's made just for me, though as yet I am not even real.  "This is our secrete that none but we shall know, now then my little princess... off again you go.  For there are games to play and villains to slay until again you return someday."  And that was the last he ever said.  But I know he's pleased now that I'm finally back, sleeping here in this very bed.
With that her eyes open to the morning's first light.  She lies very still, trying to recapture particles of a beautiful dream flopping randomly about within her head.  Bits and pieces of a wondrous puzzle, dare she try to put it back together again?
Framed within the open window of her room a nimble spider watches from her dew-laden web.  Tiny beads of moisture caught therein, glowing orange and very bright; strings of delicate jewels gloriously displayed in the dawn's first subtle light.  Fragments of moisture, perfect in every way, surrendered of the night's cool air as it came to say, "those sweet dreams I've brought last night have now all gone away."  A rapping comes upon her door, and with that a voice.  "The cook bids you rise; there are hot biscuits, broth and tea in the kitchen."
--
Leona has shortened a pair of Art's pants, which she wears beneath her skirt to ride.  They alone are much preferred whenever possible.  Once back to the Apothecary, her first task is to retrieve the fuel prepared last evening and bake a cake.  The blocks of coke are removed from the iron tub and stacked back into the furnace around a ceramic vessel along with a small pot of lead.  On this occasion, however, they shall have all the air they desire.  One block is held back, ground to a very fine powder, accurately weighed, and blended with quicklime, then transferred into the coke-enshrouded crucible.  The fire box has been charged with kindling and fuel by the lad who's come to work the bellows.  Now one coin of copper is placed with a smile in the palm of her hired man's hand, and at that he's very well paid for his task.  She has alluded, though falsely so, that there could be further opportunity on the horizon so long as he stays absolutely silent as to his labors this day.  And so in fact half his reward is a bribe.  Like dropping a quarter into a vending machine he goes to work pumping the great bellows, forcing a generous supply of air into the furnace where the coke shall welcome its coming with a rage.  First a dull red, then orange, and finally a bright, shimmering, iridescent ball of intense heat surrounds the pot.  If the temperature rises high enough, oxygen will be driven away from the calcium and replaced with carbon.  A simple recipe of common enough materials, rocks and charred wood, but properly contained and formulated they can yield a compound of considerable potential.
The Apothecary's roof is piled high with thatch except that portion securing Hemmil's prized above all things accumulation of experimental data and formulations; the area there above staunchly  safeguarded by fired clay tiles.  Expensive, but this corner of Hemmil's tiny kingdom must be absolutely secure from that most basic and destructive of elements, water.  And better so, for Leona's ally has learned the value of the soft verity, give or take a few bird droppings and soggy insects.  Several stout barrels stand ready at the down spouts dedicated to the task of collecting it.  His foresight will serve well, freeing her from the effort of distilling well or bog water for the battery's cells and plating tank.  The quality of these solutions must be carefully controlled, being as they are the only means of regulating the circuit's resistance.  A power surge or short circuit could dissolve the apparatus in a few fiery seconds, bringing a quick and decisive end to her entire scheme of things.
Having served up Mom's carefully processed lunch, which is to say mush, and enduring yet another cautious scolding as to the hazards of having a sorceress under their roof, Hemmil enters his work space to find Mom's demon in disguise placing a pale or water on a simple marking at the center of the floor.
Leona smiles, "Good sir, there could be some danger to my next procedure, might I be left alone for a while?"
"Yes milady," Hemmil assures quietly, turning about and shuffling off.  He returns to Mom's sitting room and settles upon a small padded stool.  All was going well, or so he thought and he strains to wonder what he may have done to displease.
Mom thinks this a bad omen, for she knows he dislikes that wobbly old stool, and responds to his sober attitude with a cautious, I told you so glance.  "Is something amiss my boy," she questions.  Looking for every opportunity, as mothers oft do, to reinforce her foregone conclusions.
"She ask to be left alone," he replies in a dismal tone.
"She may be conjuring a demon," Mom dares suppose, "and doesn't want you to hear the words of the spell or his name.  We must be forewarned.  Go 'round to the garden and peek through that tiny window behind the grape vines to see what she's up to."
This sort of devious behavior is not in his character and he's uneasy of Mom's request, but usually she knows best.  Though, what's to become of the opportunity at hand if the sorceress catches sight of him spying on her.  Though against his better judgment, he discreetly approaches the cob-web laden portal.
Hemmil's soon back to Mom and in quite a tizzy.  "She's set a bucket of water to boiling Mom... a wooden bucked Mom, as though it were upon a blazing hearth.  It's just sitting there on the floor, frothing and steaming, but there's no fire!  Oh dear," Her son stammers, wringing his hands remorsefully.  "We may yet have demons joining us for dinner."     
Having calmed somewhat, Hemmil has returned to the garden, yet not sure if he wants to peek in again and glimpse some devilish creature dancing about with the sorceress.  He's nearly to it when the back door opens.  Thinking himself caught at this foolishness, he freezes, wide eyed, and tries to concoct some explanation for his presence.  Leona exits carrying the enchanted water pail.  She pours the contents out slowly on a large flat stone amidst a great huff of steam.  Many relatively uniform quarter inch tear-shaped beads roll out with the flow of boiling water.  Hemmil advances shyly with sincere hope the stone is not covered in vile little squirming monsters.  And though they appear not, from some points of view when properly persuaded they surely can be.
Leona detects some anxiety and feels an apology may be in order.  "They are lead not silver as you might suppose from how bright they appear at the moment.  Their luster soon will fade and turn again to gray.  Pellets were required for my purpose so the metal had to be poured from high in the loft that it would cool as it fell and not spatter.  Some droplets might have missed the pale and burst when they hit the floor.  I didn't mean to banish you, sir," She smiles, "but I didn't wish to risk injury to my gracious host, either.  I've as many as I need, so all is safe again."  Hemmil nods his understanding, smiles, and excuses himself.
"There are no devils coming to pick at our bones, Mom.  A total misunderstanding, All is well.  The truth of it so simple," Hemmil confesses, "I'm ashamed of how foolish I must have sounded."  He takes Mom's hands and confers a reassuring squeeze.  "We are safe, after dinner I will explain."
Pottery projects are next.  Leona mixes the lead teardrops with moist clay, sculpting the mass into thick-walled bottles with narrow short necks.  In modern terms, the lead pellets would be classified as shrapnel, a principal ingredient in the assembly of anti-personnel devices more commonly known as hand grenades.
Much to Mom's annoyance, one of her dear boy's tasks this morning is the burning of brimstone in a small beehive oven.  For there shall also be need of sulfuric acid, and just as in the modern world, offensive by-products are the price to be paid.  Particularly due to the archaic equipment cobbled together for the task.  The foul smoke must be collected and compelled to bubble up through a vessel containing heated rainwater.  Unfortunately, the crude valves embodied within Hemmil's leather bellows have not a good enough seal to create the pressure required to force the gas to any depth.  Thus, the greater portion escapes from the fluid's surface rather than dissolve.  And the interconnecting hose, a matter of stitched catgut, leaks badly as well, filling the house with the foul stench of decomposing eggs.
How tedious and demanding the efforts someone of this calling must have endured to prevail in ancient times.  Not a scrap of wire, hose or pipe is to be found.  No power aside of muscle avails itself for even the simplest task and every standard is unique to its creator.  One obstacle atop another and everything so slowly accomplished as to never be done.  Only genuine dedication could have prevailed under such burdening circumstance.  Every student of the art should be required to do a lab like this, she consoles, just to appreciate the efforts of their predecessors.
To make electrical conductors of an uncommon sort, she forms some of the soft clay into thick flat sheets.  Then she cuts narrow troughs and designs into the surface, these to be filled with molten lead.  At strategic points, wooden dials are pressed into the designs; thus, will holes be formed in the solidified castings when the charred wooden pins are driven out.  Lead cast in these troughs will form busbars to carry electrical power between the battery cells and plating tank.  Copper wire does not yet exist, and if it did the cost would be prohibitive, but lead is abundant, easy to work and relatively cheep.  The molds and grenade canisters are placed into the sun to pre-dry as much as possible.  At day's end, she will low-fire the kiln, baking them ever so slowly as care must be taken not to melt the encapsulated lead shot or fracture the containments.  If they are to burst explosively under the influence of her pyrotechnics there must be no structural deficiencies.
Her involuntary sponsor takes careful note of these activities.  Interestingly enough, there is not wailing nor incantations, no flailing of the hands, nor even exotic organic ingredients.  Indeed, no sigh whatsoever of witch's craft.  Each procedure is carefully orchestrated, neither time nor material wasted, and every goings-on is as basic and common as weeds.
Now, a metal smith she must be.  Taking hammer and chisel to anvil, she cuts the lead sheets into sizes suitable for her cause--that of constructing plates for the most simple and basic of consumable batteries.  For it is electricity she absolutely must have.
A long and tiring day is near concluded and Leona has not eaten since the sun first shown.  Therefore, it is with considerable eagerness she welcomes a bowl of Hemmil's spicy stew.  Barley, lintels, and onions with fowl and many peppers.  As it turns out, while the furnace was baking her magical fuel cake, a clever little chamber built into the side has granted them two loaves of freshly baked bread as well.
The final order of the day is a test to assure her recipe has properly composed itself.  Good Hemmil, ever inquisitive but indeed courteous, has graciously limited his inquiries to very few.  Always mindful to avoid any issue of a personal nature, but seemingly concerned of her plight.   blacksmith's tongs are employed to extract the glowing vessel from Hemmil's furnace.  The contents have fused into a single clump and declines to exit the crucible gracefully.  Laying the crock over upside down and applying a few light taps with a wooden block for motivation, an encouraging "thunk" her reward.  A hard bluish gray biscuit has emerged.  With hammer and chisel she breaks the clump of calcium carbide into pieces about the size of acorns.  The prize is stored in wide mouth clay jars, each sealed with a wooden plug wrapped with a thin soft strip of waxed leather as a gasket.  Even the humidity could cause the compound to deteriorate, and any outright contact with water would initiate a untimely and destructive reaction.
The sun having consigned its duties to the moon, shroud of night sets now upon the land.  An excellent time to show off, hopefully!  Leona sweeps up the remaining crumbs of the biscuit, placing the debris into a small crock.  Now all the candles save one are extinguished.  Pouring just a trickle of water into the crock initiates a great foaming and bubbling event.  A crude, long-stemmed tin funnel is placed upside down over the top to contain and direct the escaping gas.  With considerable pride, she announces, "For your assistance good sir, the first of the fires I've promised."  Bringing the flame of the last lit candle near the top of the funnel, the acetylene ignites with a "pop".  A brilliant white flame the length of one's finger juts from the opening.  The interior of the room is at once as though the roof had been torn away on a bright sunny day.  Things thought lost are suddenly evident in the nooks and crannies where they've been hiding beneath thickets of cobwebs and dust these many years.
Hardly containing himself, Hemmil calls out. "Mom, come quickly!"
Mom has wheeled herself to the doorway, cautiously peeking around the corner to see what's happened.  After all, there is a dragon in their midst, and this intense light may have been the end of her own dear boy.  Even Bird has emerged briefly, taking note of the event, thinking perhaps a cousin has come to visit.  "Properly contained and mixed with a pointed stream of air," Leona advises, "this flame is hot enough to cut cold iron well as a saw can divide a wooden plank.  And if need be, mend it back together again."
Placing a small polished tin bowl in her palm, she is able to direct a concentrated beam, as though the light were under her command.  A magic eye as it were, clearly showing the finest detail of anything upon which it alights.  Setting the lamp on the floor, she scans below the benches as a beam may venture to places the open flame could not seek.  Treasures banished by his father, condemned to be lost forever in the dust, come to view at last.
Spiders and such shriek away in terror.  For a hundred generations to come they shall relate to their young the legend of the day of light, at the time of its coming, thought by the scholars of their community to be the beginning of the end of the world.
Leona is relieved to have her creditability validated; had something gone amiss that trust could have never been rebuilt.  With this, she feels Hemmil will keep her confidence and contribute his best efforts willingly to her cause.
"The furnace has driven power into the rock; now the water sets it free.  Everything has power locked within; we need only find the proper key.  This flame will soon draw short and expire as any other would.  Only the lime ash will remain; just as it began so shall it end."
Under her breath mother cautiously adds a sprig of wisdom.  "All things return to their beginnings no matter how grand they may have become."
"Well said!"  Leona compliments, nodding her agreement.  "I must be on my way now or I shall fall asleep before I've found my pillow.  Till morning then, a pleasant night to you both."
The comforts of pillows are set aside for a while as her schedule demands the day's preparations yet incomplete.  Owls question her presence and bats flutter haphazardly overhead as she wades through the high grass at the edge of the road south of the Keep for contingencies need be addressed before the appointed hour.  It was a cautious trek as she dare not use a torch and risk her presence be noticed from the watch towers.  There are no roving patrols, nor dogs.  His Lordship's confidence in stone walls and his iron hand are a fool's paradise.  Several hours later, her late evening chores now complete, she welcomes sight of the inn.  Yet again arriving well beyond the hours kept by any maiden of a respectable character, more rumors forthcoming no doubt.  All well deserved as not, for what but devious are this femme fatale's every waking thought.  She dismounts, slips her skirt over her cutoffs, and walks the last fifty yards to belie her arrival.  Wishing to avoid the curious congregating therein, she slips into the kitchen through a back door.  A silent disconcerting glance from the innkeeper's wife welcomes her.  Still Leona nods respectfully, rounds up some toast, a portion of cheese, and a cup of tea to carry her through till morning.  Slipping into the hallway sly and quiet as a cat and without a glance toward the drinking area, she glides quickly away to her chamber.
The moon is getting sparse, thin as a field hand's worn-out sickle.  Her window faces the waning light, no need then of a candle to enjoy a meager meal nor find her pillow.
This night, the spider's silhouette and her beautifully engineered web completely envelop the window's opening.  Leona considers for a moment wiping it away to save the moths that will surely perish there before morning.  But why, isn't the spider entitled, as the hawk who's caught an unfortunate sparrow, the fox with its hare, or indeed, Hale with a helpless burger in his grasp.  Were a mud dauber to happen by 'tis the spider would perish, and not well of it either.  It's the natural order of things, as a capitalist or warlord might say, where the strong and clever prevail and the foolish shall ever die young in their service.  The trick then, to know where you stand in the line and when to step aside.  To her own ends she rightfully concedes.  After all, with an eight-legged watchdog my well-being to keep, no mosquito may come to dine on me tonight.  How can this possibly be a game?  I've crossed some kind of line here, but I didn't see it.  I need to find it, I need to know where that line is.
She crashes slowly into her bed and rolls into the quilt.  No sooner do her eyes close and she perceives a call to arms.  Or was that a call to biscuits; yes... biscuits, not battlements, I think?  Her eyes open.  Wow, that was a quickie!  A glance toward the window reveals her tiny sentry remains on guard, the light of dawn willfully displaying the creature's handiwork.  Remains of a banquet dangle helplessly in her guardian's web: delicate wings, ever so painfully lost, and tightly bundled leftovers, snacks reserved for the afternoon tea.
Oh! that her enthusiasm were equal to that which break of day imparts to the birds; who would not bound into the air and fly away?  So many different voices and each no doubt with something important to say.  Certainly would be nice to tarry a while, just snuggle up and listen to their songs.  But for Beth, confined to that filthy cage, no, even a moment's delay is too long.  At least she's got Hale to console her.  Yet here I lie, a spider to protect me and a lizard to keep company with, but we're a team... and Art's a real shit head.
Bird has been on guard, too; demons never sleep you know, the bedpost his watch tower from lights out till dawn.  Safer there; his charge you see is a restless sort when she dreams.  Not that her frolic and tussling about would cause him harm, but more his effort to get free might cause her alarm.  Her shoulder's still uncomfortable in the mornings, least till she's had time to twist and wobble around for a while.   The massive black and blue bruise thinning now to a lovely mixture of greenish and purple accents dwindles more with each passing day.
--
At the Apothecary, Mom's breakfast is the challenge at hand.  Though Hemmil does his best to make it interesting, adding honey and nutmeg this morning for instance, it always literally boils down to mush.  Everything for mom is cooked to mush; no matter of its beginning, mush is how it seems to end.  Lovingly, she places a frail hand upon his arm.  "My boy, when I saw that light I thought you lost, fearing surely you had crossed that witch and she had burned you to an ash."
"I think you more concerned than need be," he consoles with a gentle touch.  "In one day I learned so much; I can barely contain my wish she return.  She has made a list of mixing numbers and weighing numbers; everything fits together according to these.  Never the need to be waving a hand or reciting strange words as others do.  Not at all like Baroa, always casting her torment upon some poor creature who has crossed her path, or looking for an excuse to put the itch on your back.  Yesterday, in my haste I was about to touch something and she stayed my hand, cautioning it was hot.  Baroa would have allowed it, thinking a blister serve me right, then taunt me all the day for my error and wish me further ill 'cause of it."
"They can be soft-spoken and still mean as skunk-berry briers in the dark."
"This sorceress does not threaten to have her bidding done.  Even as the lad did something common sense would forbid, she came not with contempt, but a smile to explain his error.  There was no retribution nor ill mumblings, and she paid the lad with good coin not some worthless charm and a fools promise that his wife would be pleased of it."
"She may be all that and even kinder," Mom reminds, "but we don't know if she possesses the dragon, or the dragon her.  Who is to say which stands before us or which is the master?"
"I saw it... when she set the flame, perched upon her shoulder it was, then it was gone.  There seemed nothing special about it, mom, not even half as long as my little finger."
"Always be mindful of that creature."
"Are you sure 'tis not just some curiosity she has taken a fancy to?  Like the young fellow with the firewood cart; he always has a salamander or frog to keep him company."  Hemmil defends, "I've seen more ferocious bugs hiding beneath the worktables."
"You of all should know, things are seldom in every way what they seem.  Never touch her things either; wherever she places something, leave it.  Everything she touches will have her stain upon it; thus will it never be out of her sight even though it were hidden.  Never, never try to deceive, these things they know." Mom assures.  "I've seen it, and you know it too."
"I promise... I shall be very careful not to offend.  Still I think if she intended us harm, we would be a couple of onions by now."
"I should rather be a pepper," Mom suggests, "a sweet red one if you don't mind.  I've never much liked onions."
"Yes, Mom, I know you don't.  Your breakfast is getting cold; shall I warm it?"
"That would be nice, and some butter, too."  Mom does not find much consolation in her boy's wistful attitude, nor for that matter her comparison to an onion.  Shortly there comes a knocking at the door; the dragon has returned.  She concedes, there is little to do but voice caution in the matter and hope they shall not end up as onions, or anything else so distasteful.
Her son rushes to welcome Mom's favorite villain of late, but alas, only a purveyor of watermelons greets his enthusiasm.  Knowing she's at odds with Roux, Hemmil has actually become concerned of Leona's whereabouts by the time she's arrived.  Delayed somewhat, as the critical path of her enterprise first demanded two kegs for her lamps be delivered to the Tinker.
Upon her return, of what use he's quick to wonder, this mysterious small keg sheathed in rings of iron?  But the purpose and composition must remain unknown, for knowledge of the mercuric based explosives soon to be confined therein could bring a foul end to this simple world.  She is quickly back to her undertaking, for not a moment may be spent without good cause.  The molds encouraged to cure in the warm furnace are now fired in the kiln, several pots of lead included therewith.  Having the lead ready when the molds are first removed will allow the busbars be cast immediately.  This is desirable as the molds would still be quite hot and thus less inclined to fracture due to thermal shock when the molten metal is poured.  Care of every guise must be exercised for there is not the time to reconstruct a single element of her equation.
The tedious business of making molds for casting lead coins the likeness of His Lordship's prized gold sovereigns is next  They must be fired no later than tomorrow as the finished product need be delivered and duly certified by the day thereafter.  A clock is the most wicked and heartless of masters.  No matter what the task nothing may stop the passing of time, nor beg its pardon, not bribe, nor threat, nor smashing it to pieces, for a clock is but the messenger.  And 'tis well known, killing the messenger will not change the message.
"Uuuu-whooo!"  On that unlikely note Hemmil perks up with significant anticipation.  This is the mating call of a Millerie Minifoph.  Not a rare bird as one might expect, but a charming little gal of sixty-plus years who would never admit she was a minute over fifty.  Recently widowed, rumor having it her loving husband burst from consuming so much of her highly prized cooking.  She's not one to be left alone in the world at such a tender young age, nor patient enough to wait till some lucky fellow discovers she is available.  Millerie has taken it upon herself to find a new husband at the earliest convenience.  Much to Mom's delight, Hemmil has become Millerie's number one prospect.  True, the lad is forever busy with something, but there is after all a limit to the amount of mush and over-cooked vegetables a mom can take.  Millerie would be pleasant company--indeed a blissful turning point for all concerned.
She glides through the front door and proceeds straight away toward the workshop, a freshly baked rhubarb pie in hand and Hemmil's best interests in her sights.  The sound of a strange female's voice glares like an air raid siren.  She stops in her tracks and inquires of Mom, "Who... is that?  Never mind," she concedes softly, throwing her head back with the airs of a duchess momentarily concerned of the gardener's new assistant.
Mom's caught entirely off guard.  'Tis a tricky question, and a proper diplomatic response requires some thought.  No matter, Millerie is anxiously on her way toward the workshop to see for herself what mischief may be afoot.  She certainly will have none of this; a confrontation is imminent.  She stiffens up for the challenge and charges into battle.  Hemmil meets her with a warm shy smile at the entrance to his domain, whereupon she cuts straight to the point.
"Who is that?" Miss Millerie insists.
"My student," he's quick to respond.
"A female apothecary... how novel."  She wedges past Hemmil a bit to investigate; better safe than sorry after all.  Leona offers a smile.  Plainly, this child dressed as a tomboy is far too young to offer any serious competition.  She probably hasn't the slightest notion of how to stuff and bake a quail or whip up a proper apple strudel.  "Come alone now, the both of you, while this pie is still good and hot."  Her eyes flutter as she offers an enticing smile to Himmel.  The aroma of Millerie's pastry has permeated the entire room.  The taste of it sweet, tangy, and sublime in every way.
For the moment Leona has lost sight of her objectives.  "That was a treat," she confides delightfully.  "Thank you for inviting me.  I've never had a taste of rhubarb before.  There are so many kindnesses to repay and little time before I must be off."
"Where are you going dear?"  Millerie inquires auspiciously.
"I seek the house of Iris; do you know the way?"
"Iris!  From what I remember of me mother's tales, those Iris gals were a strange lot." Millerie asserts.  "Didn't care much for the men folk, you know.  Took up their customs and moved off they did."
"Do you remember where, or how far, anything?"
"I'm thinking they've gone quite a long way."
"I was told they might point the way home... for my friends and I.  Do you remember where they were before they moved?"
"From here, south I suppose.  It's been a long while, you understand."
"Well," glancing toward Hemmil with a smile, "time I returned to my lessons.  Thank you so much for your help and that wonderful pie.  Next chance I get I'm going to round up some rhubarb for my Granny's garden patch."  She leaves Hemmil and his lady friend to their twittering; even Mom has made herself conveniently scarce.
--
A circular hole, the slightest bit smaller and half the thickness of a sovereign has been cut into a carefully shaved wooden slat.  Backing it up with an oak block that doubles as a handle, Leona has constructed an impressing tool.  The face of her original gold coin must be wiped with a damp cloth after each impression.  That subtle trace of moisture acting as a parting agent to see none of the clay comes away with the original to mar the next impression.  Available technology precludes casting both faces of the coins simultaneously.  Thus, each counterfeit must be assembled from two separate castings.  Early afternoon finds 22 molds each with ten impressions of half a coin.
Storm clouds have begun to invade the sky.  To assure a ready supply of dry fuel she's begun carrying firewood from a shed at the far corner of the yard to the porch.  If this farce is to succeed there must be no screw-ups, for time to unscrew things there is not.  The unforeseen must be solved in advance, shortfalls adequately overstocked and calculations checked until there is no doubt.  These are the premiums on Beth's life insurance policy and each must be paid in full.
The shorter broad copper straps, each with the end slightly bent, are laid out side by side on wooden slats like a comb, 35 upon each of three.  A second slat is clamped over the first and tightly bound to hold these copper fingers in position.
The first of the cured molds is removed from the kiln; it will yield three lead bars a yard long.  Each is mated with one of the copper comb assemblies.  When the lead is cast, the resulting element will have captured the rows of aligned copper strips.  These are the hooks from which her dubious lead copies will dangle in the electrified broth.  As each mold is filled, the pot is restocked and set again within the fire.  For there must be sufficient metal to assure a continuous pour that no less than a full length solid bar shall be had.  The remaining elements are likewise cast, each differently shaped lead component to its specific purpose within the machine.
Shorter bars are clamped together and marked to identify them as a matched set, twelve pair in all.  The pairs are clamped together and a series of saw cuts are then made across the flats of each set.  In this way, when separated the cuts will align perfectly.  Sheets of lead are next set into these cuts and crimped tight with a broad-bladed chisel.  The perimeters of sheets from six of the assemblies are folded up to form shallow trays for the finely ground lead dioxide ore.  By this she has built up stacks of flat parallel plates with enough space between to insert two fingers at least, six of flats, and six of trays bound to each pair of the saw cut bars.  Fuses, a very important component of any power source, are entirely absent here.  Indeed, there is no way to estimate what amperage might rise from the cells.  The switch is but a sheet of lead tacked to a wooden block.  Turning the device on is accomplished by placing the block across the gap between two of the busbars.
Well after dark now, thunder still teasing in the distance, but alas the rain has yet to fall.  Hemmil is weary beyond words.  It's far beyond his bedtime, but he would gladly stay up all the night to observe more of her unique constructions.
"There are things I must gather in the morning."  Leona advises, "so I shall be late in coming.  It would be a great help if you would move the molds from the furnace to the kiln and fire it when you rise.  They've not dried sufficiently and I fear they would crack if I kindle it now."
Hemmil nods his understanding with a yawn.  "It shall be done, milady."
--
By the time Leona has reached the inn it's begun to drizzle, the air has cooled significantly, and the wind is gusting.  With the moon's light all but gone and the shower having extinguished her torch, it has been a slow precarious journey.  Waves of leaves swirl over the ground and all indications are that a good downpour is soon forthcoming.  The Inn's lamps are out and the windows shuttered; she may very well be spending the night in the barn.  Fortunately, the barn door has a terrible squeaking to its credit.  Intentional perhaps, for it can hardly be missed and serves well as any burglar alarm might.
Barely does she have the saddle from her mare before the adjacent window's shutter swings back.  "Who are you to be there in my barn?"  A voice from within calls out to challenge sternly, "Answer up or I'll come bash in your head."  Leona is quick to identify herself, apologizing for yet another inconvenience to her landlord.  "I thought as much," he grumbles.
"The loft will be fine, sir.  Don't trouble yourself."
"Well then, send the old vagrant sleeping up there down 'ear and I'll open your room for 'em.  For sure I am you'll think 'em some hooligan hiding in the hay.  Ee's an old friend and I'll not care to 'ave you pounce upon the poor fellow."
"Ah!"  The sky is beginning to open; this is not the time for indecision.
"Get ya around to the door," the innkeeper assures.  "I'll be there in a moment."
"Yes sir," she humbly replies with a thankful tone, then dashing through the downpour and huddling against the side of the building.  The door latch snaps and it swings aside.  She is quick into the darkness, the door then closed against the down pour and bolted behind her.  Flint to iron, and tinder to wick, thus, his candle now is lit.  "Take this ta see your way.  There's broth and potatoes been put in your room ta keep ya.  Better hurry 'fore the mice carry them off."
Only now does she realize that in the rush of things, she has neglected to reinstall her skirt.  The Innkeeper steps back, cocks his head a bit, and looks her over.  She's quick to turn a bit sideways, that her ankle brace be not mistaken for a weapon.  How embarrassing that could be, after all.  "Well then, what's this 'ear?  What's become of your clothes, 'ave ya lost them?"  He inquires, cautious as not, being well aware of her destructive potential.
Careful to hold the candle so her left side remains in the shadows, she weaves a little tale of half-truths.  "Oh, no sir, not lost, for they are left with the mare... in my haste to come in from the storm, sir.  I'm sure you can imagine how it would be uncomfortable for me to ride, as I must to earn my keep... dressed as a maiden, that is."
"Ya 'aven't mentioned how it is ya make yourself useful."
"I carry small things.  Apothecaries and such... from merchants to those needing them, those who have not the time nor means to gather such for themselves.  A small fee is earned for my trouble.  Tomorrow in fact, along with my savings I shall have earned enough for a fine cart.  Then I may transport the likes of dry goods... and earn a greater fee.  Then I will buy a small cottage with a field and build a little barn for my horses.  You shall see," She implies with pride, "I may end up delivering your barrels of ale some fine day.  I have it all figured out."
Though probably pre-occupied with his duties at the Brobose Inn, Art would likely be encouraged to find that fair Leona has just developed the concept of UPS.  Maybe there is hope she will see the light and begin to appreciate the fantastic opportunities that abound here at hand after all.
"Indeed ya do."  He smiles, but cautions, "Grand plans are easy ta come by, but the wind hereabout blows most of'em away.  What ever come a that lad ya was searching out?"
"I found the smithy he was apprentice to, but he was gone," she whimpers.  "Took up with another," sniff, "couldn't wait for me."  She lowers her head, "can't trust them, not a one."  She sniffs, raising her gaze to the Innkeeper.  "Least not the young ones anyways," she assures with a final sniff.
"That's too bad," he sympathies. "They'll be another, just don't kick the shit outta a 'em next time."
Leona chuckles lightly.
"Suppose you've planned on a fire ta dry out fur ya retire?"
"I hadn't, I'm not one made of such the rain would cause me to melt, sir.  I shall dry in due time, but thank you for your concern.  Good night."
He chuckles; her wit and the lack of good lighting have prevailed.  Now both may seek the comfort of their pillows without further imposition, and indeed yet upon good terms.  The inn keeper's wife meets him at their bed chamber's door.  She is less than pleased of all the attention this disreputable maiden garners.  "Not a word," he reminds sternly as he passes, "not one."
Leona slips away to her room, relieved the con went smoothly, but feeling just a little guilty for camping it up so much.  Had she opted for the fire, she speculates, he might have offered her the headwaiter's job.
In the morning, Leona forfeits her breakfast and quietly slips straight away to the barn, not wishing anyone else take notice of her curious flair for fashion.
--
Her high-performance rig is sitting in front of the wagon smith's barn when she arrives.  She inspects the springs, their connections, and the modified wheel bearings, checking off each alteration and verifying the security of the attachments.  All is well done, perhaps even sturdier than expected.  The smith doesn't come forward until she's finished, but he does take notice of her satisfaction with his work.
"You've inspected it top to bottom; does it meet your expectation?"
"In every way sir, fine work you've done for me.  I'll loose the straps so you may claim your saddle."
"The lad can take care of that fer ya."
"Thank you!  May I impose to have your assistant hitch the team--I need to watch and learn, you understand."  Before his labors have concluded, he's also called upon to drill additional holes to facilitate attachment of the lamps and water keg.  While loitering about, Leona appropriates a double handful of worn-out bearings to supplement her supply of lead, which has run lower than expected.  Several generous forks of hay are also added to soften the bed for her passengers.  All in all a bargain for the tidy sum of a single copper, to which she adds another for the apprentice's unwavering assistance.
"For the lad, when you feel it appropriate.  He's done well by me."
"As you say, milady."
Things are coming together; she is soon but a cloud of dust upon her way.
"Don't think ya charged her enough, sir," the apprentice is quick to lament once she's out of sight.  "The metal in them old bearings was worth more than a copper, I'd say.  Then there was the hay, too."
Forever in need of educating his apprentice, the wagon smith advises.  "Look there in the field, what do ya see lad?"
"Nothing... but the grass sir."
"Yes, green hay it is, and since the sky don't charge me for the rain, what does it cost me ta have it growing there?"
"Well... nothing I suppose if ya put it that way, sir."
"Right, now then; are we hay merchants or wagon smiths?"
"Wagon smiths ta be sure, sir," the apprentice is quick to agree. 
"Right again lad, wagon smiths, not hay merchants.  Wagons are heavy, as I'm sure you know and they wouldn't go far were there not a horse attached.  So then, naturally there are horses about--our customer's horses I mean.  In the order of things, if we treat their horses well, it comes round that we treats them well too.  And 'tis wagon smiths we shall remain so long as we have customers, you see."
The young man's wheels are turning again.  Fortunate it is that his master understands the need of lessons in public relations as well as how to mend a wheel and continues to elaborate.  "Annoying our customers for pittance of hay, which as ya remember costs us nothing, would shoo them away like flies.  If word got round, we might end up hay merchants after all.  Working dawn till dusk for a few lead strikes, that is, instead of being wagon smiths and paid in fine silver.  Do ya see how that is, lad?" 
The young man ponders the concept for a few moments, nods a yes and is about to return to his labors.
"By and by Her Ladyship ask me ta give ya this."  He places the copper in the lad's hand.
"My word, sir, a copper!"  He looks to his master with some astonishment, it being the first coin he has ever received for his labors and a fine one at that.  Forty full pints of ale dance whimsically about his thoughts, maybe fifty, or even sixty.
"She didn't have ta pay ya cause it's me ya work for, not her."
"Should I return it?" the lad wafts sorrowfully.
"No, that would be foolish and an insult ta the lady's good intentions.  Neither would serve us well."
"But, no one ever pays an apprentice sir.  Why would she do that?"
"There are those as grateful for our help as for our labors.  And ya just seen an iron strike's worth a hay ta come round near a hundred-fold in just an hour.  Now that's a fine profit," the wagon master assures.  "Do ya see how that is, lad?"
"Yes sir, think I do."  Though in truth, it will likely require considerable reflection when time permits.
From the Tinker, Leona recovers the two small customized barrels, now fitted with iron candles and polished reflectors.  He too has followed her instructions faithfully, and proudly shows off a smaller version assembled entirely of brass--a likely forerunner of the carbide miner's lamps later adapted to carriages and the first tin lizzies.  Leona points out a few shortcomings of his design, and so, now upon his way to being the Thomas Edison of his day.  When the voltaic cells for her electroplating operation are set in motion she will have pushed the technology of the game through nearly five centuries of development.  She hesitates to reflect upon what might come of this world were it to continue beyond the game's conclusion.  The formulation of her high explosive mine, were it disclosed, would likely consign much of it to ruin.
Final elements of her sorcery are gathered now from the potter's shop.  Six square crocks for the battery containments and the large plating tank are loaded into her new cart, each carefully isolated from the others by mounds of hay to assure they survive the jarring trip back to the Apothecary.
A day of following Beth through the malls has never been as hectic as this.  More provisions are needed and she is tragically light of coin.  From the open market she purchases a bushel of apples, a flank of dried salted beef, several blankets, and two hefty sacks of oats to fuel the two horsepower engine of her new get-away cart.  Last of the necessities is a sturdy longbow.  For this she returns to the cutlery shop where Art's sword was disposed of.  Only nine coppers remain in her war chest.  A tidy sum for the common man, but not much to support four fugitives on the lamb, particularly if there is need of a bribe to secure someone's cooperation.
The Merchant recognizes her as the willful lass who so impressed his wealthy customer the week before.  Thus, she's earned a bit more respect than might be accorded the average maiden curiously wandering about his premises.  Most important, he presumes she can afford most anything her heart desires.  She's taken an interest in his selection of hunting bows and he's quick to accommodate.  "A good day to you, milady.  Fine sport archery.  I've some excellent target bows that would suit a lady."
"I was thinking more on the order of one that could take down a boar, say at about 40 paces."
He waves his hand toward the far end of the rack. "Any of these would be up to such task.  May I inquire, is this for milady?"
"Yes!"
He selects a weapon for her inspection.  "Highly crafted this one, a bit more costly, but the maker takes great pains.  Assembled of thinner elements in larger number, the additional layers afford more strength to a lighter weapon.  And I assure you, he concocts the finest glues in the realm, he does.  I've never had one of his bows come undone."
Leona sets one end to the floor alongside her left foot, steps into the arc, and snaps the bow string taut with the expertise of a seasoned archer.  The Merchant muses to himself as to why he is not surprised she can string a 60-pound bow in a heartbeat.  If nothing else, her visit shall make for interesting speculation when next the noble who purchased Art's weapon visits.  She pulls the bow slowly to its full reflex several times, thinking it stiff, but manageable and smoothly drawn.  "What cost have we here?"
"One and eight, milady," the merchant coos.
"Could that price include an extra string sir?"
"Indeed it could."
"Thank you, sir.  And what choice of points do you offer?"
"For something with such a tough hide, the weighted single-bladed broad-heads would serve best."  He hands a shaft to Leona for her approval.  "The maker of these is a craftsman who abhors imperfection.  Each has been shaved to an identical weight and balance," the merchant assures with pride.
"Have you any shafts with narrower but heavier heads," she asks, looking straight into his eyes, "something that would set deeper?
The merchant hesitates for a moment, then from a leather folder below the counter he produces a shaft with a barbed head about a third the width and half again the weight of a standard hunting point.  "perhaps these, just as well made by the same craftsman.  I've heard that properly delivered, they can penetrate chain mail.  Not to infer that to be your purpose of course, but I've heard it said."
Leona examines the tip and indeed it appears up to such task.  She withdraws the fine blade previously purchased from this very same gentlemen the week before, placing it upon the counter.  "Pray tell, sir.  What credit might you consider for this fine blade, used only twice to slice an apple, but never yet to cut a chain?"  With that, she shamelessly displays her best and most humble expression.  This was unexpected, as he knows she left his shop with a small fortune just a few days ago.  Yet here again she stands, not even with new clothes to show for it.  He examines the blade to assure himself that no misdeed has crossed its edge.
"I would grant you two and five against purchases in my shop or two and two if you prefer coin."
"A fair arrangement, sir, and I humbly accept."  She adds seven coppers to the bargain, coming away with the bow and 40 matched shafts, which may in fact be spent against vests of mail.  In her haste to be off, she has forgotten a very important accessory.  The Merchant, accustomed to such oversights, calls to her before she can slip away.
"Would milady require a glove?  Plucking that string could have the hide off your fingers on short notice."
"Oh yes!"  She twirls about and in so doing tells her secret.  She returns to the counter fumbling for her purse.  The Merchant, having seen it all but empty, offers her a fine glove of tough pigskin.
"With my compliments," he nods, adding so as not to embarrass, "for a valued customer... good hunting, milady."
Leona smiles and returns the gesture, prancing out to the square with the step and air of any young lady, having just received a grand present and pleased of it.
The Merchant has overheard some of the hooligans who frequent his favorite watering hole whispering of a certain wench whose confrontation with an unfortunate tax collector has become legendary.  Though most dismiss it a foolish rumor, hearsay would have a short sword strapped to her left calf, a blade that flies to her hand of its own accord within the blink of an eye.  He has seen plenty of swords and many another strange weapon, but never one concealed as this, though certainly there it was.  For in truth, any female spinning quickly around as a dancing gypsy might, will surely have upon her the gaze of every fellow in sight.  And the faster she turns the more she teases, "Hunting boars... right!"  He concedes with a sly smirk.  Seems there's bullshit all over his floor that none but he may smell and only since just now.
Having gathered the last ingredients for her venture, she returns to the Alchemist's to assemble her deception.  The worn bearings she obtained from the wagon smith are cleaned and boiled to remove any residue of grease, then added to the melting pot.  The voltaic cells are the next challenge.  One assembly each of lead plates and pulverized ore trays are placed in opposing positions within the square crocks, this to form a single stack of alternating elements.  Wood blocks are inserted between tray and plate to assure they do not sag.  Flat stones are added to the bottom, filling the spaces between the busbars supporting the plates and the sides of the crocks to prevent them from shifting.  Any contact between the elements would short circuit the cell with a furious arc.  The posts of each bus are connected together in series with lead bars which act as jumper cables.  Attachments are made by driving out the charred wooden dials that had been inserted into the molds prior to casting, then replacing them with lead pins.  A pointed iron punch is driven into the assembly pin causing it to expand like a soft rivet.  The positive pole of the system is affixed to a bar spanning the plating tank into which two pieces of folded copper sheet have been embedded.  The negative side connected in parallel with the three long bars having the appearance of copper combs.  Thus, the framework of her electrical generating system is assembled.  When the space between the opposing sets of plates is filled with sulfuric acid, an electrical potential shall arise, or so she hopes.
The new slug of lead has liquefied; it's time to make money.  Molds of the coin impressions are removed one at a time and the lead carefully cast therein.  Molten lead has a very high surface tension.  As the impressions are filled the metal mounds up in a convex-shaped puddle.  Not nearly as high were the molds cold, but still more than desirable.  Once solidified, the tedious chore of finishing the backs of the half coins begins.  Each blank must be filed flush with the face of the mold before being removed.  This is necessary to maintain an identical thickness to each finished replica, a task requiring half the day at least.  For to maintain its cutting ability, the fine-edged file will demand removal of the soft metal clogging the serrations five or six times for each half coin blank thus finished.  Once smooth, a keen straight groove is carefully cut into half the blanks with an awl and the ridges formed thereof carefully scrapped away with a sharp chisel.  These to accept the fine copper filaments so the lead blanks may be supported from the negatively charged busbars.  Each filament yet requires a small loop be tied into its end so as to be hung from the three rows of hooks.  They complete the electrical connection between the counterfeits and the plating bath, hopefully drawing a golden sheath of creditability over her play money.
A dozen candles sit across the rear of her workbench, each with a thin pointed iron rod which has been driven into a wooden handle and placed just above the tip of its flame.  A copper filament is placed into the groove on the backside of a casting, then clamped with the mating half into the cloth-covered jaws of a small wooden wedge style vice.  The tip of a heated iron is then carefully drawn over the joint, melting the seam together.  Release the wedge clamp, rotate the coin a quarter way round, and repeat the operation with a new iron as by now the first would have cooled beyond its usefulness.  Thus each single coin is formed with a fine copper tail, and each must be perfect.  Tedious maximous as the Greeks might say, for all in all over two thousand different operations are required.  The work finished, a very tired sorceress allows her weary head to rest, just for a moment though, upon an aching arm, there soon fast asleep.
Mom's breakfast arrives with some sense of urgency.  "She's stayed all the night, Mom," Hemmil exclaims in a hushed tone.  "Sleeping at the worktable," he points.  "I don't know what to do.  Should I wake her?"
"No!  She could be conjuring a spell," Mom implores cautiously, "or under one, for all we know.  To wake her may insight a terrible rage.  Who can say what might be undone... or unleashed?  Let sleeping dogs lie, my boy.  There is good reason to heed such wisdom."
"No spell has she used to do her bidding; she toils just as the rest of us.  Come and see."
Mom throws an uncomfortable glance, then nods a reserved approval, her curiosity overwhelming the fear of being transformed into a toad, or even worse, an onion.  Hemmil quietly wheels his dear mother into the workshop, a preview of upcoming marvels to behold.  First they examine the apparatus of metal bars and plates.  "How simple it is, Mom," Hemmil points out.  Taking particular exception to the lack of magical writings, strange talisman, or the inclusion of bloody parts from ill-fated little creatures as seems the custom.  "Wait till ya see," Hemmil teases.  Hemmil wheels Mom toward Leona's worktable, being as light of step as Cele when she stocks Doorman's food dish to filch chicken scraps, her favorite.
Coins the image of His Lordship's best are neatly laid out upon a cloth atop the bench.  The newly cast lead, yet to tarnish, appears nearly as fine as silver.  Mom's eyes light up bright as Leona's magic candle; she begins to jingle, hardly able to contain her expectations.  Hemmil quickly wheels her back to the sitting room before she's overwhelmed by the prospects.
"Oh, my word!"  Mom exclaims, seemingly unable to catch her breath.  "Do you think she can really do it?  I've heard it can be done.  I've heard it time and time again.  Your father tried, and his brother, and all the others, too.  Every person with a brain between their ears, and many more without have tried.  You would not believe the effort... and the coin they wasted.  Nearly every copper that came into their hands spent for one absurd notion after another."
"Calm down, Mom," Hemmil cautions.  "You're getting far too excited."
"I swear he was about to drive me crazy with it, your father was."  Mom's good arm is flailing about as though she might try to fly at any moment.  "They built contraptions, unbelievable things; you can't imagine the foolishness."  She protests, pointing an unsteady finger toward an attached storage shed.  "Some of them still lurk back there in that pile of junk."
"No good will come of this excitement, Mom; you must calm your thoughts."
"You see, my boy, the metals are so like each other."  She sputters, undaunted, yet knowing the wisdom of his concern.  "Both are soft and heavy," Mom continues gleefully.  "And you would think... Just a little change in the color would be so simple.  They mixed the lead with everything from bat piss to mother's milk, but nothing would work.  Nothing!"  She stamps her foot resentfully, "Made me so mad."
Mom's got a hold of Hemmil's arm and just won't let go.  He's trying to remember where her calming tonic has gotten off to.  "Please mom, let me loose now, I must find your syrup or your going to pee." 
"Just you hush and listen to what I'm telling you.  That witch has clouded your reason; just look at her, so young and perky.  No one of her years but a sorceress could know these things," Mom assures with unbridled passion.  "If His Lordship catches hint of these doings, he'll hang us all."
Hemmil spots the ominous dull green bottle, a preparation concocted by his last remaining uncle.  Re-formulated several times over the years, softened he supposes to accommodate mom's increasing age.  It must work though, for none remain of her childhood playmates, nor hardly even any of their children.  "Very well, I shall not wake her."  He sets the bottle on mom's tray.  She looks at it quietly.  "You know 'tis for the best," Hemmil assures.  "It has always been so."
"You'll see," she quakes, pointed a frail finger.  "If we don't come to toast or onions, we're gonna end up dangling from the hangman's pole."  She takes a swig of her tonic, wrinkles her nose in disgust and chases it with a heaping spoon full of her over cooked mush for relief of the foul taste.  Soon, she's folded her arms up around herself with a very "you'll see, I'm right" expression, and awaits the calming.  In no time Mom's recollections of her late husband's foolishness have abated and she's wistfully gazing out the window trying to count the golden yellow butterflies who frequent her white lilacs.
Though unaware of the consequences awaiting Beth at sunset this very evening, there seems a great urgency to his tutor's efforts.  Several times squirrels or a raccoon have gotten into his workroom and created quite a ruckus.  Hemmil sees no reason why such a harmless event might not reoccur at any moment.

Chapter-10

WAKE UP, WAKE UP, YOU SLEEPYHEAD; 
OR YOUR FRIENDS SHALL SOON BE DEAD!

CRASH!  Leona's eyes flash wide open.  "What? Oh shit! it's daylight!"  She jumps to her feet, calling to any who would answer.  "What time is it?"
The Alchemist steps into the shop from the rear yard.  "Are you all right, milady?  I heard something break... I thought."
"What is the time?" she insists.  "How much of the day is lost?"
"'Tis morning yet, the day's hardly begun."
Leona bolts to the outdoors where the sun will tell the tale; she makes it to be between 7 and 8:00AM.  Beth will become the guard's plaything in less than twelve hours.  "Shit!"  Dismayed of her laziness, she returns to the workshop.  How could she allow those precious hours slip away?  "Will you help me?" she implores Hemmil.  "There is much yet to be done.  "The lives of good people hang in the balance."
"Oh my, we can't be losing those; good people are hard to come by.  Set me a task."
"Bring three pails of water from the rain barrels," she declares.  In one pail she mixes a pickling solution, this to remove her oily fingerprints and the slight oxidation that has formed on the bright, newly cast coins.  Any trace of either upon the metal's surface would act as an insulator deflecting the molecules of gold attempting to attach themselves to the electrically charged surface.  In another she concocts a solution to neutralize the effect of the first.  The third remains plain water to rinse away any residual trace of the neutralizer within the second pale.  The three most important requirements are that the lead facsimiles be absolutely clean, clean, clean!  "You must not touch the coins with your fingers," she cautions.  "They may only be handled by the copper tails.  Dip them into one bucket after another, start always from the left, hold them to each for a count of five.  Place one upon each hook," pointing out the hooks cast into the underside of the three bars spanning one end of the plating tank.  "They must not touch each other.  If at any time there is doubt to your purpose, please sir, do not hesitate to inquire.  The time of correcting has passed.  I am bound by any error between now and the setting sun."
The Alchemist nods his understanding and sets to work preparing the counterfeit replicas for their final transition.
Leona has gathered most of the makings for her pyrotechnics: brimstone, saltpeter and charcoal for black powder, phosphor and resin for matches, nitric acid, alcohol, and the playfully elusive quicksilver to concoct a powerful fulminate.  If push comes to shove, she fully intends to shove back.  The munitions are equipped with self-contained matches and strikers.  These elements are sealed against moisture with hide glue and the wax of bees.  Clever the treasures these little workaholics have learned to fashion from a flower.
The 110 best of the counterfeits are chosen for the mission.  The hour of eleven arrives as Hemmil hangs the last of the coins upon the copper combs in the plating tank.  Leona has fetched several more pails of rainwater, filling the tank to a level just above the lead counterfeits.
She crimps the very edge of a genuine gold coin into each of the two copper clips supported from the bar opposite the fakes.  Rude and crude to be sure, but it will have to do, for she has not the facilities to reduce the gold coins to water-soluble salts.  An experiment this costly is difficult for Hemmil to imagine.  Those two sovereigns probably exceed his entire net worth.  To risk such wealth is a measure of confidence few of the Alchemist's profession would dare.  From Leona's point of view, a bid for the life of her friends at any cost does not require a second thought.
The countdown approaches zero as the six crocks of metal plates are filled with the juice of smoldering brimstone so unpleasantly concocted earlier.  Every recipe has its magical ingredient though, that special something that makes it work.  For bread the yeast, for a cake the soda, for pickles the brine, and for coin of the realm brine will also do just fine.  Coarse salt ground ever so finely and stirred into hot water, pour it into a pot with chicken you have soup; poured into soft rainwater and you have free ions.  Not so tasty as the soup, but it will encourage the flow of an electrical current.  Ions are tiny things, rowdy at times if left to their own devices, but securely bound to the laws of physics when an electrical current is in the neighborhood.  Thus, in a matter of speaking, many will attempt to carry baggage on their trip across the plating tank--a single molecule of purest gold pried from the seed coins and transported to the opposite pole of her batteries.  In this case, the lead counterfeits dangling at the plating tank's opposite end.  This, the age old equivalent of a lad presenting a band of gold to his mate in the hope he might gain a little spark.  Gold molecules are much larger, and thus not so nimble as their energetic transporters, the electrons.  Little choice have they but to impale themselves upon the surface, thus, in fact electroplating it.  While the conscripts pass directly into the lead, eager to rush back home to the opposite pole of the batteries which spawned them.  The question most grave: will Leona's soup of brine yield discolored pickles or coin of the realm?
To gold then, let the lead become, at least superficially.  Leona pours a small cup of the brine into the plating tank, stirring slowly with a wooden paddle.  Dead shorting a fully charged battery this large could be a scorching business; she shields her eyes and cautiously sets the lead key in place, closing the circuit.  The aspiring sorceress watches patiently, but no bubbles are forming on the plates of her batteries.  Dismayed at the prospects, a heavy finger taps impatiently upon the table.  More brine is added, again slowly stirred into the plating tank's solution; still the circuit refuses to close.  At most the six batteries can only generate about ten volts.  For such a crude construction, there is sadly little potential to overcome the plating solution's resistance.  Amperage, however, is another question entirely.  Once started, it could surge, frying the delicate copper filaments supporting the lead blanks.  Electricity is not exactly one of her specialties; she has traced the circuit point to point several times and the only possible shortcoming is the low voltage.  A fine balance must be struck and no instrument yet exists to measure it.  Calm is paramount, in spite of the perspiration dampening her brow; a rash decision at this stage could set her back several hours.  Her schedule would crumble, throwing the project and the fate of her friends into chaos.  There's no option but to continue adding salt water in small measures until this puppy barks.
BBZzzaaap!  Sparks flash abruptly from the battery connections and busbar junctions with a scary enthusiasm.  Leona jumps back, pulling her hands away as the batteries awaken with an intense crackle.  Minute gaps between the joints are fused together when the current rushes homeward.  The surface of the fluid in the battery crocks begins to fizz like soda water as hydrogen is expelled from the reaction.   Wayward sparks ignite the escaping gas.  Ghostly blue flames begin to dance about the tops of the cells.
"Yes! We have lift off!" she announces with glee.  Leona embraces her entranced assistant.  The apparatus has come alive with forces he has never known existed.  Mesmerized by the spectacle, the consequences of a witch's embrace come not even to mind.
Her attention is drawn back to the plating operation.  One of the filaments supporting a coin has begun to glow, brighter and brighter until it melts, separating with a sharp spark.  This is not a good sign.  Another filament turns bright orange, burning out as she watches helplessly, then another.  Each filament, by virtue of the crude method of its construction is slightly different than its siblings.  The thinner ones, hence those with the greater resistance, are not able to carry the current.  There's no way she can adjust the current back; it is what it is.  One by one various of the filaments glow red hot and melt, allowing their precious cargo to drop free, disconnected from the circuit.  Each one that fails increases the current across those remaining.  Others are heating up, beginning to sizzle at the waterline.  Shit! got to stop this meltdown.  They've got to be cooled.  She takes up a pail of water, carefully pouring it into the plating tank until the level has risen to just above the thicker support hooks.  By this, the entire filament is submerged, thus, cooled by the plating solution.  The system stabilizes itself, but not before there are fourteen casualties, four more than the absolute minimum necessary to meet Beth's financial obligation.  She may be able to fake the coins, but there is no way to fake the number.  There must be a hundred or it's no sale.
The dropouts are moved to the central area of the tank, then cautiously extracted with a technique better suited to a China man.  Nine of the salvaged coins still have a portion of the delicate wires attached.  She is able to bind these short tails with the spare filaments held in reserve, thus, allowing her re-insert them into the bath.
Over the next four nerve-racking hours, twelve more burn-outs deplete her supply of replacement copper threads.  To maintain the minimum payment, eleven of the re-established coins required makeshift supporting cradles, however, these will establish unreliable electrical contact with the support hooks.  Obvious imperfections will result, but at the moment, quantity has become more important than quality.  By early afternoon the two genuine gold seed coins and their copper cradles have totally dissolved, thus terminating the circuit.  For better or worse, it's payday.
Leona holds one of her counterfeits up to inspection.  They look fair as anything a child might filch from a plastic prize vending machine at the grocery mart.
The copper threads are cut from the coins with the utmost of care, any remaining snag burnished away.  No projection must linger to prick the finger of its suitor.  The minuscule threads are saved.  As they were submerged in the bath to keep them cool, they are also gold plated and may fair as capital in a pinch.  If perfectly distributed the delicate film of gold is about one fourteen hundredth of an inch thick.  But, a fingerprint or some wayward oxidation may have created a blister as thin and fragile as a soap bubble on the lead.  No doubt, the less they need be handled the better.  She has had an impressively finished wooden presentation case made for transfer of the payment in a royal fashion, a ploy designed to facilitate ease of counting and inspection with the minimum of fondling.  Thus, heightening the possibility and her sincere desire they be accepted as a lot.  Only a fool would accept them without careful scrutiny were they delivered in a leather purse.  Of this brand, such scrutiny would doubtless prove embarrassing.  Less likely also that they would be dumped into a cash box with other coins.  The dull thud of lead most unwelcome when the exquisite chime of precious metal was anticipated.  Soft linen spacers are to be placed between the coins, lest the delicately plated finish be worn away from the high points as they rub one against the other during transit.  The roads are not smooth, nor has Leona's wagon been equipped with the premium Mercedes suspension package.
She inquires coyly of Hemmil.  "Is there a purveyor of scrap near, that this apparatus may be broken apart and sold?"
Hemmil can hardly believe the words.  For what he heard cannot be the words she spoke.  "Why?" he pleads desperately, but with reserve.  "When this urgent business is done, would it not befit to make as much more as you need?"
"This device makes false gold; it's not worthy of an honest man's labor.  My deception is intended only to pay an unjust debt.  Those receiving it shall reap as they have sown."
"Yes, I see;" Hemmil is quick to agree, "a righteous... and yes, a worthy cause, but what--"
"I feel none the worse for having cheated them, but I harbor no wish to deceive others.  That aside, I pay my debts with good money, sir."
"Oh my," Hemmil is quick to beg.  "I never meant you should not."
"Of good money I have very little left.  There is desperate need for the value of these metals in my purse."
The Alchemist is in a tizzy.  The thought of destroying such an apparatus to recover base metals is scientifically unacceptable.  Attempting to reconstruct it from his notes and memory when a fully operational model now sits before him, is folly.  It must be preserved.  Besides, he may have forgotten something and the smallest detail could defeat a replica, whereas this one has proven it works.  Hemmil inquires, as she had hoped, of what bargain might be struck to put this salvage nonsense aside.  Not a con, for she owes him much and would not dishonor their friendship and trust.  Though in fact, there was not a moment to spare for demolition of the apparatus and transport to a metals' vendor.  So, had he not offered, she would have had to abandon it anyway.  He receives more than good value for his investment, and she, 2 silver coins and 6 coppers to cover travel expenses.  During construction, emphasis was keen upon the batteries as a power source, alluding to the plating mechanism as one of many potential accessories.
"Keep well the secrets of this deception," she warns.  "Remember always, the heart of these coins is still lead.  When they congregate, they will betray one another by their own voices."  Shuffling several of the failed coins to illustrate, she allows them drop to the stone floor.  The "thud" produced of their impact is an unnerving contradiction.  "They will not ring true."  Hemmil acknowledges with a sober nod.  "You need ally yourself with the tinker, he has knowledge of the devises that can use the fuel I've disclosed to you.  As partners it could be a very profitable arrangement.  I may have asked this before," Leona continues, "but everything's been in such a rush.  Do you know the way home?"
An unusual inquiry for one seemingly in charge of her own destiny.  His head cycles slowly as one perplexed, his thoughts still confounded by the revelation she could have scrapped this wonderful apparatus without a care.  "Milady, it appears this land suits you well.  When your quest is resolved," he whispers softly that Mom not overhear and think him hexed, "do come back.  You are always welcome here."
"I will hold dear your invitation, sir.  You've been faithful to your word and very understanding these past short days.  And I hope the things I've revealed prove the equal of my inconvenience."  Leona's parting embrace is not the ominous gesture it was perceived when first they touched.  Indeed, the Alchemist gives her a firm grandfatherly squeeze in return.
Mom is still in calm world, totally distracted by the dancing flutterbys.  Even so, Leona feels a parting word is due and must be said.  "A fine gentlemen you've raised, ma'am.  He does you tribute with honest words and deeds."  With that they part, Hemmil left to ponder the apparatus he has just acquired and Leona off to secure her friends' future good health.  The secrets of acetylene, electricity, and at least how to make lead look like gold, for better or worse imparted to this world.
--
As one might suppose, the prison's guards are not authorized to accept cash on their employer's behalf.  And in fact, who but a complete fool would hand one of those rogues a purse and imagine that coins would not be lost at their very touch?  All such deposits are made to His Lordship's chief money counter.  Likely an otherwise unemployable relative, who upon receiving payment grants a letter of pardon.  This document then presented, under seal no less, to the keeper of the gate in a timely fashion.  Bureaucracy is surely the hilt of that ragged blade called time; deadliest of weapons, capable of slaying any army afoot or afloat, friend or foe, and with not the loss of a single second of it's own.
So begins the first field test of her getaway cart, for in a rush she must be.  Even for children, the bone rattling one must endure aboard such coarse transport would soon enough loose its novelty.  And her's better equipped than all but the best of coaches.
The royal counter's humble abode is an unimpressive stone bunker sixty feet square and three stories high.  Soon as the tower comes to view she dawns her hooded cape and slows to a normal pace.  There is one well-guarded entry at ground level and no windows whatsoever.  Adjacent to the structure are rows of wooden warehouses and open sheds.  Within appear all manner of Kegs, crates, sacks, stacks and piles.  On the opposite side, a melee of stock pens and grain bins.  It would seem His Lordship is willing to take payment in any currency not the least of which is cow dung.  Two parallel fieldstone walls about six feet high surround the royal Wal-Mart; minimal watch towers rise at the four corners and flank the gateway.  Although not to be seen until one realizes the error of his ways, the presence of many angry dogs is more than obvious.  They occupy the space between the low walls--A mote of sorts occupied by four-legged piranha.
Upon inquiry, Leona is informed that hard currency transactions are limited to the counting room on the tower's uppermost floor.  Thus, she is promptly escorted to an enclosed stairway at the building's center with a manned iron entry gate.  Aside from the stair, as there should of necessity be no place to hide, the first floor is completely devoid of walls.  One side of the approach aisle is defined by bars of iron from floor to ceiling.  The area beyond is piled high with textiles, leather and cases of spirits; the spoils of dictatorship, all securely locked within.  On the other, a disorderly mess hall occupied by curious eyes and hushed mumblings.
Reaching the top of the stairwell, she finds a half dozen more guards flank the path to this glorified collector of bribes--a well-dressed and likewise well-rounded 400-pound turnip--a fellow so obese one could hardly imagine him capable of rising from his seat without a hoist.  On his left resides a pale gentlemen of sensible attire, a monocle in each eye and two more about his neck.  Such scrutiny suggests there could be more than one counterfeiter afoot in this land.  Leona begins formulating an emergency exit plan, but no matter how you cut it, pardon the pun, there are few options.  Whoever inscribed those ominous words upon her weapon's blade had better be right.
Eight others, unfortunate as she, stand in line before her with cash in hand awaiting the privilege to bail out friends or relatives.  The first of them now having the wages of his sins counted no less than four times by Mr. Monocles.  This is not the place to employ someone afflicted of obsessive compulsive disorder.  The coins she has made are good, but if he doesn't buy into the gift-box ploy, he's bound to detect the ruse.  For by his caution, it certainly appears his ass dangles as much in the balance as any confined within the Keep.  Mr. Turnip is probably the only one important enough to get her out; but how do you take a hostage that requires a fork truck to be moved even on level ground.  How could one such as he possibly descend the thirty foot exit stair?  He must be akin of Repunzle, forever consigned to the upper floor of this tower.
Finally satisfied there are twelve genuine coins of the realm present, Monocle's slides them off the edge of the table into one of several strong boxes.  They ring true.  A foreboding reminder that even if her coins slip by as genuine, they will fail the final challenge victims of their own inflection.  Mr. Monocle marks a meticulous memorandum in his ledger, then transcribes the names of the parties involved upon the coveted pardon.  Lastly, the document is passed to the ever smiling Turnip for the final benediction, a swirling signature attesting that indeed some infraction, though it may have been murder in the first with three witnesses, has been officially forgiven in exchange for hard cash.  Turnip takes his responsibilities a bit more lightly, no doubt being well connected and blameless by virtue of his plausible deniability; after all, 'twas the other guy counted the cash.  Turnip folds the document, seals the edge with a wax impression and passes it to the grateful recipient.
The procedure seems to take forever.  She is just about to burst with anxiety regarding what those few unauthorized moments of sleep this morning may have cost when a tiny bell sounds.  Mr. Monocles closes his ledger, rises, nods respectfully to the great Turnip, and disappears through a curtain at the back of the room.  One of the guards steps forward announcing, "This day's business is done.  No fine shall be levied against those now present," he assures.  "Good day to all."  He returns to his post and stiffens up.  Those remaining in front of Leona turn about with solemn faces and proceed toward the exit stair.
"No way!"  She advances toward the Turnip;  Several servants have already begun setting out a massive dinner, his anticipation such that Leona's presence has totally escaped his attention.  One servant removes the cover from a large platter exposing not one, but four baked fish with all the trimmings; another conscript pours the wine.
"Kind sir, I beg your pardon," She pleads softly.  "But this matter is of the utmost urgency."
Caught quite by surprise, his head snaps to attention, his mouth still agape with anticipation  "Are you blind as well as deaf?  Go away, I am about to begin my dinner?"
"The morrow is too late sir.  Those whose freedom I have been sent to secure are to be executed at dawn.  Their bones are worth nothing, but so long as they have breath, they have value."  Leona sets the box upon the table and removes the lid.  "Good sir, there is much to be gained for all with but a few moments effort."
"The counter has left, his ledger gone with him.  Next time perhaps you will have better planned your day.  Neither their fate nor the folly that will see them hanged is concern of mine.  Now be gone I say."
This guy is going to get hurt.  His size is exceeded only by his opinion of self-worth.  Leona leans forward to confide at a lower tone of voice, presumably to spare the Turnip any embarrassment.  "Sir, surely you don't mean to say you cannot count to a hundred on your own behalf?"
Mr. Turnip flushes into a beet.  What's to lose, she turns up the heat?  "Having lost one of his favorites to your gluttony will surely cause my employer to bring the matter directly to His Lordship's attention with particular emphasis I'm sure upon the sum you have chosen to forfeit on his behalf.  A hundred in gold, for a moment of your inconvenience?"
Unable it seems to reply, the food so close and cooling quickly;  he's totally confounded by anticipation.  He motions to the remaining guards.
"My master loses, your master loses, sir, I beg you consider, what might you lose?" she continues with pure contempt.  "I fear that very soon your stomach may find itself without a mouth to feed it, being attached to your head... as it is... for the moment."
"You little bitch."  He waves the guards off.  Tracing a row of her coins with his fingertip, then, running his thumbnail along the series of stacks, he slides the box aside with a sharp glance to his tormentor.  Likely he had hoped there was a shortfall, but alas, failed to notice the forest for the trees.
"One hundred in fine gold," she whispers.  "Do you agree?"
Much to his future dismay, he has not removed a single coin for inspection.  Her charade has passed muster.  Reaching with a great strain, as his arms hardly exist at all, he attempts to secure a blank pardon from Mr. Monocle's work station.  Leona is quick to assist his effort for fear she would die laughing were his chair to flip over.  He glances over the warrant she has presented, hastily transferring the particulars to the official parchment.
Leona's careful to watch that he faithfully records the information; this is no time for typos.  Where the names of those to be pardoned are declared he writes only 'Beth of Atlanta,' whereupon Leona is duly obligated to point out the error of his ways.
"This warrant includes her man slave, also, sir... and I have paid for both."  Turnip's desire to wring her neck is more than obvious by the showing of teeth as he hisses.  Likely he would order she be put into irons, were it not so apparent by her shear arrogance alone that she represents a wealthy and therefore powerful entity.  The greatest resource of poker players and generals alike is their ability to convince one's opponent their position is indomitable, though yet they stand upon sand.  Thus far, she has mastered the deed.  He adds the necessary connotation and slides the document to her side of the table.  "Now, but for your seal, I would gladly be upon my way, sir."  Again he retrieves the parchment.  Placing wax to flame and his ring to the same, hence, the deed is done with great disdain.  "Thank you, sir... enjoy your dinner."
"I will remember you," he assures.
Leona casts a sly smile back over her shoulder along with a parting thought.  For she knows if the lead coins are discovered, 'tis likely he has just signed his own death warrant.  "As you wish, milord; for well you may."  And with that she is fast upon her way.  Risky business that, and glad she is to have done with it.  
By the time Leona has reached the Keep, light of day floats just above the horizon.  Her error in dosing off may have been the most fortunate of accidents.  For the closing of the counter's ledger actually played well to her favor.  The pleasure exacted of such profound last words was foolish, though.  Her comment could have drawn suspicion to the coins, creating waves in a sea thus far calm.  When the Turnip discovers his folly, he could send a messenger to disavow the pardon.  But it would arrive too late.  Besides, since Mr. Monocles has beat the rap by his mere absence, most likely and with considerable indigestion, Mr. Turnip would be the wiser to correct his foolishness from his own pocket.  Then again, since there was no entry upon the official ledger and the strong boxes already locked, he may decide to stash it under his pillow saving this delightful discovery for another day.  Until Beth and Hale are in her possession and the Keep long out of sight, Murphy's first law must ever be upon her thoughts.  That which may... invariably will.
--
Though  the sun has set the sky is still well lit, but not for much longer.  Leona quick steps to the prison gates with a confidence one may only gain from experience, not to mention the explosives concealed within her carry-on.  The prison yard is bathed in shadow; not a soul is to be seen.  All seems calm; not so much as a breeze dares to trespass upon her intrigue.  Only the conversations of crows in the adjacent wood disturbs the deathly silence.  The moon will turn its back to the coming night, thus, an excellent evening for the devious doings at hand.  Glancing upward, the parapets appear unmanned; but there also, the massive siege door just a few yards above.  Once released, precious few seconds would remain before sealing the Keep and the fate of any trapped within.
So realistic are the settings upon this stage, she cannot imagine it a game, but if not then what transpires here?  Games are contrived to challenge the efforts of those who would play; to place obstacles in their path, to confound their strategies, to test their will to win.  So be it!
Pulling the bell cord to announcing her presence at such a late hour elicits curses from the guards' room in the tower's ground level to her right.  
She is wearing a long dark cape to conceal her more utilitarian attire.  The short sword strapped to her left calf is in a ready proximity.  She carries a large leather shoulder bag from which the pardon is now extracted.
Upon the guard's arrival, she announces boldly.  "I bear a letter, sealed and now properly delivered to thee.  This to secure the release of a maiden, Beth of Atlanta, and her man slave."  He yawns in her face with not the slightest thought of an "excuse me."  Though not accompanied by a servant to handle the paperwork this time, she maintains her snotty charade.  The unsavory fellow snatches the document from her grip with a flare of annoyance and walks away without a word.  His disappearance back into the guard's room stirs more foul comments regarding anyone discourteous enough to be delivering official documents at such late hour.  Disturbing everyone's dinner seems to have become her manor for the day.
--
For a moment shall we slip away to the gala activities taking place in His Lordship's private arena.  There within, dear Beth finds herself in a bit of a panic.  She has been invited to a banquet, she herself chosen as the main course in fact.  The impatient dinner guests are not of the sort to quibble over whether their meal has been properly cooked; in fact, such preparation would preclude most of their fun and the sweet taste of fresh blood.  Entertainment for the evening includes graphic displays of many sharp teeth accompanied by generous amounts of growling, creative howling, and the occasional, but very dramatic slobbering snarl.
Wide-eyed and more scared than she has ever been, Beth's attention shifts back and forth desperately as the enthusiastic dinner patrons circle her pen.  The sight and smell of blood trickling from her knees, the result of her reluctance to join the party, tantalizes the pack carnivores.  Around her neck is a stiff heavy leather collar, a fun little modification Her Ladyship of the moment has devised to prolong the victim's agony.  The beasts are just too efficient once they've gotten in; the leather guard prevents too quick a termination of their primary objective, the windpipe.  Beth stands at the center of a bottomless cage, this supported several inches above the loose dirt floor by a retractable chain.  A small bucket is hung from above rigged that it may be tilted by pulling a rope to discharge the contents upon uninspiring victims, thus raising the dog's level of interest.  The cage's bars are all that restrain the pack of ferocious canine's surrounding it, keeping them as it were from the agile little morsel they consider to be their dinner.  One bright young rascal is digging frantically, attempting to undermine the enclosure.
The cage itself dangles at the center of a small arena.  Along one side of the central dirt-floored area is a spectator level.  This is elevated three feet above the activity area to provide a better view.  Extending an additional foot and a half above the spectator's floor is a solid stone curb which runs the full length.  Rows of barbed iron pickets are set into the top edge of the curb to discourage the entertainers from joining the ranks of those being entertained.  A large cozy hearth dominates one end of the viewer's area, roasting there within a scrumptious piglet.  This adds to the rich configuration of scents encouraging the dogs' appetites.
A similarly raised but narrower utility level runs the length of the opposite side, though without benefit of the picket-topped curb.  Two sentries are stationed there with lances to assure the main course does not somehow scurry away and ruin the evenings fun.  Within these walls, there is no means of crossing from one side to the other without entering the pit created there between.  The playing field as it were, being 10 by 15 yards, has no roof.  Thus, the entertainers may watch the stars fade with their consciousness as they perish, each allowed but one performance upon this bloody stage.  Several hoist beams span the abyss.  An iron maiden, hooks, shackles and nooses dangle solemnly therefrom.  The dog handler is a totally unconcerned brute; a spiked mace sways from his belt should any of his pups require reprimand.  He leans against their pen which sits near one end of the playing field.
Polished copper reflectors run the entire length of the low wall on the spectator's side.  Long narrow troughs of burning oil are set before them.  These provide a flickering lighting effect worthy of any Hollywood Gothic horror film.
The yuppie team, for those who may have misplaced their casting list, reside at either end of a lavishly attired dinning table.  Several servants await their beck and call.  The lady of the house is an impatient sort.  She stands, raising her glass to encourage the dogs with a toast.  "Dig... come on damn you, dig," she encourages.  "That's the way... get to it!"  With that she casts a joyous smile to His Lordship and again raising her wine cup, toasts the snarling hell hounds.
With a casual motion to one of her servants she instructs him tug on the cord attached to the bucket above the cage.  Tilting slightly, blood dribbles from the rim.  Some of it catches Beth's shoulder, the tacky red fluid running down the length of her arm.  Not sure at first what's happened, she steps aside as the majority splashes to the dirt floor rather than upon her face.  Scent of blood an aphrodisiac to any carnivore, the dogs thus enticed go crazy.  Beth looks up, then, turns an unholy gaze upon her antagonist.  Her Ladyship nods sarcastically in return and takes another sip of her wine.  Beth would return all the treats left under her pillow by the Tooth Fairy for a one on one moment to fully express her gratitude.  But alas, other things press upon her good nature at the moment.
"Yes, that will do, very good."  Her Ladyship motions a pause to her servant.  "Save the rest, it will serve better when they've gotten to her."  In keeping with the spirit of her toils, she now turns her affections to His Lordship.  "Why not raise the cage a little, sweetie?"
"Patience love," he consoles.  "No need to rush.  The sun is gone, the air will cool soon and we have all the night.  It's like sex, better if you make it last, dear."
All the while, unaware of Beth's impending conversion to burger bits, Leona nervously awaits the guard's return.  He reappears with a devious smirk; another follows wearing a helmet.  His words instill her worst nightmare.  "The wench was took."  He advises in an arrogant tone, apparently dismayed that he and his friends will be deprived of their pre-execution party favors.  Leona's mind reels.  "Stupid wench sassed His Lordship's favorite, she did."  He further consoles, "Ya can have what's left come morning." pointing to an area adjacent the gate.  "Be put there.  No need to trouble us 'bout it, just haul it away.  Be sure to come early 'cause the foxes and possums keep an eye out for these kinda treats."
"Where?  No!  You've got to get her back here... right now," Leona challenges.  "This is illegal; the ransom's been paid, she must be returned now.  It's the law."
"I say it to ya again, she's been took, gone, ya understand, gone?  Still got the slave if ya want'em."  
The helmeted guard opens the gate and stands aside.  Leona enters, the guard steps back as she approaches, seemingly drawing her in further.  Once clear of the gate the other locks it behind her.
Her voice calm, but rising.  "This is illegal, I'll have you both on the gallows if she is not returned at once."
The first guard starts toward Leona; the other stays his advance and nods him away.  He seems uncommonly anxious.  
"Ya want the slave boy er not?"
Her thoughts are in a panic.  Need to calm down.  This is a set up, a trap,  they are going to try and take me too. Get Hale out first then it's scorched earth.
"Yes!"  Leona double times toward Hale's cell followed by the helmeted guard.   She advances as if unconcerned, further and further into the Keep.  Light of day is waning fast.  The alley along the row of cells is entirely shrouded in deep shadows.  "Hale!" she calls out.  There is no reply.  Again much louder, "Hale, where the hell are you?"  
"Hey," tone of his voice tapers off, "back here." She moves further into the shadows as he steps to the bars of his cell, not exactly in high spirit.  In the failing light she can see his face has been pummeled, his lip split and bleeding.  "Where's Beth?"
"Gone!"
"I don't need anymore of this 'gone' shit," she raves; "I said where?"
"They dragged her in there."  Hale, a bit despondent and hardly able to speak, points out a door in the wall across the yard. 
"How long ago?"
"Half hour maybe, kind of hard to tell.  I couldn't spot them."
Leona addresses the guard authoritatively.  "Where does that door lead?" as she points, also taking in a full sweeping view of the area.  No one is in sight; this arrogant fool is totally alone and intended it should be so.
"Nothing for you," he advises calmly, thinking his wish granted.  "Speak of it again and I'll have you in the stocks."
He's cleverly arranged our encounter with intent to get me in a corner.  Ahhh, he's in love, how sweet, for all hell is a boil just beneath his feet and begs him proceed.  She changes her stance now with one foot in front of the other assuming the need to retreat from his reach.  "My benefactor would have your head."
"Your benefactor be damned.  My Master is Lord of this land," he entreats venomously.  They stare at each other while the impending challenge solidifies.
"So be it," Leona advises softly, that none may say each was not fairly warned.
His gaze narrows; so anxious this fellow to execute his clumsy plan.  The thumb and fingers of his powerful hand spread as it reaches for her throat, but alas, it falls off.  Next thing ya know his wind pipe and all there about save his spine mysteriously separates from the rest of him.  The Guard staggers forward against the bars of Hale's cell, eyes wide with surprise.  They search for an explanation of what has happened.  Inhaling has become a chore, blood gushing down his throat where air should rightfully be; the art of speech eludes his every effort.  The female viper's image blending now and forevermore with the night as the last bits of consciousness fade due to lack of blood pressure.  Demons in the abyss applaud her fine workmanship, for they've a new toy to torment this night.  
"Nothing more to say?"  He begins to slide downward.  "Hale, catch him."  Hale reaches through the bars to support the deceased fellow.  "Better he stands for now."
A voice commends her workmanship with a painful tone.  "Well done!"
Leona quickly spins about, but finds no one there.  A fellow moves into view from the shadow behind the bars of the adjacent cell.  He too has been severely beaten.
"Be at ease, milady, For sure I am no threat to thee.  We two are the only witnesses to your handiwork.  Certainly I shall never tell."
"I remember you... fellow in the cutlery shop.  You bought Art's sword."
"Yes, a better day that than of late.  Fine weapon too, worth every coin twice over.  Wish it had been near at hand when I was summoned for His Lordship's pleasure."
"How do you come to this?"
"Thinking myself among friends I spoke too freely, turns out at least one was not."
Leona attempts to pry the keys from the vanquished guard's hand, but death's grip intends to keep them.  Not a problem, she pulls his arm taut and takes the other hand off at the wrist.  Her fine garments have suffered as much as he, spattered, laid to waste by all this bloody give and take.
Hale winces at the thought of Leona turning that key while still attached to a severed hand.  He never suspected his girl's best friend could be the real live star of a B horror flick, his favorite thing aside of football.
"I have need of an ally.  Will you stand with me?"
"Aye... to the last of us."  Leona unlocks his cell.  Bruised and lacerated, but capable, the battered fellow emerges.  "Karn of Orchard at your service, milady."
"Leona, if you please."  Karn nods his understanding.  "Get this creep out of sight, drag him into the back and strap on his weapons... and the hat, and the vest too."  Hale relaxes his grip as Karn takes hold of the guard and drags him into the cell.
Hale's arms and hands are soaked with the guard's blood, it's warm and glistens even in the dim light of dusk.  There's so much he can even smell it and he desperately wants to wipe it away, but there is nothing to avail of such task, he just stairs.
"Hale!"  Leona's voice jolts him back to reality.  "Don't get sick on me, you gotta keep it together... for Beth, okay?"
"Yeah, right!  I'm good."
Karn rejoins Leona, he's in good spirits.  "Shall we search for your friend's lady then?"
"I wanna get Hale out first," she confides.  "Now that that fool's dead the gate has to remain under our control till I can find Beth.  Escort us out.  Keep your head down.  I'll do the talking."
"Leo," Hale pleads, "what about Beth?"
"One thing at a time, buddy, I'll find her."
Karn supports Hale as they walk toward the gate, Leona ten feet in advance.  As the remaining soldier exits the guard's shack, she flips a coin high in front of him.
"Gold for your trouble this night."  Gold!  What wondrous thoughts must have passed before his eyes, reaching up with both hands as not to miss such a rare treasure.  Fondness of coin has cast any hope of defending himself to the winds.  She produces her blade from beneath the blood-spattered cape and rushes forward, driving the iron deep into his chest with both hands.  He's not one of the 200-pound goons that seem to be typical hereabout.  Thus, her momentum pushes him backward into the guard's room where both crash to the floor.
To her left, she immediately notices a huge pair of boots, unfortunately with great hairy 200-pound goon type legs therein.  They rest upon the floor just the other side of a table next to where she and her gasping pillow have landed.  "Shit!"  Why she had never considered there could be more than two is a question better reviewed later.  Both are taken entirely by surprise; fortunately her adversary has only a wooden spoon and bowl of warm dinner slush at his command.  Big fellow though, and like a big tree, requiring much chopping to dissuade his advance.  What transpires, unpleasant at best, the gruesome details of which need not leave the room.  For to elaborate may well cast doubt upon the quality of our heroin's character.  Suffice it to say their acquaintance has slipped into a 'no more Mr. Nice Guy' sort of affair, the furniture suffering even more than he.  She exits, more than a bit disheveled, having forfeit her fine cape during the melee.  It was time to change anyway, the garments beneath being black as ink and better suited to the current situation.  Her leather satchel is still slung from her shoulder and she's confiscated a crossbow, a pouch of darts, and an unimpressive sword to outfit her battered conscripts.
During the fracas, Karn's unlocked the gates and dragged Hale up into the back of the cart.  Leona rejoins them in good spirits considering what she's just got away with, though smarting from a serious whack to the side of her face derived of flying-furniture syndrome and a throbbing knot upon her noggin.  "You're driving," she advises Karn, "Wait as long as you dare... but don't be retaken.  There are belts on the seat, strap yourself down."  She passes the watchman's sword to Hale and flips the bow into the cart.
"Leo," Hale pleads.  "I've got to do something."
"You wait... understand?  You wait because with that leg you'd have us both dead.  You can't defend yourself and I can't protect you and Beth both.  You have to stay."
"But Leo--"
"No!  I mean it Hale, please don't go back in okay.  You've got to trust I know better.  When I come out I'm going to be in a hurry and I need you two right here ready to go."  She takes hold of Karn's arm.  "Don't let him go back.  Close the gate behind me so there appears no breach."
"Would I not be more useful if I came with thee?"
"No, if there's no driver we're all dead.  The keys!"  He concedes with a nod, passing her the key ring and steps back without further argument.  Leona snatches up the heavy little keg and dashes back into the prison.  The device was earmarked to open the gate.  That having been accomplished it shall facilitate the closing.  She wedges it tightly under the drop door's winch platform, then sprints toward the door Hale identified.
Karn slowly nods disapproval of her foolishness.  He takes hold of Hale's shoulder with a firm grip.  "Well lad, the general's given us our orders; sometimes it's the waiting that's tougher than the fight."   His word given, he must abide her request, least so long as his conscience allows.  If she fails to return, having bound himself to the last of them, he will go back to seek her out, the cost be damned!  Besides, in the pitch of a moonless night he knows the team would little more than wade slowly into the darkness.  They are lost anyway.

Chapter-11

ROUX BEWARE, FOR THE LADY OF DURER
COMES NOW TO THY LAIR.

Venture now into a corridor but six feet wide fashioned of large dressed stone blocks, the ceiling pitched sharply upward to an apex twenty feet above.  A shaft so sparsely illuminated by oil lamps as to say, light is not welcome here.  At the far end a heavy ironclad door where someone tinkers with the lock.  It gives way cautiously to a motionless silhouette hardly to be seen against the nearly absent light of day.  Thus, Leona enters the intersanctum of Lord Roux from his own prison's courtyard.  Come she now to seek the master of this pit, sword in hand, a game to play.  Just inside adjacent to the door, a rack of crossbows upon the wall, six in all.  She removes one of the weapons.  Placing her foot in the stirrup and pulling the lever back, cocking the bow.  A dart then placed securely into the track--each weapon thus loaded and once again to its place upon the rack.  There to lie in wait, for when next she opens that very door, who's to say what may be there to greet her.
Sheathing her blade, she slings a bow over her shoulder, deposits a pouch of darts into her carryall and takes a second, keeping it at the ready.  Hence, she's off to the first intersection of this maze, just around each corner the passage is equipped with an open iron gate.  The configuration poses an interesting defense mechanism.  Were both locked, any intruder would be trapped, finding himself subject to a crossfire from the adjacent corridors.  The facility was designed with conflict in mind, but her presence attests to the tragic state of which its security has deteriorated.  She chalks the wall of the corridor just traveled with an arrow toward the exit and continues to her right.
The passage brings her to a large room, a hub of sorts, with exits in every wall.  Four possibilities and no hint as to where each might lead her.  It's going to be a maze, lacking only the fabled Minotaur, for the moment at least.  There is a little more light, but still just enough to keep one from tripping over the cat, or detecting an ominous shadow on the floor.  That of an inconspicuous open cistern occupying one entire corner of the room.  The water level being eight feet below the floor would preclude her exit as the walls are covered with slime and smoothly finished to minimize leakage.  Columns four foot square support the vaulted stone ceiling, and well it is they are so wide, for company's afoot and there's no other place to hide.  The sound of boots and voices approach, but from where?  Masked by echoes rebounding from the smooth ashlars, their source direction is unclear.  Shadows flicker upon the walls of one entrance to the room.  She ducks behind a column opposite the intruders; the shuffling of feet hint as to their path.  Keeping a tight profile, she shifts her position as they pass her by.  Unarmed servants carrying bolts of cloth, one an old woman, the other little more than a child.  Thankfully both have chosen the same route.  Leona has never been a religious person, but she thanks whatever powers are at play that they did not discover her.  She had neither the means to bind nor silence them, and even were it possible, the time to do so could be critical to Beth.  Slaughtering helpless civilians to gain their silence is not a pleasant prospect.  Truth be known, she may have failed such a trial.
The slightest chime of a single bell comes next to challenge; however, it does not come from afar.  Still fast against the column she has but to turn her head.  The Jester who so impressed Sanaia with his song at the game's start leans against an adjacent pier just below an oil lamp.  He holds a toy stick figure with a carved wooden head, dressed as he.  The limbs are loose, secured at the joints by twine so they may flail about when he operates the lever on the handle.  The head has a toothy smile with the corners turned sharply upward, bright round eyes, and a long pointed bent nose.  The man himself, a disarming, but sad smile his only real defense.
"No danger here, milady.  No reason to fear, just the fool, you see."
"A fool would have raised the alarm and died," Leona advises, "thus your wisdom is foretold."
"'Tis not oft maidens so equipped slink about these dark places."
"I'm searching for --"
"A svelte young maiden with flaxen hair?"  He injects.
"Where is she?  This is deadly work, sir.  Deny me not."
"A terrible harm comes her way and I am not one to enjoy such events.  I will show you where, but then I can no more than wish you well."
"I am as your shadow; betray me and those bells of yours ring nevermore."  Leona remains concealed as much as possible, hugging the walls, keeping an eye to her back as she follows placing chalk marks to record her route.
The Jester prances along, bells jingling.  Reaching the end of a  blind intersection, corridors continue both right and left.  He looks in one direction, then the other.  Freezing in mock surprise, he hops into the air kicking his feet as if riding a bicycle.  He bends forward in an exaggerated bow as though greeting someone still unseen from Leona's point of view.  She takes the hint, slipping out of sight behind a pilaster.  Two Guards walk by the Jester; neither pay him any mind.  Unfortunately they choose to turn in Leona's direction.  Still in the bowing position, the Jester cocks his head sideways in their direction and frowns.  Springing back to the vertical, he quicksteps up behind the Guards and taps one on the shoulder with his jingling stick figure.
The guard turns.  "What?" he barks.  
The Jester stomps his foot, shakes a knotty finger in the Guard's face, snaps to attention and points in the opposite direction with his stick figure.  Both Guards wave his foolishness aside.  Intent upon the path to their graves, they proceed toward Leona's hiding place.  Confrontation is imminent as she has no way of avoiding discovery if they continue.  Before the guard's stride may take him out of reach, the Jester whacks one of them aside his neck with the sturdy handle of his stick figure.  Turning about with fire in his eyes, the guard slowly comforts the sting.  Much as he would like to ring this fool's neck, he knows such nonsense must be tolerated for this harlequin has His Lordship's favor.
"To the kitchen knaves," the clown demands.  "And be quick about it, the cooks want for wood."
The Guards change course, grumbling and cursing as they go.  The Jester watches, being sure they have exited the area and then checks the other direction once more.  Tapping his stick figure against the wall several times, he calls very quietly.  "Milady!"  Leona peeks around the corner.  The threat having dispersed, she advances to a new concealment.
In the arena, Beth's situation is deteriorating quickly.  Fangs and blazing eyes preview the dogs' intentions to their defenseless prey.  They have all but undermined the cage from several directions now.  Beth is confined to the central area, attempting to fend them off with her shoe.  A solid whack to the nose of one sends it into a squealing retreat, pawing at its nose for relief as it whines.
Her Ladyship is highly irritated at the pain inflicted upon one of her pets.  "The vile little urchin's injured one of my dogs sweetie.  That brat... look what she's done.  The poor beast is in pain.  Lift the cage a little," she entices.  "This atrocity must be avenged."  Raising another toast to Beth's demise, her glass held high; a bit off center herself though, nearly tipping over at the effort.  "To a wounded friend so noble, may vengeance be just, swift and... I mean slow."  Plopping back into her chair, she turns her attention to a servant close at hand.  A stoic sort this fellow, displaying a higher level of attitude--Her royal Ladyship's personal secretary no doubt.  "From now on, their shoes are to be confiscated, do you hear?"  He nods, duly noting the new restriction upon the rights of prisoners being consigned to doggie fodder.  Her voice is becoming a bit slurred; likely she's been nipping at the elixir Hemmil prepared to incite Lord Roux's more visionary moments.
"She should pay for that.  Sweetie, have one of the archers put an arrow into her leg; that will cool her down.  Sweetie... are you listening?"
"That will not be necessary," he assures.  "The dogs can handle it, really they can."
Her Ladyship sincerely feels she has been wronged and penance is due.  She stews, not at all satisfied with her perceived mate's laissez-faire attitude.  There is but one guard permitted to carry a crossbow in the immediate presence of the gruesome royal twosome, one no doubt who is trusted well above any other.  Such a weapon in the hands of a traitor, considering its far-reaching capabilities, would be a serious error.  Swords and lances may be defended against or retreated from, but the speed with which a dart is propelled from such device allows precious little opportunity to be avoided.  She motions the master guard come near, rises, confiscates his bow, swings about and fires the dart toward the cage with a laugh.  The iron rod passes just under Beth's elbow.  Ricocheting off one of  bars with a frightful clang, it strikes one of the dogs in the hind quarter.  "Drat!" she concedes annoyingly.  The wounded animal lets out a murderous squeal, dragging itself yelping and whining toward its master, the dog handler.
His Lordship is intensely unhappy with his muse's insolence.  His gaze slowly redirected to the opposite end of the table, many unspoken words of disdain and regret therewith.  "I said... it would not be necessary.  Now see what you've done?"
She drops back into her seat with a sullen frown and not another word, quite confident she can find a way to make up for his displeasure later.  The spent weapon quietly laid upon the floor, then kicked under the table so as not to further offend.  It disappears somewhere beyond the confines of an elegant cloth draped thereabout.  The imperial bodyguard becomes extremely uneasy, his function totally neutralized by the arrogant consort's foolishness.  An awkward situation in that he must now further disturb His Lordship, who is already highly displeased, for permission to reclaim something he was ill-advised to relinquish in the first place.  Adding insult to injury, as to do so will require he get down on hands and knees for all to see and crawl under the immense table to retrieve the spent weapon.  It helps not knowing that had he resisted her demand, certainly she would trump up some excuse to have him hanged.  Such are the insults of royal servitude.  He hesitates to be the fool for a few moments and thus, the fate of every player changes irrevocably. 
His Lordship rises, pointing a finger of stern consequence at the squealing dog; the handler immediately bashes the dog's head in with his mace.
One of Beth's tormentors lunges forward between the bars far enough to catch the toe of her shoe, pulling it from her hand.  Almost losing her balance requires she steady herself against the cage.  A nearly fatal error, another of her suitors seizes his opportunity for a snack, but misses.  Had she been caught and pulled to the bars, she would never have come away till it was done.  Her Ladyship never misses an opportunity to cheer the home team.  "That's it sweetie, catch her!"  Beth is beginning to break down; she wipes her eyes, steadies herself, and prepares for the last stand with a whimper and her remaining shoe.
Within the seemingly endless maze of corridors, the Jester checks another intersection to see if it's clear, then back steps to a wide heavy wooden door.  Opening it, he enters the room momentarily, then, motions for Leona to join him.  They disappear into the anteroom which adjoins the arena, dark and empty except for a small table and another door at the far end.  The portal's perimeter is faintly defined by the light beyond; a great commotion of barking dogs is evident.  This is a door begging to tell its secrets.  
"This path is the least guarded," informs her ally.  "Two with lance and sword await beyond that door.  There is a pit on the left, the maiden is there.  Don't attempt to cross, or you will be trapped.  Roux and his Lady will be over on the far side.  They wear only white.  Beware the archer at his side."  Placing a hand upon the wall to the door's right, he further declares.  "This wall continues straight away to the end with no exits but the door standing before you here.  Wisdom and speed be yours, milady.  I am gone now."  He nods respectfully and backs out into the passage, closing the door behind him.
Leona addresses the situation forthwith, the finer details to be worked out on the fly.  Pulling the door open, she steps into view and has a bead on his royal person before anyone realizes she is there.  Roux, still standing, is a clear target.  If the guard nearby is the archer of which she was warned, he appears terribly distressed and unarmed.  At this range the bolt would reach its mark nearly as quick as a shotgun slug.  The two sentries on Leona's side of the pit instinctively hesitate.  The situation has progressed beyond their control within the blink of an eye.  Each knows to advance places His Lordship at deadly risk, and by that, no matter what follows, surely they to a grizzly end.  Roux confirms the wisdom of their discretion by raising his hand to halt any further movement.  The bones have rolled in her favor; for the moment Leona has complete command of the situation.
But for the dogs, everything is silent and motionless until the Royal Consort realizes her sweetie is under the gun.  She snaps to her feet.  "Assassins, Assassins!" she screams.  Turning to the bodyguard, whom she had just disarmed, she anxiously points his attention toward the invader.  The guard looks to his empty hands, turns his palms upward as he spreads his arms slightly and looks to the foolish woman with disdain.  His Lordship's attention turns to his frightened Lady with a brief but affectionate assurance that all is firmly under his control.  "Shut up and sit."
The person he faces is calm, focused and has placed herself in a desperate situation.  Desperate people are dangerous, but calm people are extremely so.  If she were an assassin he would already be dead and she upon her way.  Thus, to strike a bargain would seem to be her intent.
Leona states her case and the authority by which she intends to press it.  "To move is to die.  Call the beasts to heel."
No less than four to five seconds are required to redirect the dogs or have the sentries engage her position, a hundred times more than that required to take his life or at least render the remainder of it a miserable undertaking.  Thanks to his idiot of a companion, his only defense has been neutralized by the turn of a card in another world.
Leona restates her ultimatum in a much agitated tone.  In fact she screams, "Now, or be damned."
The Noble motions to his dog handler, who blows a whistle.  The dogs break off the attack immediately, retreating to their master's side.  They sniff curiously around their bloody, motionless comrade.
Beth is sobbing lightly.  This isn't nearly as much fun as one of Art's corny games.
Highly pissed off at his embarrassingly sorry circumstances, and arrogant by nature, Roux knows he must maintain a position of authority.  A bluff, however, is the only defense he can muster.  Taking a heavy self-assuring tone, he informs, "Your life hangs by the next word I speak."
"And yours is at the tip of my finger... so say your word... and I'll have done with you.  Lock up the dogs."
The handler again looks to His Lordship for direction.  The master of all he surveys, but for a single errant finger has been called to task.  He motions to the handler who coaxes the pack into their cage, then slides the bolt to retain the door.
"Now your knife, drive the blade in behind the bolt to bind it."
The handler complies, tapping the hilt lightly with the palm of his hand.
Leona takes exception to his token.  "Would you toy with your master's life?"  She inquires loudly, "drive the damn thing home!"
"Do as she says, you ass," Roux is quick to chastise, "The wench is not to be antagonized."
The fellow takes a firm swing with his mace, then another; his dogs retreat to the far corners of the cage and cower down in a huddle.
"Strike it," she commands, "snap the blade off then drop the club into the center of the cage."
Compliance is immediate; he seems to be learning.
"Free the girl."
A casual upward motion of the royal hand and Beth's cage begins to rise.  She impatiently squirms under the edge while keeping a watchful eye upon the caged dogs.  She dries her eyes, dusts herself off, recovers her chewed-up shoe and marches to the edge of the arena where the two guards stand.  Confronted by the raised platform, she extends her arm toward one of the guards.
"Well, are you a gentleman or not?"  Beth questions.  The guard looks again to his master for guidance.
"Get her up out of there!"  Leona exclaims, reminding all in attendance they need not inquire of His Lordship for direction.  The two guards jointly hoist Beth to the platform, whereupon she shuffles over to Leona's side.  Leona's attention never strays from her target, and His Lordship knows it, for had she flinched he would be gone.  "Except for Roux, everyone to the heath, facing the wall and without a word."  The two guards from Leona's side cross the arena and with some assistance to overcome the pickets, join the others.  Silence prevails.
"You okay?" she inquires of Beth.
"Yeah, I guess.  Feel like a used badminton birdie though.  Have ya seen Hale?"
"He's waiting for us at the gate."
"Great, I owe ya.  Uhmmm... would it be a lot of trouble," Beth pointing ominously toward her Ladyship; "to just sort of... like kill her?  That bitch in the white dress right there."
"Maybe later, this thing is getting heavy, and we need to get the flock out of here."
"Right!"
"I need that bastard as a hostage, but we can't get across the pit past those spikes and if I allow him to move I know he'll go for that curb.  We have to run for it, really fast."
"My knees are kinda torn up, options?"
"Dog food!"
"Been there, done that, let's go!"
"Through there," Leona points with a nod "that door leads into a hall.  See if it's clear, and be careful."
Beth sneaks up on the door at the opposite end of the anteroom, cautiously opening it a little which allows her to see only in one direction.  All appears clear.  She moves forward somewhat to look around the edge in the opposite direction, all the while with a death grip on the handle.
A hefty guard happens to be passing at the time; curious of the door's strange activity, he has stepped up behind it.  When Beth peeks around from within, she immediately displays her best shy smile.  It does little good to act the innocent considering all the dirt and scratches on her face.
"What mischief is this?" he inquires suspiciously.
"Ahhh Hi... where's the ladies' room?"
The burly fellow grabs the edge of the door, pulling it open.  Beth, being somewhat attached to the handle, comes trotting right around with it.  Thus, she has inconveniently positioned herself squarely between the guard and Leona.  With the door now wide open, Leona is disclosed pointing a crossbow in the direction of the arena's VIP gallery.  Her priorities abruptly changed, she acquires the more pressing target and looses the bolt.  The dart passes clear through the fellow, shattering as it impacts the stone wall beyond.  He drops like a rock.
Beth stands frozen, staring back at Leona in disbelief that she really did that.  A fin from the dart has imparted a neat red line across her forehead, and it stings.  Apparently nothing is off the table including occasional William Tell fantasies.
The moment Leona is distracted, Roux dives to the floor, taking cover behind the raised curb along the edge of the spectator's platform.  The jig is up.
Leona drops the spent crossbow, retreats into the anteroom and slams the door's bolt.  Expecting company within seconds, she withdraws a wooden wedge and one of the ceramic grenades from her bag.  The wedge is driven firmly under the door with the stock of her crossbow.
Beth jumps as guards crash up against the door attempting to overcome the latch.  "Let's get out of here," she spurts.  "What's that?"
"Better dying through chemistry."  Leona twists the cap breaking the wax seal on the grenade's fuse and withdraws it abruptly, striking it against the detonator as one would ignite a railroad flare.  The grenade begins to hiss, expelling a few sparks at first, then, only a slight telltale stream of acrid smoke.  She places the device upon the table, detonation at waist level being the most effective option.   Her trap set, the girls exit into the corridor.  Another wedge is now driven under the second door tight as possible and yet another into the doorjamb at the hinges.  Leona snatches up the fallen guard's weapon handing it to Beth.  Beth looks at it for a moment though it were a snake smiling back at her.  They dash off down the corridor.
Of late, His Lordship has become exceedingly fond of the floor, pressed flat thereupon as close as one might possibly be--seemingly glued to it in fact.   Hyperventilating somewhat, he refuses to rise even after his trusty servants have rushed to his aid.
"Bring them back," he howls, "a purse of gold for each of them alive.  I want them back... alive mind you... alive."  Several more guards have come on the scene.  They vault over the pickets and sprint across the arena toward the anteroom; this could be a retirement opportunity.  His Lordship continues to rant.  "Raise the alarm," he screams, grabbing a servant who scurries by.  "See the gates are secured at once," he instructs in a shrill panicked tone, now having risen to his knees.  Pushing the servant away, he turns his wrath upon the dog handler.  "Loose the dogs you buffoon.  Why do you delay?"  Frantically attempting to extract his twisted blade from the hasp, the handler dare not but agree.
	"Yes, milord."  Alas, when good steel is meshed with softer iron, the bond created thereof is not to be easily dissuaded.  The servants scatter; turmoil abounds.  People are scampering about as though a basket of frisky frogs had been tossed upon a hot griddle.  	"Summon the lord of the watch," their reinstated dictator wails, now secure upon two feet and seemingly back to full command status.  "I would know how this invasion has came to be."
The guards have overcome the first door and are now within the anteroom, hung up by the wedges driven under the second.  Leona's firecracker clears the space with an ear-shattering concussion.  Sorcery of a nature heretofore unknown is afoot.  Two fellows exit immediately in a random airborne configuration; another staggers into view, cloaked in blood.  He stumbles from the edge of the platform headlong into the arena.  Things unseen were perceived to buzz about the room snapping at the walls.  A soup tureen upon His Lordship's fine table has abruptly shattered.  One of the servants is doubled over in pain thinking himself stung by a great hornet.   Thick plums of smoke pour into the arena from the upper portion of the open portal.  The light reflected from the flaming troughs cast the scene into a ghostly pale.  Once again relinquishing command and glued to the floor, His Lordship pounds his fist with little regard for the roaches who had gathered for the banquet of crumbs.  It's the first time they've ever seem him from quite this close.  The reluctant anteroom door is now open, dangling precariously from twisted hinges, the face of it splintered and perforated by shrapnel.  One fellow, lucky by comparison to those inside, was in the passageway bent down trying to extract the wedge from beneath the door.  His nose will never be quite the same, but the onslaught of lead pellets passed safely over his head. 

Chapter-12

OF BEING CHASED BY THE HOUNDS OF HELL 
AND THINGS THAT GO BOOM IN THE NIGHT.

The low level of lighting imparts an eerie morbid character to their surroundings and renders Leona's exit markings difficult to trace.  From the sound of it, the dogs are loose again and coming their way--at least four as she remembers at about sixty pounds each and likely trained to be absolutely fearless.  They would attack as a group at full speed regardless of any peril she may impose.  A man bends to reason, by that he may be threatened.  A dog so trained does not think nor have reservations of its future well being.  One shot to sway their advance and one swing of her blade is unlikely to prevail against 240 pounds of airborne hounds.  A vicious bloody melee would ensue and the girls would likely be overwhelmed.
Rounding a corner, they find a guard is about to lock a gate across their path.  If he succeeds they're trapped, caught between the iron bars and hounds' porcelain-adorned jaws.  Leona takes the shot; with nowhere to hide he's squarely hit.  Beth runs ahead as Leona recocks her bow.  They dare not be without a ready dart, for the wailing of dogs' echoes through the corridor.  Beth finds the slain guard has fallen with his weight opposing the gate's direction of swing.  Even in death the portly fellow may have defeated them.  Try as she may, even with the prospect of being reunited with her puppy pals to encourage, the gate refuses to budge more than a few inches.  "It's stuck," she cries out, poking at the fellow with her confiscated sword in the vain hope of encouraging his retreat.  But, he's feeling no pain.  
The dogs round the far corner, bearing down on the girls' position.  Leona desperately charges into the gate, hitting it on the fly like a football tackle.  Her left shoulder seems always in the way of things lately, but she dare not risk injury to the right.  The gate gives way barely far enough for Beth's slight frame to squeeze by.  Leona turns and fires the last armed bow into the oncoming dog pack; there shall not be time to reload.  The charging canines are neither impressed nor dissuaded by the screeching hound that took the dart.  Her grenade fuses require nine seconds for detonation, she has three at best, and in such restricted quarters it would be suicide.  If she tries to wedge herself through the narrow opening and gets hung up, she would render herself near helpless and be ripped apart.  Time has come to stand fast; she draws her weapon, grabs a dart from the ammo pouch as a dagger and prepares to repel borders.  Beth has taken hold of the gate with both hands.  Placing a foot against the jamb for leverage, she's able to pull it open slightly more.  
"Come on," Beth screams.  "I've got it!"
A second wave of hounds rounds the corner; three were doable, perhaps, but eight are just too many.  Maybe she'll fit--she must!  Leona exhales far as she can and goes for it, successfully jamming herself through with a great amount of self-imposed scuffing.  Beth pushes the gate closed as the first wave of dogs crash against the bars in a murderous frenzy.  Their impact nearly forces the gate; indeed the corpse at her feet now helps as much as it had hindered.  There are no alternatives.  Beth's holding, but loosing ground; the bars are alive with gaping jaws.  One has gotten its head between the gate's edge and the frame, which will not allow the gate to fully close.  Leona rebounds, throwing her weight against the onslaught of teeth; crushing the intruder's snout.  The creature pulls itself back with intense muffled yelps.  Beth loses her shoe yet again and near as well her foot, kicking at the beasts.  Her hand is bitten badly for which she recites a little prayer in the higher octave ranges wishing the hounds soon upon their way to doggy hell.
Leona's bitten firmly on the back of her left calf, but there is little to be gained of complaining as Beth is still covering the subject adequately.  She feels the hot foul breath of another as it nearly has her ear.  She jams a crossbow dart into the hasp to secure the door a moment before the second wave collides with the first.  Her shirtsleeve is forfeit and her wrist nipped before she can jump away.  One creature wails, pulling frantically to extract a paw trapped beneath the door and the stone floor.  Beth stomps on it, retrieves her fallen weapon and bashes the trapped hound's head hard as she can with one arm and no regret.  The bars are alive with teeth and vicious barking, indeed it seems these curs are so wound up they would kill each other for the first opportunity to taste of their quarries' blood.  Beth drops the blade and backs away, she is in tears, doubled over in pain clutching her bitten hand for some slight measure of relief.  An open padlock can be seen lying on the carnivore's side of the gate with no hope of being retrieved.  The dart jammed into the hasp will hold, but only till the guards catch up, then they'll be set loose again.  Were there time enough, and had she not abandoned the crossbow to accomplish her exit, she would slay them all one by one and take great pleasure in so doing.
A dart skids along the wall beside Beth and continues down the passage.  Another strikes one of the dogs in the side; throwing it into a screeching tantrum.  Mingled with the barking, the girls can hardly hear each other speak.  The manpower has arrived, fortunately, now more careful of their quarry than the dogs, considering past events in the anteroom.  They advance cautiously behind shields and volleys of darts.  To avoid hitting the animals bunched up at the gate, they are firing the darts so as to ricochet off the ceiling and skim along the walls and floor.  One has found its mark, striking Leona through the toe of her boot.  She pulls Beth from the line of fire into the adjoining passage.
The wall bears one of her escape-route markings allowing her to recognize the corridor, this was one of the iron gates, she remembers, that would have had an invader caught within a cross fire.  At the far end there appears a door; yes! the rack of crossbows.  That has to be the door to the courtyard.  Both are exhausted and painfully abraded, but the girls dare not tarry to catch a breath.  With cover fire the guards will soon breach the unlocked gate, and with that again will come the dogs.  Beth's beginning to stammer; the relentless barking is about to have her completely undone.  "We're not going to sit down here and wait to die, okay!" Leona reminds.  "So get your ass to that door at the end."  Leona points.  "Crouch down in the corner, face the wall and hold your ears.  Get going!"  Beth halfheartedly sprints to the door and huddles in the corner.  Though the girls are out of sight, darts continue zinging through the adjacent corridor.  Their pursuers are laying cover fire, an effort to hold Leona's magic at bay while they advance.  Even so, the relentless hounds are her major concern.  Striking off another grenade, she sets it just around the corner, mid corridor, near the gate, the dog's commotion should distract from its presence.
With the first step away, she's painfully reminded there's still a dart in her left foot.  Precious few moments remain before she becomes a victim of her own devices.  Already the guards are attempting to quell the dogs so they can reach the latch.  They've only a few feet around the corner from where she now sits trying to extract the projectile.  Back to her feet again, she is in full forward motion.  She can see Beth is looking back at her, "turn around," Leona screams.
Lead hornets fill the air with a deafening vengeance as the grenade bursts.  Docile stone walls come alive; deflectors, suddenly riddled with hundreds of deadly impacts.  Some ricochet from the smooth ashlars again and again finding their way into the adjacent corridor.  Leona's left forearm is grazed straight through.  Another has struck her in the side and it stings like hell.  Had the impact not been taken by her leather carryall the lead tear would now be lodged somewhere well beyond her ribs.  Only twelve feet from the detonation, the concussion has sent her toward Beth head-first.  A forward-flying Leona is somewhat more graceful than a backward flying Tax Collector, yet nonetheless precarious--the key being one's ability to land well.  Oil lamps are swept from their perches.  Though constructed that their flames be slight, the reservoirs were substantial to minimize the need of constant refilling.  Fuel from the lamp at the corridor's intersection is instantly vaporized by the shock wave.  A billowing sea of orange flames cloaked by ominous dense smoke rolls out along the high pitched corridor ceilings as the waves at sunset upon an upside-down ocean of ink.  Other lamps shatter in place or fall and break contributing to the fuel supply.  Only one of the dogs may be heard now, its voice painfully retreating.  Through the thickening haze an injured fellow can be seen to stagger by; feeling his way as he continues blindly down the adjacent corridor.  Fortunately none more capable come into the mix, for Leona is temporarily out of order.
They must get out; the thick oily smoke will soon render the corridors uninhabitable.  Indeed none shall follow by this route any time soon.  Leona rises unsteadily, a bit more scuffed from her conference with the unforgiving stone floor.  Maintaining her sense of balance is more of a challenge though; for her ears insist the head there between thinks itself a bell.  And she has left a calling card, blood for the hounds surely to follow.
Beth is becoming a smidgen distressed.  "This is getting out of hand, Leo," she informs impatiently.  "From now on Hale and I are playing bingo.  You and Art can deal with this sword fighting shit."
Knowing something was said, but unable to make out the words, Leona agrees with a nod.  Hastily unloading the rack of crossbows, she slings one over each shoulder, hands one to Beth, and carries the last.  "Can you hear me?" she asks, not yet able to confirm her own words.  Beth affirms with a nod.  "Hale's waiting outside the gate.  Once we go... you don't stop, no matter what.  If we get separated, stay near the walls.  Something gets in your way, you point and squeeze this lever on the bottom.  Be calm, don't waste it, you've only got one shot."  Leona pulls a thin black swatch of material from her bag.  She drapes it over Beth's head, securing it around her neck and waist with laces.  "Take hold of this," offering the edge of her leather carryall.  "Hang on, stay with me if you can, it's really dark out there."
Indeed it is, pitch black.  There are less than a dozen torch lights stationed about the entire yard.  Of these, two flank either side of the gate and none are so bright as to be more than a blind reference for those who already know their way.  Certainly they cast no light upon the ground, which may be more to their advantage than not.  The girls scoot off into the darkness fast as they dare.  Leona limps upon her way, the dart wound and dog's bite having taken a toll of her stride.  "The gate's over there, right between those four lights," she advises Beth in a whisper.
If ever she has played blind man's bluff, this is it.  A hundred adversaries could stand before them and neither they nor them be any the wiser of the other.  She strains to detect any sound or glimmer of light that sword or shield might carelessly reflect.  Most encouraging though, there is no sound of panting nor the slightest growl.  All her effort would be misspent within a few terrible moments if another pack of attack hounds come into play.  They've been quick about the business of getting out and the explosions were contained deep within the sealed structure.  Though curious some may be of such rumblings, who would dare to question His Lordship's private activities?  Fifty yards hence the unmanned gate promises them freedom; could one hope the alarm has not yet spread?  But now as though it were her wish, a bell begins to toll.  Considering the distance they must travel, she has estimated the first of the garrison's troops could mount up and reach the prison side gate within 60 to 90 seconds.  If the gate has not been sealed before the horsemen arrive, they would be easily overpowered.
Just outside the gate Hale and Karn wait anxiously.  "They're alive, lad!" Karn exclaims.  "The bell, do you hear it!  No need of that were they not loose somewhere within those walls."  Karn jumps from the cart, sword in hand, and heads toward the portal.  "Will you die for your lady?  It's time to fight lad; we must hold this gate or they'll be trapped."
Hale can see nothing but a faint outline of the gateway, and then only because of the flickering torches on the other side of the wall.  As for the ground, for all he knows it's not even there; a tricky proposition for a fellow hobbling along on one leg.
Security is coming on line fast.  Leona has see several torches moving about on the parapets overlooking the yard, and more are evident descending the stair adjacent the watch tower at the gate.  They are going to be cut off and Beth will be nearly defenseless.
"There!" someone above is heard to shout as he heaves a torch in the girls' direction.  Darts and arrows descend haphazardly toward the escapee's perceived location.  Those ricocheting from the paving become like scatter shot moving horizontally just above the ground.  Others impale themselves upon penetrable surfaces, their journeys safely ended.  The ladies run the gauntlet.  Piles of firewood, feed sacks, hay bails, wagons and hand carts, each offering it's own special quality of shelter, but none more valuable than the moonless sky.  Leona heaves a heavy piece of wood back in the direction from whence they came.  The audible disturbance draws considerable attention, archers on the parapet sending a hail of projectiles only to be swallowed up by the void.
Karn wades into the sentries descending the watch tower's stair.  Each carries a torch to see his way and thus are excellently well marked quarry.  The first few are taken by surprise and quickly rendered useless.  In their haste, and for lack of railings, one slips from the edge not to be seen again.  Confusion and dark of night his shield and the confiscated guard's helmet to disguise his loyalties, Karn would seem to be at least three different attackers.  Two of Roux's men engage one another, with one being wounded before realizing they are of the same banner.  Picking up a fallen torch, Karn points it toward a guard who has lost his own and exclaims, "There he is, after him."  The hapless fellow runs off into the dark, two of his own comrades in hot pursuit.  Torches and silhouettes dance about, the archers above now hard pressed to define a viable target.
Hale fairs less well, losing ground to a swordsman who is working him into a corner.  The fellow's in no rush to end their affair; for none may find fault so long as he appears to be doing his job.  And thus occupied, not obligated to engage another who might best his challenge.  When the time's right he'll have this cripple's head, the glory of victory and maybe a promotion.  With all the confusion and dark of night who could argue it was not a gallant contest to the last.
Burning torches strewn about the ground due to Karn's scathing attack bring the onset of a dastardly deed to Leona's attention.  They vaguely illuminate a fellow who labors to release the siege door.  Assuming sitting-duck status, she takes aim at the fellow who dares to seal their fate and looses the dart.  He pulls the lever free of its catch.  The winch drum starts to unwind.  Clanking chains precariously announces their impending doom.  Karn knows it's the executioner's lament he hears and could dash away, but that was not the bargain he struck.
--
Dark of night fades to candle's light and the sounds of battle abate to a restless flute's lament.  Once again, Leona sits in the game room with her friends; all are safe and close at hand, though like before, frozen as in a photograph.  Before her a silver tray, four cards thereupon await.  The sorceress explains the implications of each. "One of these will save the day; another, your friends alone, all well upon their way, but with that choice you must quit the play.  The third of them would have the lot of you into chains, to what avail only time may say; the last will slay you one and all and not the least bit kindly so."
With odds hardly better than Russian roulette, the time to pay the piper is at hand.  She's exhausted all her trump cards and tricks to survive and reach this point.  Leona's dilemma presents a grand opportunity for Sanaia to regain control of Leona's memories.  For indeed there is a law nearly as profound as gravity, that one must give to get.  The interloper which has stolen away the sorceress's control of Leona's memories may only be foiled by its master.  Though not so in reality, by default within the game's context, that would be the player.  Rules have given to each participant authority to bargain at the expense of any resource which they command.  Unauthorized though he may be, Bird is certainly that, and as such, may be bartered.  "Forfeit a treasure of my choosing," Sanaia offers, "and thus, may you select two and retain that which you favor most."
Leona's surprised by Sanaia's offer.  Aside from her sword's apparent ability to cut whatever she strikes, there is nothing to trade, least of all treasure.  "I have no such wealth of which I'm aware."
"There is no talisman on the board for it, but if you say, it will be so.  The prize must abide your decision... thus away it will go."  Leona agrees, choosing to reduce the odds to an even money bet.
"So be it, and I shall have two of those cards to choose."
Her first choice is the card that would have had all of them into the dungeons and likely tortured to death.  She looks to Beth, unconcerned as always of her plight.  Are they truly in this room as she perceives it now?  Or is this the charade and in fact all have been discreetly spirited away to some witches' brew of a nightmare?  The interloper has ceded to the rules of the game, allowing itself to be removed, quietly, without duress.  Leona flips the second card, the sorceress is summoned away, and once again the game begins to play.
Mark congratulates Sanaia on her resourceful thinking. "Clever!"
"Thank you," she says calmly with a devilish smirk.  Clever is included with my fees."
"Did it work?"
"The intruder is playing by the rules; it has withdrawn.  You know it served us as well as she; the Witch was too potent an adversary.  Much would have been lost to your inquiry had the girl been taken so early on."
"Yes, and shrewdly plotted as to have none the wiser.  There is much to wonder about this intruder, you know.  I mean, is someone looking over our shoulder?"  Sanaia nods with an inquisitive smile.
Steel clashes, shattering the calm of the game room.  Again there is much scuffling and clatter all about her.  The candle's flame which had stolen her away is suddenly scattered haphazardly, taking the form of a dozen fallen torchlight's and four more all in a row aside the prison gate.
She immediately refocuses upon the sentry who holds their future.  He's been struck by her bolt, tumbling forward, pulled into the churning mechanism.  Gears are bound up with arms and legs as the door literally grinds to a halt painfully upon his unfortunate bones.  So much depends on the correlation of events, that precise point where time and place cross.  Fate requires but one simple tool to engineer the most intricate of designs, a fraction of a second this way or that.
With the winch's silence, now may be heard the sound of hooves pounding the ground.  An abundance of torches bob about in the dark a hundred yards distant; His Lordship's troops have mobilized.
Dropping the spent bow and bringing one of those slung from her shoulder to the ready, she dashes toward the winch.  Hardly a moment shall pass before it must be made to fall and not availed to rise again.  Ten yards to her right, three capable swordsmen are closing on Karn.  So many torches are now strewn upon the ground that he's lost the cover of darkness.  The pressing horsemen disallow her direct intervention.  Launching a dart squarely into the back of one oppressor, then heaving the spent weapon toward another to distract his assault is the best effort she can spare.  By this Karn takes the offensive, nicking one attacker who quits the engagement.  The remaining sentry takes up the challenge on his own, abruptly losing most of an arm.  Both foe back away, one the wiser, one the fool.
"Find the girl," Leona screams at Karn.  "And get out now."  The mine beneath the winch must be detonated with the hope gravity will reassume its duties.
Beth is on one knee, struggling desperately with her chewed-up hand to steady a shot at Hale's assailant.  She releases the bolt, the dart penetrating deep into his thigh.  Wounded thus, he drops like a lead balloon.  Seeing Beth, Hale instantly loses interest in his antagonist, allowing him slink away defensibly hissing and reciting verse generally reserved to Shanghaied sailors.  His plan to avoid engaging a better man has earned not gold, but the need of a crutch for the rest of his days.
Karn knew of Hale's dilemma, but could not assist.  Thankful the lad had distracted one of the sentries, for he could not have held for long against four.  Now he and Beth assist Hale, as the beleaguered escapees make their way to the cart.  Great relief settles over Leona knowing they are all at last beyond the walls.
Movement is the key to survival, but to fire the mine she must risk being a fixed target.  The spline of a broad-head grazes her knee as she stoops, another abruptly taking root in a heavy timber only inches in front of her face.  She strikes the fuse, it fails to ignite; again, and again, still no spark.  The scent of urine!  Some fool has unknowingly pissed on it!  Contact with the striker has caused the moist ignition compound to crumble and fall away.  From her pouch she retrieves a tight bundle of thin wooden sticks, the end covered with a leather sheath.  The cover seal's broken, the cap twisted and withdrawn sharply igniting the tip in a flurry of sparks.  She jams the flaring end to the mine's malfunctioning fuse port.  Unlike the firecracker used to dissuade the dogs, this is a formidable device, one meant to destroy things.  Her approach is desperate, an extremely dangerous alternative, but it must be detonated at all costs.  The dampened fuse begins to sputter.
Before she can rise, someone grabs her from behind.  With no time to draw her weapon, she reaches for anything solid as they tumble backward.  Grasping for support she catches an arrow embedded in one of the timbers, coming away with only the broken shaft.  Driving the splintered stick around behind the side of her head as violently as possible she strikes her assailant in the side of his face.  His grip relaxes, allowing her to pull free and scramble backward to her feet.  Turning about, sword in hand, she advances only to find the fellow has no weapon.  His good sense set aside by thoughts of reward; thinking to capture her alive and kicking along with a generous purse of fine gold.  But he neither retreats nor advances, instead careening past as if he were blind and crashing face-first to the ground.  An arrow calling her by name has found its way to the back of his head.  Friendly fire is surely the unkindest cut of all.
It was a costly delay, the first of the mounted soldiers are upon her.  She slings the last armed bow to her service and lets the bolt free, losing her carryall in the effort.  His attack painfully neutralized, his lance nearly finding its mark even without the horseman to guide it.  Heaving the spent bow toward the next, she nearly dismounts him as well.  Time has defeated her; any second everything near at hand will be ripped apart.  Horsemen are all around her, the exit portal no longer an option.  Diving to the ground face down, she snuggles in tight alongside the friendly fire casualty only a few yards adjacent the wench.  Clasping her hands over her ears, she patiently waits out the longest and perhaps last moments of her life.
A powerful hand grips Leona's right forearm and attempts to lift her upward.  Then it's gone, though the glove of iron mail that embraced it remains.  Physically, her surroundings are instantly transformed.  Her sense of touch has departed and all is silent, only pressure remains, slight assurance she may still be.  Or not!  For now she stands at water's edge while her mare, Carmel Girl sips the cool water.  It's a lovely day and all is perfect.
From her antagonist's many points of view, however, a splendid vengeance is unleashed, rearing up out of the ground like a horde of howling demons that none are prepared to confront.  Shattering the winch and most of the foundation, allowing the chain to uncoil wildly as the drum jerks and wrangles through the air, set to spinning by the massive weight of the falling door.  Fifty-pound limestone blocks bounce across the yard's cobbled floor like marshmallows on a windy day.  The kegs iron bands have shred into razors and rivets have become white hot projectiles.  Pity those standing near, for they are now spread upon the surroundings like strawberry jam or blended with the evening breeze.  The concussion clears the first rank of men and animals to the last.  Splintered timbers from the platform spin off into the darkness like chain shot.  The steeds of the second rank rear up in an attempt to turn away from the oncoming debris.  Nearly all the riders are thrown into the midst of the startled mounts who roll and stumble about in pain and confusion.  Those of the next rank, still advancing, collide with remnants of second.  Many of the horses fall precariously one upon the other.  A tangled heap of half-ton animals frantically attempting to right themselves and taking precious little care as to the means of accomplishing it is not a place where mere mortal man should be.  Leona and her bodyguard stay very close when they travel at warp speeds.  His corpse takes the initial impact, flash burns and flying debris at full cost.  Thus, for the most part being rendered to mush, but generally still intact.  Though tumbling preciously across a stone floor can be somewhat abrasive, slight compensation may found in that it extinguished her clothing, which was afire.  Still, transport by impact is seldom the best means for it rarely has a specific destination in mind.  Her hearing is totally dysfunctional; a loud high pitched echo is all that remains, bouncing back and forth as though it were trapped somewhere between her ears, but trying to escape.  All that can be seen are hazy flickering lights, each of them in triplicate arranged in triangular patterns and flashing specks of bright white light strewn among warbling dark bluish gray geometric designs.  Her entire surface is terribly numb, yet buzzing intensely as though she were in the midst of a giant bee hive.  Bruised, abused, dazed and confused, with several fractured ribs as a bonus, but still glad to be alive, more or less--at least she thinks so.  Though not so for many others, the massive limestone foundation blocks between her and the mine had much to do with preserving her life, deflecting the lessor stones and much of the blast's shock wave toward the oncoming troops  
Torches and burning embers ejected from the wall sconces litter the area.  This random light alludes to the fact the siege door does not yet rest firmly upon the ground.  A hefty timber from the winch platform has found its way thereunder creating a gap; thus, someone light of frame and very determined might slip away.  But, it matters not, for she has lost control of all motor functions and in fact has no idea what her current position relative to the ground might be.  All has been neutralized by the tremendous vibration permeating her entire being.  Even so, it's been a good day's work, considering she got a late start.
Just outside the walls, her getaway cart rocks and jogs about as Karn attempts to calm the team after the detonation.  Fortunately he was at the reigns at the time or the cart would be well upon its way to no where in particular.  He cannot remember being so bewildered as to what has occurred.  Things of this sort are only spoken of by the thoroughly inebriated, they just don't really happen.
Thinking her friend lost, Beth has begun to whimper.  She flops out of the cart with only the slightest flickers of light from beneath the fallen door to guide and ventures back toward the narrow breach.  Crouching down, she takes a cautious peek into the mayhem of the prison yard.  Activity is apparent, though more evident from the sounds than what may actually be seen.  Bits of images come and go in the light of torches.  Several fires are being tended to; one has gotten quite intense.  Dozens of silhouettes ramble about, mostly those of horses.  All seem thoroughly bewildered as to what just occurred and none possess of any interest to continue searching for His Lordship's lost toys.  The focus is on untangling the damaged personnel and gathering the mounts so as to keep them from stepping upon the injured.
Beth tries to raise a response while Hale stands a nervous guard.  "Hon, there's nothing we can do" Hale consoles.  "Not after something like that."
"Think of something," Beth stammers.  "We can't leave her."
"I don't know what she did, but... you know it must have been pretty bad."
"She blew the place up dummy; Beth informs sternly, "you know how she gets sometimes... when she's mad.  We've got to get back in there," Beth insists.  "Do something!"
"How?  I mean, what!  Sometimes things just don't work out, and you know these guys are bound to start coming out somewhere else."
She pretty much ignores him and continues in a subdued tone at first, then, for lack of a reply a bit louder.  "Leo!  Leo, come on... please, Leeooo!" she sings out.
Before Hale realizes it Beth is halfway under the door, another instant, she's gone!  He stoops to see what's become of her, but there is not enough light to be sure.
"Hon... Hon, come back please!  Crap!"
Karn soon joins Hale.  "Sorry 'bout your friend in there, we did our best, lad.  What was that happened in there?   Where's ya lady?  Oh Shit!  That wily little maiden of yours hasn't gone back in... under the door... has she?"
"'Fraid so!"
Karn drops to the ground to see what he can.  Neither he nor Hale could possibly fit through.  There's no sign of Beth.  He turns back to Hale.  "You must entice her to return.  They've not finished with us.  Soon as they can regroup they'll be coming to search us out."
Beth is crawling around on all fours.  She spies Leona, more or less curled up into a ball and not moving at all.  The wind's completely out of Leona's sails, and she's still not exactly sure where she may have landed.  Beth skitters over to her best friend and gives her a nudge.  "Hey!"  Leona does not respond.  Beth takes her hand; "Hey, wake up!"  Leona shudders as though suddenly aroused from a dream.
"Hellooo! are you there?" Beth teases desperately.  "Let's get out of here 'fore these dudes wise up, come on."
Leona tries to focus, could be Beth.  What's she doing here?  Leona is hard pressed to reply.  "Can't hear," she mumbles, "just buzzing, so dizzy, am I dead yet?"  Beth shakes her head negatively.  "No?  Not yet, didn't think so, wasn't sure though.  Thought all of you made it out." she slurs very slowly, "You okay?"  Beth nods a yes, delighted as ever.  Leona can't hear herself talk, but she can feel the words--at least it seems so.
"Come on," Beth advises inspiringly, let's go!"  
"What?  Get out of here, will ya.  I can't move."
"Sure ya can... come onnnn."  Beth tugs precariously at her friend's arm; Beth's touch quells some the debilitating vibration that has taken control of her senses, but still she is unable to move.  Beth straightens Leona's legs out and unfolds her arms, her friend is limp as a boiled noodle.  She tries to roll Leona toward the door, but one hand isn't enough and the other is too painful.  Beth manages to bend down far enough to get her shoulder against Leona's back and with her good hand pulling upward then pushing at Leona's hip, nudges her hero along half a turn at a time.  It's tough going for a lightweight with lacerated knees.  After a few flops, a semblance of touch is becoming apparent at Leona's extremities as Beth pulls, flips, drags, flops and pushes her along. 
Groaning a tentative, "Okay, I'll try," Leona raises a palm to quell Beth's selfless struggle.  She slowly rolls over face down on her own initiative, arches her back and draws one knee after the other up beneath her hips to the accompaniment of much moaning and grunting.  With a little more complaining, she rolls one shoulder up, braces her posture with an elbow, then rolls to the opposite, doubling down on her bet.  Braced as such upon her knees and elbows, she manages to push a hand forward, more by way of tilting her shoulder and flinging it sideways as not.  It's a beginning!  Beth, though unarmed, keeps watch and sweeps any glowing coals aside with her indispensable Swiss army shoe while Leona trudges forward on her elbows, not yet even as capable as an infant learning to crawl.  Though considerably more are now on their way to the disaster scene, those few on site still in operable condition are concerned more of their comrades who have been thoroughly crushed, stomped, burned and shredded during the affair.
Peeking under the door, Beth informs, "hey you guys, over here! come on, I've got her!"
Hale and Karn are flat to the ground, both delighted at the prospect they may soon actually depart.  It's no trick at all for Beth, but there is a bit more to Leona.  She must slither and wiggle to get started; her head and one arm are all that will fit under her own steam.  Something to get a hold of was really all the fellows needed.  With Beth pushing and the guys tugging, they manage to drag her under the door.  Good thing she's still numb as a marshmallow and buzzing like bee or her ribs would have had serious objections to the aggressive handling.
Hale attempts to lift Leona to her feet, but she is like a soggy towel.
Beth's quick as a mouse to follow, and not a moment too soon.  The razor-sharp tip of a lance soon follows.  Pushed under the door from the other side, it strikes the stone pavers between her feet.  She jumps away.  "Look out!" Hale shouts.  The blade is quickly withdrawn, then, comes again; reaching further on the second attempt.
She proceeds to scold the attempted unseen assassin like a grunge band's groupie.  "Your mother bleep, bleeds, and you can bleep, bleep's bleeping, etc. etc."
Hale grabs her arm, pulling her back.  "Where'd you hear that stuff?"
"Rappers!"
"Get thee to the parapets," a voice from within cries out.  "They are here, just beyond the door, fast to the parapets I say."
Karn is quick to gather Leona up out of harm's way.  He carries her to the cart, heaving her into the back with the finesse one might employ were he trying to steal a sack of potatoes.  Frump!
Before he can depart, she grabs his arm.  "Thanks for waiting.  Go the road southward around to the left into the forest.  You must not cross the field; stay on the road."  Not quite up to speed yet, she slumps into the straw about half unconscious.
Karn confides to Hale in an uneasy tone.  "I shall do my best, but I fear the horses will no more than walk.  I doubt they can see the way better than I, and I cannot at all."  Karn takes the reins, tugging at the horses, leading them along as fast as they will follow him.  Dumb animals they may be, but certainly not foolish; they refuse to run blindly in the darkness.  With great effort he encourages the team up to a slow trot.  Arrows may be heard as they buzz past, also the twang of crossbows being let loose from the wall above the failed door.  A moonless night may hide them from view, but it fails to conceal the sounds of their movement.  Hopefully, they will be out of range before one of their number or a horse is struck.  With a half a mile at least until reaching the forest's edge, prospects are dim they will not be overtaken as soon as the troops regroup.
Hale knows Leona's not a dummy.  He implores Beth, "Hon, you've got to bring her around.  There's something important missing here."
Beth is first to notice the stream of torches winding around the far corner of the Keep's foreboding silhouette.  "Leo, I see lights!"  She jostles Leona to no avail.  "They're coming again! Leooo wake up, please."  Hale is trying to figure out how to arm Beth's spent crossbow in the dark.  At the moment they only have the one Leona confiscated--a single shot for their entire defense system.  Then the water barrel comes to mind.  Yes! and there was a bucket, too, he remembers.  With some feeling around he manages to get it about a third full and heave it into Leona's face.
A stern wake-up call, true, but what are their choices?  This brings the urgency of their situation back into focus, mostly because she's now beginning to hurt as the false security of total numbness begins to evaporate.  "Oh shhiiit!  She reels slowly to one side and twists slightly.  "Is everybody out?"  She grabs Beth, then strains to identify the other passenger.  "Is that you, Hale?  Good!"
"Leo they're after us again," Beth informs fearfully.
"We're not moving," Leona correctly reasons, "why... why are we not... the lamp?"  She crawls up over the seat back.  "Hey, you out there, stop the team!  Get up here and drive this thing."
"They will not hasten into the darkness milady, nor can I see well enough to guide them.  What would you have me do?  Our only hope is to get into the forest and scatter.  Hide till dawn, then try to make our way."
She can hardly hear her own words and strains to understand those of her primary, only in fact, ally.  The sounds rise as though spoken from the depths of a well.  "Come up here now, horsemen are on their way."
"Then we must abandon this folly" Karn advises, "and take to foot."
"No! You swore to stand with me, get your ass up here now."  She turns to Hale for assistance.  "Help me out.  I need to get around to the front of the team."
Beth volunteers knowing Hale's leg has pretty much had it.  "I can do it," she insists in spite of how chewed up and battered she is. Leona feels around for a stash of items gathered in advance so as to be quickly retrieved.
"Hey look!  They're going the wrong way."  Beth informs excitedly, the row of torch lights moving off toward the city.  Another group, perhaps a dozen, has turned north toward the adjacent woodland.  Several men with torches precede each contingent sprinting along on foot to keep the horsemen on track and search for any sign the cart has left the roadway.
"They not sure which way we've gone yet; won't be long though," Leona replies, souring Beth's positive moment.  Sure enough, a third column breaks out of the main body now advancing in their direction.  Karn realigns the reins, reluctantly climbs to the driver's seat and patiently waits while His Lordship's cavalry advances upon their position, a trying task for one of his nature.
When Leona slides off the cart's tail end, her knees fold and she is once more in a heap.  "Damn it! where are my feet," she bemoans.  Nearly a deadweight and more than Beth can handle, Hale joins the effort.  In no time the fearsome threesome's hobbling right along.  As her systems begin coming back on line Leona's taking note of every quirk.  The concussion may have damaged her back for there are lapses of sensation.  Twisting and then snapping the cap from one of her homemade matches, it begins to fizzle and glow, then sparks up catching fire--this before reaching the team.  There is need to approach slowly with the light as not to alarm them.  Much concern is in Karn's eyes as she hands an apple up to him.  "Get those leather straps buckled around you tight.  If you're to be lost, sir, it should be for better cause than a bump in the road."  He knows with that fire to guide Roux's horsemen will spot their position, but what is he to do?  Expressing a groan reminiscent of pap's when he lowers a heavy box of fire wood to the hearth back home, Leona swings the oak panel hinged to the seat back around and latches it to the cart's foot board.  "To keep you from harm's way," she advises.  Hence, Kare's left side is now protected well as his back by inch thick oak planking. 
"Why are we passing out apples?"  Beth asks. 
"Something sweet to steady the horses; you need to do that while I start the lamp.  Keep your injured hand down at your side, the sent of blood might set then off.  Use the other, Spread your hand out flat, palm up with the apple on top.  Don't try to hold them between your fingers or you risk being bitten, understand?"
"Oh great!"
While Beth cautiously bribes the horses with treats and Hale props her up, Leona pulls the wild cards from her sleeve.  Removing the lamp keg's lid, she fills the upper chamber with water, then latches the cover back in place.  The tapered edge thereof has been spread with a generous gob sticky bee's wax to create a gas tight seal.  No simple task, her hands still numb, it's like working with bananas instead of fingers.  Dripping through the pinholes, water begins to excite the calcium carbide in the lower chamber, whereupon the sweet pungent odor of acetylene soon permeates the air.  Bringing her match to the iron tube at the reflector's center, there's a mellow pop! a flash, and now a brilliant white flame rises before the polished reflector to show the way.  Leona had attached a blinder on the lamp side of each horses bridle so as to prevent the bright flame from blinding them.  Karn's view of the flare is blocked by the reflector, he sees only the roadway and is so exceeding glad of it as not to wonder for a moment how this could be.  He steadies the uneasy team as Beth offers each yet another sweet delicious apple.
As she moves back toward Karn, Leona looses a strap restraining a heavy carpet rolled up on the left side of the horse.  A venetian blind of overlapping horizontal oak planks unfurls down along the steeds left flank.  The escapees are quick as they can back into the cart.  Leona calls out, "Go, take us away and be quick.
Karn snaps the reins with enthusiasm setting her machine in motion. "Haw, Haw!"  The team is hesitant at first till they become accustomed to the limited field of view, but soon rise to a brisk pace.  Leona pulls herself up alongside Karn, "do not cross the field," she cautions.
"Yes, milady."  He's surprised to find the cart rides smooth as any carriage his former station allowed.  As with taxes and wealth, neither does darkness come in equal measure to all who venture into the night.  Though each of His Lordship's cavalry carries a torch, they fare poorly in finding their way.  Indeed such noble effort does little more than foretell their exact location, tire their free arm and limit their ability to use a far-reaching weapon effectively.  Best of all, as they are second in line, their torch flames shall make excellent targets of them.
Lighting of the cart's lamp has vividly defined the troop column's prey.  For the escapees, however, there is not a more necessary evil.  A hunter's trumpet calls out to the dispersing squads of troops, announcing to all, "Come nigh to us, our quarry is found."  Their pace picks up considerably.  Knowing the road to curve left around the field ahead, a path from which the cart may not deviate effectively.  The unit's commander orders a squad of his men to break away into the field to outflank their objective as much effort could be conserved were they cut off from the sanctuary of the forest.  The cavalry steeds are much more disciplined than Leona's team.  With the light from her cart now sufficient as a reference their trusty steeds charge into the darkness unconcerned of the consequences.
The cavalry's closing in from behind, their lances and banners apparent even in the failing light of torches.  A dart is heard to strike the tailgate and the stinging sound of another passes by.  Leona explains the workings of crossbowmanship to Hale.  "Now you can feel the cable, and the latch right?"
"Yeah!"
"Okay, here's the problem.  It's dark, you can't see what you're doing, this wagon is all over the road, but you can't load the dart until the cable is set, got it?"
"Right!"
"If you bump the trigger while you're loading the dart, your nickname is Three Fingers... understand?"
"Right... Got it!"
"Okay, it's set.  Don't even touch the lever, point it away, brace yourself, stay down, and hold on.  Let me deal with it for now.  If I need help I'll let you know."  She takes up her longbow.  The glove to protect her fingertips is not to be found, however.  Lost in the shuffle, it hides somewhere in the straw.  There is pain on the horizon, for one does not pull a longbow with fractured ribs, with or without a glove, lest they shed a tear.  Each time she tenses the string, it's like being struck across the chest with a whip.  With the fifth shot her fingertips begin to sting, her ribcage aching with a vengeance.
Karn takes note of those crossing the field in advance of their position.  His faith is to be tested again, and so soon.  It's a task more demanding for him than any physical effort shall ever be.  He calls out to his general with some anxiety.  "Milady, we are being outflanked, there to the left."  Alas, she is seriously engaged at the moment and even were she not, her hearing is still seriously deficient.  Reaching around behind the seat, Karn manages to attract Hale's attention to relay his concern.  He forges ahead, himself defenseless, hoping that he and the team may breach the forthcoming roadblock without acquiring a lance through his chest.
Leona leans to his ear, verifying the demands of his mission.  "Do not waiver from the road; the forest is your mark, sir, at all costs."
The flankers are fast approaching, now scarcely thirty yards from the road.  Suddenly a great turmoil prevails in the darkness; torches twirl through the air aimlessly.  A web of strong hemp has been woven through the saplings obligating all who venture there to caution or despair.  Only one lancer has evaded the trap and reaches the road.  Leona takes the shot.  The fellow's steed is so alarmed at the intense on-rushing beam of light that it bolts, carrying the lancer off on a wave of panic.  Neither of them have hit their mark, thus, both shall see the sun rise again.
Soon after entering the confines of the forest the road narrows such that the cart may neither be bypassed nor outflanked.  Those who would pursue have little choice but to form a single row behind the rolling blockade.  A logistical catastrophe, for the lead horseman lit by his own torch becomes a helpless target.  One likely to suffer more beneath the hooves of those who follow than from the broad-heads coming his way.  Many of the riders have abandoned their useless torches, rather choosing the cart's silhouette as their objective and ignoring the pitch black that hides all else.  Thus, low slung branches consent to join Leona's arsenal.  The only weapon they may now bring to bear is a crossbow.  Each rider has but one shot and that unsteady at best.  For anyone galloping on horseback, reloading a standard crossbow on the run would be near impossible, much more so in the black of night.  Disaster then their fate, but 'tis a game after all and they its pawns, condemned to await their end.
By the ninth shot, Leona's fingertips are sore, her ribs in extreme distress.  By the twelfth her fingers burn as if held to a flame.  But, so long as these fools refuse to disengage suitable restraint must be imposed.  fourteen shafts pass into their ranks before their advance is stemmed.  The cost, fingertips nearly pealed away and a rib cage in pain akin to those on the road behind who have rolled beneath the hooves of their countrymen's steeds.  The chain of events to which they were so fiercely bound is finally severed.  At least until dawn when His Lordship's smiths will surely try to forge the links together again.  "They've backed away," She informs Karn, "lessen the stride.  Are you well?"
"No injury here milady, and the horses feel right.  Is there any water to be had?"
"Yes!  Hale, there are cups under the barrel.  Draw some water for this gentleman?"
"On the way dude."
"Do you know the bridge ahead where there are great piles of stone?"
"Yes!"
"It will take half the night, pace the horses to expire there.  I expect a friend with a fresh team.  Your password is 'if any stand nigh.'  His reply shall be 'to show the way home.'"  There's freshwater back here for the steeds if it's needed; you be the judge.
"Are you leaving us?" Karn inquires, more in jest than of true concern.
"I hope not, but if I don't lie down soon I'm going to drop dead.  If the light wanes, unlatch the top of the keg and pour a little water in.  These will keep you," she advises, handing him a couple of apples and a cocked crossbow.  Then taking a firm hold of his shoulder, she concedes, "Thank you for your patience."
"I am your man;" he concedes quietly.  Never doubt of it, milady."
She retreats into the straw to conference at executive level with Beth.  "You know all the clues.  You need to collect Art and figure this out."
"What!  Are you resigning?"
"I'm just trying to cover our ass; what if something happens?  There's no guarantee certain things don't happen.  You can't win the game every time--it wouldn't be fair.  Karn knows where Art is, and he knows his way around this town."
"I don't like the tone of this conversation, Leo."
"Beth... I've never hurt so bad.  I'm not sure I can finish.  I've got to crash for a while.  Just keep it in mind, okay?"
Beth whimpers a bit.  "I've already done that... thank you."
"Hey, one more, this sword I've got, it's special.  Don't let it get lost.  Give it to Karn not Art; he's the best qualified to make use of it."  Finally, time to rest, perchance to sleep in spite of the aches and pains which have risen from every quadrant of her being.  Which of the three remaining cards did she draw?  For one at least, though her friends escape demands she does not wake.  The adrenaline subsides, the breathing softens, her eyes close, and she is soon away without a care.
Beth looks to her battered defender, then to Hale and begins to cry while pulling at the heavy leather collar lashed about her neck.  Hale hadn't even noticed it till now.  "Take it easy," Hale consoles, "you know Leo, she'll be all right.  What is that?  Hey, hey, be calm, Hon.  I'll get it off.  Turn around some, feels like there's buckles on the back."  Soon as Hale has loosened the straps she pulls it free and heaves it into the darkness.
"Don't ask," she anticipates.
Half the night passes before Hale and Beth have joined the slumber party--three babes cast adrift in a fantasy's dream.  Fortunately, Karn stays the course, pressing ahead into the endless darkness.  All the world has disappeared, gone, but for a cart and the 20 yards of road directly ahead.   Very cool the late night air, 50 degrees perhaps.  The chill keeps the team comfortable and the driver alert, now with time to wonder why this sorceress has pulled him from the grave.  Hunched-over old hags with raspy stinging words is all that's ever came to mind.  Never one so young, but certainly a force to be reckoned with.  The river surely nigh, for a heavy fog now shrouds the way.  A deception spawned of the cool evening air mingling with moisture trapped below the forest's canopy along the waterway.  Two great stone pillars with a broad hefty beam spanning across their tops rises in the mist ahead.  They appear as sentries to announce one's arrival at the bridge crossing from the lands of Mosheum into those allocated as the domain of Sorin.  He pulls the team to a halt midway upon the rickety old structure and unbuckles his seat belt.  By this none may spring upon them from the dark roadside while the cart stands at ease.  Lifted so above the roadway, the lamp's beam is an eerie sight to behold, cutting through the haze as some otherworldly force at his command.  Waters here are narrow, but swift and deep.  Stones piled thereabout have been gathered to construct new foundations--a public works project floundering in bureaucracy over how the costs should be shared among the cities.  Indeed, the foundation blocks have set for so long the intersection has come to be known as the stone piles.  Just beyond, the road divides, a branches branch running east and west as is the customary boundary for defining the border between any two cities.  A twenty yard wide swath of land which no man may own and no invader may cross that the Henzec's not come down upon their heads in a great furor.  The main road continuing northerly into the heart of Sorin.
Not knowing what or who to expect, Karn stands upon the seat with crossbow in hand and inquires to the darkness.  "If any stand nigh... come forth and be seen."  His confidence recently betrayed, his nature has taken a cautious turn of late.  With the extended seat back and side gate he would be a difficult target to define.
From the darkness, an answer, "Aye sir, ah traveler here."  Stick walks into view at the far end of the bridge shading his eyes from the beam of light. "Just taking ah nap till the dawn... ta show the way home."
Karn drops to the ground, the passwords having been properly exchanged.  Stick approaches from the far end of the bridge, his trusty hickory staff in hand.  Not the sort that cares to be noticed, he's appropriately attired in the darkest of browns and grays.  "Ya look familiar, sir.  May I inquire au ya name?"
"Karn Suirvol I'm called."
"Is this the Lord ah Orchard then?  A bit scuffed up ya are, fer one ah such resources.  I'm sure there's good enough reason fer it."  He extends his hand.  "I'm called Stick."
"I've seen you about the city.  Pleased to make your acquaintance, sir."
"Sir?  None ah the lords ever thought me that."
"That you've come here is proof you're as good a man as any I know."
"I expected ah certain young maiden would greet me."
"She sleeps in the back.  Are there fresh horses?"
"Back they are ah ways, hidden amongst the brush.  She bid me keep watch fer ah light, never seen such as this.  Thought demons was coming fer my hide."
"There are many in our wake who would likely agree.  One in every six of His Lordship's garrison suffers from her wrath.  Unfortunately she also, as much of her own magic as those upon whom the spells are cast."
Stick confides in a very low tone of voice.  "Do ya make her out ta be ah witch, milord?"
"Don't know what she is, but if she sets her mind to something don't get in her way."
Stick withdraws a small torch from his belt and approaches the lamp.  Placing it in the flame's proximity, it alights.  "A flame it is, never seen ah fire so white."  He turns his attention back toward Karn and is somewhat startled to find that all has disappeared but the faintest image of his own torch's flame.  "I'm blinded... bewitched?"  He drops the torch and begins rubbing his eyes and blinking.
"Calm yourself," Karn advises.  "A time is needed to compensate, as when one has looked into the sun."
Stick strains to see the road as images of the city's blind beggars plague his thoughts.  Stooping to recover his torch, he admits, "I thought myself vexed.  In the back ya say, asleep ya say?"
 "I think she's been hurt inside.  There was a great uproar when the gate was brought down."
"Gates?"  As Stick moves toward the rear of the cart, a sleepy Beth pops up from behind the sideboard.  Bright her eyes in the torch's fluttering light, her hair disorderly, mingled with straw and shades of night.  She looks to be a maiden who's just come away from a good cat fight.
"Who are you?"  Beth challenges.
Stick's taken back at her appearance.  "She got ya free then?  I shall be forever wondering how she came upon ah hundred in gold."
Beth furrows her brow and frowns.  "I don't think our tab was paid."
"How could ya be here then?"  He turns back to Karn.  "Sixth of the garrison did ya say?"
Karn replies with a positive nod.
"Can't be, I've been there, sir."
"And I too, condemned to the stake this very morning.  'Least until she came into the midst of it.  Cut a path from the gate to His Lordship's apartments and came away with this little prize," Karn advises, pointing a thumb toward Beth.  "But for her need of a driver they'd be piling kindling under my feet by now."
"How's that done?  Take ah regiment and then some to come and go from there.  Where are the others?" Stick protests.
"As I said, sir." jogging his thumb toward the tailgate.  "She's in the back."
Stick comes around to the rear of the cart; several darts and arrows attest to the recent conflict.  Most troubling, however, is the abundance of fresh blood apparent just beneath the tailgate's edge.  Swinging the gate aside, his torch light discloses both of Leona's feet are bathed in red, the straw thereabout saturated as well.  This revelation brings an abrupt lament of concern from Beth.
"Leeooo! This is starting to look like one of those corny hatchet flicks."  Beth starts rustling her shoulder.  "Come on, wake up, kiddo."
"What!"  Leona flinches, then, recoils from the arena of pain that was once her rib cage.  "What's wrong?" she manages softly, but with a tone of urgency.
"You're bleeding... a lot," Beth informs seriously.
"I know... it's been a tough day."  Her expression is that of painful submission, "Auuhhhh shit!  Everything else okay?"
"Yeah, so far, 'cept you."
"Feels like I caught one in the ass."  She cautiously shifts her weight, rolling onto her right hip.  Stick brings the torch near revealing several wicked tooth pick size splinters, remnants of the shattered wench platform that have found their way into Leona's hip.  "Damn... where are the dealers when ya really need'em?"  Leona grasps the exposed portion of the largest, squints, and extracts the oak sliver.  "Oh! that's better," she sighs, "much better.  Numb can be a beautiful state of mind... while it lasts.  Feels like there are more, but I can't see them."  Beth is conscripted to pluck out the remaining trespassers.  She cringes with each extraction, displaying even more discomfort than Leona, fortunately none had developed barbs.
"Milady," Stick injects, "beg your pardon, but this is no good fer ya."
"Hey, I know this guy," Leona exclaims.
With some effort she rises to a slouch.  "You made it, great!"  She starts to raise a hand to clasp his arm in appreciation; soon to realize such movement is currently prohibited.  She slips back into the straw with a great exhale.  "Were you able to get the horses?"
"They're waiting fer ya just 'cross the way."
"Thank you, you save our lives."
"What have ya done ta yaself here?"
"Bad timing.  But you know I paid those bastards... they took my money and reneged.  The coin was lead, but it looked damn good.  That over-stuffed jackass accepted it, signed the pardon.  Bastards still wouldn't let them go; made me furious."
"So I've heard.  Seems ya got ah bit ah trouble here though.  These wounds got to be bound up 'fore ya run out ah juice."
"They're only a few hours behind.  We have not the time."
"Won't make any difference if ya dead, will it?  Listen now, this sort ah thing can sneak up real quiet.  Ya start ta getting dizzy, next ya real tired, just want ta lie down ah while.  Fer ya know, ya dead.  Then ya no use ta none but flies and rats. 
"Leo... come on," Beth pleads.  "It don't look good, really."
Leona eases herself up again; the flickering torch does little to improve her concerns, "yuck!"
"Left a fine trail fer the hounds too, I'll wager."  Stick adds in the way of a bonus.
"I'm afraid they pretty much know which way we've gone.  Hope I was able to discourage their pursuit at least till dawn.  Beth, let's see your hand."  She holds up a paw wrapped in bloody portions of Hale's filthy shirt.
"I don't wanna take it off, okay?   It'll get started again." 
"We need to tend that, like it or not guess some damage control is in order," she concedes.  "Where's Karn?"
"Just behind ya tending the horses," He informs.
Among her supplies are torches submerged within a small crock of oil; she extracts two, passing one to Stick as she eases out of the cart and lights them from his.  "If you please, sir, plant this back where the road joins the bridge that none may slip across without casting shadows about in this fog.  He nods approval.  She limps up to the front handing the other torch to Karn.  Extracting the plug from the lamp's water reservoir, she drains the remaining liquid cutting off the flow to the fuel compartment soon causing their head lamp to extinguish itself.  The bright flame would startle the fresh team and neither is it wise to waste fuel while they tend their wounds.  "Let's get this rig across and out of sight onto the side road."  Our greatest need is to switch the teams in case we are discovered.  It would not do to be caught up while those weary by our journey here are still tethered."  They walk the team off the bridge and around to the right about fifty yards behind the trees crowding the river bank,  Stick follows.
The original team has been most patient and deserving.  The heavy venetian blind protecting the exposed flank of one is cut loose.  A wayward dart wedged deep into the planking vindicates her forethought.  Good portions of oats and several apples are served up to each as reward for services faithfully rendered in the line of fire.  The new team is likewise bribed to assure them they have come amidst good company.  Karn busies himself hitching the fresh horses.
"Hale, there's a chest on the left beneath the straw, drag it out and open it.  Be careful with those cloth wrapped jugs.  One has a sort of gasoline; we don't want that spilt with these open flames about.  Then you take the rear guard.  That torch light over there," she points, "is your mark, don't take your eyes away for it.  Any movement within the mist, a shadow, whatever, or if the light goes out, sound the alarm.  If they come at all it will happen fast; hold your shot till you can't miss.  Stay in the cart and keep the tailgate latched.  I need to be sure where you and Beth are.  If we have to haul ass there won't be time to gather stragglers."
"Yeah," Hale agrees.  This knee's a sure-fire straggler-maker."
"Right, if we delayed and they got a shot at one of the horses, we'd be finished.  Beth, there's a leather pouch bound with straps in the chest.  That's our first aid kit, can you find it for me?"
"No problem!"  It's a struggle, her one hand pretty much useless, but she prevails, passing the bundle down to Leona.
Stick has returned with a pail of water and a hobbling stick for Hale, a stout fallen branch with a convenient crook about half the way along.
"Here ya be, lad.  See if this 'ill do ya."
"Hey great... thanks guy!"  It's a bit short, but still a significant improvement.  Supporting nearly all his weight on one side, as has been necessary of late, would soon have him limping on the good leg as well.  "Works okay! I've just added you to my Christmas list, buddy."  Stick nods, may have even smiled.  "Do they play football around here?"
"Hale!" Leona interjects, pointing toward his assignment. 
"Right, the torch... I'm on it!"
Bloody straw litters the rear of the cart.  Stick takes on the messy business of sweeping away what he can with a branch and dousing the planks with a generous stream of water.  "Mess like that ta guide'em, hounds could follow ya all the way cross the river Styx, maybe even then some."
"The river Styx," Leona questions?  "You know Greek mythology?"
"Don't think I know any Greek stuff.  No, never heard of um, but I heard 'bout the river ya cross to the underworld."
"Hum!  Anyway, now that I'm moving around, seems you're right about getting lightheaded; looks like you've got a customer, Doc."  She gathers the quiver of arrows and her long bow.  Beth hops from the tailgate to join Leona.  "No... bad idea.  Better if you stay in the cart for now, okay?"  She nods shyly and rejoins Hale.
Karn has finished hitching the fresh team; Leona takes him aside to demonstrate the operation of the valve that controls the lamp's flame.  His shirt's quite bloody, the left sleeve having been torn loose, wrapped about his arm and tied off poorly.  Pummeled extensively about the head and face, his appearance is more than slightly apprehensive.  "Let's see your arm."  He starts to pull away.
"Hey, don't be getting squirrelly on me this late in the game.
"I'm fine, milady.  'Tis you needs fixing."
"We all need some fixing," Leona rebuffs.  "But, there's a necessary order to things at the moment.  Most critical to my friends and I is a good swordsman and sound driver who knows this land.  So, your injuries are worthy of concern three times over.  Come into the light and sit.  Please, milord, I need to know your limits."
Rolls of linen bandages, bulk cotton and soft pieces of leather make up the vast majority of her medical supplies.  The apothecary includes the potion given by the good brothers to soothe her shoulder, a red clay bottle of freshly distilled 190-proof fuel-grade moonshine--disinfectant that is, a pouch of powdered alum, a vile with several swigs of Mom's soothing elixir, a vial of iodine tincture, a small pot of salve Hemmil concocted from what she was able to tell him of Hale's knee injury and the assortment of remedies filched from the abandoned wagon.  The Alchemist's preparation exhibits the same nasal deadening aroma as the topical anesthetic which so kindly aided her battered shoulder.  Her operating theater is comprised of a small razor-sharp blade, a low quality dagger, several of the finest sewing needles she could find, cotton thread, and a pair of tweezers courtesy of the tinker who made her lamp.
She unties the lashing about Karn's arm and removes what remains of his shirt.  There's a mighty solid fellow under there along with an abundance of bruises and several impressive old scars.  None of the newer work appears more than superficially annoying.
The arm is another matter; someone has nearly cut a half inch thick slab of it free.  Fortunately the flesh is still attached by a healthy stump.  It has served as its own bandage, but severed to this extent it will be some time in the healing.  He's done well to handle the horses, holding the wound tight to his side as he must have to curtail the bleeding.  "You know I've got to open this to clean it properly, right?"
"It's begun to heal over nicely," Karn points out.  "Just needs a binding to keep it."
"Something that deep, you're bound to end up with an infection.  Once it starts... I have no way of stopping it.  I know you've seen it happen."
"Everyone takes their chances with this kind of thing."
"Yes, but the chance you're taking places all of us at risk.  You're a big boy, I can't force you.  But I can offer better odds you won't lose the arm or worse to blood poisoning if you'll let me disinfect and close it.  We have more trouble than we need, sir; it's foolish to risk more which may be avoided."
Thoughts of a friend taken with infection cross Karn's mind.  A simple nail puncture laid him to his grave, but not without his leg being sawed and sawed again three times.  It was a foul and lingering business.  Anguish throttles his voice, but he concedes.  "Do as you will, milady."
 Stick has returned from the riverbank with another pail of water.  "I'll start us ah fire and hold'em fer ya when ya ready.
"A fire, yes," Leona agrees.  "We'll need boiling water quick as you can, but it's not going to happen in a wooden pail.  There's an iron pot in the cart and get another torch. "  
From Karn's point of view the water comes to a boil far to soon.  Stick lays his broad heavy hunting knife in the orange coals at the fire's edge.  "You'll need this for the searing".  Then, kneels behind Karn, reaching up from below to gain a firm grip of his shoulders.  Leona glances toward the thick blade, but says nothing.
Given the status of her fingertips, the repair will probably torment her no less than her principal ally.  A steaming damp cloth is first used to wipe the area clean.  Withdrawing the small blade, she wipes it with alcohol then catches the edge of the severed flesh.  Lifting it gently, she carefully pulls the slab back to expose the muscle fabric.  The damage appears clean and the cut smooth.  Fortunately the weapon had a well maintained edge.  "This is going to sting a little," she cautions, flushing the wound with a liberal flow of moonshine.  Karn hardly flinches.  In fact, it probably burns her bow string scorched finger tips as much as Karn's wound.  "Ah shit!" she ventures quietly, then blowing air on the tips of her fingers to cool the stinging sensation.  Fresh blood has emerged across the surface of Karn's wound, priming the surface.  she gently smoothes it closed again.  Placing a finger over the vial of iodine to catch a drop, she dabs the bright red tincture along the perimeter of the cut.  Once dry she traces the cut's edge again with a smidgen of the narcotic save to deaden the edge.  Stitching flesh is different from sewing a colorful patch on the back pocket of your jeans.  The fabric of humans offers less resistance to the needle, and somehow, even were it not her own, she feels the pain.  The act itself creates a special obligation and first timers often feel a little queasy regardless of which side of the needle they're on.  Both men watch quietly as the wound it repaired.  
Stick shakes his head, smiles coyly, rises and pats the patient on the shoulder several times.  "Hum... wasn't so bad then, was it?"  He gathers up his knife and sets it aside to cool.
With a deep weary sigh, she looks to Stick and requests assistance.  Might you wrap his arm for me?"  She hands him a six inch wide roll of linen from her meds kit.  "I'm afraid these fingers of mine are not going to allow me to bind it tightly.  Two laps of cloth, then once around with the leather and bind it tight.  Hopefully it will take root and heal over with no complications."
She backs off, attempting to comfort her own damaged limb, while Stick attends to the details.
"Is that all?" Karn inquires in a hushed tone.  Stick chuckles slightly which catches Leona's attention.
"What did you have in mind?"
"I've no complaints, milady," Karn assures. 
She looks to Stick for clarification.  "Round here, they would've heated au iron and singed it black.  Kinda like cooking, ya understand?  'Course first ya got ta cut the loose stuff away so ya can put the iron flat ta the bad spot.  Un'sides, once ya scorch it, the loose stuff won't work back ta gether anyhow."
"I see," she nods.  "Well, strike any thoughts from your mind of doing such to my foot."
"Yes, milady," Stick agrees.
Once complete, Leona examines the binding.  "Is there anything I can't see?" she questions, "anything you're not telling me.  Looks like you've had some good thumps on the noggin--headache, double vision?"  She takes hold of his forearm and looks into his eyes.  "You sir, are my back-up.  Of all of us, you must be ready to fight at your best.  My friends will be depending on you more than I... I need to know."
"Now that my arm is so well repaired, for which I shall ever remain in your debt.  Stout as an oak, you have my word."
"Well then, Sir Oak, get thee to your post.  If we are set upon I want you off without delay.  If I'm lost, take them to the Brobose Inn and collect my friend.  Once there, your oath to me is fulfilled."  He gently pushes a finger to her ribs; she flinches.  He stares back into her eyes with concern.  "You see how this depending... works both ways milady?
"Yeah, I get it."  She nods toward Stick with his freshly filled pail.  "My surgeon awaits."  She sits and begins unlacing her boot.
Karn takes Stick aside and quietly inquires, "I felt nothing, my face hurts more than my arm.  Ever seen the likes of it, was it witch's craft?" Karn asks, as much as searching for guidance.  "She mends well as she destroys and she destroys like you've never seen."
"I 'spect your lady friend come from ah place where things is different than 'round here.  Just be glad ya was on the right side ah her needs.  And I'd stay wither long as ya can," Stick advises.  "'Cause someday old Roux 'ill catch up, and I'm thinking she's the only one 'round here might put that cur down."
Blood flow begins anew with the removal of her boot, the dart slit a minor artery in the top of her foot near her toes.  Though the damage was minimal, once removed however, the projectile provided an open channel through her boot.  Any obstacle her sock may have offered was overwhelmed by her own system's desire to provide oxygen for muscles to facilitate her rapid activities at the time.  Had she not lain down and fallen asleep, reducing her metabolism, she might have ended quietly; no one the wiser till she failed to awake.  The second card she chose then touched kindly by the hand of fate.  Thus, even in parting Bird has served well; twice she's been unknowingly preserved by a scrap of compassion shown an orphaned egg.
Stick has set to work, placing Leona's finger over the wound to stay the flow while he cleans up the sticky mess she calls her foot.
"If Roux catches up," she assures, "you're welcome to cast your lot with us."
"I'm thinking the forest ah better place fer the likes of me," he surmises, nodding toward the river.  "The current there is swift as any steed.  I'd ride it ta the shallows 'bout a half mile down.  'Caus I'm thinking they wouldn't waste their time on the likes ah me, not with folks popular as you four sneaking about."
Stick tilts her punctured boot, allowing some of the accumulated blood to drip on the point of a broken shaft he's removed from the cart's tailgate.  Previous discussions of hot irons and cutting things still fresh upon her mind, she eyes the twisted blade with some concern of his intention.  "To what purpose that blade, sir?"
He smiles. "I'll leave it down the road ah ways fer the dogs ta find.  They'll be thinking 'least one of your party's taken ah serious cut.  The more things left ta deceive is all the better.  Once they get started that way, finding stuff like ya friend's bloody shirtsleeve and what have ya, they might keep going fer a day or two."
Submerging her bloody footwear in the pail several times and sloshing it around, he then dribbles the soiled residue along the roadside.  "Yep, hounds er gonna love this place.  Can't put it back, already gone ta waste, may as well put it to ya best interest."  Finally content to leave it soak, his attention returns to the wound.  Concern rises when he discovers she has withdrawn her finger from the puncture, yet the blood has ceased to flow.  "I think this not ah good sign, milady; how ya feeling?"
"Don't worry, I haven't run out of juice, not yet.  I've held it off here with my thumb, see?"  She relaxes the pressure for a moment, the flow resumes, then stops again.  He nods his understanding.  She flushes the area with cool alcohol seemingly causing the wound to sizzle, dabs the bright red tincture thereabout and bids Stick bind it.  A thin piece of leather is added over the first lap to provide more of a fluid-tight seal that walking doesn't encourage flow.
Privately, she is concerned.  A puncture wound of this nature cannot be adequately disinfected superficially.  So, there is the chance of developing an abscess or gangrene, but they've done the best they could.
"Lots round here thinks blood is just ah nuisance," Doctor Stick advises, "like wasn't ah good reason fer it.  I know some cuts themselves when they get fevers, just lets it dribble away.  Not seen one of'em come ta ah good end yet."
"Your thinking's correct, I assure you."
"All ya need do is look around ah battlefield to see all the dead men's run outa it.  Ya'd think that would tell'em someum."
Working their way up, she rolls slightly on her hip to access the bite on the back of her leg.  She presumes the dog got a mouth full of iron bar along with leg or the wound would be much deeper than it is.  After it's cleaned, moon shine and iodine with a bit of salve to lessen the pain.
Catching a whiff of her disinfectant, Stick teases. "That potion of yours might serve ah man better ta drink than bathe.  What's it fer?"
"Helps keep things from spoiling.  Your patient will always fare better if you rinse a wound with the strongest spirit you can find.  I suspect even ale's better than nothing.  Consumed, it may dull the pain, but it thins the blood, causes it to run out faster.  I recommend chicken stew... with lots of onion and garlic."
"Good stuff, that!  But there's times when ah fellow's mind needs soothing, too.  Strange about ah dog's bite though, wicked as they be, more likely not to turn bad like cuts from a blade.  Lest the beast has the curse of foaming, none gets by that's bit by one ah them kind."
Fine cart ya have, had it made special I see.  Serving you well, too.  Thing about it, though... it has to follow a road and roads are easily followed, if ya get what I'm saying.  I 'spect we need ta tend that arm next."
"Yeah, good thing I'm right-handed, seems my left side's been the preferred target since day one.  Now I've whacked it again."  She pulls the soggy red sleeve back with great care.  The lead shot seems to have gone all the way through.  If there are any stragglers though, it's going to present a big problem down the road.  The wound has pretty much swollen closed and it hurts a lot more than her ribs.  Chances are the detonation heated the pellet well beyond the point where bacteria could survive.  It's cleaned, dowsed, dabbed, wrapped and bound.  Bless the brothers and their wonderful ointment.  Is this stuff great or what?
"Course ya know... the dawn is only 'bout three hours off," stick offers in the way of idle conversation.  "I fear ya gonna end up easy pickings once the sun rises.  Ya do realize... there's four horses at your disposal now?"
"I do, but there's no saddles and my friends have never ridden.  Even if we had the gear, at more than a trot they wouldn't make it.  I doubt I could myself against a good cavalry mount.  Craft and trickery is our ally not speed, sir.  We don't have the resources for head on conflict.  Besides, two of these animals are borrowed, are they not?  You did borrow them, right?"
"Yep, from ah friend," Stick assures.
"And I promised two good steeds in return."
"Yep, but things can get lost," He reminds.
"I would never ask you to deceive your friend."
"Thing about my friend is, he knows me, so he knows things can get lost."
"I appreciate your concern," she assures with a warm smile.
"I see, well then, off with ya shirt.  Let's hear if your insides sound right."
"Say what! just a minute there!"
"Wise as ya are in lots of ways, young lady, Um much older and wiser in others.  'Sides, ya just stomped all over Lord Karn on the same account.  What's good fer the gander is just fine fer the goose, too.  I need to listen close at ya breathing.  You're friends, if they loose ya, they're dead, and ya know it; so be still."
"Well... shit!" she concedes, knowing certainly there is considerable discomfort and propriety should be her least concern.  "How do you know my ribs are hurt, anyway?"
"Lord Karn told on ya.  He's just as concerned for you as you're fer em.  I've seen men was torn apart; I know what the bones under there look like.  Bad if one gets turned in on ya.  Do ya know the taste of blood?"  Leona nods affirmatively.  "Been any of that coming up?"  She nods again, but in the negative.  "Good sign."  Another nod in the affirmative.
"If a lung was punctured I'm sure I would know by now and there's nothing anyone could do about it anyway."
"Still ya should be listened ta," Stick insists, "'sides If there's a problem, knowing 'bout it is ah fair part of the cure, don't ya think."
"As Karn said, do as you will... but be aware, there are limits."  She pulls the shirt off.
Drat!  What's this?   Stick has never seen the likes of a bra before and being forewarned as he was, thinks it wise he neither inquire nor push his luck.  The purpose more than obvious, and this is after all a purely medical inquiry, right?  "Lie back now and relax if ya can."  He prods about, his fingertips searching where his eyes need not follow.  Indeed they're closed as not to cloud the issue.  "Breath in, fer as ya can without hurting."  He presses his ear against her side, one place then another while she draws in the refreshingly cool night air deeply but with caution.  "Ya sound right I'd say.  No bubbling or hissing, just banged up some and growling fer ya dinner.  Everything feels connected right, too.  Ya need bound up good an' firm so the rattling of your cart won't keep ya hurting.  Give things a chance ta settle in where they know they should be."
Selecting again the small leather-covered crock which provides the stuff of pure comfort, she massages a small portion of the salve over her ribs.  It feels exceeding pleasant upon her scorched fingertips too.
"What have ya there that ya seem ta like so much?"
"From the effect, I imagine it some form of narcotic.  Do you know the opium poppy in this land?"
"I do know of it," Stick admits, "but not personally."
"Yes, an unwise choice of recreations, but in small measure some preparations are a blessing, I think this is one."
"Ya should let me apply it for ya, for sure I'd be gentle as your own mother."
She cocks her head and returns a disapproving nod.  "I shall do fine, thank you."  His reply but a coy smile, as any old fellow caught at such folly.
She must yield before all is done, however, for he is the better of them to bind her up.  "Breathe in 'bout half way... hold it there while I wrap ya up.  Needs ta be firm, but not so much ta deny ya breath."  She soon finds herself swaddled round about with lengths of linen ribbon from the navel to her underarms.  Done carefully as a gentleman could and such as not to offend a lady's modesty.  "Be good if ya just lay still fer ah couple ah days."
"Yeah!  Be good if all hell wasn't coming down that road behind us in the morning, too.  I've gotta take care of Beth now, then we're out of here."
"Shouldn't we clean up some ah these scratches."  Stick asks wringing out a warm damp cloth, but Leona resists.
"They've clotted, better to just let them be.  I want to take care of the others and get moving."  With that pronouncement she begins to rise till Stick catches her ankle.
"Hold on, let's be sure if ya need ta run, ya can.  Lots a briers out there in the woods," he reminds.  "And your boot ain't ah fit place for that foot, 'least fer a while."  He slips one of the leather pouches he had used for provisions over Leona's bandaged foot, tying off the drawstring above her ankle.  Folding the excess from the sides underneath for support, he secures the bundle by crisscrossing several loops of a leather thong roundabout to fashion a forgiving but firm moccasin.  "This 'ill keep ya till the swelling down un it'll fit in ya boot again.  
"Nice! I like that."  She acknowledges her appreciation with a firm one-armed hug, at least as much as her ribs will permit.  "Thanks, I owe ya.  Someday you're going to get a nice check in the mail.  Beth... come around here," she calls out.  "Let's play doctor."
Beth bops into the light.  She's in very good spirits for a former can of dog food.  "Ummm, I like the top!  Can I get a pink one with sequins?"  Leona looks like she's headed to an audition for a part in the Invasion of the Teenage Mummies.  "I'd even settle for strips," Beth continues with a smirk.
"Just behave!"  Beth's hand is not a pleasant sight, she really got a wicked chomp.  If the animal hadn't clamped down on the iron bar it probably would have pulled her arm through.  There would have been no way to get her free aside from sharing her with the beast--which is to say, cutting her free by severing the arm.  Leona just stares at her dear friend's mangled hand for awhile.  It's such a small delicate thing.  "How's it feel?"
"Aches, especially my fingers," Beth confides quietly.
"I didn't know it was this bad.  Why didn't you say something?"
"Everybody's hurting!  You look like an advertisement for 'wife beaters anonymous'."
Leona flexes her jaw a little, "yeah, I know.  We'll deal with the cosmetic stuff later."
"I'm just glad we got out," Beth assures.  "Things are really looking up from a few hours ago."
The bite is cleaned and wrapped with the greatest of care along with a generous helping of Doctor Feel-Good's magic ointment.
"Send Hale back.  Keep an eye on that torch he's been watching for me."
Beth leans over the back of the wagon's seat and informs, "He says he's okay, Leo."
Leona is around back in a flash, but Hale cuts her off before she can start.  "I'm okay I tell ya.  My knee's not an emergency like you guys.  Rest of these dents don't even count.  Come on Leo, I've been getting along with this for two weeks now; couple more hours ain't going to make or break us.  You know that creep's not going to let it slide and it's not going to stay dark forever.  So let's get the hell out of here."
Leona emits a frustrating exhale.  "It's a good call," she affirms with a nod.  "Let's go."  She rejoins Karn and Stick.  "We've got to be off the road before the birds start to sing or we're going to end up sitting ducks."  Both her allies are quick to agree.  Leona gathers her medical supplies and recovers her soggy boot from the pail.  Water spouts from the hole in the toe, a gentle reminder people could get hurt around here.  "If nothing else," she muses to Stick, "I am learning a lot about the fugitive business."
"There's plenty more ta know if ya gonna make ah trade of it.  I think ya off ta ah bad start, though, having the whole of His Lordship's garrison coming fer ya on the first go." He chuckles.  
"You'll avoid the road I trust?  A fellow leading two horses along may be suspect of complicity."
"With all this commotion, last place I'd wanna be is anywhere 'tween you and Roux.  At dawn I'll cross the shallows and follow the deer, be home by night." 
"Thank you.  You've saved my friends and I."
"Any that's set their mind ta confounding that ass Roux is a friend of mine.  You be careful now."  He bows respectfully and leads the horses down the narrow forest road to scatter misleading implications along the way.  Soon he's just another moth cautiously finding its way in the night.
Karn's brought the cart around, the most direct rout to the Brobose Inn being the main road directly into Sorin.  Leona joins him on the driver's bench; his task the road, hers searching for a suitable exit.  They need to find an inconspicuous place to depart the road and be out of sight before the dawn.  Purses of silver will be dangled inspiring all to search out and inquire of strangers recently in the area.  And who would blame any that would point out these presumed villains to claim five year's wage or a stout team of plow horses?
At the first crack of dawn the cart's lamp is extinguished.  Were any to witness such a ghostly thing moving about the foggy countryside a great concern and speculation of its meaning would arise.  Authorities would surely be inquired upon to explain so strange a phenomenon, thus, attracting unwelcome attention to Leona's band of rebels.
They cross a shallow creek which appears as a black tunnel into the brush along the roadside, an excellent avenue to depart from the roadway that would leave not a sign to tell the tale.  Karn scouts the possibility only to discover the creek bed drops abruptly four feet into a narrow pond with no way to skirt it on either side, a course one could not hope to navigate with the cart.  The upstream fairs no better, that path blocked by a fence with open fields beyond and no place to withdraw.  Just as well perhaps, for an experienced search party would likely think the same and be drawn just as they were to such opportunity.  Young children also frequent such places in their endless search for tadpoles, crayfish and the ultimate prize, a brightly colored salamander.  Cooling their feet, the horses would like to stay longer, but time does not allow.
The forest thins to meadows and planted fields, at least so far as can be seen in the available light.  High with undisturbed grass or crops, their cart would leave tracks a blind man could follow if they depart the lane now.  First cock is heard to announce the day, and the faintest lamp lights may now be seen in the distance.  Time runs short against their favor.  The farm hands are at their morning due, bread and gruel served with milk for the lucky, perhaps even an egg for the headman.  Birds are beginning to accompany the courses rising from the hen houses as yet unseen, but surely near.
Pointing ahead to where several haystacks faintly rise against the horizon, Karn declares, "there! that field looks as if it's been cut.  Let's have a look.  Our tracks would be hidden in the stubble."  Sickle men have laid low a field of grain and wagon tracks crisscross in every way.  "This is good for us, none can tell who has gone where or when.  We need take leave of the road here and make haste for those hedgerows dividing the fields."  Leona agrees with a nod.  Their horses needing a bit more encouragement however as they are intent upon gleaning a snack from the debris.
In due time all are safely tucked away, lost within a thicket of stout young pines densely entangled of multiflora rose.  Any movements along the road are still clearly visible from their vantage point.  Concerned of nothing but greens to munch, the horses present their greatest risk.  They must be tethered and served a hearty breakfast lest they wonder into the open field and give up the thicket's secret.
Karn takes Leona aside.  "I'd be sizzling on the stake like a piglet about now had you not come to seek your friends.  I owe you more than I can repay."
"Sir... none would be here, if each hadn't played their part.  I was undone, my friends helpless.  Had you not led us away, we'd be there, swinging in the breeze to keep you company.  I dare say there's no debt between us that hasn't been faithfully paid.  In any event, I wouldn't have left you in that cage."  Each nods graciously to the other.  The current order of business: sleep and rest for the weary and wounded.

Chapter-13

OF WAYWARD RABBITS AND WICKED SQUILLETS;
 ALL BETH REALLY WANTS IS A BATH.

Midmorning finds Roux himself leading an expedition of a hundred and twenty brave souls followed by a coach and four.  Bringing up the rear is a caravan of supply wagons and another equipped with two shallow decks.  Pens in fact, filled with dogs: large dogs of bad temperament.  Last of the entourage is a flatbed wagon specially arranged to transport water barrels.  Several are lacking, in their place a small empty iron cage suitable at best for a single prisoner, two if properly packed.  The coach's passengers are a special lot: the court magician and his two apprentices, advisors in the black arts.  And one other, a consultant presupposed to have experience with a specific item His Lordship has recently misplaced.  Pious his attitude, most gruesome his expression, and so deathly pale of appearance his associates may not but wonder of his health if not his mission.  One of his hands has been replaced by a metal cap, a special socket fitted to its end for the attachment of certain useful tools.  Representing not so much the interests of politicians, as are the others, but rather having to do with the pecking order of forces divine.  His presence is in the nature of a replacement until a blind red lens shattered of late, which could see through the eyes of others, is refashioned and polished till once again it is sublime.
Assembled they are under the pretense of allies to counter devices a most wicked of perpetrators has cast in their various master's paths.  Two are charlatans, clever of words and quick of hand, no threat to any but themselves.  One however, is master of his trade, quite capable at the art of dispelling curses and like silent Pious, holding demons and illusions at his beck and call.  His ways are not of trickery, Escheloson his name, of his calling very proud, sorcery his game.
Their prized possession on this fine day is a leather pouch found at the Keep, curiosities both common and unusual there within.  It sits quietly but ominous in their midst upon the carriage floor.  One of those less talented would so love to tamper with its contents, thinking to discover some new trick to impress the ignorant, but he's been cautioned to hold his ambitions in check.
They are hardly upon their way before the call to halt is trumpeted.  The column approaches a clearing alongside the narrow forest road.  There, the results of last evening's farce are set out for display.  The wounded commander of the attempt to subdue the escapees approaches.  Four of his men lie quietly side by side.  Each has given up the most one could expect, their widows due a pension now.  While a host of others, various degrees of damage their lot, are tended by those lucky to have been near the rear of the column.  Horses wander around, some limping, others lying in the grass unlikely to rise again, dog food and glue presumably their future.
Quick to berate their failure, His Lordship growls, "A unit of my cavalry could not seize two wenches fleeing in a horse cart, how is that so?"
"They hath laid waste to our ranks, sire, four to their graves and eight to ruin.  Traps set in the field brought low those I sent to outflank their route."
"A trap?"  Turning to his commanders, he bellows with contempt, "You see, as I suspected, she has accomplices."
"Trip lines were hidden in the grass, milord."
Roux squints and tilts his head curiously.  "She anticipated your move?  No!  Impossible!  Her plans are too perfectly executed; no matter what flaw is cast into her path, still she succeeds."  The commanders all nod their agreement.  None but a fool would dare otherwise when accusations of this nature are in the wind.  "Again I say nay.  Only with spies to guide could she have prevailed.  There is conspiracy afoot.  I'll see every one of them to the gallows.  None have escaped my justice and this brazen witch shall not be the first."   Most of the able-bodied survivors are conscripted to fall in behind the others.  For none but those to be buried have earned a day's rest and leaving only the wounded to tend those soon to be dead.  At the call to advance they prance off at a fast trot into the forest.
"Someone should have asked how it was the Keep failed to restrain them in the first place," suggests one disgruntled fellow.
"Didn't you hear?  Spies were the culprits," comes a reply.  "When he gets back somes gonna get picked and condemned.  Upon their misfortune shall rest all the blame."
"Be doing just what ya was told, all'a sudden everything's wrong 'cause ya should'a knowed better.  Um if ya did it some other ways, is still your fault 'cause ya didn't listen to'em. "
"Well put, sir," his comrade commends.  "When it comes to pointing at others 'round here, justice is swift.  lot quicker than for folks getten caught red-handed."
"Right 'cause when it comes to blaming could be mistakes made, so they gotta chopem an burry'em quick."
And speaking of blame, whether earned or not, as such gruesome device may attest, were they privileged so, or as some condemned there also to go.  Finding their way to His Lordship's arena where a gown once lavish and white might be found.  Now shredded and stained of tears and thick syrup of reddish dark brown.  Locked away, out of sight, within a cage of iron, accompanied by the grizzly debris of an arrogant deplorable lass.  Dare you imagine the surprise when the royal consort was remanded, with not a servant for her needs to come round?  All her shoes lined up neatly in pairs within the cage where she was destined to be found.  Left in the dark, forlorn and alone, but for the uncaring ravenous hounds.  They to extract payment in blood for last evening's drunken clowning around.  
--
Quiet prevails around the brier thicket where early afternoon arrives before Karn begins to stir.  He ventures along the hedgerows for cover until he might slip into the wood, a crossbow for company.  With the cautious reserve of a fat wise old gobbler, he follows the downward slopes until finding a trickle of water.  Scooping out a hollow, he uses a cup to fill the pail for the horses.  By the time Leona has come round, the animals have been fed, watered and hitched, should need of a quick exit arise.  Sleep is a wonderful mechanism, but risky business for someone whose head is so much in demand.  She looks over the crew; light of day reveals them to be a battered bloody lot.  For her part, the shrapnel wound is sore as hell, but not seething as the night before.  Inhaling is a hurtful yet bearable business and shifting her weight to the heel of the injured foot relieves most of the discomfort rendered by the dart.  Combined with the dog's workmanship, however, suffice it to say she and Hale would not be much of a threat in a three-legged race.  There is still considerable resentment in her back as well.  She twitches and torque's her shoulders and hips several times, but no tingling or numbness arises.  As any concerned feline, she takes account of her litter.  "Beth, your hand, how is it?"
"Okay, really great compared to before."
"Can you feel it?" Leona inquires further.
Beth nods, "Oh yeah, but it's not pulsating like it was."
Leona motions Karn to come near.  Little doubt of her purpose, he volunteers his arm for examination, the bandage is still clean.  "And you, sir?"
"Much better; and you, milady?"
"Sore as hell, still a little dizzy.  But I think I'll survive if my boot will just dry out.  Hale!"
"Present and accounted for, chief, hanging in there."
Leona lowers her gaze, a sigh of relief accompanying her voice.  "Boy! What a day that was."
"Yes!"  Karn adds with a measure of local insight.  "I am truly bewildered of how we have come away so much intact.  And we must take care not to be seen or heard if we wish to remain so.  Stay low as you go about.  The crops been harvested so there is no need fro anyone to come back in this area, but if any of the field hands notice movement here, they may take a notion there is game to be had.  We would soon have the company of bowmen.  And there is sure to be a fine purse offered for our hides."
"Not to be discouraging," Leona intercedes quietly, "but can anyone say for certain we're not surrounded?"
Beth answers up proudly, "Hale and me have been taking turns on look-out ever since you guys crashed this morning."
"They have indeed, milady," Karn attests, "until just now when you woke."
"Sorry... I didn't mean to bark."
Beth cringes, "don't say bark, any other word but that.  Listen, you guys definitely need a little more clean up work.  You all look like you've been in a gang fight, you know.  So I'll be the look-out, okay?"  She takes Leona aside, quietly confiding.  "His leg is really getting bad.  He won't admit it, but I can tell when he's hurting."
"I've got some stuff should help."
"Thanks, I really do need him."  Beth slinks off into the brush toward the edge of the field to keep watch.
Leona motions that Hale should join her, he replies with a salute and hobbles forth.  "Karn, can you bring another pail of water?  And I need you to find some saplings, something strong and flexible, about a dozen the thickness of your little finger.  There's a small saw in the chest.  It'll be quieter if you use that to cut them."
The clumsy splints that had been tied about Hale's leg for support were lost during the battle of the Keep.  Over the course of events their edges had thoroughly abraded his ankle and thigh.  The superficial damage is cleaned and bound with a trace of the brother's topical painkiller.  "Holly cats! is that stuff quick."
"Isn't that the truth!" Leona agrees.  Wish I knew where to find more."
"My old coach would kill for a case of that," he assures.  "Oh man that's nice, what is it?"
"No idea, but I don't wanna try it on your knee yet, might make it too numb.  I've got something else a friend mixed up specially for you.  Combining them could bring on a reaction.  So let's go with the other stuff for now and see how you feel."  His leg is swollen and contorted around the joint; it doesn't look good.  She applies a generous helping of Hemmil's concoction and loosely wraps the area to keep it clean.  She binds the covering above and below the joint to keep it in place.  Slips of leather are applied over the bandages about his ankle and thigh, then a trellis constructed of the saplings lashed around his leg.  The arrangement is such that the saplings will bind against the leather slips when he stands, bypassing the knee.  This, taking more of the weight directly to his more qualified ankle.  All in all, quite an intricate construction including several crossbow darts for ready access if there is a fire fight.
 Hale's face is not nearly as battered as Karn's.  A pair of black eyes aside, most of the damage is to his left ear and cheekbone area.  During the clean up, some of the alcohol finds its way to his lips.  "Um, where'd you get the moonshine?"
"Made it, took almost two gallons of local Thunderbird."
"Leo, that's pure sweet white lightning!  Is it hard to make?"
"Be quiet, I'm trying to concentrate.  Don't you dare even think about drinking it either," Leona warns.  "It's strictly for medical use, understand?  I need your brain between your ears not somewhere off in the breeze?"
"Beth won't let me have anything but beer these days anyway, we made a deal."
"Then she knows what's good for you.  I hope you're paying attention."
"Yeah, I guess.  I came around to pick her up one night, me and some buddies, we were wasted, man."  He snicker's under his breath at the recollection.  "She beat the feathers out of me with a broom.  I mean really hard, too, broke the handle.  The guys never let me forget it either."
"I'd like to have a picture of that," Leona chuckles.  "There you go, dude.  You job is to lay still and let that goop do whatever it does.  We're outnumbered, and outgunned and we don't have home court, so we need everything we can get working for us, including your leg."
"Leo Nightingale and Mary Elizabeth the Terrible:" Hale muses, "the rock and the hard place."
"Behave!  This is serious deep shit.  Every time you try to stand you're going to strain that joint."  Her attention shifts, she motions for Karn to join her.  "I know you guys aren't going to care for this, but it's for the best.  Hale, anytime you need to get on your feet, I want you to call on Karn to help you up.  We've got to keep the pressure off your knee so it will heal.  Mobility is our only defense and right now you're not very mobile.  I don't want you doing anything someone else can do if it involves that knee.  Any questions?"  The lads look to each other, then silently to Leona.  "Good!  You and Beth will sleep in the cart.  The level of the tailgate will allow you to sit on the edge and swing around to get in and out, understand?"  Leona retrieves his crossbow and sword from the cart.  "You know what they tell soldiers in the army about their rifle?"  Hale's presents only a blank expression.  "these are your new best friends.  Where you go, they go, always."
Attention shifts to her principal ally and second in command.  "You sir, are next.  Settle down right here.  One of our number need be able to mingle with the local folks.  For supplies, to find out what's going on, someone who knows how to talk the language.  We do not; that leaves you."
Karn looks to Hale for some insight, Hale just smiles back.  "Pay attention," she continues, "if duty calls you must be ready, nice and neat, at least so much as possible."  Now with the loving care of his own sweet mother she cleans up the abrasions his face accumulated while vacationing at the Keep.  Those flowing anew are stemmed with a dab of alum.  He squints a bit with the sting of it, a sure sign of life.  "Take off your shirt and coil it around the top of your head."
"Why?"
"When are you going to stop arguing with me?  Your hair is a bloody mess; it's got to be soaked.  Unless you want to stand on your head in the bucket for an hour, it's the only way I can see to get it cleaned up."  His expression betrays the image crossing his mind.  "Haven't you noticed all the flies whirling about?  If you get any staler they may consider raising families on your head, and we don't want that, do we?"
"No, milady."  He complies; attended by some embarrassment at her suggestion he's attracting insects.  The Lord of Orchard is a strong solid fellow, about the same weight as Hale, but with 20 pounds of it across his chest and arms instead of under his belt; he probably doesn't watch as much TV.
Karn notices Hale flip an expended apple core aside.  He catches his attention and motions he should join him.  "Lad, have you been casting them apple parts out of the wagon as we was coming along last night?"
The implication suddenly dawns on him, "Probably, two or three."
"We must leave no clue of our coming and going, lad.  It's very important."
"Just wasn't thinking.  Sorry.  That was the first one today, here I mean."
Karn retrieves the spent core.  "Every trace must be buried or carried away with us."
"Got it... every trace."
"You've got to think of this as a murder mystery," Leona adds.  "Everybody's looking for clues, okay?  Now get into the cart and take a nap.  You'll catch the late watch."
"It's daylight!"
"I know, but you can't stay up all day and half the night too.  Get in the shadow of the sideboard and cover your head, whatever!  Just go to sleep."
Karn perceives he has stepped out of place, turning to Leona apologetically.  "I'm sorry, milady.  He was your charge.  I should have informed you of my concern and allowed you address it."
"I think we can dispense with the milady, it's a bit formal given our circumstances.  I answer better to Leona, or Leo, if you like.   We're in this as equals, you and I at least.  There's no chain of command."  She pours water enough over his head to soak his shirt then hands him the cup.  "Another cup every few minutes and work it around some.  When it's empty, draw us a full pail."
"Yes mi... Leona."
When all is said and done, Karn's cover girl make-over has failed.  He still looks a battered mess.  Considerable swelling and subsurface discoloration remain; only several weeks time will bring his face up to par.  Leona shakes her head.  "That's the best I can do; it's an improvement, but you still look scary.  I imagine anyone you approach would suspect you're a fugitive or run, thinking you professional brawler."
She wobbles her jaw from side to side and feels about with care.  "The side of my head doesn't feel too swift, how's it look?"
His expression pretty much confirms her suspicions.  "Fair as you are, milady... Leona, at the moment it seems you've been in quite an altercation."
"Yeah, I thought so.  I earned a loose tooth back in the guard shack; Hale's all beat to shit, too.  Beth is the only one who's halfway presentable and her clothes have survived the best.  Okay, you're going to have to tutor her.  She will be our spy while the rest of us hide behind her smile."
"I'm sure Lady Beth could extract whatever she desires from any country lad crossing her path."
"Oh yeah, she could do that all right.  Trick is to see it's done without seeming out of place, as a foreigner might."
"I understand."
She leaves Karn to his soaking, moving off toward the edge of the thicket in alongside Beth.  "What's up, anything moving around out there?"
Beth points.  "There was a couple people way up on the edge of that second hill for a while.  And I saw some bunnies over there, but mostly just blackbirds pecking around."  She strains a bit to look around Leona; Karn's physique has caught her ever-wondering attention to the male of the species.  "Hummm, lots of muscle.  Nice and furry, too--a teddy bear."
"Don't you start!  Hale's got enough grief, and we--"
"Cool it.  I was thinking of you--this is a double date, isn't it?  Wonder what he'll look like when all the scratches and bumps heal up?"
"Damn good actually!" Leona admits, not cute like Art, but never mind.
"Ohhhh, you've met before.  I'm glad to see you're still paying attention.  How old do you think he is?"
"Bethhh... get real will ya?  We have other priorities.  He's part of a game, remember?  At least I hope so."
"Well then, what have ya got to lose?"
"What?  I said it's a game.  Do you know something you're not telling me?"
"Not really, but didn't you ever have a dream about something you knew you shouldn't do?  But you knew it was a dream," she glints, "so you did it anyway?"
"Stop it!  Gimmy a break, will ya?"  Everybody's together on this, like some kind of conspiracy.  That's what happened to Art.  It's seductive this place, and he wants to stay.  Like you can do whatever you want without consequence.  I love to blow things up--I've wanted to do that so bad.  I'm getting pulled in, I want more, but it hurts too, and it's so dangerous if you're in the wrong place at the wrong time.  What if I could find the right place at the right time?  If I didn't hurt so bad would this be fun?  It's got to be a game, fantasy fulfillment in spades.  Is that good or bad?
"Leo... you still here?"
"Huh?  Yeah!  Forget it!  Right now, I just want to finish this game, or whatever.  Soon as I've got Karn cleaned up, he'll relieve you.  I'll be sending him back without his shirt; don't you dare say anything about teddy bears."  
Beth snickers with an impish smile.  "Ah come on.  Bet ya a dollar I can make him blush."  
"Behave!  We need to get some antiseptic on your knees and clean up the scratches and that cut on your forehead."
"I still don't believe you did that," Beth confides gravely.  "Next time you're going to have a William Tell moment let me know first."
"Wasn't much choice, I'm just glad you didn't flinch; it would have been hard to explain to Hale."  Beth returns a very profound expression.  "Karn's going to start teaching you the local accent; we need you to drop out of Atlanta and join the Middle Ages.  You're going to be our secret agent."
"Mata Hari!" she squeaks with delight, "sounds fun."
"Right! but when she got caught they put her in front of a firing squad and shot her, remember?"  With that sobering thought Leona returns to the salon, rinses out Karn's hair, dabs iodine on his assorted lacerations and orders up another pail of water to soak his shirt.  A general's work is never done.
Once Karn's returned to duty, Beth's remaining scrapes are doctored.  Knees and elbows not withstanding, Beth attempts the more severe scuffs Leona has earned for her efforts.  The abrasions to the side of her nose and the area around her cheekbone will require weeks to heal.  "Ya got some great colors here," Beth informs sarcastically, referring to the bluish green and reddish purple side of Leona's face, acquired in memory of the guard shack incident.  "Leo, that's the best I can do with what we've got," Beth implies sadly.  "Sorry, but all kidding aside, you look like you've been in a demolition derby without your seat belt."  Beth glances at Hale then back to Leona.  "This is crazy" she relents, "if I had a cam-corder we could make zombie movies."
Leona takes hold of Beth with a gentle hug.  "Okay, I know things look bad, worse than they really are I think, but we're hanging in their.  Everybody's fixed up and it will be dark soon so we can move on and collect Art.  I hope he's staying out of trouble."
"Why didn't he come with you?" Beth wonders aloud.
"It started out that way, but he got tangled up in some other obligations.  Hope I can afford to bail him out."
"What'd he do?"
"Just being Art, you know.  He's not in jail exactly, not like you guys were.  Friend of mine's looking after him.  Believe me, it's for the best.  I'm going to try and get back to sleep now.  Take over the watch again and send Karn back here; he needs to get some zzz's too.  I expect it'll be another all nighter on the road."
So as not to disturb the crew's positive momentum, Hale has silently harbored several pressing questions, but they're beginning to bubble to the surface.  "Has anybody eaten in the last couple of days?  Can we catch a fish or something?"  Beth immediately gives him a swat.  "Does anybody know anything about roots or mushrooms?"  He pleads.  "How about this stuff the horses are eating, what is it, can it be cooked or something?"
Leona comes to his rescue.  "I'm sorry, buddy, I completely forgot.  I did bring some basic stuff."
"You mean food?  Real food, not just apples... and you forgot!"  He turns to Beth with a quiet desperate tone.  "She forgot!  What is it about women and food, you just don't care... do you?"
Beth whacks him on the arm again.  "I knew it, I did.  Here we are, number one on the FBI's most wanted list, hiding in the weeds for our lives and still, all you can think about is food."  She appeals her position to Leona.  "I swear," she points, "he's put half that bushel of apples away already."  Focused once more upon Hale.  "You know, it wouldn't hurt a bit if you lost a few pounds."  Hale frowns!  Swinging her attention to Leona again, "look at him... he was just starting to slim down some."  She pats his tummy with the back of her hand.  "But now he's full of applesauce."
Hale dares to beg for some slack, though he knows Beth will grant none.  Their ongoing verbal food fight is the equivalent of whispering sweet-nothings to each other.  "Hon, those apples are the only eatable thing I've seen since we got busted."
"Don't Hon me, if it came down to a bologna sandwich or yours truly, you'd be full of bologna."
Leona snickers.  Come hell or high water Beth shall never relent.  It's a long story going back to a certain infamous wager made when they first met.  "Okay guys!  I'll fix something, but keep it hush, we don't want to screw up now."
The conversation has caught Karn's attention.  Glancing back toward his charges, he notices Leona has retrieved the pot from the cart.  He abandons his post for a moment to caution, "Would you have a fire?"
"I need to boil water."
"Scrap out a pit, be sure it is well concealed.  The light of day will not hide the smallest flame among these shadows.  Start it small and tend it carefully.  Only grass enough for tinder, leaves and small twigs will crackle too much.  Country folk have very keen noses; smoke from places where it should not be is always their concern.  And no meat into the pot, country dogs have even keener noses.  They know where there is the scent of cooking there are usually table scraps to be begged."  Though they mean us no harm directly we dare not be seen by the local folk, strangers are always remembered and Roux is counting on that to find us."
Boiled rice, beans and bread solid enough to be used as building blocks are welcomed by all, along with an apple of course.  Though the fare is nearly tasteless but for a hint of salt, 'tis a banquet fit for deposed nobles, wounded rogues and slave girls alike.
Mid-afternoon finds Hale scraping up the last bean of his best ever Thanksgiving banquet while His Lordship's troop column arrives at the stone piles.  The trackers dismount, several taking to foot on each branch of the intersection for signs of the escapee's route.  Though the drops of blood from Leona's foot were a hundred yards apart, Roux's hounds have had no difficulty following the trail which began when more liberal quantities were discovered within the prison yard.  This is not to suggest however that Hale's enticement of freshly abandoned apple cores was insufficient.  The remainder of the troops are permitted to dismount providing a welcome opportunity to stretch and relieve oneself.  Those investigating the branch east along the water route soon come upon scraps of bloody cloth, oats and piles of dung so fresh they are still slight warm within.  By this, identifying the position of their quarry's temporary field hospital.  Dogs howl as they frantically sniff the area where Stick disposed of the bloody rinse water.  Their enthusiasm so intense as to suggest a fresh shallow grave may be near.  Such clues are most welcome as much of the area adjacent the watercourse has been stripped of soil over the years by floods exposing near solid rock, a less than ideal surface for the detection of tracks.  His Lordship's pleased with their presumed escape route.  Taking his troops along the border's edge unannounced is less likely to stir attention than marching straight way into Sorin's open countryside which might be misconstrued as an invasion.  Perhaps by this the diplomatic formalities and anticipated bribes may be avoided.  A hundred yards further along the hounds discover additional fragments of Karn's blood-stained shirt.  One animal suddenly lets loose a frantic tirade when its nose is slashed by a razor-sharp broad-head, dried blood thereupon so fresh the ants still labor to carry it away.  Extracting a broad-head often renders the injured party a serious liability to his comrades.  Relishing the thought one of those he seeks has been seriously wounded, Roux assembles his squad commanders and orders the troops, as the escapees had hoped, to advance eastward along the watercourse.
Unfortunately one of the scouts following the route directly ahead of the stone piles has returned with conflicting data, one of Hale's fresh infamous apple cores.  Thus, a sour note rises from the orchestra pit as the senior tracker attempts to point out, cordially as possible, the deficiency's of Roux's judgment.  "Milord," another  suggests graciously, "imprints in the soil at the prison would say the cart's wheels had iron bands like those of a carriage."  Stooping down, he points to faint though fresh grooves in the exposed shale.  "Now see here these marks on the stone, these say a cart with iron rims recently turned about on this very spot."  Roux dismounts and joins his commanders who have gathered to view the evidence.  	"Milord, we know this wench is no fool," the senior tracker reminds.  "Why then all of a sudden would she be so careless?" he asserts cautiously.  "I feel there are too many vivid indications pointing us to the east, that they were contrived to lead you astray.  With the discovery of this, in plane sight on the road well into Sorin"  holding up the apple core, "I feel she intended you consider the evidence she knew the hounds would detect leading eastward a falsehood.  The core a clever ploy to draw you forward into Sorin with confidence.  But, I beg you recall, she sets traps.  And this," again raising the apple core to view, "has also the scent of a trap, milord.  I think she actually went east, that the apple is a trick."  The commanders cautiously glance to one another, yet remain silent on the topic.  Privately, Roux is stunned at the prospect that even with 120 lancers at his beck and call anyone might dare to plot a strategy of this depth.  And so with the careless abandonment of an apple core, Hale has covertly confounded Roux's confidence yet another notch.  
Pious the Pale's patients with the military's time consuming and pretentious investigation has been exhausted.  He exits the coach calm as death itself and presents himself forthwith to this twittering assembly of self-absorbed administrators.  "Why do we delay?"  Pious questions in a slow deep authoritative voice.  "The witch is no longer here, she has gone straight way into Sorin."  With that he turns about and walks slowly back to the coach.
Roux watches Pious's exit but says not a word.  Nor do any of his commanders dare a comment.  He does not appreciate having his command supremacy bypassed so to speak, as has just been the case, but this ghoul comes very highly recommended.  "It appears our preeminent advisor agrees with the scouts assessment." Roux concedes, "we proceed directly into Sorin immediately."
The men mount up and align themselves four abreast.  Those having witnessed firsthand the carnage their quarry had wrought at the Keep begin to speculate of their future rather than rejoice of this supposed good fortune.
--
After brunch Leona reminds solemnly.  "The worst is over, I hope, but we need to be very careful.  This Roux character has a lot of resources and I blew his creditability all to hell.  No one in his position can afford that, so he's going to be looking for us in a big way.  From now on, anytime we're stationary, like now, if you're not sleeping you need to be watching.  I think it's best Karn and I take the night shift, so you guys have got it till dark.  Beth, you relieve Karn; keep an eye on the road and the woods to your left.  Hale, you've got the right flank; watch the field in front and the hollow along this side."
Karn joins the cook for his turn at the buffet.  "This place you call Sorin?" Leona inquires.  "Will he follow us across the border?  Are there any rules or restrictions, I mean are we any safer here?"
"No!  Crossing borders affords us no sanctuary.  In such matters the Lords offer mutual courtesies to each other.  Gold will pass from one hand to another and notice of his intentions forwarded to the first principal city.  An envoy will join his ranks to assure he does not hang any citizens of Sorin without good reason."
"Good reason... how kind."
"As long as appropriate fees are paid, mind you, without good reason is not out of the question.  Roux will think this route is chosen to secure the support of friends or family, someone duty-bound to shelter you.  Any here even suspected of your acquaintance are at great risk."
"There are a few at the Inn.  They've taken care to remain in good standing and I hold it not against them.  Roux?  I've heard that name mentioned before.  Would that be the same as His Lordship?
"Yes, Roux of Arigon he was, now Lord of Mosheum he is.  When he crosses into this land he will send an envoy to the House of Sorin.  In turn word will be sent back to all of authority that his presence is welcome here and under what circumstance each of us may be redeemed for value."
"Circumstance?"
"Dead or alive; I suspect you at least are worth much more alive.  Surely the pains of your dying are a pleasure he reserves to himself."
"I'll keep that in mind."
"None have even attempted to invade the Keep; to even speak of such an event would have a fellow to the gallows.  Breaching his stronghold, then, taking his prisoners as you did, such trespass is unpardonable, beyond redemption.  Pity those he suspects would not have kept that secret.  They probably stood in my place this morning.  The rest of us matter little, but you, milady, you do not want to be taken alive.  Do you have poisons?"
"Those I had were lost at the Keep."
"When we return for your man, I know people there; I'll secure a measure for you."
"No need to go out of your way on that.  I'm not planning to end by my own hand."
"Why then did--"
"If things went awry I wanted at least an alternative to offer my friends.  What of you?" she inquires softly.  "When we first met you seemed well in charge of your future."
"A rebel concealed in plain sight I was; now a rebel in hiding I am.  My lands confiscated, given over to the fellow who told the tale.  Now with this, there will be troops posted to assure I do not exact vengeance upon that scoundrel, though yet I may."
"Try and get back to sleep.  I'd like to put as much space as I can between us and Mr. Roux again tonight."  It seems her eyes have no sooner extinguished the light than she's being prodded.  It's Beth, her expression a work of urgency, a finger across her mouth pleading for silence and caution.
"They're here," she confides in a panic, "coming right down the road!  A whole army!  All this 'cause I whacked some bastard with a shovel?  It's too extreme, Leo... and they started it."  There seems no rest for the wicked nor weary, at least not so in the games they now play.
"Calm down; wake Karn."  Leona slinks off toward the thicket's edge.  The convoy slithers along as a giant brightly colored snake, preceded however by a pack of enthusiastic hounds in place of the serpent's flickering tongue.  Diligently they search, sniffing at every bird dropping and beetle for any hint of what they've come to know as the scent of her blood.  Soldiers and officers alike, all very prim, proper and polished with lances held high and banners trailing nicely in the late evening breeze.  Appearing as more of a spectacle meant to impress than a posse searching for rogues of the state.  Several riders break away at an accelerated pace toward a group of cottages and barns nestled in a shallow valley half a mile ahead.  Appropriate advance notice must be rendered to set at ease any concerns the citizens of Sorin might otherwise conjure.  No cause for alarm good friends, their banners could as well proclaim.  Be at ease, an invasion 'tis not.  The others perps. ease in alongside Leona to enjoy the spectacle for what it's worth.  "Impressive," she admits, "Lots of PR." 
Karn does little to console their fears.  "I had hoped if they were coming at all they would arrive sooner.  This could be an unfortunate turn of events."
"Dare I ask why?" Leona inquires with some reservation.
"Light of day is nearly gone.  I suspect they will need all that remains to set up camp for the night.  That field would be ideal."
Sure as it were his wish, the command to halt may be heard as it's passed back along the column.  The ranks break up and turn into the newly cut field.  By the time they've settled in hardly 200 paces separate the hunters from their game.
"Oh no!"  Beth laments.  "Tell me they're not moving in."
"Their first order of business will be to start the cook's fires.  Wood is needed," Karn explains regretfully, "and there is none to be had in that field.  Our concern is which direction will they choose to seek it out.  If we try to separate the team and hide them in the wood, I fear the commotion would betray us.  It might be wise to get Hale into the cart.  If they come this way we must run for it."
"It's too early," Leona laments.  "Last evening's ruse cannot be repeated.  I haven't enough arrows to hold them off till dark, nor are there fresh horses waiting, they would run us to ground."  Beth looks to Leona for some assurance of their future.  She is silent for the moment; the options are few.  "Shit!  You're right," she concedes with a heavy sigh.  "We would run.  Hale, work your way back to the cart, keep low; Beth you too.  Gather up anything that's been left lying around."  She waits until they are off near the cart, then, addresses Karn.  "Listen well, for I have a situation.  On the one hand, nothing really matters, but on the other, so to speak, I have not the right to drag you down with us.  If you wish to take your chances separate from ours, I have no problem with that, but I cannot spare you a horse."
Pointing over her shoulder, he conveniently avoids the subject without comment on her proposal.  "There, the wagon with several men crossing the road.  They have chosen in our favor."
"I can't believe we just sat here till they caught up and now they're moving in next door."
"Your team could have gone farther than this, but not for the entire day.  A man upon a good mount is not nearly the burden we are; you cannot win a race with your cart.  Remember, one dart strikes either of those good steeds, the chase is over and you lost.  Had we continued, everyone would have known of our passing.  The only thing raising more speculation than who has been seen with whom to hide in the loft is the presence of strangers.  'Tis more of value I think that none may point saying we have gone a certain way than to delay and hide here as we did.  What you've done was the wiser choice, I assure you."
"If only we weren't bound to this cart; the roads are as much my enemy as that bastard Roux... But those two can't ride; I've no other course."
"Dismay not, I've never seen anything better suited to its task than this cart of yours," Karn compliments.  "Listen now... dogs always take note of foxes or coons in the night.  On that account, the sentries will expect some commotion from them.  Thus, we might slip away... very slowly.  Once down the lane beyond their sight, you may light the way and we are off undetected.  We backtrack to the bridge and take the longer route to your friend.  Had they passed earlier, this nuisance would have been spared to us, but then they would have been in our path.  With no way for us to know exactly where until we came upon their camp in the dark and your lamp would have forewarned of our arrival, we would have been trapped.  Either way, the only safe route is back, and better now for we know where they are."
"There really wasn't much choice then?"
"I think not."
"I've one more killing device.  If I could sneak into their camp and finish with him, would the others give it up, go home?"
"You would never get past the dogs; they would pick you out, of this I'm sure."
"I saw only 6 or 8 leading the way, if all are all kept--"
"See the farthest wagon there behind the coach?" Karn cautiously points.  Those are cages full of dogs.  There are always dogs, lots of dogs; fast, expendable, obedient, and fearless--the perfect soldier."
"You just ruined my day," Leona dismays quietly.
"Every dog will know each and every man in the camp.  They take turns feeding them to that end.  See the stakes they're driving now?  Those I suspect are to post the hounds around the perimeter, a first line of defense.  Precautions of this sort are more common to a military encampment; you should be honored.  Whatever it was you did it weighs heavily upon his thoughts."
"I've never considered myself the sort to give someone nightmares, but I can think of no one more worthy.  Why the rope between the wagons? 
"It appears they dare to render us a further service.  Normally mounts would be kept in the midst of the compound so as not to be harmed or stolen.  Apparently, they've determined we don't present threat of an outright attack.  Looks to me he's chosen to exclude them.  There are no trees in the field, so I suppose it a leash line to steady the mounts.  That will place them between us and the camp.  Our greatest enemy is those hounds."
"Yeah I know, I've had some problems with his pets."
"The horses would not sleep well with the dogs too near; hence they will be kept back further from this side of the camp.  The mounts will shuffle about all night, their tramping will conceal our movements and the dung will confound our scent.  There will be sentries, but they are not near so keen as the dogs would have been."
"How long will it take, the other route?"  Leona asks.  "I've only enough feed for one more day."
"I know of several out-of-sight meadows along the way for grazing.  It can be worked out.  And there's a hunting lodge, if no one's there we might spend a night or two in fair comfort."
One of the dog handlers has approached the encampment's edge with several of his charges in tow.  He's kneeling, apparently leashing one of the hounds to a stake; the others left to sniff about unattended.  One of his crew lets loose a loud whining howl and bolts into the field, three others are quick to follow.  The handler immediately calls out, two turn back instantly upon his command.  He resorts to a whistle for further encouragement.  The third breaks off the chase and returns as well.  All are greeted with enthusiastic affection.  Undeterred by his master's wishes, however, the first one away continues to charge forward.
"Why is that son of a bitch coming straight for us?" contempt and anxiety both flavoring her inquiry.  The dog continues howling as it advances in their direction.  Several others at the camp are prancing back and forth, straining upon their conscience as though they might join the renegade at any moment.  Suddenly a hare perks up from the stubble and sprints away.  Naturally it makes for the thicket, its only hope of eluding the hound.
"Damn it, I knew that bunny would come back to haunt me."
"Get your bow!" Karn entreats.  "If that bastard comes through here, it's got to be cut down fast."
The rabbit leaps into the thicket, the hound's glaring jaws just moments behind.  Caring of nothing but an exit route, the hare scoots under the cart and off into the forest beyond.  The hound is taken totally by surprise, stopping dead in its tracks at the sudden revelation the brushwood is occupied.  Karn cannot take a shot without seriously endangering the horses.  Leona has dropped to one knee, she makes a deep gruffy sound.  Only four yards away the animal accepts her challenge.  Turning from Karn to fix its eyes upon her and lowering it's stance to attack, it begins to growl.  Her arrow goes straight down the mongrel's throat, slashing through vitals literally from head to tail.  Reflex causes the dog to leap forward about a yard.  The animal wheezes violently, but unable to produce any sound of consequence, it silently expires.  Another arrow's at the ready.  "Are any more coming?"
Karn's attention shifts back toward the field, he motions her to calm.  The other dogs have remained obedient.  No one seems to have taken further notice of the event.  Soldiers are leading groups of mounts and securing them to the ropes strung between the wagons as Karn had suspected.  Others are feeding and watering the animals, tents begin to appear, and the cook's fires are beginning to smoke.  Their antagonists are settling in for the night.
"Will they come looking for it?" Leona asks.
"No!  They wouldn't waste time searching for a disobedient dog.  If it did come back they'd probably poison it.  Just one like that could lead the entire pack astray."
Beth has tears in her eyes.  She's holding onto Hale and sobbing quietly.  "If we ever have a pet it's a goldfish, you hear me?  That's it," she snaps, "nothing with teeth."
"Okay," Hale consoles.  "It's okay!"
"No it isn't" she reminds with a sniff, pointing toward the encampment.  "There's a hundred more of those damned things right there."
"I've never wished ill upon any helpless creature till just then," Leona admits sorrowfully.  "I'm glad the bunny got away though and I hope this sets my obligation to rest."
By the time the sun has met the horizon, three large tents have risen in the midst of Roux's encampment.  The grandest, including a private bath, is assembled of orange and yellow strips and surrounded by many banners of black and golden brocade, no doubt His Lordship's humble abode.  Five yards adjacent sits another suited to the officers, a large table at the center displaying maps of Sorin.  The last, but a few yards further to accommodate the advisors, or sorcerers if you please.
They've found no indication of their quarry's passing since the contrived debris discovered at the Sorin border.  Pious presents himself yet again at the command tent.  New revelations raise the tension a bit as Rueshaba's morbid drone advises ever so slowly.  "I feel the one you seek is but a stone's throw from where we stand, milord.  Only darkness veils their presence.  But, if you seek them out now, as before, they may slip into the night.  But once the new day has come they we be helpless against so many.  Prepare now, at crack of dawn be ready!"
Turning to the captain of the watch, Roux inquires.  "How many stand the guard?"  
"Eight pairs man the perimeter, four the watch on your quarters, sire, and four to guard the mounts, including myself 25 total, milord."
"We came away with a 120 at arms and gathered, was it nine from the cavalry?"
"There were eight came on to join our column, sire.  We have 127 men and we seven not including 12 wagon masters and cooks, the court wizards, and of course our honorable guest."
"Aside from the last watch, 103 at arms then.  Every man shall be in the saddle ready at the crack of dawn.  Eighty men to go forth then; Twenty and a commander to each quadrant of the camp... teams of two.  Each spreading outward in a different direction around the entire perimeter.  How many dogs have I?"
"Thirty nine, milord," comes the answer from his senior tracker.
"Perfect, one then for each team.  The 23 who remain and one of you shall stand here as a ready reinforcement to aid immediately in any encounter.  The searchers are to seek and sound the alarm, not engage.  Not until all have been summoned and this witch surrounded.  Go, make the arrangements, I want no confusion.  See that every man knows his task."
The officers bow and disperse, allowing the Keep's master to consult privately with his wizards.  "To those of you whom I employ at my court, a most serious inquiry.  My honorable guest," nodding respectfully to Pious, "seems able to sense the location of this wicked wench whom I seek.  When she came into the Keep to do her evil work, why was her presence not detected?"
Escheloson, the court's master wizard offers his opinion; wisely, his two slight-of-hand apprentices listen and learn.  Indeed, neither would dare address His Lordship directly for fear of revealing their lack of expertise.  "Milord, either she may conceal her powers from those who might see them, which is a rare quality, or far more likely, she has none.  Ill intent, in and of itself may not be identified unless it is escorted by some level of magic from within.  She may have potions and instruments, but lack any power of her own."
"When we met," Pious admits, "I thought her only clever, but ever so willful."
"You know this wench firsthand?"  Escheloson inquires.  His Lordship is likewise intrigued, not being previously aware of this fact.
"Yes, not her name nor home... but we have spoken.  Thus, she is known to me.  Certainly not by bonds of magic, for there is none of that within her."
Escheloson turns to His Lordship with a silent gesture alluding to, "You see, it was as I said" and receives a pardoning nod in exchange.  Pious has avoided mention of enchanted blades and the vengeful desires of his partially incinerated master, Rueshaba.  But then of course, his service has not been lent to this foray to caution or discourage these fools.
His Lordship's relieved of much anxiety to hear the wench is but a common rebel with a bit more luck than most.  One who may be wounded, tortured, or executed as any other of his subjects.  A most  refreshing thought at the least.  Pious's assurance, not unlike a treat offered a child before bed, sweet things to conjure sweet dreams.  "Have you learned anything from the items she left behind?  Roux inquires, "any hint of where she came from, why her interest in the maiden and her man slave or the Lord of Orchard?"  His voice rises.  "Who are her allies?  What conspiracy is afoot here?"
"All has been in such a rush, milord," Escheloson advises calmly, "and the coach far too jarring.  With that our quarters have been prepared we may now render a proper and detailed inquisition."
Roux throws both arms aside and bows his head slightly as to amplify his frustration.  "Get on with it then," he commands.  Roux exits the command tent and returns to his own to sup, thoughts of his tormentors bound in chains by breakfast have made him hungry and eager as a child the day before his birthday to pass the night.
The contents of Leona's abandoned tool kit have been spread out upon a table in the midst of the sorcerer's tent.  There, tentatively divided into the common and the as-yet unidentified.  Lighting here is far superior to the officer's facility.  Each of the tent's four support poles is equipped with large, multiple, fan-flame oil lamps.  Pious, Escheloson and his two apprentices ponder the items silently.  The common include: white chalky stones, blocks of charcoal, 10 yards of hemp cord, flint, a wad of tinder, several wooden wedges, a thin iron slat, a coarse file, half dozen pointed metal hooks, each a different shape, assorted keys and two small torches, their ends sealed in lead foil.
One of Escheloson's apprentices, Hezhspi by name, is quick to add his penny's worth of foolishness to the game.  "Provisions of a common thief, I think, nothing more.  For a copper one could assemble the lot," he snickers smugly.
  "Obviously, you think very poorly," Pious counters abruptly, thus setting the bar well above useless rhetoric.  "Common thieves do not come and go at will from Keeps let alone your master's apartments.  Those hooks are the means to undo locks not raid chicken coops."  Pious picks up the surviving grenade from Leona's arsenal, holding it forth for Hezhspi's examination.  "What do you think of this?"  There is silence; Pious answers his own challenge.  "Brimstone, ash of wood, lead, clay, a bit of phosphor, and most interestingly the residue of hen coops, but no magic.  Do you agree?"  Still the fellow remains silent; a lovely red complexion has risen to betray his ignorance.  Pale Pious is not one to hesitate when idiots and their misconceptions grace his presence.  His is stern business, not the playful jabber of the court nor one of its misplaced jesters.
"Nothing of a wizard's art sets before us here.  I tire of this folly."  Time has come for him to recount the day's events to she of whom he is bound.  In truth, he desires guidance, for things seem not as they should be.
Once their honorable guest has departed, Escheloson is quick to pick up where Pious had left off.  "We are not here to entertain, least of all each other.  Mind your tongue if you have nothing useful to say.  There is more to be learned by listening than speaking when such as he is about.  Though simple things these may be, each aspires to a lofty purpose.  The tools of one, though uninvited, who would make their way in dark places of which they had little or no knowledge.  Such is the art of assassin's not simpletons."
Every alchemist is a wizard of sorts and every wizard is first an alchemist, who in due time inquires beyond the physical.  Aside from what the senses might plainly detect, the primary analytical test of anything in this day and age is little more than how it feels, smells, tastes, or reacts to fire and water.
Aside from the grenade, which Pious was kind enough to analyze by his very touch, there remains three other unknown items.  First, a stoppered crock containing half a liter of oily, pale-yellow aromatic liquid, which when brought near a flame is confirmed to be of a highly combustible nature.  Next, a small vial of thick pale liquid immediately suspect of being a poison, largely due to the small quantity and the care rendered it's packaging.  It fails to ignite, but upon heating, expels a pungent odor.  This is set aside until a few field mice might be captured as test subjects.  If they survive, a more detailed analytical procedure will be applied.  Last to be inquired of are six bundles of very thin wooden sticks about eight inches long, their ends protected with ceramic caps and sealed with beeswax.  The seal of one is broken and carefully removed to disclose a crusty brown material firmly adhering to the sticks.  Escheloson states the obvious in the context of a lesson for his apprentices.  "Wax is more often to secure something from the damage of moisture than add to its purpose."
"Why the clay cap?  Could it not have been dipped entirely in wax to protect it?" asks Lozene, his more inquisitive apprentice.
"The maker apparently feels wax would foul the purpose of it."  A sample brought near a flame bursts into combustion intensely.  Another portion, first moistened, fizzles and smokes, but fails to sustain a flame.
"Is it a torch then?" Lozene ventures."
"I would doubt it." Escheloson suggests.  "There are others already included here, why then another sort of the same device?  No, these are to some other end, but fire would seem their purpose."  Picking up the convenient flint, he strikes it against the brown compound to no avail.  When struck with Leona's iron file, however, flame violently erupts from the tip.
"You have it! a torch capable of lighting itself."  Lozene beams with curiosity.  "The flint and tinder are bound together.  It ignites so quickly."
"Many worthy uses here," Escheloson teases with mild enthusiasm, "if the making of this stuff can be found out."
"This interloper seems intent upon setting fires, but what is to burn?"  Lozene asks.  "Fire would not harm the Keep, but for the furniture and linens it is entirely of stone."
"These may have been to operate the devices used against the sentries.  Lead," Escheloson recalls, "The pale one made mention of lead being in the flask.  Fragments of lead were all about the passages... driven into everything and all who were near with great intensity."
Hezhspi is paying little attention to his mentor's inquiry, choosing instead to fondle the heavy ceramic container.  Lead beads can be seen smoothly embedded in the crock's surface, but the comment on that peculiarity fails to raise alarm.  The cap is wax-sealed, just as those of the sticks his master presently tampers with.  There seemed no hesitation in opening one of those.  Besides, their learned arrogant guest has certified the container free of spells or demons.  What can be the harm?  He gives the cap a sharp twist to break the seal, but something strange begins to transpire.  There was a crackling sound at first and now a fizzling noise bodes ill of his deed.  Smoke has begun to stream out from around the broken seal and the cap itself has become unbearably hot.  His curiosity suddenly replaced by anxiety, he cautiously returns the container to the table as one not wishing to disturb it further.  Oh, but woe is he it may be said of any child who plays with fire, yet understands it not.  Indeed, but for curiosity, the world would be much safer for cats and fellows like Hezhspi.
The Master gazes with intense disdain toward his foolish student.  Turning back to the more prudent Lozene, he instructs, "Be gone from here fifty yards and be quick."  Turning again to Hezhspi, "This riddle you have set in motion, you shall stay and solve, for I have just tried and cannot."  Realizing he has screwed up big time and thinking retreat the wiser choice, he attempts to follow the other apprentice away.  Much to his dismay he finds himself now frozen to the spot.  He assaults the object with futile spells of every kind; still it fizzles and sparks, unimpressed of his pleas.
Normally Escheloson could extinguish a small fire by spiriting the air away from around it for a moment.  Of necessity, however, the chemical compounds of a fuse are self-oxidizing and thus, needs not a single breath to proceed.  The master takes hold of his thick cloak and furls it about himself as a cocoon.  A magical shield against the evil very soon to come.  The grenade explodes.
Quietly meditating well off to himself, Pious rises to his feet with a great laughter, a feeling until now he had thought forever lost.  'Tis autumn, and though a frost has yet to settle in the fields, much of the grass is already dry and would be quick to embrace the caress of any flame.  Thus, the stage is set and thereupon turmoil shall soon preside, come to dance wildly through His Lordship's temporary domain.  'Tis that timeless fable of mice and men once again come near.  For the best laid plans of neither of them seems very wisely spent around here!
She to whom he is bound has heard his plea for reassurance of this foreboding task, and now comes to counsel with her spy.  "I am with you," Rueshaba whispers within his mind.  "What secrets are learned?"
"My queen... as you instructed, I have offered my service and they are accepted.  The one you seek inflicted a remarkable destruction at the Keep, but I found not a trace of magic nor any evidence of the melting fires.  She prevails only by common alchemy put to good use or simple force of arms."
"Alchemy did not rend my hand nor abolish my window."
"I detected only the sword of which you spoke.  She was very near.  They had planned to set upon her with the dawn, but that work has dissolved.  She has breached the camp just now; I fear this expedition is at an end.  All has reduced to folly."
"How does one wench attack an army?"
"By allowing one of her tricks to be found, they took it into their midst as one might welcome a lost child."
"The Horse of Troy," Rueshaba whispers.
"Exactly, their curiosity has set it in motion.  Turmoil and fire rage through the camp even now, but I assure 'tis not the fire of your concern.  Only common things burning there.  What is your wish, my queen?  How shall I serve thee?"
"Stay, seek her out.  I am gone from you now."
Much turmoil indeed!  The resulting concussion rips the tent from its moorings converting it to a ragged, shallow, dome-shaped hot-air balloon of sorts.  Instantly vaporized, the gasoline-like contents of the crock nearby has created a billowing fireball upon which the remnants of the canopy rise.  An ominous blazing shroud, it glides through the air as some great glowing jellyfish, a blazing demon in search of prey.  When the intense initial fire-ball dissipates, burning vestiges settle back to earth.  They whip and curl about, born upon the evening breeze as though alive.  Drifting across the ground dispensing fire through the grass in their wake.  Two of the oil lamps formally within the tent are propelled intact as fiery missiles; they roll through the encampment spreading good cheer and flaming oil among the tents.  The less volatile fuel from a dozen others has converted the immediate area, including the officer's tent, into an inferno.  Thus, Roux's cavalry are privileged to witness the first practical test of a vaporized fuel air mix explosive.  That being very much akin to what transpires within an internal combustion engine, though on a considerably grander scale.
Had the officers not been off to advise their second's in command to organize the search parties for the coming dawn they would have had a splendid taste of their quarry's wrath firsthand.  
Much speculation on that account shall be forthcoming.  For what difference, whether by the hand of fate or the Lady of Durer's subtle long reaching embrace, for either way dead men are dead.  Dozens of pellets have pierced His Lordship's domain.  Fortunate he was they slowed considerably as having to penetrate four layers of heavy fabric first.  Lord over all he surveys, once again he finds his nose where the bottom of his boot should be, this time bleeding and thinking himself half assassinated.  Who is the cat here and who is the mouse? and how does such ill favor so oft find its way to His Lordship's fine house?  Is there justice even in dreams?  One could hardly imagine, yet thus, so it seems.  What use then, a fantasy, if at any moment reason may come to call, or at times, scream, waking one and all.
The lucky pellet hasn't gone very deep, penetrating the flab just below his armpit, there finding a nice cushy rib to bind against.  Shaped as a teardrop though, the pointed end shall be the envy of every stinging insect Roux has ever known.
Neither man nor beast is sure of what has happened.  Small fires seem to be everywhere and spreading, taking many of the two-man tents to task.  Darkness is a formidable ally, it breeds confusion, and confusion is an enemy like no other.  For it suffers no casualty of it's own regardless of its deeds.  Are they under attack, which way are they coming, how many, where are the officers, where is my leader, what shall we do?  The great majority rising from their sleep are of course out of uniform.  Thus, unable to discern friend from foe in the pitch of night and surrounded by the thick smoke of smoldering grass fires.  They become their own worst enemy.  Sentries engage their comrades thinking them invaders.  Before order comes to the encampment, three will lie dead and seven wounded beyond repair at the hands of their own men.
The sharp crack of the detonation and accompanying fireball have stirred the mounts into total panic.  Many are veterans from the demolition of the Keep's siege gate the night before.  Ropes strung to tether them between the wagons are no match for their number or mass, being on the order of 70 tons.  Scattering in all directions they trip over tent lashings and stumble upon the men.  Three of the four sentries are run over like twigs and many of the pup tents are destroyed.  Given their relatively light weight, the dogs are more securely restrained, but none the less unnerved at the pyrotechnics and chaos.  They attack anything within reach.  Several find the hooves of the mounts their reward for such indiscretions.
At zero plus two minutes the major threat is the unconstrained grass fires.  If they are not extinguished soon all the tents will be forfeit, and many of the saddles damaged or destroyed.  Crop losses aside, public relations would suffer greatly if an uncontrolled field fire were left to its own devices.  The men are ill-prepared for such activities; lacking the basic fire fighters necessities of their trousers and boots.  And there's no ready supply of water nor suitable tools much aside of sleeping blankets.  A dozen men are burned, five seriously enough to decommission them.
In addition to Hezhspi, who was instantly perforated and subdivided way beyond repair, four others have also been seriously wounded as a result of shrapnel.  Escheloson's cape served well to his defense, but the device's effect wasn't quite what he'd expected.  Though his shield withstood the concussion it could not subdue the drastic pressure fluctuation.  The walls of the tent, flimsy as they were and sent almost instantly away, still provided enough containment to nearly destroy his eardrums.  Some time shall pass before the master wizard may again appreciate the song of birds, the melody of a flute, or His Lordship's ravings.
Such opportunity is not to be wasted on spectator sport.  Thus, Leona and company are quick to take advantage of their enemy's misfortune.  Though the dogs raise an adequate alarm of their exit, none can separate the hound's concern of the escapees from the mayhem rampant about the camp.  Nor in fact do they care.  This vixen from hell is to be avoided.  Leona and Karn lead the cart as a blind man dares to feel his way.  Well back along the forest road the second lamp is lit, His Lordship's prize again allowed to slip away into a moonless night.  They backtrack to the Sorin border.  This time turning west at the bridge, a longer but safer route back to the Brobose Inn where Art hopefully remains.
'Tis a night long in passing; the team proceeds at a fair trot, there being no need to push them.  Pleasantly uneventful but for the occasional raccoon or skunk crossing in the lamp's beam, or the curious gaze of glowing eyes reflected as the lamplight sweeps the forest at a turn in the road.  Karn's destination, a brook crossing the roadway, should avail itself an hour or so before dawn.  The cool air is beyond invigorating and after several hours the wooden bench becomes a trial to Leona's hind end.  Karn seems to pay it no mind, and Beth and Hale are snuggled up in the straw asleep.  Leona, her arms wrapped about herself, has only a thin shirt and the bandages beneath to keep the chill away.  Not at all encouraging are the few drops of rain felt from time to time; a shower would be a discomforting event, for alas she's made no provisions for such.
Leona has an armed crossbow tucked between her knees and another within reach, they the quickest remedy to a challenge.  Karn can see the chill is uncomfortable for her.  "It would not bring us to ruin," he reminds, "if you joined your friends to warm up."
"Suppose our passing raised a patrol sleeping along the roadside?  Your hands are occupied.  You drive, I shall keep the watch."
"Did you cause what happened back there?"
"Indirectly, I had some things with me when I entered the Keep.  They were lost when the mine exploded and I got trapped.  There was one grenade remaining.  They must have brought it with them.  And a quantity of highly flammable oil, too.  I'll bet that's what got things going so well."
"At first I thought you had gone ahead with your plan to slip into the camp.  With all due respect, milady... are you a witch?"
"Depends on your point of view, but really, by your definition... No!  The bombs can be set off by anyone, there's nothing magic about it.  But they are very dangerous to those who don't understand how they work.  Someone must have tried to open it thinking it was a bottle.  One remains in the cart.  Next chance we get I'll explain how it works in case you need to use it."
At best the Lord of Orchard is curious, at worst smitten of this female for whom he can recollect of no equal.  He plies politely in every way, direct and roundabout, seeking to learn from where she has come and to what end.  Leona's hard pressed to provide reasonable answers, but neither does she wish to lie.  Were she caught it would undermine the creditability of a relationship critical to her needs.  With the guise of a politician she politely avoids his direct inquiries and dances with the words.  Each time turning the conversation back upon his adventures and expanding the topic away from herself.  So it goes for the next four hours, the history of Karn and the mystery of Leona.
A chorus of frogs is rising in the near distance; a sure indication water is at hand.  Soon reflections of the lamp's beam are seen to bobble about upon the foliage ahead.  The pace is slowed; a broad shallow brook crosses the roadway just ahead.  Karn pulls the cart off into the watercourse, urging the team to follow the stream bed into the forest.  Cool water about their feet, a pleasant reframe from a journey requiring nearly all the night.  Several hundred yards along their progress is halted by a fallen tree.  Time has disposed of the branches, but the trunk is a good two feet in diameter, still fairly solid and firmly rooted to the bank.  "I'm thinking the meadow's not far off.  Even if we could hack through that thing I fear 'tis not deep enough here to float so great a log aside."
Some backtracking is required to locate a suitable exit point and soon their conveyance is resting upon dry land.  A small torch is lit from the lamp's flame and then a wooden plug extracted from the side of the lamp's reservoir allowing the water chamber to empty.  The brilliant flame soon withers and dies and all about them reverts to pitch.  Leona handles the torch while Karn looses the team, each rewarded with a couple of apples to tide them over till breakfast.  What a relief to be off that hard wooden bench.  After several hours it becomes a torment not unlike sitting on a thousand tiny tacks.  Leona's posterior burns to such an extent she considers dropping her trousers and sitting in the brook.
It seems only a moment more, though by the slightest glimmers of morning's light, that someone is again in her face.  Local magpies object profoundly to the presence of intruders within their domain.  Jays and woodpeckers soon add their concerns; there shall be no sleeping in this morning, however much deserved or desired.
"Good morning, milady," Karn announces, presenting her a hot cup of tea.  Does he never sleep?  "I'm going to lead the team off to the meadow for grazing."
"Sounds good," Leona agrees.  "Beth!"
She rises immediately like a Pop Tart from within the cart.  "Hey!  What's up?"
"Go with Karn.  Once things get settled take the watch, He's been up all night and he needs to get some sleep.  Hale and I will keep an eye on this end."  Beth slings a crossbow over her shoulder and gathers up a pouch of darts.  Adding a couple of apples, she ambles off behind Karn without a word.  It's encouraging to think she and Hale are picking up on this, that  they might survive on their own in a pinch.  She assigns the watch to Hale along with stoning of the birds as need be for quiet, then curls up in the back of the cart to nap if possible.
--
His Lordship's orderly encampment has been reduced to a scorched, smoke-enshrouded field, frayed nerves, and much subdued speculation.  Everyone's very much confused, not exactly sure if they've actually been attacked, and if so, by what.  A humiliating conclusion at best to the pomp and prancing about of the previous evening.  Few have even caught a glimpse of their enemy, yet this is the third confrontation within 24 hours rendering over a quarter of the garrison dead or disabled.  The country folk are curious, but dare not come too near.  There is obviously great tension in the air and perhaps demons as well, no one wishes to stir either up.
Dawn greets a weary and tormented lot.  Shrieks and moans rise from a hastily improvised field hospital.  Few have had any sleep at all and many are wrapped in blankets for lack of clothes.  The great fox-hunt scheduled for first light has given way to a task infinitely more pressing--that of recovering the mounts which are scattered far and wide.  During the course of the search remains of a fresh camp sight are discovered.  Earth beneath spent ashes is still warm from just hours before.  Indeed, the escapees were so close His Lordship's archers could have made the shot without advancing from their sleeping quarters.
By mid-afternoon it appears half the population of Sorin, the country folk at least, has assembled about the nearest farmstead.  Chores and such set aside, all have come to enjoy the VIP's misfortune and mumble of its meaning--the rubber-neckers of the middle ages one might say.
Several grandiose horsemen and a fine carriage approach the encampment, official envoys who have been invited to join the hunt.  But alas, the lady fox and her cubs have slipped away and the expedition's back is broken.
Calm and quandary are the decorum of the moment, casualties are counted, resources salvaged, and the wounded treated.  A fair number will be sleeping under the wagons again this evening as two in five of the tents have been lost.  Including Hezhspi the inquisitive, six have perished.  Two dozen more are injured, of which more than half no longer have worth to this mission.  His Lordship's been severely stung by a frozen lead tear requiring a painful surgery, and his master wizard is deaf as a doorknob.  Things have come well undone to which a heavy thundershower now adds insult to injury.  Last evening it would have been more than welcome, now just another torment.  Those fortunate enough to have saved their tents play host to soaked comrades.  As does His Lordship, for his perforated and scorched domicile has hardly a space to stand.  Not that he would hesitate for a moment to evict the lot, but of necessity, as the emissaries of Sorin are now present, he must at least appear a reasonable man.  
Pious the Pale has chosen to poise himself silently in the downpour; for what is discomfort to one such as he, now bound in Rueshaba's service for the rest of his life and thereafter most of eternity?
--
As weather goes, that being shamelessly nondiscriminatory, saints and sinners alike get wet when it rains.  Thus, 'tis not without some apprehension that the first few large cold drops splash upon Leona's face.  "Rain!"
"Yep," Hale concurs, with the hindsight of a true sports fan. 
"I've got nothing to cover this," she grumbles incoherently.  She hops from the cart.  "If things open up we're going to get wet.  It's too damn cold for this kind of crap."
"I'm really disappointed Leo," he continues to tease.
"Gimmy a break, will ya?  You can't have a sports car with the conveniences of a minibus."
Hale places a consoling hand on her shoulder and breaks into a smile.  "Lighten up chief!  Anybody's got a complaint about your work, I'll kick their ass, and that includes Art."
Hale carefully stoops to consider the possibilities, no simple trick with one leg rigidly braced.  "What do you think, under the wagon maybe?"
"Lying in the mud?" she frowns."
Wind is beginning to whip the treetops as the drizzle picks up.  Thunder echoes mournfully in the distance.
"Maybe we'll luck out," Hale encourages.
"I think we used all that up last night.  What we need is the stuff of a good fire stashed in the dry before it's too late."  With that, she's off to gather as much dry wood as can be found before the shelter of the trees gives way and all is soaked beyond use.  Hale attempts to lend a hand and is soon reprimanded.  "No, you've got to stay off that knee.  Get down by the cart.  I'll bring it to you; you heave it underneath.  set a couple thick ones crosswise first to keep the rest up off the ground."
"Hey, this new brace is okay, knee's feeling good.
"No!  You're going to need that knee for more important things, save it."
"Okay, I got it, you gather, I stack."
A fair supply of relatively dry firewood has found its way beneath the cart by the time the sky fully opens.  They take cover best as they can, their backs tight to the trunk of a big old maple.
"Sorry, I know I'm turning into a real bitch lately, but I've got issues here I can't explain."
"No problem," Hale consoles.  "You sounded just like my mom first time she caught me smoking.  "You're going to need those lungs someday," he mimics in a quaint voice.  Leona smiles, Beth's fortunate to have his undivided attention.  "It's just standard motherly banter," he continues.  "I hope Beth found a place to keep dry; she just about can't stand wet clothes.  Turned a garden hose on her once, you know, just for fun.  Holly shit! I thought she was going to excommunicate my ass."
Leona takes hold of his hand and squeezes.  "Whatever happens, you've gotta take care of her first."
"Yeah... I will."
Their tree shelter serves to little avail.  The ground turning to muck as the torrent continue unabated into late afternoon.  "Wish I had a bar of soap," he injects.  Leona agrees with a nod.  Aside from the frogs, who turn near ecstatic on wonderful days like this, both are thoroughly saturated and chilled to the bone by the time the deluge has subsided.  Soon thereafter Karn and Beth emerge from the forest leading the team; they've fared no better.  Beth's hair has become a work of fiction, it appears as a battlefield between the frizzy and the forlorn.  Miserable at best, her arms wrapped about herself and shivering, she attempts to find some comfort in Hale's waiting embrace.
"I'm freezing here, guys." She pleads softly with a shuttering voice.  She was looking pretty frazzled before, but now, wet as a fish.  If there's ever been a case of coyote ugly cute, there she is.
Leona recovers the crock of homemade gasoline from her stash.  A splash of fuel for encouragement and the damp kindling, though hesitant at first, comes to life.  Even Karn, who seems unaffected by any measure of discomfort, welcomes the blaze.  They twirl slowly about like hot dogs on the backyard rotisserie, trying to cook both sides evenly without scorching anything important.  The breeze persists and with it residual drops of water continue to fall from the canopy of leaves above, a bearable inconvenience given the state of things just half an hour past.  Aside from their shoes, everyone has soon dried out, more or less, and the heat feels more wonderful than anything else that has come their way in some time.  Thunder is still very much in attendance, the air cool and breezy.  Another shower literally hangs above their heads like the sword of Damocles, ready to drop any moment.
Karn attempts to raise their spirits.  "We are four, maybe five hours from the hunting camp I mentioned.  With this weather, travelers would be scarce if at all.  Could be there by nightfall or shortly after if we travel by day, but... there may be sentries."
"We'll go for it," Leona concedes hesitantly.  "We've got to find some cover... even if it means invading some little farm and taking hostages.  At this rate everyone's going to end up with pneumonia.  Besides, I doubt there's enough fuel in the lamps to last for more than a few hours so we're going to have to risk exposing ourselves anyway.  She refocuses on Karn.  "Lead the way, sir."  Completely soaked, the straw that had acted as padding must be abandoned.  Hence, they shall not be traveling in the grand style to which they've become accustomed.
Less than an hour passes before a subtle drizzle begins anew to assure a miserable night if they fail to locate shelter.  Rumbling as they may, the clouds continue to tease for the next several hours with only occasional sprinkles.  Though yet it should be as day, light has all but fled the sky, everything thereabout cast in shades of darkening gray.  Leona's handling the team while Karn strains to identify the overgrown path off the main road.  He's waded into the roadside thickets several times thinking it found, only to return.  The way he seeks had been abandoned some time ago and nature eagerly demands it return to the forest proper.
"Hold!  Let me take a closer look back in there."
"I can try to restart the lamp," Leona suggests.
"Were it in the sky, that would help, but as it is, I fear the moving shadows would cause distortion to the way things normally look."
"Right, I see your point."
"I will find it, milady," he insists confidently.  Though not this particular spot, true to his word the next attempt bears fruit.  Only saplings bar their way and they stand aside or bend willingly as the cart slowly forges ahead, Karn now leading the team.  "Wait here and quietly.  I need go ahead to see if anyone occupies the camp."  With that he fades into the forest while the others huddle to evade the chilling mist.
No small composition, Karn's hunting lodge; the silhouette looms against the night sky betraying it to be twice the structure of the Brobose Inn.  Something strange about the fields beyond though.  "I see something," Leona points out, "lights out there in the forest, and they're moving, look!"
"A sliver of your friend the moon has returned, milady.  It's a reflection upon the water where the breeze has stirred the surface."
"Water... okay, I get it, you've got a lake out there?"
"Yes, quite large, usually shrouded in a great mist by now, but clear this night."
I suspect the rain's cooled the air to the same temperature or less than the water's surface," Leona deduces.  "That would hold the fog down."
"There are cabins all along the far shore," he warns.  "Even a candle could give us away.  No one is supposed to be here and none must think it otherwise.  There are plenty of blankets, we must cover the windows before the hearth is lit."
Sopping wet, freezing cold, tired as hell and hungry as wolves in midst of winter, but all things in due time.  First there is considerable groping about in the dark, the stubbing of toes, falling over chairs and breaking of fingernails, just another ordinary fun day of playing at fantasy games.  Before the torment has concluded two large tall cabinets have been pushed, pulled and dragged halfway across the building.  They are set side by each adjacent to the hearth to obstruct the fire's glow from reaching large windows facing out toward the lake, their heavy draperies drawn tight.
Flint and iron now mate to conjure a spark, the glowing tinder then betrothed with slender brides of wax to father a flame.  Even in a single candle's dim light, the appointments speak well to the Lord of Orchard's standing, luxuries now graciously shared with weary vagabonds and scoundrels alike.  They stand in a great central room, the ceiling so high above the candle's beam has not the will to reach it.
Logs as tall as Karn himself are easily accommodated by the hearth and a stout supply of dry wood humbly awaits to warm body and soul.  But only kindling is to make the sacrifice this night.  Iron knee braces anchored to pivots set in either side support caldrons.  One large enough for Beth to bathe in and from the attention she is paying it, that possibility may be on her mind.  While kindling the fire, he establishes the ground rules necessary to maintain their security.  "Fires must be kept low and not stirred that sparks might rise beyond the chimney's top.  They need be doused cold as the grave at least an hour before dawn," he cautions.  "At times smoke tends to linger above the roof so we must allow ample opportunity for it to move away.  Some of the workers are known to fish at off times.  They won't come near this end of the lake, but if anyone would go out you must be cautious.  Keep the lodge or the forest between yourself and the lake.  The horses are not to be left out of the barn; water then must be brought to them."
Hale, ever inquisitive, "Nice pad, they friends of yours, or are we home invading?"
"'Tis mine... was mine, if that is what you've ask?  I've been undone by the charge of sedition; thus am I now as you.  An outcast... my loyalties misunderstood, a trespasser in my own house."
Heaps of inviting dry blankets are gathered from the guest rooms and piled before the glowing hearth.  The simple pleasures of drying out and warming up, comforting beyond words.  Hale is so content he doesn't even realize he hasn't eaten for over 24 hours.  Beth is curled into a ball, gently purring.  Leona, as usual has lashed the hilt of her blade to her wrist and found a spot she fancies.  Karn has gone off, probably to secure the doors or something.  Who cares? all is warm, quiet, and safe.
By the time the peasants have begun to stir the Lord of Orchard has shaved, bathed and changed from his tattered bloody clothing into a country gentleman's attire.  In fact, he's also backtracked to where they had left the road to disguise as well as possible any signs of their trespass.
When the draperies secured across the great windows are pulled aside, though a drizzle persists and the sky remains overcast, the rising sun is for a time so low it skirts beneath the clouds.  Splashing from the lake's surface, light floods the room with an intense golden luminescence.  Warmth from last evening's fire lingers pleasantly, dispelling the clammy atmosphere that had permeated the lodge when first they arrived.  More of wood framing than glass; the windows are assembled from hundreds of tiny panes.
"I'm going to tend the horses," Karn declares.  "We shall need one of you at least half awake to man the watch."
Hale bobs up from the pile of blankets he and Beth currently occupy.  "I've got it," he assures, rolling out to the call of duty.  A rumpled Beth appears; she strains for a better look at the silhouette asking for volunteers.  "Is that Karn?" she mumbles.  "Doesn't sleep much, does he?"  That profound observation now duly recorded she withers back into the heap for some extended dream time.
"Horseman may only approach from one direction," Karn advises, pointing out the road paralleling the lake's shoreline.  "Once they've come into view we've only a minute, so be quick to warn."  Hale nods with a yawn that nearly draws the curtains into his face.  "Wake up lad, time to be at your best."
Another affirmative nod, his eyes brighten against the glowing rays of dawn.
No shanty their hideout, a small castle in fact with floors and walls of finished limestone.  The room they occupy is at least thirty by fifty feet.  Trophies glare down from high upon the walls; great pairs of antlers and the heads of boars, pelts and furs are in abundance.  Upon finally rising, Beth comes to realize she's been using the head of a giant grizzly for her pillow.  Sitting quietly for a moment she contemplates the gaping jaws.  So large was this creature she may not have qualified as a complete meal.  Intent upon sharing her discovery she nudges Leona.
"If this ain't an emergency I don't want to hear it.  My ass is whipped."
"You, tired?  Come on," Beth persists.  "I know you love this stuff.  Wake up... get a load of this place.  We're strutting in some high cotton here."
"Get lost," bubbles caustically to the surface from Leona's vicinity, "Leave me be."
Returning from the barn, Karn lovingly cradles something akin to an oversized deflated basketball.  It's covered with a terribly offensive, sticky, reddish brown, black and greenish sludge to which many insects have become hopelessly stuck and hence expired.  Placing it upon the table with a bright smile, he then produces eight eggs from his pockets.  These little treasures are seemingly fresh as residue of chicken shit still clings to several.  Without a word he is off again.
Beth gives the strange object a visual once-over; she dare not touch it.  "What is that?  Looks like an alien egg pod," she speculates.
Hale concludes, without a doubt and an affirmative nod, "dinosaur turd."
Cobweb-laden flasks of wine accompany when next the Lord of Orchard returns.  Picking up one of the eggs, he advises, "Check each of these separately before they're dropped in the skillet, some may be on their way to becoming chickens.  There's charcoal in the kitchen, makes a nice even heat and no smoke.  Found a sack of cornmeal, too.  It's been stored in a tight cedar chest," he assures, "to keep it from the mice and insects."  Withdrawing a knife, he slices away the brine encrusted about Hale's supposed prehistoric dropping.  A succulent, deep red, salt-cured country ham is hidden there within.  The aroma immediately sparks Hale's appetite.  It suddenly dawns on him as some long-lost memory; he hasn't eaten for hours, maybe days!  Strangely conflicting is the feeling he wasn't really hungry till just now and he can't imagine why not.  Hot corn-bread biscuits with honey nicely complement the scrambled eggs and fried ham.  Roasted pecans and peach brandy are served up as desert.  Hardy stuff by any account, indeed a repast suitable for the gods.  The ham is enticing, but Leona's jaw hasn't quite come up to that level of chewing power yet.  She gets by slicing it very thinly, as such something one may taste and swallow with very little actual work.
All these culinary delights now safely stored where they will do the most good, Hale inquires, "Is there a bathroom, or outhouse, I guess you would call it?"
"This way, lad," Karn ushers him to a spacious adjoining room.  A fine throne of equal value to every class sits against the wall, a duplex in fact with two smooth contoured seats of oak, one about a third smaller than the other.  "When you've finished, draw a pail of water from the cistern."  He points to a curbed 10-foot square opening in the floor, topped up to the overflow as recently as last evening.  "Pour it in the drain there," designating an adjacent floor grating.  "That'll wash everything out to the pit."
"Indoor plumbing," he muses respectfully.  "What's that thing?"  Hale motions toward an oblong polished brass kettle sitting several feet above a shallow pit full of ash.  The vessel, fitted with a generous smoothly rolled edge for ease and comfort, sets like a cradle between two iron pivots.  A sprocket of sorts attached to one side allows by the cranking of a handle, that the entire kettle tilt discharging its contents into a floor grating.
"We have cooked in it, and on occasion boiled the bed linens when I've had a guest bring lice along as pets, but most of the time it's for bathing.  You fill it up and set a fire beneath to warm it."
"But we can't have a fire during the day," Hale observes disappointingly, "'cause of the smoke, right?"
"Not exactly, there was no proper way of arranging a chimney.  Hence we must use charcoal so as not to fill the house with smoke.   You leave the windows open, then a little kindling to get it started is all," he explains, pointing to a large bin at the rear wall.  "Then add some charcoal; you don't really want flames licking the sides, just heat enough for simmering."
"Right, I get it.  Man this is cool... can we use it?"
"Be a shame not to."  Hale is quick to nod in total agreement, "Well, let's get it filled up then."  They form an impromptu bucket brigade; the kindling is lit and stacked with charcoal.  Karn takes hold of a brass framework with smooth wooden slats attached along the flat side.  When lowered into the tub, it creates a shelf to support the bather above the kettle's bottom.
"What's that for?" Hale asks inquisitively.
"Keep's ya from singeing your hindquarter."
"What if it gets too hot?"
"Splash a bit over the sides, it will run down and cool some of the coals."
"Right," Hale purrs, like a Buddhist monastery student finally  enlightened after much dedicated meditation.
Back in the central room, Leona has taken over the watch when Beth momentarily catches sight of something.  "Hey, did ya see that?"
Beth's comment sparks an adrenaline rush.  "Where?"  Leona's posed for confrontation in a heartbeat.
"Up there," Beth points into the exposed roof beams, "a poor little bird!  It's trapped in the house."
A sigh of relief allows Leona to defuse and focus on Beth's concern. "I think there's... hummm... a little cluster of bats maybe.  See," she points.  "There in the corner, those little gray bundles dangling from the ceiling?"
"In the house," Beth stammers indignity, "with us?"
Leona shrugs, "Hey, remember, you had a mouse in your apartment once."
"Yeah... so?"
"You liked it."
"Did not!" she rebuts indignantly.
"Sure did!  We cornered it, got it in the wastebasket and you started feeling sorry for it."
Beth starts to squirm a little.  She knows Leona's memory is nearly flawless and this is going to be a looser, but she persists.  "Did not!"
"Yep!  I was going to throw it outside," Leona reminds, "and you were afraid the cats would find it.
"That was different."
"Nope!  They're just mice, but with wings, hang from the ceiling instead of running around on the floor.  It's better, they're out of the way up there.  Besides, anything that eats bugs is all right by me."
"Leeoooo!"  With furled brow, Beth glances up toward the flying mice again, a woeful disconcerting frown presented in defense.  Intent on appealing her case to Hale for a more favorable ruling, she calls out to request his immediate attendance.
Peeking in from the adjoining room, he responds enthusiastically.  "Hey, come check out this neat bathtub."  Which is akin to saying, I just won the lottery, so now we can get married.
Far as Beth's concerned the world's just stopped spinning, insignificant thoughts of bats, even vampires, even zombie vampires, even zombie vampire bats, who cares! have taken second place among her long list of concerns.  Addressing Leona in a church service whisper, she confides softly.  "There's a bathtub?"  Her eyes grow wide.  "Is that what he said?"  As one entranced she follows Hale's voice though Svengali himself was calling to her form the shadows of some pulp novel.  Having found her way to the ladies' room, she approaches the copper caldron in awe, staring quietly at the answer to her prayers.  "It's beautiful," she murmurs with an angelic softness to her voice.  "Where's the faucet?"
"Don't need one," pointing out the cistern.  "We just filled it up from the well there."
"An indoor pool, too?"
"Ah, not exactly."
"Can I be first, please?  I need this really bad."
"I was thinking we should give Leo first shot, I mean, with all she's done and everything, you know."
Beth's eyes sadden; she nods in agreement.  "You're right.  By the way, not to change the subject, but keep an eye on Leo.  Like, if you can help her move or lift something, give her a hand.  She'd never admit it, but I can tell and she's hurting."  Beth saunters back into the main room approaching Leona with the smile of a used care salesman.  "Flip ya for it."
Leona squints inquisitively, "For what?
"The first bath."
"I can't now, I'm on watch."
"If I lose," Beth counters soberly, "I'll do that."
"No, go ahead, I had one... last week sometime."  Beth begins smiling and starts to hum like a bumblebee.  One could imagine her about to lift off, but certainly not to such an altitude as to trouble the bats.  "I really kind of need to do my laundry, too," she adds. "Okay?"
"Yeah, I know exactly what you mean.  Go, I'll catch it later!"  Beth dashes off; this is going to be better than after the prom!
Karn struts into the main room showing a bit of the former pride which attends those of privilege.  He's quite pleased to have such clever resources available for his guests.  Volunteering to relieve Leona of the watch, he cordially invites her to join Beth for a look at his high-tech bathing facilities, or soup kettle, depending upon the occasion.  When she peeks in, Beth is stirring the water with a large wooden paddle.  With only one paw available, she's found it best to brace the end of the handle between her neck and shoulder.  The sight is that of a wild frayed creature to be sure, a witch perhaps, toiling over her caldron.  Hardly a frightful one though, for a glowing smile presently envelops her entire being.  "What are you doing?"  Leona inquires.
"It's kind of like making fudge.  You have to heat it slow and keep stirring, you know, or you get your bottom scorched.  Karn said one guy didn't stir it; hopped right back out.  Cracked his head open on the floor, fried his ass, too."
"Just what we need, someone requiring the facilities of an ICU.  Don't you dare get in there till you sure it's okay all the way to the bottom."  Leona looks into the water and taking note of the submerged cradle.  "There's a good idea; somebody's using their head."
"That wooden basket thing, yeah.  Once you get in, Karn says ya have to keep wiggling like a tadpole, stirs things around so the bottom doesn't get too hot.
"Let me do that."
"I got it," Beth insists. "I'm okay."
"Why isn't Hale on this?"
"He said he would, but I got it figured out."
"Yeah, I see.  How's your hand?"
"Sore, but not throbbing like before.  Karn said it would take an hour for it to warm up.  Lot of trouble, but it's still a bargain in this town."  Always anxious to play the devil's advocate, Beth slips into a low mischievous tone.  "You know, if he's half as good as he looks," she teases, "you're missing an opportunity.  Can't be Art holding you back; you haven't said ten words about him yet."
"Art's in the trash... and when this is over, Karn will vanish."
"So, you thinking about this guy?"
"No!"
"Why not?  You know you should try to keep your face turned a little to the left, by the way."
"Why?"
"Well... still looks... a little off-color you know.  But I don't think he's the kind of guy would have a problem... with that."  Beth nibbles on the tip of her finger a little, keeping an eye on Leona for some reaction.  "Ah, anyway, never mind."
"I'm not trying to make it with this guy," Leona insists.
"I can see this is going to be like a soap.  A teaser, rambling on for weeks; are they gonna do it... or not?"
"Trust me, they're not." Damn it, she's teasing it again.  It's like nobody really wants to finish this.  Am I the only one playing to win?  Maybe that's it?  Maybe I am the only one.  They were all just sitting there in the game room like nothing was out of place.  Except me, I was the one out of place.
"Your attitude is a crime against nature," Beth informs calmly.
Leona chuckles quietly, "Give it up!  Speaking of soap, is there any?"
"Certainly, this is a full service spa, peasant!"  She alludes to a platform just below the rim, an extension of the entry stair behind the tub.  Thereupon rests a pitcher, several washcloths, a stack of fine towels, and a glazed plate with freeform chunks of a yellowish coarse brown substance--probably the soap.
Leona examines the suspect material.  "Be careful, this is not the hypoallergenic beauty bars you're familiar with.  They actually put lye in this stuff, so don't get any in your eyes.  I brought some with me, but it's like rust remover; you could use it to dislodge barnacles."
"I never considered a bath a life-threatening experience," Beth concludes.  "But I swear, next time that smart ass Marnie Cuahger starts wining about 'the good old days,' I'm gonna be on her like a city cat on a country mouse."
An uneventful half hour slips by.  Hale and Karn are sorting through a great chest selecting the dudes' new threads.  Their interest suddenly held at bay when sounds of ecstasy begin to rise.  Apparently, Beth's finally easing herself into the hot water and simply can not contain her bliss.
"I think she's making out with the tub, Hale."  Leona implies with an impish smile.  "I'm sure it's just a passing fancy.  Bet you a nickel they break up within an hour after the fire goes out."  Even Karn chuckles a bit.  The rapture falls silent for some time except for the occasional splash, until she calls out for Hale's attendance.
"Aha!  Maybe she's aspiring to a m'enage a'trois," Leona teases.
Hale looks a little puzzled.  "A what?"
"A threesome," Leona clarifies.
He shrugs at the implication and presents himself forthwith only to return a few minutes later.  "Needed more charcoal; the water was cooling down."
Leona snickers. "Hum, could be a long-term relationship after all."
--
While Beth pampers and polishes her posterior, within the confines of Rueshaba's citadel, all toil frantically to repatriate the elements of her mystical window.  Invaluable as an eye upon the world as seen through countless others, but for the moment disarrayed and scattered far and wide, a victim of Bird's instinctive temperament.  For some hours yet, little demons of every sort will scamper about searching out the tiniest of fragments, even so far as climbing the draperies and inspecting the walls inch by inch.
Alas, by evening, now reassembled, but not quite up to specification yet.  Be it a loose screw, a splintered bone, or a pinch of salt more than is called for, something has foiled the recipe.  Furious, she stalks back and forth cursing in languages even demons care not to speak, while pondering thoughts all the better none should know.  The furniture trembles and dust upon the floor moves aside at her approaching step.  The substance of her magic window, however, is not to be intimidated by such an agitated state.  For it must be whole or not at all and nothing less will do.  Things inanimate care not of threats; they seek peace in ways the mind dare not imagine.  Thus, neither pleasure nor pain are of concern, balance being their only true desire.  And no force however vile may deny it's so.  Most of Rueshaba's attendants and parts of things still able to move have slinked away into the shadows or climbed high into the roof trusses hoping to elude her impending wrath.  For all her effort, spatterings of blurred images accompanied by bright flecks of light, subdued ripples of gloomy hues, and the coming and goings of tiny fish or bugs, or something of that sort, mingle incoherently within the glass.  It appears as a TV set from the 1950's, needing its antenna adjusted or a weak vacuum tube replaced.  "I promised you all a treat," she wails.  Reemmmeeeeember?  For every piece you've lost I shall have from each of you a piece."  Her arm rises and with it a great tension as her vassals prepare for their punishment.  "Now pay me my due," she demands with hideous delight as she snaps her wrist.  A multitude of stifled screams and painful yelps echo about the citadel.  Then a bit of whimpering like a clutch of puppies having been scolded for chewing their master's slipper.  "Be still," she instructs sternly.  "Or I shall have another, perhaps an eye this time for losing the sight of mine.  Come before me now," she decrees, pointing a finger more ominous than the grim reaper's scythe.  That which I seek cannot leave this room; as sure as I am here... it must also be.  Now find it."
They crawl, scamper, limp, and slither away to their task.  Limp! There were no toes forfeit.  "You there," she points, "why... do you limp? You were not infirm when this misfortune came to be.  Nor was the bit you lost a bit of foot, come here," she demands sharply, "and let me comfort thee."  Considerable trepidation rises in its eyes, for in this place there is not the option of fight or flight, but only to obey.  "Poor dear, have you injured yourself in my service?"  She snatches the creature's ankle, upending it with a firm yank.  "You darling little bastard, what have we here?"  Rueshaba plucks a sharp shard of glass from its foot, then drops it on its head with not the least concern of damaging the floor.  "If I were not so happy... I might consider if I should grant you a kiss or rip your dear little head off.  Later perhaps, an appropriate reward will come to mind.  Does anyone else tread upon painful feet?" she wails.  "If my window fails to obey when next I call, I shall view very harshly any found to conceal a portion of it."  She hands the shard to her master technician.  "Recast my window maestro and add this note to the melody."
--
Back at the hideout, Leona calls out teasingly to Beth.  "You're going to be known as Beth the Prune if you don't get out of the water before long."  Beth doesn't feel such harassment is deserving of comment.  Another hour and several charcoal refuelings are required before their resident mermaid finally reappears, shuffling into the room bound up in a frumpy gray blanket.  Not but a frazzled hairdo and her toes to be seen.  "Anybody have a comb?" she inquires casually.  
"Beth the Prune," Leona continues colorfully. 
Beth makes a face as she starts on her way up the stairway.  "It was worth it," she injects smugly, "and I'll straighten out in a while, you'll see.  Reaching the landing, she turns her attention to Hale.  "Hon!" She purrs enticingly, "when you get scrubbed come up and see me, I need you to do something."  She turns up her nose and prances off trying to conceal a mischievous grin.  The edge of her blanket flows along the balcony like the train of a Hollywood diva's gown.  Karn alludes to her attitude with a slow gracious bow.  Everyone's mood is relaxed; Beth's grand entrance and playful exit are a perfect catalyst for the moment.
Leona turns to Hale.  "You've got five minutes, dude, then she's going to be wondering what's taking you so long.  Better get moving."
Hale flushes a bit.  "Wasn't she in there for like, what... two hours?"
Karn clarifies the deficiency in Hale's theory.  "Lad you must never allow the bath water nor a maiden with such thoughts to cool.  Get thee to the tub!  I'll bring you a fine suit of clothes that you may disrobe in the style demanded of such an enterprise."
Even Hale must grant Karn's poetics a smile, though he's just been politely compared to a go-go boy toy.  
"I assure you, lad," Karn continues, "the ladies enjoy removing a gentleman's belts and buckles, just as much as we unraveling their frills and bows."  Hale nods and turns toward the bath.
"Hey, we're still at war!" Leona reminds.  "You weren't thinking of taking a bath without your best friend were you, soldier?"
He throws up his arms in a surrendering motion and retrieves his crossbow.  And so, now officially authorized to soak and simmer in service to Her Ladyship, Beth the Prune.  Karn soon follows, heaped upon his shoulder the great chest previously acquired from one of the bedrooms.  The improved morale and comforts of the moment offer a welcome respite to ponder the clues supposedly leading to their escape portal.  So much has transpired, yet they seem not a single step closer to even defining their objective.  Leona repeats them to herself several times over, yet nothing of worth comes to mind.  "Forever seek the way home;" the game master implored, "or be forever lost."  A chilling thought at best.  Certainly it would be better to retrieve Art knowing their destination in advance.  Then again, he is a player and could be part of the solution.  If he would only try!
Hale emerges soon enough, bathed, trimmed and finely tailored, lacking only a splash of lavender and hardly that.  His splints, for the moment set aside, indeed it was a necessary evil as otherwise he could never have gotten into the tub.  Karn steps aside, proudly announcing with glorious fanfare; "Milady, may I present Sir Hale, a noble Lord of Mosheum, at once both slave and master of the Lady Beth."
"Looking good dude," Leona flatters.
Hale duly nods his appreciation, though ascending the stairs with his crutch somewhat dampens the moment.  This a tricky maneuver accomplished with articulate sidesteps and complicated by the crossbow swaying from his shoulder.  But having reached the landing, his flourish restored, he is soon rewarded by Beth's enthusiastic reception.  "Oh woowww!" rebounds from the corridor above initiating a round of smiles and silent applause. 
Karn has volunteered to draw fresh bath water for Leona while she maintains the watch.  She can't help but wonder if he may harbor amorous intentions of his own. Beth's recent antics doubtless an effort to stir the pot in that direction.  Could there be conspiracy afloat?  She wouldn't put it past Beth for a moment to prod their host directly with subtle words of encouragement.
Sunlight suddenly brightens the room.  Though the drizzle persists, a mighty wind has entered the fray, coming at last to sweep the low dreary clouds away.  Karn motions toward the mist-shrouded lake; a faint rainbow has come to celebrate the transition from overcast of gray to late-morning's light.  Leona smiles and relates, "where I'm from, lore would have a pot of gold waiting to be found where the light touches the ground.  Of course, none have ever retrieved the elusive treasure because the end really doesn't exist.  The closer you approach the more the image diffuses, fainter and fainter until it's gone, though others still see it clearly from where they stand.  It remains, yet can no longer be perceived from the seeker's point of view.  Thus, the treasure's forever protected with only illusion to guard it."
"Indeed!" Karn replies curiously.  "Hereabouts they would say a beautiful golden-haired maiden awaits there, willing to offer herself to the first lad with good fortunate enough to find the way.  And as you say, none have ever succeeded.  Thus, a fair maiden she will always be."
"A maiden! 'To the house of Iris you must go.'  I knew there was a bell ringing somewhere when I heard that.  It's mythology; Iris is the rainbow!  Intangible, a deception of refracted light!  Each point of view perceives it in a different place.  This could be a problem," she concludes in hushed tones.  "You can't touch it, you can't even really see it; the end of a rainbow... cannot be found.  Shit!  This whole deal might be a setup.
"Have I offended thee?"
"No!  Not you, that bastard Mark," she hisses.  "The house of Iris... a place, something solid," she mumbles, "not a symbol.  Okay, that's better... maybe... I think.  You've helped greatly by bringing this connection to mind.  Is there any place you know, a building, or a group of people, anything called by the name Iris?"  A puzzled expression and negative nod do little to ease Leona's anxiety.  The possibility of being trapped in a paradox is not a comforting notion.
"Well... that's later anyway.  I need to stay with what's immediate.  I need arrows, and tightly woven linen, enough that I might fashion a tent."
"Shafts and bolts there," he points. "That cabinet in the hallway.  Take the bed linens for your tent; they are of the finest cloth.  There is a sleeping room off the kitchen for the squires.  You and Lady Beth may find garments there.  Though not meant for a lady, they are clean, of good cloth, and perchance may be a better suit to your size.  Search through the lodge, anything of mine is yours.  Were times better, milady, I would make you no less an offer."
An interesting choice of words, she reflects.  By the time Hale and Beth have descended from their tower of ecstasy, Leona has laid out the cloth from which to assemble the crew's new home.
Karn graciously interrupts.  "Milady's bath is ready."
Alas, her turn to soak.  Though not unappreciated, she is relieved to be free of the wrappings that have secured her rib cage of late.  As if being black and blue from head to toe weren't enough, her torso is now further complemented by several antagonizingly sensitive concentric red rings.  Brush burns from the binding's edge, a toll exacted over the last two nights by the joggling afforded of their escape conveyance.  Overall, her natural skin tone has take on more the appearance of an exotic caterpillar than that of a young woman.  Slipping into the hot water briefly recounts the thrill a French fry might experience when first dropped into boiling oil.
The stinging subsides, and she's soon squeaky clean and thoroughly aglow for it.  She exits the spa in her fine clean squire's appointments.  Sure enough, however, soon as the drill sergeant takes a brake, discipline falters.  Resident temptress and part-time match-maker, Lady Beth is still shamelessly cloistered within her blanket.  Hardly suitable attire were there need of a hasty exit or call to arms.
Hum, but what's this?  Leona muses, knowing it's not like Beth to stay still for more than a few seconds, especially when she's on her feet.  Something's captured her attention, for she's acquired a twig from the kindling pile and got a cautious eye on the bookcase.  "What are you up to over there?"  Leona plies inquisitively.
"Look at this!  It does look like a mouse."  Leona investigates.  One of the little bats has found a comfortable niche for a snooze between several musty old volumes.  Beth is torn between keeping a safe distance and her curiosity, thus her need of a defense twig.
"What ya going to do with the stick?"  Leona inquires soberly.
"Umm, I don't know."
"Leave it be.  You wouldn't want some giant hairy creature poking you with a stick in the middle of the night."
"I'm not a giant hairy creature," she responds indignantly with a tilt of her head and furled brow.
"If you wake it up, far as that little bugger's concerned, you are."
"I'm not going to hurt it."
"Have you explained that to the bat?"
"Gimmy a break, will ya?" she snaps in a whisper.
"If you promise to be calm, okay?"
"I'll be calm," she fires back quietly; so as not to alarm her exotic discovery.  With that assurance, Leona slowly presents the back of her hand to intercept another little interloper that's begun climbing Beth's blanket.  Beth glances down to see what's going on; her eyes light up.  "Eeeeekk!" she murmurs.
"Just be still... there's no problem unless you make it one."  The tiny invader's wings shutter as it searches for balance, crawling sluggishly onto the back of Leona's hand.  She raises her palm slowly, positioning it to allow the critter continue and take hold of a loose leaf binding adjacent to its sleeping cousin.  The one Beth discovered was just a quaint tiny ball of fur, but this little bug muncher has its wings half spread and is looking back with an endearing face only a mother could love.  As the more adventurous one snuggles in, its tiny cousin emits a reassuring squeak that the traveler's found a groovy place to hang out.
"Is that ugly or what?"
"Probably thinks the same about us.  Haven't you found a comb yet?  Your going to scare them."
"Huh!  They can't see can they?"
"It has eyes doesn't it?"
"Where'd it come from?" she chirps.
"Probably from under the lower shelf, when you woke it."
"What?"  Beth back steps and warily stoops to discover a dozen more tufts of fur dangling from the underside of the shelf she was cozied up against.  "Ugh, it's a nest!" she warns.  "What are they doing under there?  I thought they lived up in the roof."  Realizing now she's outnumbered, Beth retreats several steps to gain some fighting space in case there's an assault.  She doesn't even trust woolly caterpillars any more since her shocking personal discovery that even cute little orange lady bugs actually do bite.
"You know how it is in the dorms," Leona replies smugly.  "When the guys come wandering back in the middle of the night, they can usually find the building, but it's more of a challenge to find their rooms.  Leave them be, they won't bother anything.  You need to get dressed," Leona emphasizes, "and find your crossbow.  Don't forget we're still in deep shit here."
"Yeah, I know," her friend admits timidly.  "I just needed some goof-off time."  Thus, the flying mice are left in peace while Beth shuffles off toward the squire's boutique to select her new fall wardrobe and find a comb.  Her furry new friends not entirely forgotten though, she glances back with a wary eye to make sure she's not being followed.
In need of thread and cart measurements, Leona ventures off to the barn.  Karn observes her approach is painfully hindered by the injuries to her foot and leg.  He has refitted the bed with clean straw, refilled the team's feed sack, and is presently rinsing the water keg.  "I thought it wise to refill with fresh that all is ready to depart.  You should sit, milady, keep the weight off your foot."
"I'll make it."
Karn replies with a weary expression and slight twist of his head, as much to say, 'who do you think your bull shitting?'
Leona nods her agreement and settles upon a nearby stack of wooden planks with a sigh of relief.  Looking back to Karn with a battered face while delicately caresses her left forearm to ease the aching, she offers a minimum smile.
"Is there any way I may assist, milady?"
"Be great If you know where I could score a dime bag or half a pound of Tylenol."  Taking note of Karn's puzzled expression, she adds, "pay me no mind, Sir.  I jest with you.  Though there is much discomfort, the good news is none of my aches are throbbing.  That would be a bad indication.  And you, how is your arm."
Very well, thank you, milady."  Karn assures, "Aches some, but much better than ever I expected."
"Good.  I take it you don't think we should stay much longer?"
Comfort and security are not equals here," Karn reminds.  "We should not delay too long.  I suspect Roux has posted solders at the manor about three hours off by the road coming round the lake.
"The one we're watching?"
"Yes.  Any force at arms would likely approach by that route.  From the time they come to view, we have two minutes, maybe three.  Few know of the way we came in and the barn would hide our departure, but not for long.  I'm encouraged that none were here last night to greet us.  Eventually someone will be reminded of this place and they'll come."
"We really need one more night to recoup, if we can.  We'll bail out first thing in the morning.  Have you a drill, an auger, something to bore holes?  Can you make wooden pegs, do you think?"
"I'm not a peg-maker by trade, but I've had some whittling experience.  I shall get it done."
"We've all ventured in new directions of late, this is but another."  With a piece of charcoal from the forge she marks the desired locations, eight along either side of the cart and several on the seat back and tailgate.  "We'll need a couple of poles that can be lashed vertically to the seat back and tailgate and another to cross over top and support the cover, strong but light."  
Once the grand design is approved and construction details worked out, Karn produces a hand brace and three crude wood-boring bits.  Holding them up for her examination, he inquires, "And what size pegs would milady desire?"
 Karn's task assigned, she concentrates on the more technical problems--that of lamp maintenance.  Cleaning the spent chalky residue from the crude devices and salvaging what remains of the precious fuel.  There is only enough for emergencies, an hour, two at most.  Unless the moon is bright and the sky clear, hereafter they must risk being identified.
"Oh, I nearly forgot.  Thread, is there any thread, needles, too?"
"For sewing?" Karn inquires.
"Yes!"
"I think not, that craft is done at the manor, not here.  If any is to be found it would reside in the squire's quarters.  Could leather laces serve?"
"I could make do, and it would be stronger."
"There are cobbler's tools and leather in the kitchen storeroom."
So goes the day: Karn drilling holes and whittling pegs, Leona stitching, Hale standing the watch and Beth trying to find just the right combination of leather, suede and lace to embody a fashion statement.
Before retiring, chairs are precariously balanced at each entrance and strung with snares, then stacked with pots to trigger a calamity if the door they guard is disturbed.  Night passes quickly and quietly.
Final assembly of the tent is the first order of the new day.  A series of loops are incorporated into each of the long edges to catch the pegs Karn's installed in the sides of the cart.  Along one side the loops are fixed so as to securely anchor the edge.  Along the other, slacked loose that once in place they may be cinched up tight pulling the cloth taut over the crossbar.  The end closures are strung with tethers so either flap may be tied off to the vertical posts.  All in all, theoretically capable of keeping them dry.
A strange brew simmers in one of the hearth's caldrons--a mixture of ash, topsoil, red clay, and ground charcoal.  Fine bleached linens, once adorning the beds of noble guests are soon converted to a more practical drab muddy gray.  Chunks of clay and ash are then artistically smeared over the material to render the fabric indiscernible within the forest's shadows.  Indeed, thoughts of a similar technique being applied to the team have come to mind.
The camouflaged material is dried and taken to the barn for a trial installation.  Beth and her crossbow tag along.  She is quite pleased with her new outfit, having found the perfect complement, a wide-brimmed leather hat.  Which for reasons known only to her, now requires that she speak with a corny German accent.  Of no practical help, and soon bored of the tent rigging, she wanders off nosing around the barn.  Perhaps a pair of long gloves might be found or better yet something akin to a purse.  "Take care," Karn advises.  "There may be snakes about looking for mice."
It's not long before she discovers several baby chicks huddled in the straw.  "Hey guys... there's pe-pes back here."
Karn looks to Leona with a puzzled expression.  She clarifies, "baby chickens."
Of course, as soon as she advances to capture one, the little birds scurries away in total panic.  Beth soon finds herself confronted by a protective old hen flapping her wings and reading her the riot act.  Having stated her case, the hen struts off followed by a herd of tiny yellow fuzz balls.  All of whom are now quite assured that whatever that was, it won't bother them again.  Beth retreats to the tent raising, first with a smile and southern bellish manner, "they're sooo cute."  Then, logic of a sort.  "But now, I'll think of them every time I see eggs in the grocery."  And finally, stark realization, "darrnnnn!" she winces.  Leona casts a sympathetic glance, knowing hot wings and omelets are out of the question for at least a few weeks.  Karn watches quietly as Beth wanders back toward the lodge, all those concerns so profound and heavy just beneath her fine new leather hat.
Leona consoles with a quiet chuckle.  "She'll get over it, don't worry.  Sometimes she has a... priorities conflict."
Within the hour other concerns well beyond the fate of an egg arise.  Two horseman approach, attired neither for sport nor combat, but very well dressed to be sure.  Not commoners these.  One a young man of his early twenties, Doran called he.  The other a sprout, hardly sixteen and brother of Doran, Adair is he.  Fortunately another lad faithfully mans his post and thus, is keen upon their presence.  The rest afforded Hale's knee of late, earned of that bothersome crutch, now repaid.  He moves with ease, quickly and quietly to warn his comrades.  "Heads up!  We've got company."
"How many?" Leona asks.
"I saw two."
"Where's Beth?"  Hale hesitates.  "I thought she was out here with you guys."
"She went back in... I think."
In fact Beth has refilled the vat, set the charcoal aglow and settled in for another pleasant soak.  'Tis after all a new day and bathing is such a delight.  Besides, there is much to contemplate what with the pe-pes and thoughts of scrambled eggs.
Karn is fast to the loft and up into the rafters for an overview of their circumstance from the high ground.  Choosing to return more at the convenience of gravity than ladders, time being of the essence.  "Two we can handle," he assures.  "I saw no others, but others may follow.  The mounts do not appear as military and they are left unattended.  I suspect these fellows visitors."  He takes Leona's arm.  "I'll go in by the front first, drawing their attention, you then from the lake side.  We shall have them between us."  Catching Hale's sleeve, he advises, "You with her lad, but stay outside.  Keep watch that no others come unannounced till our present business is complete."
The two young men enter the great hall a bit wary that their keys were not required to loose the door.  "'Tis a fine house," concludes the younger lad.  "Father's come into a grand arrangement."
"Yes, and as this is so far from the manor, while dear father tends his politics, we shall engage of great mirth and levity here I think."
Doran's attention is caught by a faint breath of smoke lingering in the air.  "The fireplace is still fresh.  Someone's been here."  He points out the blankets and such haphazardly strewn before the hearth.  With nothing of worth to lose the wise would be quickly away, off to gather reinforcements.  But wisdom seldom travels in companionship with the young and is particularly lacking among the young and arrogant.  They choose to play the fools, drawing weapons rather than considering a gracious retreat to their steeds.
"Kerplumk!"
The brothers look to each other; an uninvited guest has given themselves away.  "Take heed!"  Adair whispers, Doran's reply but a nod.  They advance toward the door separating Beth the Prune from their curious eyes.  Cautiously they enter to seek the source of that foreboding displacement.  Their quest soon finds them before a resplendent young creature confined to a tub by chains of modesty and not but a large plumed hat to offer her refuge.  Wisely Beth freezes, this a turn of events requiring careful diplomacy.
"Brother, I think we've found us a water nymph here," Adair suggests smugly.  The younger lad smiles, surely wishing it were so as lore would have genuine nymphs of any persuasion notoriously easy to get along with.  Their sole purpose to entice, seduce and mate with any who come near.
"More likely a gypsy, I'd say." Doran suggests, "so there's bound to be more.  How many friends have ya brought along with ya?" he inquires of his younger brother's new-found fantasy. 
Confronted thus, Beth restrains her urge to launch into a southern tantrum or threats of retribution.  Better these two are kept unaware that her allies dally about in the vicinity.  "Gimmy a break, do I look like someone who travels with a gang?  I was on my way to Mr. Orchard's house.  It started raining so I ducked in here to get cleaned up some."
"How did you get in?"
"Karn's a very good friend of mine.  I have a key.
"He's been dragged off to the Keep, probably hung by now.  Hence, if you desire to stay, you must make new friends.  Now get thee out of my bath."
"I will not," she exclaims sternly.  Doran is not the sort to be put off, least of all by some helpless featherweight wench.  His approach is met with splashes and a barrage of soggy soap bars.  Beth's voice is still rising, "Leave me be!  I'm warning you.  I'm a witch... I'll turn you both into frogs."
"Well now, if ya do, being as frogs are so fond of water," Adair muses, "can I get in the tub with ya?"
"Not even in your dreams, creep!"
Doran's temper flares.  "Enough!" he shouts, about to reach for Beth until a new and strangely familiar voice entreats from behind.  "Enough is right, lad.  Come away now and let her be."  Karn greets them with a friendly nod and sword in hand, though not in a particularly menacing way as the point rests upon the tip of his boot.
"Milord," Adair acknowledges.  "Father said you was taken off to the Keep, and these lands had now passed to our name."
"Perchance, there has been a misunderstanding, lad."
Adair has been spared the treacherous details of how this discord was set in motion.  Doran, the eldest, on the other hand, knows it was his father who betrayed Karn's trust.  Thus, securing for the Lord of Orchard an appointment upon the gallows.  Karn's estates thus forfeit, rewarded to his father, Lord Bredon.  Such craft is not without debt and such debts are seldom discharged with mere coin.  Vendetta's a topic that can weigh heavily upon the mind.  Thus, Doran appreciates that he and his brother may end up as a down payment for his father's deceit.  Knowing also that to cross blades with Karn would surely have them both carved up like a festive roast.  A bargaining chip is needed and none but the frivolous maiden in the soup kettle is at hand.
He back steps quickly toward Beth's water park, attempting to lay his blade aside her throat.  The keen-edged metal employed to grant him reprieve abruptly shatters though it were a piece of roofing slate.  One sharp shard wickedly slashes Doran's cheek; a disfiguring gift to remind treachery is oft it's own reward.  The hilt's swept from his grasp.  It whirls away to ring upon the wall.  Before the fractured remnants settle to the floor, Karn has poked his blade at Adair's backside to assure he does not unwisely join his older brother's folly.  Wide-eyed and bleeding, Doran faces a different maiden now, this one with coal black hair and eyes of steely gray.  Not quite so fair nor defenseless, her intense gaze warning that further misdeed may render an abrupt end to his reckless affairs.  The breeze made by her sword's passing and the sound of good iron dying will long reside among Master Doran's most troubling memories.
Even Beth was unaware Leona had slipped in from the adjoining pantry at the rear.  She nearly sprang from her tub as might one of the little green creatures she purports to conjure.  "You little prick! Beth hisses.  "You're going to wish you were a frog."  Thus redeemed, she plops back down into her kettle.  Young Master Adair of his own accord has laid both sword and dagger quietly to rest upon the floor.  A piercing stare from Leona silently instructs Doran to follow suit.  He concedes, but not without some disdain, casting his weapons alongside his brother's hardware.
"Haven't you forgotten something?" Leona advises, noticing geometry most likely that of a boot knife beneath one leg of Doran's trousers.  "Since you choose to deceive, I shall have your boots off, too."
"Milord," Doran protests to Karn.  "My brother and I are gentlemen of an honorable family.  Hence, father will answer your ransom demands.  He probably searches for us even now.  If we are harmed, you know His Lordship himself will muster twenty good men and hunt you down."
Karn frowns.  "Only twenty?" he objects sarcastically.  "How do you suppose they might succeed where a 150 have already failed?"  He grabs a handful of aristocratic ruffles, pulling Doran nigh.  "If you survive this adventure, a day may come when you learn of how fortunate you were, having crossed this maiden and lived to tell the tale."  Beth is still fuming, and to prove it she pelts her antagonist hard as she can with her last soggy gob of soap.  "See how you've riled up my guests?" Karn continues.  "A gentleman, even those born of a brackish lot, takes not a helpless maiden as his shield."  Giving a firm yank to the arrogant lad's trouser leg, Karn exposes the concealed dagger.  "Now do as milady commands... or I shall have those boots off along with your feet, and carve up what remains of your insolent hide to feed my catfish."
Meanwhile, Master Adair is in complete agreement with Leona's request, perfectly reasonable he thinks as one aspiring to a future well above that of mere fish food.  Siting himself down alongside his brother, he frantically looses straps and laces eager to free his limbs of any offending contraband.  The site of blood dripping from his brother's chin does little to instill confidence in their future well being.
Being as pasta about to spill over the rim of a boiling kettle, Beth peers down from her shinny copper tureen to watch as the villains are taken to task.  "Turn them into frogs, Leo," she teases.  "We'll dip'em in corn meal and fry us up a skillet of greasy frog fritters."  Continuing now in a significantly heightened tone of voice, she pleads, "Is this party over yet?  Can I finish my bath... pleasseeee?"  She slams the water's surface with her good hand, splashing everyone.  The injured paw reserved of necessity to keep hold of her ever-durable hat.
For lack of better, their guests' wrists are bound with their own boot laces.  The lads face each other, sitting on either end of a flat wooden board dredged up from the barn.  Leather straps salvaged from old harnesses are buckled about their ankles and knees lashing them to the plank.  None of this work is nearly secure as it should be, but the plank at once keeps them together and yet apart such that no skullduggery may ensue.  Doran's wound is cleaned and bound with several loops of linen lapped around under his chin and over the top of his head.  Beth has topped it off with a large silly bow.  He appears as a character from a film of the silent era, some slapstick comedy involving a toothache.
Karn and Leona have adjourned to the porch opposite the lake front to consider the fate of their guests.  The watch must be maintained, even more so now and these two present a pressing security issue.  Simply stated, they have not the manpower to maintain two separate vigils.
Karn thus presents the facts, assumptions, and his argument for their demise.  "They've provisions only for one day.  I know these lads and they are not the sort to be hunting for their dinner.  Either they intended to stay only this night, Bredon having sent them to take account of his loot, or servants will follow within a day's time."
"Assuming they've come only to inspect the place, how soon do you think before they're missed?"
"three hours, half a day at most to return.  Concerns will arise well before nightfall on the morrow.  We may expect a search party two hours past sunrise day after next, six to eight men.  Then again, they may have rushed ahead of a larger group who could turn up at any moment.  'Tis enlightening these lads have arrived at all.  Bredon would never have let his sons come out here if he knew I were free.  I'm sure he would not risk these two if we had to take them hostage, but Roux would not hesitation."
"If Bredon doesn't know, then the general population hasn't been alerted either," Leona suggests.  "Such good fortune could free us up to move about."
"I'm thinking we are not yet exposed.  To do so demands Roux acknowledge there are those afoot who have forcibly declined his hospitality.  If one has prevailed, so may others--hardly the sort of event to inspire confidence among his subjects.
"With a crew the size of what came after us?"
"Likely very few if any know 'twas a lone maiden wrought such chaos and stole away three of his prisoners.  If word of such a breach found ears, it would be dispelled, blamed upon rebels in concert with demons and the black arts.  Any successful infraction must fall beyond the deeds of men.  Some of the tale will be dismissed with laughter and wine and some will end covered with dirt and quickly sown to grass."
"I think it's a universal constant reliable as mathematics.  You can always depend on politicians and generals to blame anyone but themselves.  Where I come from, we also have what are called corporations and religions, three layers of feudal lords.  Though different restraints are applied, each is just as bent on intimidating their vassals.  When their interests run in parallel there is much wealth to be shared among them.  But when they oppose, a weapon called technology comes upon the fields of battle and the common men are ground to dust with tragic efficiency."
Karn's disposition freezes abruptly.  He raises a hand to caution then a finger to his lips suggesting silence.  Something's provoking the brush and twigs crackle underfoot.  He motions her toward the far corner, a precaution to assure none are approaching from the opposite direction as well.  Quickly now, he advances toward the disturbance to find out what incites this restless foliage.  Leona finds no threat from her vantage point and shifts attention back toward Karn.  Calmly he motions her at ease, the tension transformed to curiosity.  A grand stag cautiously eyes them from the thicket's edge hardly twenty yards away.  The deer she has seen at home are drafts by comparison; till now one of such stature could only be perceived from the pages of National Geographic.  Karn teases, "Would milady care for venison this evening?"
"Don't you dare, we have more than enough to keep us.  Beautiful!  Let it be."  A nod signifies her wish is his command.
The buck snorts, alerting his harem.  Four doe sprint away into the forest while he maintains a defiant stance between the lodge and thicket.  Once his consorts are safe away the stag turns and bolts.  Three vigorous bounds and he's gone.
"You feel no one knows we're fugitives yet?"
Karn nods affirmatively.  "And none shall be the wiser, least till Bredon finds his sons.  Perhaps 'tis best they have nothing to tell.
Thoughts of silencing the young men add a distinct chill to the air.  What if this is somehow real and not just a clever game I play?  "I'd rather not."
"There is no need of your involvement, milady."
"No!  All we gain is another enemy in their father; we've more than we need of those.  Could they not serve better if we apply the wisdom of Mr. Stick--the principles of disinformation?"
"Of what?"
"They may offer the means to confound Roux, perchance a wild-goose chase.  Suppose we allow them to overhear our plans and mislead as to our intended destination?  If we scare them enough... their tale of woe becomes convincing, which in turn adds creditability to whatever they might overhear."
"Their restraints concern me.  With no shackles or locks to our service, a few hours left alone and they will be free and on their way.  The moon is coming bright again and with the lake shore to guide they could find their way at night.  An entire day of travel with no cares of being set upon would be lost to us."
"I'm sure there's a way, but... you know what?  It may not make any difference.  I'm already on the shit list around here.  You could say this is my second offense, or maybe third."
"How do you mean?"
"I got into a ruckus with some lout at the Brobose Inn about a week ago.  Few days later when I discovered Beth was at the Keep, I found my own likeness posted alongside hers.  So I'm known to have a gold piece on my head.  Almost happened again at the Brier Keg.  I doubt anyone could tell it was me, but you--"
"Was it you took the day pot to one of Roux's auditors then and whooped that rascal Pounds, too?"  He rolls his head back, motioning toward the sky as one suddenly enlightened.  His attention returns to the battered face of his favorite she-devil.  "'Tis a relief to know all three are one and the same.  I feared the land was being invaded by Amazons and none but myself yet to realize it."
"Don't be a smart-ass," she bids in a hushed embarrassed tone.  "He was looking for an easy mark and I wasn't in the mood for any more bullshit."
"Arguments sparked by that event set me on the road to the gallows."
If he hadn't been there none of us would have survived the Keep.  This is being manipulated--has to be!  Reality's not this well coordinated.  So it is a game, right?  But haven't you had this argument before? 
"Milady!"
"Yes!  I'm here... how's that again?"
"When I heard the tale I remarked, and not in jest, some bashing of auditors was past due.  Tempers rose, sides were chosen, and quite an upheaval commenced.  Roux's goons were upon me at first light the next morn."
"Sorry you got dragged in on my account."
"Some wisdom was to be gained from it.  I learned friends and enemies oft appear the same.  Pardon my forwardness, but also it appears I was meant to be there."
"Yes... I was just wondering about that.  Okay then.  As to the fate of our guests, I want to leave them alive."
"As you wish.  Shall I beat them to a pulp then, get them in the proper mood for scaring?"  Leona casts an unhappy frown in Karn's direction. "I thought not."
"Fear and pain are not necessarily related.  Fear is crafted within the mind; 'tis there we must go to frighten," Leona reminds.  "They would harbor a belief of things magical--dragons, witches and whatever--would they not?"
Karn ponders her inquiry with care, not wishing to offend.  "Everyone does."
"Then we shall bind them with their own doubts and superstitions; no chain of iron restrains more firmly.  We must play a little mind game I know, it's called, 'good cop, bad cop.'"
The captives are temporarily relieved of their cumbersome wooden plank and stashed in the pantry, a windowless corridor lined of empty shelves and the preferred abode of many insects and mice.  "Since you lads and your back stabbing father are living in my fine manor house now," Karn implies, "and since I'm a little short of coin at the moment, I must insist you provide a slight advance against the rents.  I know you understand."  Karn draws his dagger and snips their purse strings with a smile.  Before departing he further warns, "Ya know... I've had a hard time keeping ya two alive.  That little vixen you was tormenting wants your balls.  I've got things smoothed over some, 'least for a while.  You would do well not to stir this pot; wouldn't take much and the both of ya will end up in the stew."  The young aristocrats are now left to themselves.  Thus, providing opportunity to consider Karn's supposed intervention on their behalf, meditate upon their recent sins and torment one another with tragic scenarios of deeds yet undone upon their person.  Several quiet hours are allowed to pass for the sake of credibility until they are allowed to overhear bits of a presumably private conversation.  The exchange includes hints of their captor's future destination and discussion of fictitious demons known as Squillets.  Hale purports to argue in their defense, implying their actions did not warrant such vile consequence.  Beth of course wishes them a most agonizing and devious end, which confirms a measure of Karn's trustworthiness.  The good cop has succeeded in gaining at least slight of their confidence.
During the next few hours the cart's readied and provisioned.  A generous supply of clean bandages is added to the depleted first aid kit.  To shed evening's chill and morning's dew, several fleece-lined leather vests are conscripted along with more of the wide-brimmed hats that have become fashionable in some circles of late.  Personal umbrellas of a sort not unlike Beth's, but for the pheasant feathers artfully tucked under a belt she's trimmed and added as a hat band.  A change of clothes for each, many socks, and anything that could be construed or adapted as an under garment is spirited off to their cause.  All that remains of the oil from the manor's lamps is gathered along with an ax, a piece of flat iron from the forge, another pot, utensils, arrows, a hammer, and crossbow bolts--the practical everyday things.  Beth for her part has confiscated several goose-down pillows, building herself a nest between the water keg and storage chests.  In all fairness she's not the only one seeking a softer touch.  Two have been deflated somewhat, wrapped in linen and reserved to comfort the cart driver and his shotgun's hind ends.  Hale receives a crash course in cart handling, his only concern, 'Where's the brakes?'  Karn and Leona will ride the mounts graciously provided by their guests.  All is set and ready to go.  All that is, but for the frightening.
A stout heavy clay crock is filled to a fourth with essence of demon.  This infusion, a blend of her own highly flammable liquid fuel, peanut-sized chunks of porous leather, candle's wax, lamp oil, coarse saw-dust, ground charcoal, and several creatively configured slabs of brine-laden husk from Karn's fine country ham.
Neither evil signs nor discord of magic are needed to restrain the supposed, ravenous, blood Thirsty Squellets contained therein.  Rather a good hard cork stopper pressed firmly into the spout will do fine.  Now, a silver clasp scavenged from Karn's fine apparel is crimped over the rim of the crock's mouth.  This is to see that the vessel bursts violently and not just pop its cork.  For all in all, the single purpose of this witch's brew is to be set free in the most frightful and glowing way possible.
"What is this?" Karn inquires.
"One of my favorite things, a little bomb!"
"Is this another spell as that which cursed Roux's encampment?"
"Not exactly, since I've no explosives to spare, for this apparatus containment is the key and then a very rapid pressure drop the means."
"Yes, milady," he agrees completely, but shrugs his shoulders as one without the slightest idea what she's babbling about.
"If they follow your instructions the boiling oil will have the crock burst violently.  Decompression will cause the liquid to vaporize creating a nice fireball.  The sawdust will add a fluffy cloud of sparks and the bits of leather will soak up oil, catch fire, and be thrown in all directions.  To a superstitious observer they will appear to jump out trying to catch those near at hand.   You know, like Ahhh! Run!  The Squillets are loose, panic is what we seek to inspire.  If they investigate when the fire has burned out they'll find the pieces of ham which will appear as tiny charred carcasses."
"Dead Squillets," Karn supposes.
"Yes!  You're getting it!  By such deception the trick is not so easily found a fraud.  They will think they've destroyed a demon and they'll have proof in the flesh for all to behold that it actually existed.  And for future reference a valuable clue, too.  Dead Squillets have the smell of charred ham.  Word of it will spread, and the mention of Squillets may be useful another day.  That is, if they don't drop it themselves, crack it open, and discover the ruse.  If not, the illusion remains intact, adding creditably to what they think they know of our plans.  And you saw for yourself, everything I put in there was real.  No hocus-pocus, no magic.  You could have made this as easily as I."
"There's more oil.  Should we not have filled it to the brim?"
"Well no, it's all about pressure dynamics, the oil's not compressible.  If you fill the crock full, after a few moments in the fire it simply cracks.  All you get is a flare-up, we need a boom."  She flings her arms aside in an expanding fashion to illustrate.  "You see, by leaving it three-fourths empty you provide room for the vapor, which is... compressible and--"  Though Karn is listening, his expression betrays the lack of understanding.  "Never mind!  We'll go over this again later," she assures, "when there's more time."
"Sorcery without magic," he resolves quietly.
"Think of it as politics... on a different level."
The captives are returned to the central room.  This time they are strapped into chairs, their wrists bound separately, one down along each side to the rear legs.  The lads again face each other about eight feet apart.  Aloof and silent, Leona enters, her bag of tricks slung over one shoulder.  She casts an evil eye to each then sets about her mischief.  This time the plank that had been used to separate them is placed upon their knees.  She scrawls allegedly magic writing from one end to the other with a charcoal stick.  Taking special note of the foreboding arrow signs pointing at each of them, The lads watch in dread.  Local lore of such devilish doings has rendered them both frightened stiff.  Next a spindly three-legged stool is set upon the plank midway between the lads.  "Karn," she calls out authoritatively.  "Bring my Squillets!"  He appears carrying the crock at arm's length accompanied by much concern apparent upon his sweating brow.  Placing it ever so gently upon the floor, he sighs of relief, then exits with noticeable haste.  'Tis said all the world's a stage and each a player thereupon.  Should fantasy's game be different then?  For surely none could protest of such fine and wicked jest.
The trick now is to inform without threatening words, as such are the weapons of fools.  Tapping several times upon the crock as to disturb something restrained therein and then placing her ear against the surface as to confirm of its presence, finally a devilish smile upon her face and the deed is done, with not a word.  Now, one could truly say imagined demons are here to play, thus, are bound these fools to stay or else with their lives condemned to pay.  Much to the dread of her prisoners she suddenly shakes the crock violently and places it upon the stool, then tiptoes away backward.  Any excessive rustling of the precariously balanced plank will likely cause the top-heavy assembly to falter sending the crock of antagonized imaginary demons crashing to their freedom.  All this, not unlike watching the construction of one's own gallows.
Liquid fuel is next trickled on the floor in a circle around the fearful lads.  The dire tool of complete silence aptly employed throughout their torment.  When the ends of the fuel circle have met, a wooden stick withdrawn from her pouch seemingly bursts into flame at her touch.  The liquid is ignited and a fire swoops over the floor, racing in both directions at once.  The lads watch, horrified as it momentarily surrounds them in a ring of bright smokeless flame.  Though the display leaves not a mark upon the floor, a lasting impression shall endure upon those it has come seemingly to curse.
"I didn't do nothing, didn't touch her," Adair declares in desperation.  Doran, the older lad, though steeped in perspiration, holds his tongue silent.
Leona shoots a stern expression toward Adair.  "Nor will you ever think it again," an imposing finger pointing toward the crock, "if you break my seal."  Her deeds are proof enough for any intelligent fellow.  This is a witch and their lives hang in the balance of the caution she's just proclaimed.  Leona exits joining Karn who's been discretely watching her charade through a window.  He's dressed down into peasant trimmings for their trip.  If Bredon knew he was hauled off to the Keep, others may as well.  "Think they believed all that poo?" she asks, a tone of delight at her performance.
"I'd say they've both shit their britches."
"Hummm," she smiles.  "Your turn now, they need something to hold on to.  Go in and be the good cop, give them hope."  A few agonizing moments pass, allowing a sense of desperation to set in before Karn enters.  He steps in the open door, motioning to the condemned that they need stay clam.  Then turns, looking around as though he prefers none see him enter their chamber of horrors.  By this, a casual indication he is at odds with their tormentor, the prescribed sign of hope to draw then further into his confidence.
"Can ya help?" Doran pleads.  "What are we to do?
"I can't cross that mark she's made round you two.  They'll catch my scent, wouldn't want them coming for me.  Be thankful she's chosen to play with you, else she'd have your heads in a sack by now.  Most important... don't jiggle about," he cautions.  "If you let that crock fall and break they'll be at you.  You've been marked.  Once they get loose nobody can help ya!"
"What's she put in there?"  Doran inquires in an anguished tone.
"It's a little monster it is and she's had a litter of pups, too."
"A litter!" Doran gasps. 
"Yes, and you know how hungry newborns can be.  I've seen them, like tiny ferrets they are and ferocious as a pack of wolverines."
"What about that fire went around us?"
"Well you see, when her playing is finished, be poor sport to have them loose upon the peasants.  She's fixed them onto you.  If they get loose they're bound to stay within the ring till they starve."  Doran and Adair look to each other with great dismay.  Seems their father's good fortune has snared them a gruesome fate.
"Get us free of this, sir."  Doran pleads, "I swear I'll take your side with father.  I know he'll see you safe away, I swear it."
"And bring a terrible end to all of us?  Have you learned nothing from your foolishness?  This wench is not one I dare to deceive.  Set her a course she has, counting on you fools to topple that crock.  All ya have to do is be still.  Your father knows you're here, does he not?"
"Yes," Doran answers.  "We're expected back for dinner the morrow."
Well then, a day or so they'll come looking for you.  So long as you stay put you'll get by.  If not, 'twill be no fault of mine.  You've been fair warned."
A panic attack looms over young Master Adair.  He appreciates his was to be a life of careless luxury.  This, his first occasion to think such fond prospects may slip away as but a wisp of smoke.  "What about them things?" he cringes, perspiration cascading form the lad's face.  "They got our scent now, we'll never be rid of them."
"Calm yourself, I'm trying to tell you.  A child could do away with them so long as they are not let out.  Only way is to bake them, but don't throw the crock into a fire.  If it breaks, some might get loose and you don't want that.  They'll come right for you.  A good thick bed of red-hot ash is what's needed.  Set the crock in the coal's midst and bank the embers around it.  Be real gentle; don't stir them around.  Then get away 'cause when they die they'll come out in a fury.  I'll take my leave now.  The task is in your hands, fare thee well."
"Wait," Doran pleads.  "My bowels are about to pop."
"Sorry lad, far too late now.  There are times when we all must make sacrifices."  Karn strides away, but stops just short of the door to add, "When next you see your father, be sure to remind him we've unfinished business, he and I."  A gentle clank of the latch and they are left as captives, delicately bound of their own misgivings.
Karn rejoins the others who silently applaud his fine performance.  He bows, graciously accepting their praise.  "I truly enjoyed that," he admits.  "A farce of this sort has never occurred to me as such grand sport."
"A litter indeed," Leona chuckles.  "And sacrifices... that was curl.  I think you a natural born thespian, milord, perhaps we should open a traveling theater company."
Hale encourages the horses onward, Beth's hidden in her nest of down, Karn takes the fore, and Leona the aft.  It's late afternoon and though it would have been nice, there are just too many complications to stay another night.  Four hours at most till dark, and barring catastrophes, the Brobose Inn two days ahead.

Chapter-14

ONE FRIEND NEW, ONE FRIEND OLD,
WHICH THE BETTER IF THE TRUTH BE TOLD?

Two days of bouncing and swaying, in its fondest dreams a milkshake could hardly wish for better.  The countryside's at peace, lovely in every countryside sort of way.  Crickets and frogs chant appreciatively of the previously day's showers, squirrels scamper about the branches overhead, and the pace is such that even a band of battered weary fugitives may slight enjoy.  Indeed, not a hint of any threat has come nigh, spirits are rising and their scraps and bruises are becoming less antagonistic.  Beth and Hale have taken to harmonizing on old Simon and Garfunkel melodies.  Could be they've been nipping at Karn's peach brandy reserves.  They start late in the morning to avoid the rush hour, stay out of sight till near the close of day and ride the open lanes wondering about the stars and enjoying moon's increasing light.
'Tis late afternoon when the gables of the Inn and the roof's articulate array of dormers first comes to view.  Election is made to wait till light of day has foreclosed allowing the more discreet shades of night embrace their objective.  Though ever so briefly, Leona is a known felon in this neighborhood and care must be observed.  Were she perceived as having found shelter there, her friends would be implicated and could forfeit of breath itself.  No stranger to this neck of the woods either, Karn's better kept from view also.  Though his disfavor is known to hardly any his fugitive status could be declared at any moment. 'Tis but a matter of how long Roux abides it advantageous to conceal his reproach of those who dare to dissent.  For internal political assassinations are a sport that bodes ill even of one's faithful allies.
There seems abundant merriment for a country way stop this time of evening.  Music seeps from within offering a curious incentive to any wandering by.  Several carts and even a coach are to be seen in the vicinity, some special occasion, a wedding perhaps?  Yet still, a gathering until this hour feels out of place for country folk, as most need be up at dawn and off to their fields or flocks.  Leona and Karn approach a lean-to stacked with firewood near the rear kitchen door.  Hale and Beth stay with the cart awaiting an all clear.  "I doubt I'm as easily recognized as you," Leona surmises.  "I'll check in."
As a clock's pendulum would venture from one extreme to the next, no less shall this game of fortunes sway to and fro.  Shackled kitchen knave one week, business manager the next, Art's position  has turned around nicely.
Others as well.  Once the lowly Wannabee of less regard than sweepings from the floor, he too now advanced as newly installed auditor for it seems there's been a recent opening.  He himself reinvented of late to overcome the negative image projected by his former mentor, he's gone so far as even to paying for his own ale.  And thus, no less enticed to the vicinity as any other by a radical new concept known as Happy Hour.  Nature's call has surely spared his life tonight, for his late evening entrance to enjoy a nightcap has been slight delayed.  Seeking the privacy of shadow to relieve himself, his presence alongside an out building adjacent the Inn is handily concealed.  Clear sight provided of those congregating just behind afforded by a kitchen window's light.  Though faces come not to view, he harbors vivid recollection of a certain voice that flings iron pots with deadly precision, his own good health to pursue.  Any honorable man, having found again the evildoer who had maimed a good friend would surely stand forth, call out to challenge, then charge headlong into the fray.  But, by prior invitation that for breakfast he should remain and find portions of himself then served upon toast, unsettling, one could say.  Wiser though, he thinks to quietly abide unseen and preserve all his parts verily intact.  Besides, a shinny gold sovereign might he to gain rather than have his liver this villainous wench to extract!
Opening the rear door a bit apprehensively, Leona peeks into the kitchen.  The clatter of pots and pans is in full swing.  Even so, Edie hears the familiar squeak of the worn hinges and turns about taking notice of the intruder.  "And what's this?" she challenges, as her eyes brighten and a great smile comes to be.  "Well, aren't you a wonder, Ev! summon the Dork," Edie shakes her finger wildly toward the main room.  "The maker of morons has come again."  The young lad who tends the stoves, one of Jagat's own, immediately retreats to a distant corner.  He's heard the tale of the Tax man's disfavor and thinks it better not to stand too near.
Leona's quick to restrain the kitchen maid's enthusiasm, laying a finger cross her lips to invoke both caution and quiet.  She gathers the two stout little ladies together for a quick conference.  "A lot has happened," she pleads.  "Better then none of the customers know I'm here."
They both nod their understanding.  After all, this is not the first secret they've kept on her behalf.  "What's happened to your face, child?"  Ev observes quietly, touching the softer back of her fingers to Leona's cheek.
"Just a bump, it's fine now.  Where's Art?  He's still here isn't he?"  Edie nods a yes.  "Good, it was past time he did something right.  Ask him to come back here, but don't tell him why."  Edie scampers off to retrieve the Dork, while Ev rescues a crude wire basket of French fries from a kettle of boiling lard.  Leona samples one from a heap upon the counter; not bad actually, especially for any harboring a serious addiction to bacon.  Art's applying his marketing skills fully intent on whipping the Brobose into the area's first fast food, cappuccino cafe, dance hall and brothel with a liquor license.
Edie saunters over to Art with the coyness of a secret agent sent upon a covert mission.  He's presently organizing the next set by a group of local minstrels.  They've contracted to entertain the guests until the last call in exchange for a copper and a hardy measure of ale.  Their tempo leaning seriously toward the medieval, Art endeavors to explain his theory of jazz/Gothic.  Free of his shackles and better attired than when last he toiled for his fair Leona, he looks to have settled in quite well.
Cloe's prancing about serving up finger-food and ale.  The concept of French frying has opened a whole new world; in addition to 'taters there are breaded pieces of chicken, venison and catfish.  It's just that everything tastes like bacon.
There are three travelers staying the night, all elderly gentlemen of moderate means.  Six locals still dally about, merchants of one sort or another--which is to say, those having others designated to rise early and toil in their stead.  The new atmosphere at the Brobose has become a rural novelty.  Art is in league with two of these fellows on various business activities.  Indeed, he has inquired of dearest Cloe, that perchance she may know of other lovely young ladies likewise so inclined as to privately entertain the gentlemen folk.
"Master Art," Edie, standing tall upon her toes whispers in his ear.  "Your presence is requested in the kitchen, sir."  He hesitates for a moment to wonder why such a formal tone.  Something's up, for there appears a twinkle in her eye.
"A moment with these gentlemen, if I may?" he entreats with a note of political savvy.  "Then I am at your beck and call, darling."  Oh my, how she and Ev love to hear his sweet nothings; he's learned quickly how to ply them both and have his way.
Edie moves off to let Klena know her fugitive friend is on the premises.  Though he holds no ill feelings, word of this does not fare well with Jagat Bose, proprietor and master of this tiny domain.  His first concern is to scan the guests to see if any may have been present on the lady's previous visit.  Thankfully, there would seem none about that might recall her face.  Then, a cautious eye over his shoulder toward the kitchen where all are cackling as a brood of hens.  Have they no concern of what consequence her presence might invoke?  And a gold piece no less to be had of it.  Back to his patrons then for a second glance.  Be there any half as bold or so obnoxious as the former auditor who might make sport of a maiden in man's attire?  Neither fools, drunkards, nor lads thinking themselves excessively possessed of brass are to be seen.  Perhaps he may yet have a peaceful ending to this cautious state of affairs.
Klena offers a welcoming hug to her friend, thought lost.  Her customary sober expression replaced by a glowing smile.  "I see ya been roughhousing again."  They embrace.
"Yeah, I've had better days," Leona admits, "but things are quiet at the moment."
"We heard nothing of thee after the constables left.  All the gossip finds its way here.  The lack of it concerning you was a relief in a way."
"Whatever came of that jackass I hit with the kettle?"
"Constables carried him out and heaved him into a wagon.  We never heard another word of it.  That wart on a toad's ass ya ran off, he's taken over the auditor's duties.  We've only seen him once since.  Cloe came in through the back corner door carrying a chamber pot.  The expression he took on, I thought he peed himself, looked as if Death had tapped him on the shoulder!  Didn't stay to finish his pint, and he paid for it too!" she muses, "Just sort of slithered away.  Far as I've heard he ain't given nobody trouble.  I think you straightened him out fer us."
"Some friends are waiting outside," Leona injects. "I'd like to get them settled into a room if you have one."
"Bring'em in, we have space.  It would be the tower room, I'll have it readied."
"Do you know Karn of Orchard?"
"Lord Karn... Indeed... a good friend of Jagat's--both of us I'd like to think.  They played as children.  Jag's father was squire to them of Orchard, nearly fifty years faithfully rendered to their service.  This Inn was his father's reward."
"He's with me, too."
"Here, Lord Karn, now!  There was word he'd been hurt, a hunting accident or something.  What have ya been up to now?  Gather ya friends in while I tell Jag of Lord Karn's arrival."
Having recognized Leona's voice, Art comes on the scene somewhat apprehensively, hoping his partner's temperament has cooled since last they met.  Time it's said can heal all things, but he knows his X has a very long memory and its only been two weeks.  "Hey, what's up?" he ventures cautiously.
"Beth and Hale are with me."
"Whoa! Great! where they at?"
"Out back.  Give me a minute to get them in here, then we have to talk."
Jagat converges on their fond reunion, somewhat confused as to why the Lord of Orchard might be found in his kitchen.  "Lord Karn, milady.  You say he is here--where?"
"Out back keeping watch," Leona replies, as though wealthy landowners were common as stable boys.
Jagat rushes out to make sense of the situation.  Leona follows, but does not join in for the social pleasantries, being more concerned with her anxious and very tired friends.  Art is left to wonder, not so much who or what has brought a Lord of the land to the kitchen door, but whether he might entice Leona's VIP to try a French fry.  Could be an opportunity afoot.
"Art's still here," Leona advises Hale.  "Everything's cool.  I've got a room for you two.  Nobody here knows you guys, so shouldn't be any problems.  Go on in.  Art will get you settled.  Tell him I'll be a while yet.  I need to get these animals put up."
"What about you?" Beth pleads.  "Don't you ever get tired?"
"Hey, we are still on high alert."  Beth raises her crossbow and nods.  "Good girl.  It's best I stay out of sight as much as possible.  Too many people around here know Karn and some know me.  I don't want to put the Innkeeper and his wife at risk.  They could end up in a world of shit on my account.  Karn and I will stay in the barn."
Beth smiles, "Ahaaa!"
"Cool it!"  Leona advises.
"Hey, you're running out of opportunities you know.  I would try to find somewhere else to hide your little pet snake though.  I could see it as a turnoff for some guys."
"Bird!  Oh shit, I completely forgot."  Her hand instinctively rises to her breasts.  "I've lost him!"
"I'm not surprised," Beth complains, "riding on that wagon seat all night would rattle the wax out of your ears."
"I can't believe I just forgot him.  I'm sure he wasn't with me when Stick bound up my ribs."
"Probably got tired of all your banging around, you know.  Even a snake has limits," Beth clarifies most assuredly.  "Slithered off to a safer neighborhood to find a nice little lady snake... and settle down."
"The explosion!  I'll bet that's when he got lost.  Damn, I hope he's all right."
"Be gooodddd," Beth coos with a devilish smirk.  "See ya later."
"Yeah, maybe after the crowd clears out I'll come in for a brew."
"Is Art coming with us?"  Hale asks.
"Don't know yet, it's his call.  But I won't be swinging by this way again."  Hale turns toward the door.  Leona catches his arm for a serious afterthought.  "Talk to him; he's got off the track here, way off.  Maybe he'll listen to you.  But know this... and make sure he understands, In the morning I'm leaving, with or without."
Beth and Hale mosey off toward the light of the open doorway.  Once out of earshot, Hale inquires in a low cautious tone, "Why you trying to fix her up with Karn?  What about Art?"
"She needs some release, and soon.  I think Art's skipped his turn."
"No way!" Hale insists.
"Yeah, well then what the hell is he doing here while she's getting her ass whipped all over town?  And don't let him talk you into joining any of his bullshit ventures.  I'm not going to end up on the dessert cart at the kennel, got it?  Where Leo goes, I'm going, too."
Hale keeps nodding yes to every few words.  Prior experience has shown her tone is getting dangerously close to the flash point.  That's when she starts anticipating the answers to her own questions and gets madder at each imagined reply.  Unless he drops it or changes the subject to interior decorating, it's all going to be his fault--just because.
Jagat and Karn have locked in an enthusiastic bear hug.  "Looks as though you've taken a fall," Jagat surmises.  "Rumor had you lost, milord.  'Tis good to see you well."
"The kindling had been stacked, my friend.  I was only hours from being as the soot rising from your hearth."
"I don't understand.  There was word you were hunting, lost for a while in the mountains, injured!"
"More so lost in the dungeons of the Keep."  Jagat's expression becomes more confounded.  "Allow me tend the horses so the others may join their friends, them we'll talk of that scoundrel Roux."
"Why do they wait out in the dark?
"Our commander demands we remain ever cautious, ready to move on the snap of a twig."
"Commander? the wench with the temper?"  Jagat presumes.  Karn nods.  "Looks to me she has the team in hand and your friends come nigh.  This is confusing, milord.  Perhaps I misunderstand?"
The former Master of Orchard turns as Hale and Beth step into the glow of the open doorway, both carry crossbows, locked and loaded.  "You two are going to get spoiled," he teases with a smile.  "These folks can actually cook."  Art ushers his friends in, all the while eyeing their weapons as though they were dragging dead skunks along by their tails.
Karn's thoughts return to Leona.  "What do you know of her, this maiden who heaves iron pot and lightning bolts about?"
"She doth not suffer fools... nor auditors lightly.  Yesterday I think it was, we found another of his teeth.  I'm sure you've heard the tale of our auditor's undoing.  I'm told there was a bounty.  I take it you've paid her way free and she's bound to your service now."
"Somewhat," Karn offers quietly.
"Take care, friend... I've not seen more rage in man nor beast than she can muster.  Caution also, it seems not to dull her wit.  Most wenches so incised tend suddenly to lack of wisdom, know you this, calm and deadly she remains."
"Yes, I've noticed that, too.  This lad, the one bound to you, what of him?"
"He's well educated, clever with his words, learns fast, very smart in the ways of commerce, but dumb as a twit when it comes to common sense.  Talks of games a lot and dangerous exploits--I think most of them if not all are in his dreams.  Doubtful he could defend himself from a gander, two would have him up a tree."  Jagat chuckles, "They appear an inconsistency, turned 'round backward."
Karn half smiles, nodding his agreement.  "I much prefer them as they are.  I was not joking about the Keep."
"How so milord?" 
"Trust that at times those calling themselves friend would sell your life for a copper.  Bredon, formerly Lord of Kains Bridge, has done so with my confidence.  Henceforth you may call him Lord of Orchard also, least till he an I meet again."
"Lord Bredon has brought you low?  Are you now then Lord of Kains Bridge?"
"I'm less than a thief and least of all forgiven... nor released to my freedom of Roux's kindness.  'Twas that wild maiden now tending the horses paid my way free.  Tricked her way into the Keep to reclaim the little pixie and her lad there.  She alone mind you, not one accomplice to her aid.  Fortunately, I happened to be in her path.  The boy's leg was injured and she had need of a cart driver.  I assure you, I was pleased to offer my services.  For that, she granted my life back to me."  Jagat's face is turning pale.  "I allowed you mislead yourself a moment ago.  'Tis not she in my service, but I in hers; and I am sworn to the death on this matter." 
 "There was word... of strange happenings at the Keep," Jagat says inquisitively "but none are sure of what sort."
"Her doings, destroyed the gates then sealed it up again."
"What?" Jagat questions.  
"Her cunning has proven Roux a fool," Karn assures.  "He himself and a hundred at arms seek us out even as we speak.  Counting not 40 maybe 50 he's already lost in the attempt," Karn adds, in a tone so casual as to speak of swatting flies.
"You jest," Jagat smiles slyly, "surely!"
"Not a single word is folly, my friend."
 If ever a man could feel his hair turning gray, certainly this stifling sensation now rising up the back of Jagat's neck is that.  "You say 40 of His Lordship's troops... disposed?  Is there an uprising?" Jagat whispers.  "Is the Keep under siege?"
"Neither!" Karn responds quietly.
"How could such a toll be inflicted?"
"When that maiden's provoked this business of flinging chamber pots is child's play, I assure you."
Jagat sits upon the ground; his mind reels with possibilities.  "There have always been a few who spoke of revolt--very few, and very quietly.  Do the people side with her against Roux?"
Karn drops to one knee to console his distraught friend.  "None I know of.  As I am told, all this began when a clay crock was dropped and broken.  I can only suppose something was hiding in that vessel.  It's loose now, and whatever it is it's lit a pyre under the House of Roux."
"She's a sorceress... or worse, a demon!"
"No! I've been over all this ground before.  Though she possesses knowledge uncommon to any I know and constructs her strategies very carefully, I think not.  Neither would a witch toil in pain as she does nor bleed nearly so much."
"You must be tired, milord, and hungry.  Come in, eat, we will make sense of all this." 
"Good friend," Karn continues, raising a hand to bid him hold.  "I tell you again.  I'm a fugitive, you could be hanged and Klena also if you are seen to give aid of any kind."
"I'll send the guests away, close the Inn."
"No! I would stay the night in your loft, out of sight."
"Milord, I --"
"Be not a fool.  If any ask of me, say that I was here, acted strangely and withdrew, you know not where.  As yet, no official proclamation of my crimes or escape has been declared, thus none may rightly fault you.  Time you tend your guests now and I the mounts to see them ready for a quick departure."
"As you would, milord.  The kitchen maids are trusted; I will have food brought out."
--
Seeing the last of them disperse, the Wannabee slinks closer from his hiding place to a shuttered kitchen window, enough so now that voices may be overheard.  Adding a gold piece to his purse would delight to no end and provide a fitting retribution for the pain and insults he's suffered.  This time of night, he surmises two hours at least would be needed to reach the nearest den of constables.  Surely they would demand equal shares of his reward to assist in this villain's capture.  Longer in transit, but wiser that the matter be confided directly to His Lordship's keeper of the watch.  Thus, may he alone claim it all.  Far safer too, for by that all responsibilities fall upon others and he need not participate further in the venture.  Though linger here he must even if all the night to learn their intentions.
--
Deep within the barn's confines, Leona's secured a lamp and uncovered her abandoned belongings.  "Might I assist milady?" Karn asks.
"My friend Art owes Jagat money for a previous indiscretion.  I was looking here amongst my things for trade goods to that end.  Whether he decides to come along or not at least then he'll be free of debt,  A clean slate as they say where I'm from."  
"Your debts are mine.  How much is owed?" 
"Two silver on Art's behalf and the loan of four coppers to stake my getaway after the chamber pot incident.  I have two coppers, but I need to keep some grocery money."
"Pittance!  I've that in hand," he produces a purse and fills his palm with silver.  "This is rightfully yours anyway."
"Mine," she demurs.  "How is it you... I mean we, came by this treasure?"
"I filched it from our guests--a small tariff for our tutoring in the hazards of Squillets."
"Never crossed my mind," she chuckles at the sincerity of his humor.  "I think your sense of jest is sharpening too."
"Sons of a noblemen are never found without coin.  Were they set upon and had nothing to pay, they'd have serious consequences.  'Tis the duty of every scoundrel to steal from the rich.  Natural as breathing."
"Speak for yourself, sir," She teases in a snooty tone; "I'll not be called a scoundrel, if you please."
Karn lowers his eyes and recants.  "I beg your pardon, milady."
Poor Leona, what is she to do?  Her eyes close and she exhales in a huff.  Darn! Beth could get away with this, why can't I?  "Good sir," She counters, "do the girls hereabout never tease a gentlemen?  'Twas jest, take me not seriously lest there are serious matters at hand.  You should have countered.  Something like, I had to take their silver, for they had no common sense to offer."  She smiles and fidgets apologetically.  "You see, I think it fair to presume that when a lady teases she expects the same in return."  Karn nods with a smile.  "We are not strangers, nor in the company of kings here.  I'm Leona, no chaste maiden.  You are Karn, no longer lord of the land... and the field between us is level, sir.  Now, let's get these animals settled in and fed."
An eloquent invitation for a roll in the hay?  Surely not, but then is such play not the way this sport is fought?  Opportunities to test the game's validity are fading fast away.  If ever it shall be, 'twill be tonight, for their ways must part come morning's first light.
As Lord and Lady of the barn toy at the dearest and most formidable game of all, at the Inn Beth announces her intentions in the simplest of terms.  "I'm gonna crash!  See ya."  Dragging herself up the stair, she is soon forgotten, at least by Art.
The coast now clear of witnesses, with the ardor of a used car salesman, Art is quick to the pitch.  For that which misery dearly loves, 'tis company he desires also.  "Hey dude, you'll hang in here with me right?"  Hale cringes, its Beth's prophecy coming to life.  Art continues enthusiastically as though the scrapes, bandages and Hale's leg splints are passing fads of fashion.  "I got a lead on some monks up in the hills who are making cheese.  Think pizza!" he exclaims.  "You can be my regional manager."
Hale sobers the occasion with a gentle reminder, "You know Leo wants to buzz out of here in the morning, right?"
"Yeah, but ya see, she never gets the big picture."
"If I were you buddy, I wouldn't piss her off right now.  She's kind of revved up, ya know?  There's more than a few back the way we just came, crossed Leo, she burned them down man.  I shit you not.  If King Kong came through that door right now," Hale nods toward the Inn's entrance, "she'd make a rug out of him."
"Yeah, she ruined some guy in here couple weeks ago, tried to put the arm on her.  Probably still doesn't know what hit'em."
"Right now, us three and that other guy, Karn, we're on the top dog's hit list.  Look... I know you like to disagree with Leo, even if it's just for the hell of it.  But I think she has some valid points here, dude.  Top dog is really pissed."
When Hale agrees with Leona, Art knows it's time to change his strategy and regroup.  "So, is this big dude making it with Leo or--"
"No, I don't think so.  They do make a good team though, keep each other's backs.  He's cool, I like him.  Saved our asses a couple times."
Art motions to Cloe; she scoots right to his side.
"Couple tankards, Hon, very important meeting here."  She winks and zooms toward the bar.  "Okay huh!  Got quite a reputation, too."
"I'm not asking, so don't tell me, okay.  'Cause soon as Beth spots her she'll be on my case.  I gotta be able to look her in the eye and say, far as I know Art's been true blue."  Hale glances around like a paranoid shoplifter, "If you got something cooking, none of my business ya know, but I wouldn't let Leo get wind of it, could be a bad time to break up.  So, why you hanging around here anyway?  How come you're not running with Leo?"
"Guy who owns this place, we sort of owe him some money.  Figured I'd hang around, work it off while Leo checked things out.  Yeah, we sort of threw our cash together in a little business deal, it bombed, but it's cool, no problem.  Leo wanted to take off and hook up with you guys.  I agreed to stay, you know, kind of like collateral, till she could dig up some local coin."
"Hey, right!  That explains it.  I mean, you know, Beth was getting on your case a little about not being around to back Leo up, and well... ah never mind."
"So," Art inquires casually, "you guys find any treasures or anything?"
"No, the pottery barn we started out with, we got ripped off like the first day.  Since then it's been straight downhill, a free fall actually.  This is a rough town.  Like I said, I think Leo's planning to move on in the morning, you gotta come with us."
"Dude... there's a fortune on the table here--we're talking gold, not script.  Listen, I've just about got Jag talked into putting up the dough for another building around back, like an old west saloon.  These fools love to gamble.  I could get odds on whether the sun will come up tomorrow.  Damn, I wish I had the notebooks from my statistics course."  Art hesitates for a moment to check Hale's reaction.  His attentive silence is a good sign.  Proceeding in hushed tones to heighten the sense of secrecy, he produces a sketch.  "I figure the kitchen, the sit-down dining, I'm thinking like dinner theater, okay, the band here maybe, and the guest rooms around here, right?  All the gambling's in the new building to keep things discreet, quiet, without disturbing the sensitive types.  We'll set up a burger and pizza in there... on second thought maybe that ought to be separate for the kids.  You know, like a McDonald's play room.  Anyway, then I'm thinking maybe Cloe, that's the foxy barmaid, I could set her and a couple of her girlfriends up on the second floor.  And there's a mineral spring I got my eye on, back in the valley.   So I'm thinking maybe a private little health spa where the gentry could unwind.  Hey, and you know how popular bottled water is?"
"I haven't seen any bottles," Hale cautions.
"At this stage," Art assures, "I'm not sweating the details."  This being neither the time nor place for delusions of grandeur, Hale's rapidly coming to realize his buddy has totally lost it.  He doesn't seem to be smashed or stoned, but his brain chemistry is definitely out of balance.  Art just keeps rambling, it's like Economics 101 overload, the grandest plans yet to come.  "I'm telling ya, Hale.  This place could turn into a Vegas.  Once everything's set up and the coin's rolling in, I'm going south till I find some weed.  It's got to be down there somewhere, set up like a plantation.  Would it be great or what?"
"You weren't listening before.  I'm telling ya, there's a whole army out there gunning for us."  Hale begins rubbing his face, desperately hoping to stroke just the right nerve and launch a brilliant counter strategy.  "I've seem them and they're not in a good mood, buddy.  You know Leo isn't going to go for this, and we both know Beth is going to follow her.  I can't just let her wander off into the sunset.  She needs me!"
"I need ya on my ticket too, buddy.  We gotta swing the girls our way."
"Sorry man," Hale concludes as he rises.  "Been a long day, catch ya in the morning.  Think about it hard, 'cause Leo says it's a one-time offer."
Now tapping lightly at Lady Beth's chamber door, Sir Hale announces with reserve, "it's me, hon."  Not but a moment passes before the latch is heard to drop and the door's edge parts from its stout lofty jamb to welcome her brave knight.  Their castle on this cool evening is small and quaint.  The ceiling slopes sharply from four feet above the floor at the outset to a lofty twelve at the pinnacle opposite.  Nestled about midway a single dormer, quite tall and narrow, the shutters of its small glass-less window are open.  A coarse, heavy curtain flops in unison with the rustling leaves.  Of simple decor this private place: a bed, a chair, and a night stand with a water pitcher and basin.  Oh yes, and a mighty chamber pot to stand guard that no tax collector comes near.  The bed's small but suitable for those that each to the other's touch is welcome.  Thick and billowy, a patchwork quilt thereupon, in earthly shades of brown and green to keep them from the crisp evening chill.  Candles, there are three, scattered here and there that each other they may see.  Such small flames, yet their glow warms every surface it lights upon.  Particularly, the soft, subtle, inviting curves and flaxen mane of his Beth, fairest damsel of them all.
Unknown to either, while this simple spell envelops their thoughts, an ambitious moth has found its way into their chamber.  The impassioned insect orbits a candle's flame in anticipation of nirvana.  A perilous journey, the transition is swift.  For the embrace of a candle's light is not so kind as an electric lamp about which they may flutter and be forewarned.  Thankfully, fate's deed is done quite literally in a flash.  Say not this creature was a fool, nor it has found death aside of its desires.  For who would dare to suppose the final dream of a moth is any less than all of ours.  Men have oft done much the same, knowing full well the risk they assume against what treasure they may gain.  What difference then, of Hale caressing his sweet Beth or the moth her loving flame.  Are not both appropriately consumed in ways very much the same?  No palace this, their humble abode, nor fortress mighty to their defense.  But were their bed of the coarsest straw or bound of satins and trimmed in lace, doubtless those consumed as they would care nonetheless.  For 'tis each desiring of the other, as the moth adored her fiery mate.  Now they as well, consumed of passion, that both dare tempt the hand of fate.  A fairy's tale, a fantasy's game, this moment, so intimate and sublime; are they not then as one might wish, in essence, bound by state of mind?
The minstrels have consumed their paychecks and drifted away into the countryside.  The kitchen crew is practicing the fine art of scullery in all its dreary delight.  Jagat's tallying the day's receipts, significantly enhanced one might add by Art's flowering skills.  Hale and Beth are fast asleep, or whatever!  And not but a single customer remains.  He, thinking himself clever as any rocket scientist in subtle negotiation with Cloe; and she, considering an apprenticeship in the local astronaut training program.  Also, lest we forget, the Wannabee remains at his post.  Crouching just outside the kitchen window, that golden coin upon Leona's head dancing whimsically in his dreams.  He remains blissfully unaware of current events whereby that pittance has been redoubled over again nearly seven times.  Just as well perhaps, for him at least, as such a sum might incite a level of foolishness well beyond the limits of his health care provider's insurance plan.
Before presenting the next day's options to her reluctant, presumed partner.  Leona takes Klena aside to reconcile Art's outstanding debts.
As might be expected she declines. "No!  We owe you so much more for the life of our friend."
"In truth, my purpose was purely selfish," Leona asserts.  "There was no thought of others," she insists, though knowing full well otherwise.  "Please, you settled my friend's debt in good coin and saved me much grief, it's only right I do the same."  Leona casts an insistent eye and folds Klena's hand around the silver pieces.  "My imposition on Karn's behalf was more of circumstance and suitably discharged in kind by your noble undertaking to keep Art from harm's way."  An honorable person must concede always that intangible debts should not be mingled with those of coin.
Art's no slacker, at least to his own ends.  He's just concluded a grueling 16-hour day of deal-making, micromanaging, and product development--in his mind the equal of fighting evildoers, seducing maidens and freeing the oppressed.  Floating now into the kitchen to nibble on leftovers, he makes eye contact with his former business partner and CEO of the committee to piss off Lord Roux.  The moment of truth has arrived, she motions him come nigh.  Art's debt having been paid, Mrs. Bose concludes there are topics of a private nature they wish to address.  As many things yet require her touch before the sun rises on the morrow, she bids them good night and takes her leave.
"What happened to the side of your face?"
"Things are heating up," Leona advises.
"Where's your new friend?"
"Trying to get some sleep."
"What's his angle?"
"Lifesaver and tour guide, and I might add thoughts of abandoning people at his own peril seem not to plague his thoughts."
Art picks up on her sarcasm, but chooses not to engage the subject.  "Did you get a room yet or are you staying with him?"
"Not with him," Leona clarifies, "but I'll be in the barn.  If something happens, I don't want to get caught in here.  Barns are easier to get free of."
Art shrugs his apparent understanding, thinking it yet another subject not to dwell upon.  "Looks like your limping, too.
"Some mutt thought I had nice legs, wanted to see if they tasted good as they looked.  If there is such a place, I hope he's in doggie hell now.  Be assured I sent him on his way in lots of little pieces."
Hale was right, she's pissed.  "What do you think of the fries?  These are the regular.  I'm going to work up an extra crispy and a hot and spicy.  Going to try burgers next.  Found a guy who grows tomatoes.  If I can put some ketchup together I'll own this town.  What else is in ketchup?"
"We are... if we get caught, all of us, and if not that our new nick name will be the Dog Food Quartet 'cause we will be fed to his dogs, on the hoof.
"On the hoof?"
"That's slang for alive and kicking.  I think you've misplaced the objective here.  We're not playing Monopoly... the prize isn't an IPO with stock options.  It's your ass, keeping your head on your shoulders, waking up another day, have you got that?"
"Come on Leo... the potential here is unlimited."
"Oh shit... stay then!  Your tab's been paid, do what you want.  Hot and spicy, great idea, but in the morning we're gone."
Art wrinkles up his expression as though some great mystery has been laid at his feet. "Gone where?"
"To search out the exit and finish this game before it finishes me.  There's a shit storm coming down the road, Art.  They all have sharp knives and pointed sticks, and they're running with a pack of dogs that will eat gravel and nails if they're told to.  We've got to get out of Dodge, understand?  Do you remember the game at all?"
"Ya, but--"
"But my ass!  Have you asked anyone for a clue yet?"
"Well yeah, sure... but, I didn't understand it exactly."
"Maybe I will.  What did they say?"
"Didn't make sense," dismissing her challenge with a shrug.  "I just let it slide.  Something about a treasure cave... it was last week."
"Don't be insulting.  If someone had pointed to the ground and said, 'treasure right there,' you'd have dug a hole half way to China by now.  You're not even a good bull shiter any more."  Ev and Edie have learned to ignore just about anything.  They go about the rub-a-dub scrubbing of their pots and the salvaging of leftovers as though this were a minor lover's spat, but neither miss a word.  Leona places both hands to her face and exhales in frustration.  "Look, I got you into this and I'm trying to get you out.  But you've got to contribute.  With Beth and Hale on board I've priorities now, we're out of here at dawn.  If you're coming, get your shit together tonight.  If not, remember this, to get Beth and Hale loose I stomped on this guys balls.  They connect you to me... in any way, even the slightest suspicion, you're the ketchup."  Her ultimatum sends Art on his way in a sobering state of mind.
Ev attempts to lift the spirits, "Cup a tea, milady?"
"Yes, that would be nice, thank you."
Tea and honeyed cornmeal cakes are soon before her, served up with a generous helping of concern.  "Is the dork misbehaving again?  Would there be anything we might help ya with, dear?"
"I've inquired to many," she sighs.  "But nary a one knows the House of Iris."
"The gals look to each other with sorrowful expressions, shaking their heads negatively in unison.
"Or anyplace having to do with rainbows," she continues.
"Rainbows!  Well now, there was a sisterhood of that calling," Edie advises with glee.  To this ray of hope Leona perks up, teacup and honey cake in hand.  "Long gone they are now u'm thinking," Edie continues on a downbeat.
"I don't think it's important that I speak with any of them," Leona qualifies. "Only that I find the place where they were."
"Me dear Mom took me there once," Edie admits with a sly glance.  "Threatened she'd leave me if I didn't soon mend my ways.  And them being the sort didn't like men folk, not at all!  There was sure to be no lads about that place to tickle a maiden's fancy," she adds with am mischievous smile.  "Them days lads was sparse, was bad enough ya couldn't hardly find'em anywhere."  Sweeping half a century of cobwebs from Edie's recollections, separating fact from fable and interpreting her directions was a chore.  In the midst of the confusion Leona dashes out to the barn, there to retrieve the map Art had drawn from the old woman's descriptions at the game's onset.  Hesitating for a moment, she wonders if Karn has fallen asleep.  The unpleasant task of their parting yet remains.  She has not a clue--will he resist or welcome the opportunity, for she is likely the more desired prize of the two?
With Art's sketch now to guide, much of Edie's childhood memories are clarified.  In essence, she would have them returning to the general local where first they began, some two days west of the Brobose.  Then as now, the population in the subject area was scant, roads were few and villages far between.  In all likelihood such will favor her pursuits.  A prevalent deception of the gaming world is to hide a treasure where the search first began.  Most will likely assume a quest not end at its inception.  Thus, the tendency of those who seek to quickly disperse protects the prize.  This also confirms the wisdom of brother Jahnis, "home is where you began".  With that she has at last defined a hard target.
His patience amply rewarded as well, the Wannabee's off to expose their plans and earn his golden parachute.
With this good fortune to stir her dreams, Leona retreats to the barn.  Much of the hay is fresh cut and still sweetly scented, reminiscent of times past when she first explored the secrets of her grandfather's barn.  Awkward as it may be with what they've come through, still Karn must be informed their ways are better parted.  He's chosen a resting-place at the rear of the loft about midway within the building.  Near at hand a small door for loading hay from the back of a wagon.  A concealed and speedy exit should unwelcome visitors rush from the loft accesses at either end.  A fair amount of fodder has accumulated there below to soften an emergency departure.  Only the faintest traces of the new moon's light have found their way to his bed.  Without his voice to guide, likely she could not have found her way.
"Do you trust me, sir?"  Leona inquires, a serious cord lingering with her words.
A tone, he suspects, implies more than the words themselves.  "Yes, with my life."
"Then trust that I know what can and cannot be... and I know we cannot.  In the morning I and my friends must go our way... and you yours, separately.  Swear to me you will not follow."
"This is a difficult task you've set as I've come to value your company."
"Please! I beg you trust my judgment"
"If I've learned nothing else 'tis your course once set shall not be swayed.  I so swear."
"I would also ask of you a last favor."
"As you would, milady."
"Stick, the fellow who provided the fresh team, when it's convenient, seek him out.  If you can spare him some coin for me.  It would have been so easy had he chosen to cash me in, but he didn't.  I feel I owe him at least the price that was on my head."
"Would anything else please milady before we part?"
A silent moment of reflection passes, then, she replies softly, "Well... now that you mention it!"
--
Before morning a fair amount of straw has found its way between the planks of the loft and settled to the floor.  Thus, one might suspect both had spent a restless night.  Leona, in anticipation of her journeys end; and Karn, perhaps distraught at her request their partnership be dissolved.  Or perchance 'twas a stormy night and the building shuttered under the strain of howling winds.  There are many reasons straw might be dislodged so from above, these are but two.  Only the invited or those not ask to leave, speaking now of the doves nesting in the rafters above, may say for sure.  For certainly, it would be improper were any but they, and thus not I who should speculate upon or compromise The Lady of Durer's privacy.
Cool and cloudy appears the forecast as Lady Beth and her knight ponder the breakfast menu Ev has just recited.  Hale's the easier to please, a heap of each will do.  But Beth, ever concerned of her architecture and wishing not a single ounce be out of place, is back to calorie counting, whatever they are.  Art's not to be seen as yet.  Though somewhat misled in his goals at the moment, Hale feels a need to defend his buddy's position, at least so far as Beth's obvious misunderstandings.  "You've got it all wrong about Art," Hale informs his fair lady.  "You need to cut him some slack.  I don't think you know the whole story.  He's stuck here, kind of like a deposit.  That's why --"
"Wanna bet!"  Uh-oh! Sir Hale knows such challenges are only based upon irrefutable evidence.  In other words, Leona herself has leveled the charge.  "Hon... I know you guys are a team, best buddies and all that.  But, you know how creative Art can be, especially when it comes to rearranging facts and misplacing details.  I got the unabridged version.  On this occasion your buddy's been a total dick-head!  He's not even on probation, there's no going back, he's off the team."
"Ah come on.  They always work it out; they need each other."
"They! get real will ya.  I don't ever remember a 'they' kind of relationship.  Really stepped on his twinkler this time."  Beth drops the bomb without further explanation, but it's as much a contrived last-ditch diplomatic effort as the truth.  Art's shenanigans have always been forgiven or at least courteously ignored.  Sadly, 'tis a narrative he's come to rely upon.  If Hale can be made to appreciate Leo is drop-dead serious, maybe he can wake his buddy up before it's too late.  "You wanna do Art a really big favor, make him understand this is it, his last chance.
Leona's composure fares noticeably lighter this dew-laden morning.  Beth, ever so inquisitive, is quick to notice.  The stage was set and opportunity at hand, has she done the deed, the doves will never tell.  It would be so like Beth to tease, But she asks instead with only a smile, so coy and yet distinct.  Leona knows what inquiry her friend has made and appreciates it was discreet.  As might a faint breeze sigh, thus known to those alone who've crossed its silent path.  That no untruth might need be told nor chance of whispered innuendo overheard.  Such things as these, better left to lie.  Leona takes her friend aside, drawing near to whisper.  Beth's tickled, the payoff, a confirmation at last, but 'tis not what she thought to hear.
"Karn's not coming," Beth repeats dismayingly.  "After all this?"
"He's not one of the original players," Leona defends.  "You know he can't come back with us."
"So?  He could still tag along."
"Yeah, and what if we arrive at the exit point in the middle of a confrontation?  We fight our way in because once there we could escape, but he can not follow.  He'd be there to support us and we'd have no option but to abandon him.  I won't chance that.  I refuse to put anyone in that position.  What if it's not a game?"
"Are you still on that?"
"Beth... I honestly can't tell... especially right now.
Beth, now playing the devil's advocate, inquires coyly.  "Maybe if Art decides to stay, would you trade him for Art if you could?"
"If that were possible, it's not a game... is it?  If I thought not... I'd give it some damn serious consideration, but I want it to be a game 'cause if it's not we've got big problems.  So, that option's not on the table... just yet... and I don't want to talk about it again, okay?"
"Fiddlesticks," Beth exclaims with a pout.  Speaking of the devil, here comes one now, Arther, self appointed CEO of MICROREALM INC.  Though somewhat timid in his approach for such a high level VIP, but nonetheless reporting for duty.  Deep down, Beth knows pushing Hale to sway Art from his foolish antics was the right thing to do, even if it did botch her matchmaking mischief.  On the other hand, neither does she harbor any guilt of encouraging her best friend to put a different slant on the meaning of fantasy.  Could have been interesting, the clever grin of a Cheshire cat slinking across her face.
In parting, Leona takes Klena aside, "If any ask of us, don't deny it.  None will inquire lest they already know, so it makes no difference, you understand?  They're trying to catch you in a lie," she warns.  "Tell them that because of what happened last time I was here you feared for your life and felt it unwise not to cooperate."
Beth has curled up in her nest of down and Art is about to begin his apprenticeship as cart driver.  Handshakes and hugs a plenty have primed all for their last glimpse of each other.  As this mysterious group of new friends slips away into the morning mist, Karn shares his thoughts with Jagat.  "I fear for her... and her friends."
"Take heart, milord," Jagat consoles.  "From what I've seen and what you've told me, I well imagine 'tis a wolverine that parts of our company, the foolish rabbit chasing after."

Chapter-15

FIND THE WAY HOME: A HOLE IN THE GROUND,
A HOLE IN THE AIR,
I CARE NOT WHICH SO LONG AS IT'S THERE.

Half a day along, the village hosting the dragon chaser's convention comes again to view.  Sleepy and sparse of grand activities now, alas it seems the crowds and hype of that noble undertaking have run out of free food and excuses to avoid their chores.  A great amount of debris remains along the roadside.  For these folk, the economic impact was surely on a par with the likes of Hoboken hosting the Olympics.  Locating the business hub is a simple matter, one need only follow the constant pinging of the iron smith's hammer.  There, adjacent to the sprawling barn accompanying his forge, one encounters an assemblage of open-ended shanties, storage sheds and temporary sheltered stalls.  Spread thereabout generous quantities of produce along with potions, pet ferrets, goats and implements of every endeavor, honorable and otherwise.  Four walls of coarse wooden planks and a floor of straw define the village tavern.  So much thatch heaped thereupon as to resemble a haystack with four large double wide doors.  Basic, simple and practical, atmosphere seems not their forte.  Several varieties of high octane hooch their bill of fare, spiced with dragon tales and generous portions of country lore, that being remarkably similar in many ways to the steaming cow pies in the pens around back next to the chicken coops.
Arriving as they have at the height of the afternoon rush hour, the final frantic spurt of jabber and haggling is at its peak before the market closes for the day.  On an encouraging note, no civil authorities appear to be present.  Most sellers are re-packing their wares, or having done so, gathered around the food court--a cluster of stalls with cooking pits and stone ovens.  Only one diehard continues to vie for new, unengaged customers.  He dances about with all sorts of vivid expressions upon his face while tapping out a rhythm on several earthenware crocks.  Two young maidens all in smiles are quite taken by his antics, and so long as they stay, likely so shall he.
An energetic gaggle of children have gathered about a puppeteer's stage anxiously awaiting the main event of their entire day.  Their attention's hopelessly held fast by a colorfully dressed lad who prances about playing a tune upon his flute.  "Ha!"  Several jump and explode into giggles as a funny little character has suddenly appeared as though to peek from between the stage's drawn curtains.  Slowly it scans the audience of youngsters, all of whom have become wide-eyed and absolutely silent in anticipation.  The marionette waves to the children, then, just as quickly disappears amid a flourish of silly laugher.  Their restless chatter and frolic begins anew and the flautist resumes his antics while behind the tiny stage preparation continues.
Transients customarily find themselves having at least half a strike against them.  Leona has cautioned all to avoid anything even remotely suggesting of conflict, wagers or alcohol.  Even so, the very nature of their transportation precludes a low profile.  The smith is first to wonder, why two horses for a cart so small as that?   Stranger still, a peasant's transport carried upon costly springs of iron and such large wheels too?  They could easily bridge a rut that would cause most wagons to flounder.  Not to mention, that which is painted to remain well hidden in the forest stands out like a sore thumb without the company of trees and shadow.  Everything about it reeks of military surplus though no such concept has yet come to be.  Leona takes note of their curiosity, but feels confident having their escape mechanism immediately at hand is wiser than parking it out of sight where it might be pilfered.
She can practically hear the wheels turning in Art's head as they scope out the village.  This is his first exposure to the population beyond the Brobose Inn.  Likely he envisions a strip mall with an adjacent medical annex right across from the condos.  A not too out-of-the-way spot is chosen to disembark.  Leona takes Hale aside.  "Here's how it shakes out," she explains.  "If I leave Beth here she'll attract too much attention.  Guys start flocking around, showing off at each other's expense, next thing ya know we have a minor riot."  Hale concedes the probability with a nod.  "I can't trust Art here alone and I need to check the place out firsthand.  Then there's still the question of your knee.  I know it feels better, but wandering around on foot for several hours isn't going to improve it.  So you and Art have got the watch."
"No problem," he replies in a confident tone one could attribute to a soldier with a mission.
"Feed and water the horses.  Keep mine tethered to the back of the cart so it will follow if you have to take off.  We don't want people to think we feel threatened, so keep the bows out of sight, but handy.  If Art tries to wander away, remind him his ass is grass if he abandons me again.
Beth is sprucing up for her first public appearance; whereas Art can see there's a discussion in progress from which he feels excluded.  He decides to crash the conference.
"Looks like a cool little town," he beams.  "Are we going to stay for a while?
"I've been here before; there are no rooms available.  I want to be at least a couple hours out of here before we settle in for the night.  You and Hale stay with wheels."
"Ah shit! I want to look around, too."
"Don't start!  This is recon, not sight-seeing.  I want you right here," she insists.  "Beth and I are going to ask around and gather up some takeout.  Be ready to leave in a rush."  She hands Art the dagger and boot knife confiscated from Doran back at the hunting lodge.  "These are sharp as razors, don't play with them.  Keep them handy, you may find them useful before this is over with."
"Knives?"
"Art," she cautions quietly, "stay here... don't cross me!"
Lady Beth looks quite chic in trousers, basic fur, leather, and pheasant feathers.  Among her new appointments a pair of soft doeskin gloves.  With great effort and these to aid she can set the crossbow string on her own.  Now with a tensed crossbow slung over her shoulder, in spite of her pint size, menacing chic is perhaps the more appropriate classification.  Leona motions her come nigh, adding a silver-handled dagger to her belt.  "For close quarters, leave the dart in your bag.  Have you got a couple extra?"  She flashes three dainty leather-clad fingers and a smile.  Locked, but not loaded, the ladies are off to seek the House of Iris.
Beth spots a group of Adonis-class lads, and they in turn have taken an interest in her effervescent maidenly qualities.  The trousers originally fitted to suit a lad of perhaps age 14 and drawn tight about her waist are a standout feature.  Likely as not, they've failed to notice the somewhat out-of-place projectile-transporting device in her company.  As though to gain a measure of permission to raid the cookie jar, she nudges Leona.  "There are some guys; I'll ask them, okay?"
"No!" Their eyes lock.
"How's come?" she flashes back.
"They're at least three generations removed from what we need to know.  Your assignment is the grandmothers and Medicare types.  I'll work the geezers."
She sharpens her focus on Leona and mumbles.  "Bummer!" 
"Whatever!  You know we can't play around here, this isn't downtown Atlanta.  Your opening line is: 'Did they catch the dragon?'  Everyone should have something to say about that.  Once you break the ice, BS your way into the topic of choice, which is?"
"Sisters of the Rainbow!"
"Right, or?"
"The House of Iris," Beth frowns sarcastically.
"Let's rock and roll!"
During the course of their inquiries, everyone being an expert now, much is learned about the art of dragon-hunting.  Aside from the unfortunate mutt, however, it seems no further sign of the creature surfaced.  Nearly all activities were abandoned when the large, wagon-mounted acid tank self-destructed.  Apparently the vent atop the vessel became clogged allowing pressure to build from within causing it to fracture.  Fortunately the iron bands held the crock together long enough for the deadly fluid to seep slowly from the cracks.  
As to the House of Iris, only one old soul harbored any recollection at all, declaring with absolute certainly that the group had disbanded at least forty or fifty years ago.
For lack of disposable plates the takeout idea is abandoned.  Thus, the guys have been rescued from the fringes, cart and all brought around to the open-air food court.  Roast duck with carrots, sweet potatoes and onions the main course; supplemented with fresh black bread, an apple pie baked on the spot and a fair measure of the local ale.  At this rate Hale's hard-won slimmed-down physique will remain only as one of Beth's brief, but fond memories.  Pity Art also, who dreams of peddling French fries and burgers.  How misdirected that he wishes to cast this coarse, but unspoiled world into the muck which would evolve into fast food?
Nothing like traveling unpaved roads upon a primitive cart to appreciate the hazards of overeating.  An hour of belching beyond the village they happen upon the crumbling skeleton of the failed acid transport.  The crock has settled amid what remains of the wagon from which it once threatened all who dared come near.  Heavy oak planks have been reduced to mush by the corrosive fluid.  Not but the skeletons of axles and wheels endure, flanking either side of the giant ceramic jar.  Thick bands once encircling the vessel have unraveled and fallen away as though struck by a cutting torch.  None care even to salvage what metal remains for fear their hands would catch fire at the touch of it.  Surrounding foliage has been scorched to a distorted lifeless brown tangle.  One can see clearly which path the wind had chosen when the meltdown occurred.  A thirty-foot swath of crops has withered for a hundred feet along the deadly vapor's course.  Only technology gone wrong dares produce such an ominous memento.  Fortunately, the vile broth has been swallowed and neutralized by the ever accommodating earth.  Had the flow reached a nearby creek, those country folk downstream and their livestock would have suffered tragically.  Bureaucratic folly has no peer and no concern of its pawns.
A thicket heavily burdened beneath a canopy of rambling grapevines conceals the travelers this night.  Art considers the lot of his friends to be suffering acute paranoia, but then, his has been a sheltered life.  Constant watchfulness and this business of spending the night hidden like a rabbit in the brier patch, seems extreme.  For fear of nightmares, Beth has skirted any detailed narration of Roux's hospitality.  Thus deprived, Art fails to appreciate his traveling companion's concern.
Before the watch is assigned, Art receives a refresher course on crossbow mechanics, stern warnings as to the consequences of failing to perform his duties and a firm reminder he and Leona are hereafter just friends.  In essence, amorous advances in the late hours will be treated less than cordially.  Oh yes, and also the proper procedure for calming the horses should they become alarmed by the presence of wolves during the night.
"Wolves... did you say wolves?" he repeats.  "It's just--"
"A game," Leona consoles with a sarcastic smile.
"Yeah!"
"Hope you're right."
A curious thing to say, he wonders.  The thought of Art watching her back imparts not a warm and fuzzy feeling.  She will no doubt sleep poorly because of it.  Thus, he's assigned the first cycle, being more or less an extension of the day's activities.  She and Hale will take the second and third respectfully, Beth the last, as she has been catching kitten naps all day anyway.  Each shall abide two turns of the hourglass before the breakfast tea is set to boiling.
Always pleased to announce a new sunrise, the birds serenade as remnants of roast duck serve for breakfast.  Soon again upon their fated course they chance upon an old codger, white of beard, thin as his walking stick, weathered and worn as a favorite pair of shoes that hardly dare take another step.  He trudges along the roadside at the pace of a snail on a sight-seeing holiday.  Leona offers this country gentlemen wishes of a good day, benefit of their transport and an apple.  He's quick to accept, whereupon the guys are enlisted to boost him up and set him upon the tailgate.  A merry chatterbox soon proves he and in his eyes an endless sparkle of glee.  Stories and proverbs from the mundane to the intriguing flow like Champaign and tantalize nonetheless.  Beth's delighted, he's more entertaining than late-night talk TV.  All is served in a spicy dialect with occasional chuckles from one whose entire agenda is but to rise for another day.
Still, with his vast array of local lore, he had not the slightest recollection of that which they seek.  And so it is, least till his misadventures turn to tales of a great house upon a hill occupied only by wild wenches.  "Did everything themselves.  Any fella would come 'round they'd sling stones at'em."  As a young lad he would sneak up to their castle, cautiously climb a trusty oak adjacent to the wall and watch while they danced naked around a great bonfire when the moon came full.  "Always had flowers in their hair and 'least one of'em playing on reed pipes, even when they tended their fields.  Everyone thought'em shy as mice," he relates with coy mischievous delight.  "Some called'em witches, too.  Chased me out'a their orchard more than once, tell ya for sure, biggest sweetest apples I ever seen."
"Hey Leo!" Beth calls out excitedly.  "Didn't you say this rainbow place was strictly sorority, no guys allowed?"  A spark of good fortune this, for it seems Beth has turned a card in their favor, and thus, an excellent excuse to take a dinner break.  For surely time has come to wine and dine this cheery old fellow like the royalty he is, while carefully cultivating his cobweb laced memories for clues to their objective.
These maidens, it turns out were a major highlight of his youth.  As one boldly recalling their very first kiss the old fellow recites details likely long forgotten by those to whom they were not but an oddity.  Still clearly can he discern the outline of those forbidding parapets against a starlit sky, the subtle lute and drumbeats from within, and the smoke of their evening fires aglow with swirling sparks as it rose into view above those enticing walls.  Irresistibly it pulled upon his imagination, subtle invitations no inquiring lad could deny.  Thus, were the ethereal images of naked maidens frolicking in the moon's soft glow forever thereupon bestowed.  Witches perchance or forest nymphs, hidden form all but those bold enough there to go, reserved as it were for the youthful eyes of this beholder of dreams yet to know.  Adolescence curiosity or a voyeur some might say, but was it that he dared not to tell, or thus beguiled and so enticed he could not turn away?  So long as they dwelled within, their secrets to himself he kept, till they had gone far away, a loss so great the young lad wept.  Never were they forgotten though, not even as he slept, and when at last their confidence he dared betray, none would take him seriously nor believe a word he'd say.  Their castle, if indeed it was, a memory steeped in sweet white wine, residing atop a wooded bluff that none but those who magic seek might find.  'Tis there it remains to this very day, tending an old fellow's fantasies that they dull not nor ever slip away.  Quietly sleeping, these precious thoughts, until again he's come upon this near forgotten road.  Where Iris, Olympia's enticing maiden of the rainbow has come to set her humble abode.
Portions of cornmeal, rice, a share of brandy and the finest apples remaining of their inventory are presented in appreciation of his valuable consultation.  Soon thereafter he takes his leave, going by way of a footpath none but he has ever seen, to no apparent destination aside of the forest--so splendid, dark and green.
Now knowing their objective to be on high ground south of the main road, they proceed enthusiastically seeking two stone pillars.  These presumably the height of a man, or at least so they were 70 years ago.  About noon the next day the approach comes to their attention.  Nearly undetectable except by those possessed of an old man's remembrance, and of course, with life and limb at risk.  All that survives of the access road are two out-of-place parallel drainage ruts, these likely the result of runoff following wagon tracks over the many years it existed.  But for the old storyteller, none would take note of two insignificant heaps of rock now almost indistinguishable beneath a carpet of vines and fallen leaves.  Any space once cleared then neglected is by default subject to the unwritten law of weeds, which states:  Ever place a seed may find, in due time, a weed shall grow.  Thus, upon rich forest earth long since unattended, the sun's light has spawned an impassable array of heavy brush and eager stout young trees.  The adjacent woodland itself is more manageable as the canopy having blocked most of the light has disallowed any major accumulation of heavy brush.  Non-the-less 'tis an arduous trek for the cart from roadside to ruins through the forest proper.  They are obliged to zigzag and backtrack if the cart is to follow, which it must, or risk betraying their location were if left at the roadside.  The way in, being as well the way out, presents an uncomfortable last-stand situation were they discovered at their task.
They behold not quite the spectacle one would anticipate from the old gentlemen's description.  Though obviously a grand undertaking, the primary construction material is something akin to adobe mud bricks.  What stone was used appears the gathered natural variety, most of which has been incorporated as pavers for the courtyard or parapet caps to protect the surrounding perimeter wall from erosion.  Even so, great portions of the construction have dissolved and crumbled, some areas reduced to mounds of earth and gravel.  Much of what remains vertical has been transformed into micro gardens covered with mosses and grass.  Hale has managed the cart to within twenty yards of a large opening in the wall.  If ever there were gates, nothing yet remains.  A great clump of multiflora rose has risen in their stead.  So dense and tangled are the briers their transport may not pass further lest they invest half the day to hack their way through.
This House of Iris chimes a familiar tone.  Almost as soon as the remnants come to view Leona recognizes it as the ruin Art discovered while supposedly searching for their misplaced steed.  Though of no concern then, a hostile merger with the forest is under way.  They disembark, wading into the dense thorny foliage.  Announcing displeasure at this invasion of their turf, a flock of crows hasten into the forest upon outstretched ebony sails.
"We've got about two hours of reasonable light," Leona estimates.  "I'm going to take a quick look around.  Leave the horses hitched till I get back.  Art, you round up some kindling--nothing damp, we don't want any smoke.  Bring it in here behind the wall so the fire won't be broadcasting our location.  Hale, you and Beth start laying out the canopy.  Keep an eyes and ears toward the road."
"On the cart or the ground?" Hale inquires judiciously. 
"The ground within the walls," she clarifies.  "This has got to be the place, so we're going to be here as long as it takes.  May as well be comfortable."  Taking notice that Art is having a deja-vu moment, she preempts before he can ask.  "Yes!  We've been here before.  You dug up part of the backyard, remember?"
Art quietly cusses the clouds for a moment then returns a sarcastic expression.  "Hey, you know, aft--"
"I don't wanna hear it," she quietly reminds.  "Just be glad you got back in one piece.  The game has to play out.  If it hadn't gone the way it did, Beth and Hale would have been screwed big time.  Besides, lacking an interface with the local population there would be no clues to tell us what we were searching for.  So for now just deal with the wood, okay?"  He frowns and exits to gather kindling wisely without attempting further comment. 
For her part now, within her own mind she must secure the ruin.  Immediate concerns: is this really the place they seek?  Is it defensible?  What are the escape options if they need be quick away?  Keeping the perimeter wall just in sight, she sets her mare at a trot and rides in a wide sweep through the surrounding forest.  Squirrels bark as they bound away and scoot up their favorite oak into the canopy's refuge.
She's grateful for their trust and acceptance, considering she's taken to assigning duties as one issues commands rather than requests to the best of friends.  A fierce sense of survival has pervaded her identity and she fears it may have become tainted with arrogance.  Though none question, nor aside of Art, ever object, still behind this lady's piercing eyes there lingers concern they may lament.
Within the ruin, trees erupt from beneath the courtyard's paving, some rising 40 feet from where they've sprouted.  Heavy stone slabs have been gradually pushed aside like a child's toy building blocks.  Segments remain of an archway once spanning the entry portal, they jut out toward each other from either side atop the wall.  Faint traces of applied colors may still be seen thereupon.  A different one to each of several concentric rings in the same relationship as those of the spectrum.  They've found the end of their rainbow, not so yet the elusive pot of gold.
Leona scales a ragged breach in the wall; the bricks softened by exposure to the elements crumble under the slightest pressure.  Certainly persistence is one of her virtues and she soon gains the high ground.  Fruit trees don't grow nearly as tall as the pines and oaks of the forest.  Thus, her perch affords a fine view over what remains of the forsaken brier infested orchard planted on the adjacent slope.  The gypsy's wagon she and Art awoke in at the game's onset still sits amid the meadow just beyond.  There appears a child in attendance now, and a dog, and the faint glimmer of a cooking fire to keep them.
The front court is perhaps 50 yards wide and 70 or 80 from the gateway to the hermitage.  The centerpiece is an open cistern surrounded by a thick stone wall about two feet high.  At first it appears as a large rectangular bowl of guacamole.  Closer examination reveals the surface to be an entanglement with millions of tiny floating plants two leaf plants  Somewhere within its depths there must exist a spring as water trickles from overflows on either side into thoroughly clogged drainage basins.  In fact, the spring's location is probably what determined the building site.  Gardens of moss sprouting from between the paving stones are very appreciative of the little plants which have overpowered the drains allowing the excess to dampen their domain.  A wide sweep across the surface to clear a view is quickly overwhelmed when the plants rush back upon the wake to fill every gap.  The quick glimpse afforded by her effort reveals a world steeped in darkest emerald green.  Clear and ten to twelve feet from the dense blanket of green floating upon the surface to a dark mat of decaying sediment covering the bottom.  Disturbing the surface allows rear beams of shimmering light to flood through her momentary observation portal, an unknown phenomenon in this cloistered world.  Startled by her intrusion and though unseen, crayfish scurry away backward causing little clouds of silt to rise in their wake.  
A collapsed drainage conduit just below the paving appears to have routed any overflow to a series of shallow rectangular pits.  Reminiscent of Roman style plumbing, these could have been for bathing.  Now filled of windblown sediment and organic debris the basins present a brackish paradise for mosquitoes, tadpoles and dragonflies.  Even cattails have found their way upon the wind, a tribute to nature's relentless quest that no opportunity shall remain unfulfilled.  The shaded, ever damp area between the basins and adjacent wall has sprouted a fine crop of toadstools--these of a sort dispensed only by orange and purple stripped Cheshire cats.  Some stand eight inches tall, slender oblong domes of pale apricot hue with fringes of faintest lavender upon stout irregular brown trunks.  Beth has found them entrancing.  For a boutique darling she has taken considerable interest in Mother Nature's workings of late.
"Bet you could get a fortune for those on the west coast," she remarks as Leona approaches.
"Don't even think about it," her guardian cautions, "this is not a remake of 'Alice in Wonderland'".
"Definitely not my cup of tea," Beth assures.  "This place is freaky enough without blowing your mind."
Thick round stone slabs raised upon pedestals stand about twenty feet from the cistern, one adjacent to each side.  Care and wisdom are shown in the construction of their supports, as stones the weight of these, once raised, are better done with forevermore.  Altars, birdbaths perhaps or dining tables--which might they be?  Each now hosts thick accumulations of decomposing leaves, moss, and tufts of clover.
Thirty yards beyond the cistern are the remains of a large simple building, fifty feet across and sixty or more in length.  Walls nearly twenty feet high run along the sides, then rise more than thirty feet at the ends to what had been the roof's peak.  No longer protected thereby, the thick mud-brick confines will soon dissolve just as those skirting the courtyard have.  What remains of the doors has come to not under a relentless siege of termites and wood bores.  Leona ventures in.  No interior walls remain, only two rows of closely spaced brick columns dividing the space into three corridors.  A single wide opening in the far wall appears the only other exist.  Few of the main roof beams yet prevail, poles in fact and likely of locus.  They still gallantly span from wall to column then cantilevered over top toward what had been the roof's ridge.  All else has come loose and collapsed into the interior.  Being of cedar, the poles that had crossed between the beams as purloins remain strewn about like so much spaghetti.  Insects sorely detest the fragrant red wood; they will have no part in its demise.  Remnants of wooden mezzanines, once upheld between the walls and the interior columns appear to have extended along either side for the entire length of the building.  Sleeping rooms one might imagine, now but a dense heap of crumbling debris scattered the length on either side of the perimeter.  Slits about four feet high and six inches wide in the wall's upper portion would appear to have served as windows.  As there are none at the ground floor level, one could suppose they had security issues.  Aside from the few flecks of paint observed on the remains of the archway, adornments there are not.  The ruin would be adequate in its dimensions to support from 40 to 50 individuals.  Might one imagine this a place populated entirely by females where vanity did not exist?
Hale joins Leona to report their status.  "Not much left, is there?" he observes casually.
"Mostly dirt," Leona admits with a sigh.
"Tent's up, tea's on, notice anyone else around?"
She shakes her head negatively, "not even a hint of a fire."  They advance through the doorway at the structure's far end.  This exits into the rear court where Art had conducted his treasure-hunting expedition.  The area warrants further scrutiny now for much more than plunder is at risk.  Two heavy low stone slabs are the prominent features, their top faces worked flat and smooth.  One yet has a stout weathered locust post embedded into the center and a slight circular depression worn into the surface.  Likely the post once hosted an axle and grinding wheel.  The other stone is undercut along two opposite sides and has a basin scooped from its center.  There within a deeper circular ring has been carefully fashioned; a trough leads from there to the edge.  Probably the foundation of a fruit press for cider and wine.  A roof then to keep then dry, a wall thereabout to keep them safe, a fine spring to keep them clean, their daily bread, and a cup of wine--mechanisms of a life so simple, yet when among friends no less divine.
Art and Beth join them.  "Don't we have a magic spell or something for this?"  Beth pleads.  "I mean really, isn't that what all this is about anyway?  Who's in charge of the magic here, huh?"
"I haven't seen any yet," Leona admits, "except maybe my blade, and I'm not really sure about that.  I figured it must be your turn," she teases, casting a smirk to Beth.
"Me?  No one told me we were taking turns."  She points with her thumb.  "Art's the one who always gets into the magic stuff." 
"Yeah, I thought so too," Leona agrees.  Both the girls look in Art's direction; he declines to comment.  "Must be Hale then," Leona continues.
"Trust me, he's not... weellll sometimes!" Beth concedes, coyly.  "But that's different."
Leona smiles at Beth's quick pickup and ever teasing implications.  The crew retreats to the tent where Leona then flatly states the findings of her impromptu survey.  "Guys, bottom line, I don't think we have any abracadabra up our collective sleeves for this situation."
"Bummer," Beth mumbles as she daintily dispenses tea.
Art contemplates another cup of the clear amberish liquid.  "Tea again," he grumbles.
Leona casts a sarcastic glance his way.  An ever present tension prevails.  "I don't like it much either, would have preferred Red Bulls" she concedes. "Needed something with caffeine and this stuff was the closes thing to an upper I could find.  Next Wi-Fi expresso bar, we'll pull over and get you some coffee."
"That'd be nice," Beth adds with a yearning drawl, "and a cake donut, too, umm."  Leona immediately refocuses her attention on Beth.  "But I like tea, too," Beth quickly defends.  Art glances toward Hale for backup.  Beth notices and fires a preemptive glance across Hale's bow.  Though at times he may seem not, Hale's no fool, he sips his tea and replies with only a smile.
"Okay, enough about the tea and our shortage of wizard's work.  Shall we give logic a go?"  The others shrug in apparent agreement.  "The good news first.  A couple fellows I met told me home was where you first began.  These guys were like monks, so their input could be taken from a philosophical point of view.  But as I just mentioned, the wagon Art and I started out in is sitting in the field just down the hill, other side of the orchard a ways.  So this is pretty close to where we started and kind of backs up their contribution.  When the rules were explained, I got the feeling the route back was the same for all of us.  The bad news is, if you take what they said literally, this spot may only work for me and Art.  I hope not, but we have to consider that the answer could be relative to the person asking the question."  She looks despairingly toward Beth.  "And you guys came in at a different point."
Alarms begin to sound as unpleasant images stream across Beth's mind.  The secure comforting feeling of Leona's presence dissipates like a flash of steam.  Prospects that she and Hale may need to find their way back to the pottery shop and search out their own personal exit is terrifying at best.  She looks about to burst into tears.  Hale has detected the soft quick ratcheting of her breathing and takes firm hold of her for whatever good it may do.  Failing to realize how seriously Beth has come to rely upon even the most casual of her observations; Leona appears to have just about scared her half to death with a passing thought.  "Hold on, I didn't mean to be so morbid," she consoles, then quickly backpedaling.  "Look on the bright side.  It could just as well mean there's more than one exit for all of us."  She grabs Beth's hand and squeezes.  "I'm not going anywhere without you," she assures.
"I know," Beth mutters softly; 
"Remember the little old gal at the prison, the one who brought you the apple?"  Beth nods with a cautious glance, as to remind, don't forget the guys are listening.  "When I asked, she pointed us both to this place.  She didn't say I had to go north and you had to go south, right?"
"I'll buy that.  Okay, so now what's the bad news?"  Leona hesitates. "Come on, I'm cool," Beth insists.  "Let's hear it."
"I think it was more an observation than a clue, but the old Alchemist that helped me with the counterfeiting said he thought I was already home, like this was it."
"Wait a minute," Hale intrudes.  "The deal was we got round-trip tickets, right?"
"Pretty much the way I took it, too.  So let's finish this."
Beth wrinkles her nose with an inquisitive look.  "What counterfeiting?"
"Thought I told you; I paid the ransom.  Gold-plated lead counterfeits; they looked really good.  Invested three actual gold coins to make them too.  No one caught me on it, but the bastards still wouldn't let both you guys loose.  Local technology isn't exactly up to speed, believe me it was a rush.  That's why I was so close to the wire getting back."
Beth stomps her foot harshly, turns round, and whacks Hale on the shoulder hard as she can.  "See!" she squeaks adamantly.  Hale cringes expecting another swat, looks guilty as sin, and appears to be changing color.  Apparently while vacationing in the hoosegow there was an unresolved discussion which the matter of counterfeiting has somehow clarified, and Beth's just had the last word.  Nothing like whooping up on Hale to quell a panic attack.  There future together may be bright, but Hale's is probably going to be a little black and blue too.  Beth returns her undivided attention to Leona with an assuring expression.
"I'm not even going to ask," Leona muses.  Dusk is upon them; thus, the ruin has fallen into heavy shadows.  Little good would come of beginning the investigation now as important elements could easily be overlooked.  What remains of their day is allocated to boiling the rice and beans for dinner and planning the morning's assault.
"Okay guys listen up," Leona abides compellingly.  "First solid hint comes from the little old gal I confiscated from those clowns that tried to con Art.  She said, 'Look to yourself then take one step more.'  I know... sounds funky, but I have to imagine it means something solid... tangible, physical--something that looks the same to all of us.  At least for starters, we need to dismiss the psycho babble and take a hard-target approach.  Discussion please... what does it mean?"
"Look to yourself, a picture," Hale suggests with a shrug.
"No such thing as photography around here yet," Leona counters.  "So, It would need to be art."
"Huh, what?"  Art responds, not surprisingly, as though having just rejoined them from another planet.
"Not you... I mean artwork like a painting," Leona clarifies, following up with a sip of stiff tea to wash the thought down.  "But that would require a picture of all ten players, right?  'Cause any one of us could find it."
Everyone else must be nearby then," Beth proposes, "but I don't think I've seen any of the other players besides us, which is kind of spooky.  Or maybe their just not recognizable, I don't know."
"How about a reflection," Hale continues, "like a mirror?"
"Perfect!" Leona exclaims.  "Hale, you're on it, dude; that would suit anyone, and everyone, and any combination, too."
"I haven't seen any mirrors... not one."  Beth imparts from the safety of Hale's embrace, her eyes rising as to console rather than disagree.
"Glass," Hale persists, "a window maybe?"
"Okay, that works too.  Doesn't need to be silvered to be reflective," Leona adds.  "Your on a roll, dude, don't stop now."
"And you can see beyond it," he adds cleverly.  "To take one more step you crash through."  He now looks to the treasure cradled within his arms, pleased to have contributed so wisely on her behalf.  Beth smiles back and squiggles a bit further into his embrace.
'Tis things few and far between, however, that rate a perfect from Leona these days.  "Good thought, trouble is there's very little glass out there," she assures.  "Aside from the windows at Karn's lodge all I've seen are a few bottles.  I suspect flat sheets are real high-dollar stuff.  Not impossible, but a real long shot.  If there was ever any glass here I'm thinking they would have taken it with them."
Art finally antes up, drawing upon fond memories of the last time he saw his own face.  "Could it be like that copper pot you polished up?  Couldn't see beyond it though."
"Good call," Leona pointing her trigger finger in his direction as proper acknowledgment.  "It could mean to see beyond the reflection, like behind it, over your shoulder.  Not past it, like a  step backwards, maybe.  Any item of metal with a smooth finish could produce the image we need.  Even a hard flat stone like marble... or porcelain.  You know, like fired in a kiln.  That's pretty common stuff in this neighborhood."
Based upon Art's input, she suddenly finds herself sharing Beth's paranoia of moments just past.  For some days considerable thought has been dispatched to these few simple clues, but the skillet has until now evaded her list of options.  The two drenched travelers could have hit it right on the head.  "Home is where you first began."  If that were exactly correct, we're still a quarter mile off the mark.  What if the exit portal is concealed precisely where each person started.  For Art and I then, somehow contrived within the gypsy's wagon.  Even more provoking, could the required image be as Art suggested, the one visited upon the copper skillet I bartered for room and board?  What irony, if the key to this riddle has been consigned among Klena's prized kitchen utensils.  I might need to fetch it back while the others kept watch on the wagon to assure it wasn't lost.  Reoccupied as it seems now.  That could be tricky business.  Crap!  Splitting the group is the worst possible choice.  Who among the other three could I trust to make a critical call?  We're so close, I'm sure of it, and now this doubt.  Properly devised this charade could become an endless labyrinth of options.  Round and round we go again, a labor hopeless as the cat intent upon catching its tail.  Forever condemned to spin in circles, yet never win the prize.  The only clue out of place was Hemmil's "you are home," he said.  Maybe there was something to that.  Her thoughts spiral even further downward.  With a twitch of the imagination, a wicked scenario invades, a tragic plot remembered of late night TV.  Comatose forevermore, the victim of an accident has conjured a fantasy from bits and pieces of memories.  Where do such villains as these dwell that a thought sets them free to pounce upon those in doubt?
Beth's voice rescues Leona from her momentary self-imposed exile.  "Leo, you still with us?"  Back to the game she must go, ready, willing, and on the surface utterly confident that none should detect even the slightest doubt.
"Right... just thinking."  Thus, relieved for the time being at least, that were she in a coma, better this fantasy than no thoughts at all.
"Maybe it works like Aladdin's Lamp, Beth adds gingerly.  You polish it up to see your face and get the genie instead."  She exclaims. "How cool would that be?"
Leona smiles, pleased to see Beth is back in the game, her fears of abandonment set aside, hopefully forgotten.  She continues as the unofficial moderator "Only other hint implies that whatever it is we're looking for somehow lies with the stars.  That's it, that's all we've got."
"Meaning it's in the sky?"  Hale inquires in a bewildering tone, "a constellation?  I'm totally lost when you get into that stuff."
"Doubt it.  I've thought about this a lot," Leona consoles.  "If you argue the fine points, it includes everything between the horizons.  So I've been trying to narrow it down, look at it with an average-Joe mentality.  Like what would people from here in this time period take it to mean?  Simply put, it places the stars directly overhead.  So I read it as parallel with the horizon, flat, level, horizontal, whatever."  Silent glances are passed back and forth.  "I'm open to an argument; anything you've got.  Come on guys... I need some feedback."  She scans the crew, "Nothing?"
"Has to be on the ground then?" Beth anticipates reluctantly.
"Or a roof," Hale's quick to add, "or even the ceiling."
Art points out the failing of his theory, there being neither a roof nor ceiling present.  No harm done, most important both have contributed and Hale's logic is sound.  Indeed, other roofs may not be dismissed, such as that of that wagon sitting so innocently down in the meadow.
"You said polished stone could work.  How about the floor under all that trash in there?  I've a bad feeling," Art grumbles; "we're going to need picks and shovels." 
"Why so unhappy?"  Leona questions. "Couple weeks ago you were anxious to dig the whole place up.  So, now you get your chance."
"Hey!" Beth exclaims, delightfully wide-eyed.  "What about our wanted posters?  You said there was one of you, too."
"Good thought."  Leona bolts for the cart to search them out before the onset of night has put the idea aside till morning.  Alas, both are casualties of the downpour encountered on their way to Karn's lodge, neither now more than a blur.  Passing them around inspires no further theories.  "I'm positive there was nothing in the background at all."
"Anyway, getting too dark now.  Something we all need to face up to," Leona cautions.  "Roux is out there, he's not going to give it up, he can't afford to and we're kind of exposed being in here on foot.  There's too much perimeter to keep watch, it would take all of us and we really need to concentrate on finding our exit point.  If Roux shows up, there's no place to hide and the cart's useless and there's no way we can defend this place.  If  shit happens grab a weapon and make for the high ground.
Come morning, first thing, I want to feed and water the mounts so they're ready to go.  We only have two saddles.  I think I can handle the gray bare back and it's the huskiest, best choice for riding double.  That means, Beth, your with me 'caus we're the lightest combination.  The saddles go on the two browns.  Mounts will be tied off in a small clearing I noticed about 200 feet up the hill.  Art, you and Hale on the browns and you may need to hang back some to help Hale mount up otherwise he won't stand a chance.
So, Anyone spots trouble holler out loud and clear and just go, there's no looking back.  Beth, if we're separated don't hesitate, get to the mounts and haul ass, understand?"  Leona aims a sharp eye in Beth's direction for a positive nod.  "Understand," she repeats.  Beth knows she will not relent till she gets the answer she wants, Beth concedes with a positive nod.  "When the smoke settles, those who get away can work their way back later.  Someone gets hurt, can't make it up the hill, game is over for them.  You must accept the loss and keep moving.  I'm gonna cut one of the stirrups from the left side of one saddle and rig it up on the gray.  Art you have some riding experience so the one with the missing stirrup should be yours 'cause I think it's better Hale have both.  I know it's not much of a plan, but under the circumstances it's the only back up I can muster.  On this discouraging note they crash for the evening, hopeful the coming day will shed more than sunlight upon their dilemma.
The rising sun provides an interesting fragment of excitement when Beth screams, having discovered she's been sharing her space with a black snake.  The sleek reptile was likely searching for a field mouse and finding Beth's blanket a suitably cozy place to spend the night settled in proving beyond the shadow of a doubt that what you don't know really won't hurt you.  In her enthusiasm to allow bygones to be gone, she practically climbs Hale like a tree.  There seems no end to the variety of good uses she's found for that lad.
Art is quick to their rescue with a 20-pound anti-snake bolder.  Wisely, the serpent has chosen to hide from the commotion in the ruffled blanket rather than attempt a run for it across open terrain.  Fortunately for the harmless snake, Art had the good sense not to ruin Beth's blanket by squashing the frightened critter.  Leona joins the fray and insisting Art stand down immediately and follows with a condensed resume extolling the virtues of black snakes.  Taking hold of the blanket's edge, she snaps it off the ground with a quick jerk.  Thus, propelling one very excited little mouse into a perfect triple backward somersault.  The rodent bounces once, rolls over twice, and hits the bricks with all four wheels in hyper drive warp speed.
"Mice too!" Beth squeaks breathlessly.  The snake thus revealed and only about half the size Beth remembered remains absolutely still in the hope no will notice.  Not even a flicker of the tongue does it dare.  Even were the ground covered with coal 'tis not likely an item one would missed.  Leona and the reptile stare at each other for a few moments then she gives it an encouraging nudge with a twig.  Conceding the jig's up, it slithers off to take refuge in a nearby rubble pile.  "You know it takes real nerve," she commends, "to be still when you're surrounded by four 60-foot tall aliens."
Excavation and demolition were not counted among the contingencies Leona planned for.  Resources lending themselves to such tasks are limited; backs are to be freely expended, fingernails held in reserve.  "We need to round up some flat boards to make do as shovels," she advises grimly.
"Bet this place has been picked over a hundred times," Art surmises brilliantly, knowing this will be his second go at it in less than two weeks.
"Since you already started poking around in the back, you and Hale finish that area out.  Don't be random, be systematic and careful.  We only want to do this once.  Beth and I will check the perimeter outside the walls for signs of other foundations or anything that might have been a trash pit.  I doubt they discarded much, but if any metal or glass has survived the trash pickers, I'm thinking that's where we'll find it."
"Any chance there's a basement under this place?"  Hale speculates.
"Construction's too basic.  Supporting a stone floor like this above another space would require quite an effort.  Doesn't strike me they had that kind of capability.  A root cellar maybe, and if there is it's probably out back where you guys will be.  For now, lets deal with what we can see."  Leona squints and tilts her head as having a second thought.  "Escape tunnel is a possibility though, and it could come in handy.  Keep an eye out for any ground depressions, anything that looks like it's sinking.  Hopefully it won't turn out to be graves."  Beth emits a discomforting moan.  "I presume the final step back is of a magical nature," Leona continues.  "So a tunnel probably wouldn't be the actual exit, more like the way to the way out.  I don't think we need something three-dimensional exactly.  There has to be some point where thickness no longer counts, one side is here, the other is where we want to be."
"Like a time warp," Hale implies.
"Yeah," Beth concurs immediately.  "Think Sci-fi channel reruns."
"Okay, so we're looking for something reflective and most likely flat on the floor or ground," Leona summarizes.  "Let's find it so we can get the hell outta here."
They disperse immersed in high-octane enthusiasm.  Every loose stone is prodded or rolled aside, every crevice invaded and every square inch of more than half the floor within the building's walls cleared of debris and carefully scrutinized.
 By way of diversions--that is any excuse to take a break; box turtles are fair game as they are not exactly an aggressive sort.  Upon Hale's approach, the shy reptile has recluses itself within the first line of turtle defense.  Cloistered safely there within, it's probably wondering more of why gravity seems so suddenly amiss than what dangers lurk outside of its shell as Hale transports it like a child might pretend to fly a toy airplane.  Round and round he goes in up-side-down curls and loppy loops as he approaches, anxious to present his humble offering to the maiden of his fancy.  "Careful!" he cautions in a sarcastic tone, "could be an attack turtle."  Beth wrinkles her nose and points authoritatively toward the ground, not wishing to make personal hands-on contact just yet.  Whereupon Hale places his gift at her feet, then backs away, his head bowed, as would a servant humbly depart from his queen.  City girls don't get much exposure to real animals--that is, beyond cats and dogs or the occasional glimpse of a squirrel.  This has become a grand opportunity for Beth to expand her horizons, becoming quite the naturalist in fact.  She sits herself down and patiently awaits an opportunity to convene a summit.  In due time the front of the shell begins to lower with a hissing sound and a little green beak sort of nose cautiously presents itself.
"Well, it's not a snapper," Leona advises.  "But I still wouldn't put that little pinkie of yours in front of its face; I think they like worms."  Beth and her new object of interest are like a pair of vaudeville comedians working on their act.  Confident she can outrun the creature were it to give chase she leans nearer the ground to get a better look.  Soon as her big bright eyes meet the beady little red ones peeking from within there's a huff of smelly turtle BO and the shell whooshes shut again.  Beth feels slighted, a genuine southern bell being snubbed by a self-propelled pebble is surely the low point of the entire local social scene.  Not the sort to be put off by a mere turtle, she digs in, determined to await the fearsome critter's reappearance.  Turtles, even when they're in a hurry, always seem caught in a perpetual slow-motion video.  As such they are naturally availed of considerable patience, much more so than Beth could ever hope to muster.  After about 3 minutes she calls it a draw and disengages.  When next she takes notice of Hale's offering, the creature's in four wheel turtle over drive, stretching it's neck forward far as it can like a long distance runner grasping for the finish line.  With several mighty strides in a final burst of speed the exhausted little fellow's tail flips up into the air as it nose dives over the edge, disappearing into one of the murky bogs fed by the cistern's overflow.  This surely the most exciting local remake of the 'Great Escape' yet.  
Dusk of day finds them a weary lot.  Art's never done so much physical labor in one continuous shift.  Leona peers upward toward what little remains of the roof structure.  She's considering attempting the ascent to get a better view; perhaps something not obvious from the ground might be revealed from above.  All the day's efforts have yielded nothing, not a single device in their favor lest it be worn gray fieldstone they unknowingly seek.  Though the air is cool everyone is soaked with perspiration.  Listless, the clouds of dust attending their labors has attached itself to damp clothing and skin sure as iron filings would seek a magnet.  None may claim another has shirked their duty as the proof is plain to see.  All are equally filthy from top to bottom, encrusted within a plaster combined of sweat and grime.  Tomorrow's not a holiday, but likely all shall wish it so.  Come morning the strains of their labors shall be much in evidence by way of muscles seemingly at odds with their owners.
All need a thorough dousing before retiring.  As one might suspect and chivalry demand's the ladies are first.  Securing blankets and the water pail to their faithful service while the guys putter with the fire they proceed to the spa.  The cistern's surface may not be breached that thousands of tiny plants fail to accompany each bucket of cool water.  Thankfully they're eager to float to the surface and so for the most part easily swept aside.  Bright once more and attending a calm sky speckled with countless flecks of light, the moon dares watch as these two young damsels disrobe.  All the stars have come too and lend their soft cool light well upon these maidenly forms.  One then the other frolics and twirls about while the second of them, standing upon the cistern's wall, pours water over the other's head.  That near the pool's surface has been warmed during the day to serve these nymphs, but still it brings a tantalizing chill when cast upon bodies now hidden from the sun's warmth.  A pair of fairest Titania's own handmaidens could make no more provocative sport of an autumn's early evening.  An owl trumpets his approval and a chorus of crickets would seem to agree.  Surely were there fairies hiding in the wood, they, so enticed, would come forth to join in such delight.
The lads watch without comment, Art as much of frustration as Hale anticipating Lady Beth's return.  Wrapped in blankets, their clothes in hand, the ladies come now to the fire's radiant glow.  The lads are next and soon thereafter off they go.
Beth acts unconcerned of the guy's activities, coyly stirring their pot of rice, least till she hears water splashing about.  She looks to Leona like a puppy begging to be let out and allowed play.  Leona returns a sarcastic pout.  "Go on, I don't care."  Beth slinks to the edge of the crumbling doorway to watch, her interest no less than that of the lads just a moment before.  She nods insistently toward Leona for her to join.  Devilish little deeds so desire company to justify their doing.  "Pervert!" Leona teases with a smile as she waves off the invitation.
"Come onnnn," Beth insists. "Art's got such a cute little ass," she adds ever so quietly.
Leona declines, preferring to concern herself with the dismal results of their labors.  The lads return draping their soaked clothing over tripods of saplings arranged around the fire.  Hale and Beth share a blanket, their antics and giggles challenge the other couple to get over their differences and snuggle up.  But Art and Leona are taking separate blankets this year.  'Tis deeds alone that count, as words are but a spoken thought.  Thus, for all the words ever spoken and of all those promises ever made, will a single grain of sand move not.  His lack of support in the meadow that early morn has cooled her feelings far beyond what any word might hope to thaw.
"Everyone makes a little misjudgment once in a while," Art pleads quietly.
"Bullshit!  It's not like we met yesterday."  Her gaze sharp as a razor.  "Situations like that people don't just abandon each other.  Either be quiet or get lost."  Ouch! Hale cringes.
Next morning, only the birds have retained their enthusiasm toward the beginning of another day.  For there seems a lot more friction in the movements of everyone's parts.  When Art attempts to rise, he tumbles back to the ground, reeling into a painful ball.  "Holly shittt," he exclaims agonizingly.  "Ummmm!"  Rocking back and forth he grasps at his calf, rubbing and kneading to gain some relief "Ahhh... damnnnn!"  Muscle tissue within his right calf is contracting, twisting itself into a knot hard as any block of wood and the more he attempts to ease it the tighter it becomes.  Thus, a charley horse is born, Art's first, the body's retribution for sacrifices demanded of it the previous day.  Both the girls imagine he's been bitten by some venomous creature, but Hale recognizes the symptoms immediately.  He comes to his buddy's rescue.  Grabbing the toes of Art's foot, he pushes them back toward his knee.  A useful tactic learned at football practice which can help relieve this sort of involuntary muscular contraction.
"You gotta relax, man," he instructs sympathetically.  "I know it ain't easy, but it's the only way.  It'll just keep getting tighter if you don't."  A suggestion akin to advising someone who is underwater drowning that the best approach is to exhale.  Nearly an hour passes before Art's able to stand again; even then his mobility is hindered by a cautious limp.  Once experienced, especially for the newly initiated, anticipating a relapse can be frightful, like treading upon defective land mines.  Spasms of this nature begin with a subtle telltale twitch; a second's delay in pulling the toes back can yield a truly painful reward and once it starts time is the only remedy.
Leona's stock of dried goods is hardy but essentially tasteless.  In a supplementary capacity Hale has taken to forays into what remains of the orchard to retrieve apples.  Years of neglect and a generous supply of unpicked fruit have seeded a tangled thicket.  Though fruit-bearing trees willingly offer their treasures to any who care to have them and so one would think they are better repaid for such kindness, but no, for they are a sorely tormented lot.  Much preferred by wood borers, those trees remaining in a tortured defensive posture; their bark frayed, coarse, and covered with gobs of sticky sap oozing from numerous insect-inflicted wounds.
Such is a tricky domain, even for the sure-footed, not wise then for one nursing a buggered knee.  Hale soon comes hobbling back to the camp, a knurled branch to supplement his effort.  Fresh sap can be slippery stuff, especially dangerous when mixed with deceptively brittle limbs and the laws of gravity.  He has in fact seriously re-injured his knee, opened a cut across his forehead, sprained one wrist and staved several fingers.  You know it's got to be bad because he didn't bring back any apples.  "What happened?" Beth pleads, rushing to his aid.
"Fell out of a tree," he admits shyly.
"A tree!"  Leona exclaims in a disbelieving tone.
Beth deadpans, "great!" raising a hand to her forehead.  "You know Leo's gonna court-martial your ass."
"Sorry."  He excuses apologetically.
"I'm sure."  Beth offers sarcastically, "this is lousy timing, hon."
"Yeah I know.  Think I screwed up my wrist, too," he admits, wondering if he'll be shot before or after the hanging.
Totally exasperated, Leona closes her eyes and hisses.  "Why, of all things were you climbing trees with that bungled knee?"
"Apples!"
"Of course, it was a dumb question.  This is payback for creating an apple junkie."
Breakfast tea has yet to be poured and already 100% of their real manpower is disabled.  And that's the good news.  For truth be told, His Lordship and company are just now coming to a cautious, quiet halt along the roadway.  Hardly 600 yards separate Roux's storm troopers from where Hale stands at this moment.  And though they may seem the voracious pursuers in this matter, a superior, aggressive lot, unswayed by adversity, these attributes exist mostly within Roux's imagination.  Lurking just beneath their helmets are intimate visions of scorching fireballs and recollections of a thunderous force which fell upon the Keep sweeping everything in its path aside.  And now, upon all else, rumors of demonious man-eating Squillets at the beck and call of their quarry, all of which have come to gnaw painfully upon their confidence.  Boldness then does not attend their arsenal of weaponry, nor have they great faith in those sending them forth as having brilliant strategies beyond the vengeful whims of an excessive compulsive master.
Counted now among them is the Wannabee, cautiously harboring some rather unpleasant memories of his own including some rather unsightly damage to his face that has yet to heal.  Anxious as ever though to claim his coins and enjoy some retribution for the slanders heaved upon his good character, not to mention the loss of several teeth and no slight portion of his jaw.  There also, good Pious idles about, disfigured servant and slave of Rueshaba the singed, who yet labors for her own revenge.  And last, but not least, faithful Escheloson, Roux's sorcerer, somewhat less confident than ever he's been and still deaf as a grape.  Thus does the end game draw nigh as all concerned prepare to lay siege upon what remains of the House of Iris.  Eager are they as to a banquet, for each the chance to carve up this wench who dares play at fantasy games though a kingdom were at stake.
Scouts have verified their objective's presence whereupon Roux and his commanders now plot the escapee's demise.  All have been sternly notified, the wench who invaded his apartments shall be taken alive no matter the inconvenience to life and limb.  For Lord Roux dearly wishes that scenario be replayed to a different tune.  The others may freely choose to be dog fodder or fight here and now to the death, he cares not which path they choose.
Speaking of the hounds, they are being held half a mile to the rear, well fed and their transport covered to keep them calm and quiet so as not to risk alerting the quarry to their impending disaster.
Aware of the ruin's particulars, they've come well prepared, multitudes of short ladders at their disposal to quickly top the walls.  Four separate squads are to advance on either flank with portions circling toward the rear, thus assuring none within may slip into the forest undetected.  Once in position they are to scale the perimeter wall from both sides and the back.  Thus confined, the rebels are encouraged to make for the front exit where Roux himself awaits with forty of his trusty men.
Back within the ruins of the hermitage Beth consoles her number one while Leona, noticeably discouraged, again binds splints around his leg.  Saturating a cloth with some of her home-brewed spirits, she sways it to and fro through the air several times.  Evaporating rapidly, the alcohol cools the cloth well below the air temperature.  "Let's see if we can get the swelling down some for starters."  She applies it to Hale's knee, covering it with another dry cloth as insulation.
"Oh that's nice!" Hale purrs with a sigh.  "Owe ya another one, Leo, really sorry about this."
"When it warms, wave it back and forth a couple of times to cool it again.  Art, how you doing?  Can you stand?"
"Yeah, but I still don't have any leverage and I'm not going anywhere in a hurry."
Depressed and somewhat unfocused, she nods her understanding while gazing out into the courtyard.  A trickle of water overflows the cistern, hardly enough that the spillways remain damp.  The excess glistens upon the stones, then, seeps into the abundance of mosses advancing upon its course.  "You... stupid... shit!" she exclaims.
"Huh!  Who?" Beth inquires, sounding like a new species of owl.
"Not you... me."  Leona turns toward Beth while ardently pointing toward the cistern.  "How dumb could I be and still able to boil water?  It's that pond," she declares endearingly.  "I mean, how hard is that to figure?  There are only two things here, dirt and that pond.  Dirt ain't going to get it.  What really makes rainbows?  Water! and a perfect reflector?"
"Water!" Beth chirps with glee.
"Right, and no matter where or how you place it, water always seeks to be perfectly level, which is to say facing the sky.  That's got to be it, I think we're home."
"What about all that green stuff?"
"To hide it, otherwise it would give itself away.  We would have picked up on a reflection right off.  The water's still there, but as they say, out of sight out of mind."
"Know what else?" Beth reminds.  "Didn't she say, 'in the garden?'  So how come we've been doing all this house cleaning?  The garden wouldn't be in here, and we--."
"Why didn't you say something sooner?"  Leona asks, throwing her arms aside.
"I just, ummm... I don't know."
"Pond idea sounds good," Hale agrees.  Maybe we could rig up a snorkel and check it out."
"Even the posters," Leona further concludes.  "It was water erased our pictures, they were gone just as we intend to be.  We need to skim the surface is all, see what's going on under there.  Isn't anybody paying attention to the cable movies?  The secrete passage is always under water."
"Meets the requirement to go a step beyond the image, too," Art concludes.  "Anything below the surface qualifies as beyond the image; if the exit's under the water everything fits."
"You want us to just jump in, then what?"  Beth asks in a curious tone.  "How deep is it?  You know, water's mostly like a place to get a tan.  I never actually get wet."
"No problem," Leona volunteers.  "Soon as we clear the surface some, I'm in there."
Even as Roux's men emerge from the forest all around them, Leona and her friends speculate enthusiastically as to what secrets the pool may hold.  The advancing soldiers keep a watchful eye toward the upper edges of the ruin's crumbling perimeter wall.  A large contingent takes up position just outside the gateway.  Roux along with several of his commanders, his sorcerer Escheloson and the Wannabee have stationed themselves at a collapsed portion of the front courtyard wall, a seemingly safe position from which to observe and coordinate the attack.  What brick and stone yet remains intact on either side of the breach will afford protection to the VIP's.  For 'tis likely when trapped His Lordship's delight may take to wielding thunder balls once more.  Pious has slipped away to inform his master of current events and pray she reward him kindly for services faithfully executed.
Word's passed to the rear elements, the front now being secure, time has come to flush the game from their hiding places.  This lot is not so laced and bound up in metal scales as the others are, for if their effort is to prevail, stealth is key.  Given that task, such precautions of life and limb would tingle and squeak foretelling of their advance.  With a hand signal their commander orders them up the ladders so as to slip quietly over the ramparts and drop light as one may into the brush within the perimeter walls.  Many slink cautiously toward the building's rear doorway.  Lesser numbers advance along both sides of the ruin.
"Don't we have to wait till tonight?" Hale mumbles while struggling to contain a scoop of rice.
"Tonight! why?" Leona inquires curiously.
"Lay with the stars, wasn't that the clue?  They don't come out until it gets dark."
Leona takes a tiny nip off the end of her little fingernail and looks toward Beth with a puzzled grin.
Beth shrugs and smiles back, "I know... but I like him anyway."
"What?" Hale demands.
Leona points toward the sky.  "Day or night, Hale, they're up there."
"Well yeah, but... ah... never mind."
"You need to get away from the TV for a while, the laugh track is ruining your thought process."
Art catches sight of someone approaching the far end of the building "Hey!  Who was that?  I just saw some guy in back."
"The grim reaper," Leona advises stressfully, "we get cornered in here we're dead."  She grabs Hale.  "Art give me a hand."  Art takes hold of the other arm and between them they jerk Hale to his feet.  "Straight for the pond, go... before they cut us off."  Hale's paid heed to at least some of her instructions, a crossbow still slung over his shoulder, locked and loaded.  "Beth, your bow, get moving." Leona commands, snatching up her leather carry bag, the closest thing to a shield at hand.
"What if there's nothing in there but water?"  Beth dismays aloud.
"Just go!  It's a one-way trip;" she cautions morbidly.  "If it doesn't work just hold onto something and accept that we've lost.  Don't come back to the surface, it'll be better than the dogs."
A dozen men have entered from the ruin's rear portal; they advance slowly side by each.  Though not sheathed in iron and mail, each carries a heavy shield to keep him from an archer's venom.  First to challenge their advance is a stout bearded lad, shield and blade in hand.  Boldly he strides into the doorway before them, a moment more and there stands another at his side.  Art hesitates.  With Hale in toe and lacking any type of weapon there's no way he's going to charge headlong into these two goons.  Leona snatches up the ax.  She whirls around fast as she can using herself as a counterbalance and sends it swirling toward the doorway like a discus.
Six pounds of lopsided sharp spinning iron is not to be taken lightly, nor is the adrenaline-saturated feline following close behind.  The ax is deflected by one fellow's shield, the blow sending him backwards, off balance, and for a few critical moments out of play.  His partner crouches into a defensive posture.  On the advance Leona hooks the toe of her boot under the edge of a piece of wood half buried in the dust, heaving it forward.  The one standing pat, now forced to guard his eyes from the oncoming sand and debris.  They are vulnerable and she's upon them; both near instantly rendered to lesser portions than once they were.  Her blade's inscription is not an idle boast, for shields presented in their defense are shredded as were they cardboard.  Dirty pool, unfair, perhaps even dishonorable, so what!  Leona's conscience has been on hold since the affair at the keep's guard shack.  Besides, crimes are better confessed but once after all the killing is done.  With the dawn, a bad day has begun and any who dare stand in her path are going to get their fair share of it.
With the exit cleared, Beth leads off, crossbow at the ready.  Hale and Art follow at a brisk limp while Leona assumes the rear guard, facing off against those advancing through the ruin.
As the escapees move toward the pool, Roux's men exit the hermitage, forming up across the front.  A seemingly endless flow joins their ranks coming around from both sides of the ruin.  Having seen the mess she's made of the two capable fellows who conspired to block her exit, all hesitate to press forward.  After all, Roux has ordered she be captured and there is no mandate to engage.  The plan requires only that they continue herding the escapees toward the trap at the front.  Even so, two ambitious fellows have moved up on the right flank.  Only Beth with a single dart stands between them and the guys hobbling toward the edge of the cistern.  Roux feels himself imperious decked out in thirty pounds of his finest armor for the occasion.  Golden boars, wolves, and stags adorn the ironwork, with strips of oiled leather strategically fashioned therein to belie embarrassing squeaks, all generously padded so as not to chafe his tender hide.  Fifty more of his troops are spread across the opposite end of the courtyard closing on the far side of the cistern.  His trap perfectly executed, feelings of absolute sovereignty well up sparking his appetite for blood.  Restraint is difficult.  He could order an all out charge and have them slaughtered within a few moments, but 'tis a treat to be savored not gobbled up.  A few moments more and they shall be so confined as to stand back to back with nary a step more to take.
Hale and Art have all but reached the cistern.  Beth holds those on the right flank at bay, more by fierce disposition than the single dart at her disposal.  They tease and harass from the safety of their shields.  But the price she demands is a clear shot and she refuses to invest her projectile for anything less.  Retreating as far as the elevated stone pedestal, Leona yet remains about twenty feet from the cistern facing off against forty somewhat hesitant troops.
As Hale and Art are not protected by royal decree, a couple scrappy sorts on the left flank have decided to take the initiative.  They advance quickly with pikes, perchance to earn rewards of coin or good favor were they the first to draw blood and secure this hapless pair of rogues.
Much to Roux's surprise, Art turns his back to the advancing troops, stoops, locks his arms around Hale's knees.  He then stands, heaving his buddy over the low wall headlong into the green goop.  Hale's belly flop sends a tidal wave over Art and Beth.
What's this? Roux laments.  Have they concocted a suicide pact to deny me?  Is there a way unseen by which they might escape?  The unexpected splash and ensuing recoil distract those two advancing against the lads with pikes.  Art's slashed, cut as one blade slides by just below his ribs, so sharp in fact he's completely unaware of its intrusion.  The second lancer is distracted such that his thrust is driven savagely into the low stone wall where Hale stood but a moment ago.  The shattering staff mortifies Art.  He turns to find these glory hounds far too near for comfort.  They actually attacked him while his back was turned.  This game really sucks, he concludes.  Instinctively sidestepping a second thrust by the fellow he still hasn't realized wounded him.  I don't even have a weapon, he comes to realize.  This is totally unfair! 
Beth's attention has likewise been misplaced by Hale's graceful departure, encouraging those whom she had faced to play their hand.  Both advance quickly intent on catching hold of their prize's menacing crossbow.  The first is near at arm's reach by the time their venture's discovered.  The closer fellow begins to turn away in a retreat.  Panic is not an option for Beth, neither is there time to evade their advance.  Raising her sights she looses the dart.  So little resistance does the throat offer a projectile of this velocity that it passes straight through the first lad's windpipe and settles squarely several inches into the collar bone of the eager fellow next in line.  She follows the shot with a merciless assault; using the spent crossbow to batter both to the ground, not that they needed any further discouragement.  Half dozen brave fellows sprint in her direction now--not to aid their fallen comrades, but eager to claim their duly forfeit prize.
Meanwhile, Art has managed to grab the front of the lance he's just barely avoided, yanking it toward him and bringing the owner close enough to offer a full roundhouse knuckle sandwich as reward for his skullduggery.  Wow! Does that hurt or what?  Thinking he may have just broken his hand.  His adversary concedes ownership of the weapon.  He can get another pointed stick anytime so why make a big deal out of it?  Besides he's already laid claim to fame and fortune by cutting the guy wide open.  Once Art takes possession, his first order of business is bringing the pointed end around to his defense.  In so doing, and not by accident, the flat side of the blade catches the previous owner alongside the head with a frightful whack.
Though the second attacker's thrust missed Hale, shattering his lance's blade, there remains a fair portion of ragged yet capable metal.  Art blocks the fellow's second attempt, jamming the oncoming pike downward against the stone paving with his newly confiscated lance.  As it skids by he jumps on the end, splintering the wooden shaft and binding it against the ground.  Using his opponent's disabled pike as a guide rail for his own blade, he swipes it upward directly into the fellow's arm.  Though Art hesitates to actually  stab his assailants, there seems little remorse at pounding on their heads in a good sportsman sort of way with his new stick.  More painful I'm sure is a sustained verbal assault that would hurt anyone's feelings.  Enveloped by the excitement, fueled by a healthy injection of adrenaline and the need to keep moving, Art remains dangerously unaware his side has been slashed wide opened, though nothing important has fallen out yet.
Several of His Lordship's archers take note of the whopping their associates are getting and assume to remedy these misdeeds.  Art has backed against the low cistern wall, his retreat encouraged by the impact of a broad-head now protruding from his abdomen.  Dull, numbing at first, strange, and acutely sharp all at the same time, his lance no longer matters; he allows it drop.  In short order, another penetrates his right forearm and a third grazes the side of his face slashing off most of his ear.  No less, however, is his concern at discovering the ground is covered with blood--his in fact, streaming freely from the deep incision across his side.  The bleeding has been disguised up till now by the soaking he incurred when Hale was heaved into the pool.  How much more could there be?  His trouser leg is completely saturated and there appears an unrealistic amount spreading across the ground.  The little plants expelled from the cistern are floating away upon it.  Being cut to ribbons is serious business.  For whatever it's worth he needs to get into the water and quickly.  The past three seconds have seen him reduced to a dead man waiting to die.  This no different than any other bad dream when snarling monsters approach, no matter how hard you try, you just can't seem to move.  In this case he can move if he wants to, but the fact is, even the slightest attempt is rewarded with excruciatingly sharp pain within his gut.  Even breathing becomes a very cautious, calculated event for one thus impaled.  Essentially he is helpless. 
Roux's attention is locked onto the pool's surface.  When Hale fails to reappear, as people who breathe routinely do under such circumstances, he turns to Escheloson for an explanation.  "Where's he gone?" Roux demands.  "Work your magic.  The lad who went into the water, where's he gone?"  The sorcerer can see something has distressed His Lordship, but can't make out the words too clearly.  Aghast at the thought the pool might offer them pardon, Roux becomes very anxious.  "Now, take them," Roux shouts.  "They must not enter the pool."
Some people never seem able to take a hint, but Beth knows when it's time to leave a party.  Hopping up onto the cistern wall and simultaneously retreating toward Art, she howls, "Leo come on, we're out of here, Art, let's go!"  She draws a deep breath in anticipation of her impending dunking.   A quick glance toward Art changes her priorities.  "Holy crap!"  Beth scampers over behind the lad.  Stooping down, she places both arms around just below his hips and lifts for all she's worth while pushing off backward from the rear edge of the wall.  It's a strain, and doubtful she could achieve it more than once, but the top heavy configuration allows her to drag him into the pool over top of herself.  He lets out quite a howl, but it was for his own good.  The effect is that of a brick landing in a kettle of pea soup.  The frothing blanket of green surges back closing over them like an impenetrable door.  If it had been Hale she could have never executed the lift.  Safe away they are at last.
Theoretically, the contest has concluded with Hale declared the official winner, he being the first to return.  Beth takes second as she hit the water a moment before Art.  That is, at least so far as those in the game room are concerned.  However, this fantasy plays solely within the workings of Leona's mind.  Thus, 'tis her perspective alone sets the pace here and now.  The king and queen of the prom take the floor, 'tis the last dance and the band plays on.
Those six who were attempting to recapture Beth, as an unintended consequence, have outflanked Leona, effectively placing themselves between her and the cistern.  Her only ally now is the stone pedestal marginally protecting her back.  Charging into their position will encourage the others to close quickly from behind.  She would be overwhelmed by sheer numbers.  Several cautiously advance from the ruin even now with pikes.  Such extended reach weapons afford a fair measure of safety from her blade.  Enchanted though it may be, it does not fly, and at best may reach only eighteen inches beyond her hand.
Ever morbid Pious has rejoined the crowd, an unlikely bent-over hag in drab dark robes at his side.  The old woman watches Leona's every move carefully, every expression, every sound, every glance.  What is the secret of her fire?  "Why does she endure this?"  Rueshaba hisses, pulling on Pious' robes like a child wanting attention.  "Fighting with sticks, why not use your fire?  Let me see it done."
"They're getting away," Roux exclaims, grabbing one of his commanders by the arm and shoving him toward the fray.  "Alive, I want her alive," he warns more than commands.  "See to it."
So that's why the bowmen haven't made a porcupine of my hide.  Certainly she harbors no such obligations on their behalf.
One card, the joker yet remains to play, her last grenade patiently awaiting the call to arms.  Very indiscriminate devices these, not the sort to pick and choose between friend and foe.  In the open and at close quarters her risk is no less than any of theirs.  Better this than dog chow.  Unfortunately they can not be thrown, for being made of ceramic if the shell cracks open on impact the charge will flash and fizzle away, more or less harmlessly.  Based upon her reputation and the nightmares of those with previous experience, anything this witch does is seriously suspect.  She strikes the fuse and sets the smoldering crock atop the heavy stone pedestal at her back.  She shouts an 'I dare you' glance at her antagonizes and smiles.  This particular group of troops are wary of such deeds.  What beast is summoned to her cause, what plague descends at her beck and call?  Unnerving quiet and stillness settle upon her adversaries, they as one unable to watch its eminent advance, awaiting the stroke of a guillotine.  None dare speculate, but a solitary owl. "Who... who?" it warns without a care.  Taunting them, break ranks, back away, but any with the audacity to retreat would at least be hanged.  'Tis between a Roux and a hard place they stand.  Leona is quietly counting, for whom her demon may seek is not the question, but only when.
Being as one intimately acquainted with Leona's sense of humor, Escheloson's eyes sharpen upon the foreboding crock.  A device as this bodes ill of past events, his ears screaming still in testament to such clever jest.  "Milord, take heed," he stutters.  Twirling his cloak about himself and dropping into a protective heap.  All look to the cowering sorcerer.  Great concern comes upon each furrowed brow and a wicked sense of impending doom creeps up many a spine just now.  Roux, not the least among them, laments to himself of this foolish quest.  He dare not so much as draw down his visor now, for the faintest sign of concern would scatter the ranks in panic.  Finally, it's Roux who must remain defiant and steadfast.  A worthy test of his grit is past due and shall soon descend upon them all.
On silent count of seven Leona ducks below the heavy stone slab, shielding her eyes and ears and rendering herself defenseless, come what may.  If the grenade fails to detonate she is lost.  If the blast topples the slab she may be crushed or trapped beneath it.  Shielded yes, but still a mere twenty inches from grown zero.  Such a concussion risks her sense of balance and the ability to navigate one's way to the cistern.  Hard partying is great merriment, but a toll is unavoidable and this 'twill be nothing akin to a hangover.
An ear-piercing thunderclap erupts amid a hail of lead fragments.  With the pedestal as an elevated deflector, those in attendance are presented a circular, chest-high shotgun blast.  Slight of their number in the forefront are spared the bloodletting.  Though pawns they may have been, for more than a few the game has ended.  Those still able to retreat do so while many of their comrades squirm about upon the pavement as though they are remnants from a nest of singed bag worm caterpillars.
Roux has toppled from his regal perch, more of surprise than the result of damage.  The worst of his injuries, a few scratches and pings rendered to his fine portable fortification.  Though mobility is restrained of those so encumbered when heaved to the ground, his fortunate commanders are quick to have him upright and back in the fray.  One of the officers not so lucky.  Having a pellet through his cheek and out the back of his neck, is upon his knees in the midst of dying.  Two have struck Pious the Pale without consequence.  The witch is quick to extract them and cauterize his wounds with not a drop of blood to be spent.  She looks curiously upon the warm bloody pellets laying in her palm, then casts them aside.   
Shaken, yet still functional, Leona sprints toward the cistern.  Two adversaries yet remain able and upright between her and the pool.  Of these, upon her advance one withdraws, he being fully convinced fate has granted him another day and wishing not to tempt it further.  She engages the last obstacle, a stubborn beanpole of a fellow who has made the less wise choice to stand in her way.  His blade sheared at the first strike, the lower quarter of his shield and a slash across his thigh with the next.  And that a kindness, for just as easily she could have taken off his head.  Wiser now than just before, he stands down and with heavy breathing bids her go upon her way.
Roux can see his opportunity to torment is slipping away, but perhaps yet there is a chance to kill.  He commandeers a crossbow from one of his captains, freeing the dart in contradiction to his own decree.  Leona has one foot on the cistern's wall and bounds upward as the spirited little javelin strikes her squarely in the back.  Both arms sprout outward like wings when it strikes, the impact tipping her forward headlong into the comforting emerald porridge.
Those still alert and quick of eye perchance took note of something reflective that trickled as it seemed to fall from the sky.  "Ah!" the old crone Rueshaba exclaims.  "What have trolls to do with this?  Why do they intercede?"  Exasperated at the turn of events, she grabs Pious' arm and grits her teeth.  "The fire," she demands, "where is your fire?"  Poor old Pious lets out a mournful wail; in her unsettled state she has crushed his wrist--the good one that is.  All part of a days work, he concedes sadly.
'Tis no less a distressing morning also for the Crayfish who lounge about the silt in the cistern's lowest depths.  Their solitude rudely disturbed thrice now by great particles of debris falling from their sky into this normally serene world.  At times a heavy thunderstorm has churned the pool's surface to the point of speculation, but nothing to compare with recent events.  Rumors the sky is falling are becoming rampant.  Thus, nearly all have taken refuge under sturdy clumps of sediment or loose stones.  Even docile salamanders who care little but to watch and wait are now within moss-shrouded crevices, hiding as not to risk their fate.  Yet another comes crashing down upon them now.  Trailed of a great frothing infusion, tiny green surface dwellers swirling in delight, dancing they amid a seething broth of bubbles glistening bright.  Slowly, but half a revolution does she turn along the way, though time has chosen to tally not the moments of this precarious day.  With fanfare not and motionless as one forever meant to stay, settling upon the cistern's floor, there at last content to lay.  The murky sediment is soft, the water cool, pleasant in fact for those of late without a care, a lady of Durer bold enough to stay the course that none other would dare.
The iron dart has preceded her arrival, and as she rests there in the sediment.  Its razor-sharp point seized to the face of a large hexagonal coin.  Deceiving this coin, its appearance that of gold.  Were it thus, however, the dart surely would have gone half the way through and remain securely embedded deep within her back.  A timely gift, the talisman of a stout gruffy fellow, rendered up in appreciation that he and his brothers have secured honorable closure.  As they must consumed of fire be, and so, a thread once thought loose is tightly bound of the weaver's tapestry.  Good favor now returned in timely fashion from enemies come to part as may only friends; as they were turned to ash and thus, allowed upon the winds.  A gift to one who might otherwise have just now joined with them.
Leona's eyes are open.  She can see numerous dark silhouettes cast upon the pool's clouded green surface; they bob about around the perimeter like spectators peering into a tiny submerged coliseum.
Roux and those of his entourage still capable approach the cistern.  Feeling confident his shot has found its mark, he wishes to savor her demise, perhaps at least the wench still struggles for breath.  He commands his sorcerer, or rather shouts intensely into the fellow's ear.  "Clear this slime away, I would know her fate."  Escheloson points a finger to the offending greens and begins twirling it about.  The movement soon includes his wrist, then his forearm in ever increasing circles.  A small whirlwind commences, sucking up the plants as a dust devil would draw up leaves from the ground.  Away it goes, leaving the pool's surface crystal clear and allowing light of day reach into the depths.
Approaching the pool's edge, Rueshaba peers into the water contentedly.  "See how she teases?  Like a worm-baited hook.  Come closer she invites, just as she bid to me.  Sleeping there in the forest as though with not a hint of my approach."  Morbid sarcasm tinges her every word.  "All the while enticing, come closer.  I will not bite thee; I am helpless in your presence."  None but Pious acknowledges the withered old crone's presence in the least.  Others hear only a raspy murmuring one might think the rustling of dry leaves.  For only those she's bound or hexed need be privileged of her whereabouts.
Were she not dispelled of the possible consequence, Rueshaba could enter the pool herself, for she is one of the original ten and thus entitled to exit via any available portal.  Strangely enough, Leona wouldn't even object, for she knows nothing of this witch.  Never have they met either as friend nor foe.  'Twas Bird's impression singed fiercely into Rueshaba's mind that holds her now at bay--thus her ardent desire to comprehend the fire she may need defense of again someday.  Alas, it can never be, for Bird has left the game that Leona might choose a second card when that critical debt at the prison's gate came due.
Staring back at her observers, Leona blinks several times.  An arm moves, then her head and shoulders as though attempting to relieve some discomfort of the neck.  Thoughts are random, still muddled by the explosion.  Where are the others?  Why am I still here?  She considers.  Were they part of some grand illusion or are they safely returned?  And if that, is it my duty now to remain?
"She lives!" Roux mumbles in a disbelieving but delighted tone.  He grabs the Wannabee, "Well lad, why do you hesitate?  Earn your purse!  Drag her up here to me."  A hundred in gold is a powerful incentive--retirement in grand style in fact.  He's upon the wall without hesitation.  Taking hold of his nose he drops into the water.  Passing through the pool's surface by the uninvited is not a journey without a toll, however.  For 'tis now they learn that animate entities, who are not predisposed of such transitions, quietly disintegrate at the horizontal boundary between this world and the next.  With not the slightest struggle, he is transformed, fizzling away like a giant Alka-Seltzer into a myriad of tiny bubbles.
Though still flat upon her back, Leona has instinctively drawn a dagger.  Having observed the Wannabee's misguided adventure, she smiles.  No more deserving a fellow could draw such an appropriate lot.  Thoughts come in an orderly fashion now.  Why have I not floated to the surface? she questions.  I'm not a fish, but there's no apparent need to breathe?  Have I not been struck a killing blow?  Am I dead or dying here, finally?  All that remains of her friends is Hale's weapon.  The wooden stock bobs slightly as it attempts to rise against the iron bow's weight.  Are the others safe, or had they gone the way of that fool just now?  Their clothing isn't floating around in the pool as does his.  She can see the dart laying in the silt nearby and at first imagines it to have passed clean through her chest.  What's this?  Retrieving the projectile, she separates the nearly punctured coin from its deadly companion with a twist.
The pool continues to effervesce violently as remnants of the Wannabee bob to the surface and dissolve.  In short order, only his clothes and shoes remain, floating aimlessly overhead.  Still in proper order mind you, but now completely devoid of Sir Wannabee.  Many of those to witness his strange dissolution step back from the edge.  The wiser of them casually slip to the rear.  'Tis better to be out of sight, and thus out of His Lordship's thoughts when things strange as this occur.  Any with the slightest disfavor to his credit might be the next chosen for some experimental mission that perchance the Wannabee's fate was a tragic fluke where the next fool might prevail.
Roux is disappointed at the fate of his stool pigeon.  He grabs Escheloson's robes and demands.  "What magic does she curse upon me now?"
The Sorcerer places his palm near the water's surface.  "'Tis not water, milord, but a boundary; there beyond is a realm to which none here may pass."
"No!" he shouts, pointing ominously to one of his commanders.  "I will not be denied.  Chains, gather chains and grapples, be quick!"
Though Leona's trials continue within the workings of fantasy's jest, views hinting of reality now serve us best.  All the guest's candles have been extinguished, and that special one presiding upon the orator's podium relit.  Thus, is reality invited once again to Mark's chamber of guile and wit.
Hale's ecstatic at being declared the official victor.  Sanaia has presented him with a heavy trophy bearing the likeness of a proud and mighty warrior.  Not to mention gift certificates for a half keg and a dozen party-size pizzas from one of their favorite campus eateries.  Pittance in fact, as someday he may discover his shinny trophy is 319 ounces troy of 24K solid gold.  He's in Hale heaven, dancing playfully with his loving consort the Lady Beth.  Both fully appreciate his success was based entirely upon logistical convenience.  What matters is that as a group they fared well.  Leona's pleased twice over, at least that portion of her remaining for sake of appearance here among her friends.  If indeed they ever left, they are safely returned to the world where they belong.  And of the other, thus absent from the cool menacing waters where the Lady of Durer doth yet dwell.
The other players have gracefully conceded; either the clues eluded them or they had no genuine desire to exit after all.  Turns out there were departure points in the vicinity of each player which any could have used.  The Harlot had nearly found her way entirely upon her own.  It was the spring Art was planning to bottle.  Roux's alter ego, the yuppie male, is a bit dismayed at being whipped by the country bumpkins.  He excuses the loss to becoming bored of such trivial entertainment.  Revelations exposing his true character have doomed Art in Leona's eyes.  When they part company on this occasion, it shall be the last time they see each other for many years to come.  Risking most of all is an arrogant young woman who harbors an ill-conceived notion that filching a sample of the scented wax from her candle is a harmless deed.  She intends to have it duplicated at a posh perfume shop where they concoct supposed one-of-a-kind fragrances to their customer's specifications.  Perhaps she will name it Essence of Rueshaba or Witches Brew.  Either might be appropriate as certainly her future is now very much at risk.  
Light of the new day has been withheld from the room so as not to deter the game's continuation.  None suspect the duration thus far in excess of nineteen hours.  But the piper must have his due.  Thus, a bit of jet lag is forthcoming to all.
While their guests chatter, rethinking strategies which might have served them better, Mark and Sanaia slip away to the spell room.  None but they are aware that within Leona's mind the contest proceeds at a devious pace.  "Why does she persist?"  Mark inquires with reserved concern.
"Could be she feels the need to resolve matters yet unattended.  Consider what she's learned of late.  Her friends are out of harm's reach, she has slight at risk knowing escape is but a thought away, and all but our villains are forbidden to enter the pool.  Thus, one might wonder, is she the sort to hold a grudge?"
"The candles have been extinguished.  How does she proceed?"
"Momentum perhaps.  This charade was as much her doing as ours.  We only guided and even then ever so slightly.  Have you never awoken from a dream, moments later closed your eyes and resumed where you left off?  The places and characters have been well defined within her thoughts.  There are rules you know, rules that bind both the enchanter and the enchanted.  So long as she abides of them, she may play as she will.  You could say she's dreaming with one eye open."
"For what purpose?"
"From flecks of image I've noticed it may well be the fate of the Lord of Orchard and those at the Inn she frequented.  One concerned as she, might ask, will they simply cease to be or will this villain return to take vengeance upon those who came to her aid?"
"She yet believes her circumstance real?"
"The thoughts behind her deeds are clouded, each has its place, neither one the same."  Sanaia nods with a consoling smile.  "Tend to your guests, sir, lest they become restless."  "I shall keep watch over your treasure while she tempts her demons and plays out her fantasies."
To the Minnon's stone once more, the open book which has come to be Leona's imagination.  There, Roux yet exists, thoroughly annoyed as always.  Impatiently, he curses everything that comes to mind while his commanders seek some means of extracting his prize from her lair.  Several hefty stones have been conscripted from the ruin and securely arranged into a ramp, this to allow one encumbered of armor easy access to the top of the cistern's wall.  There are more than a few who dare to wish he would topple into the water and fizzle away.  In spite of the Wannabee's uncommon demise, the pool's perimeter offers standing room only for the throng of observers yet able to enjoy the show.  One would think having suffered near thirty more of their country men dead or seriously set aside this very morn, that the devices of a certain feline might discourage such curiosity.  Banners snap and twirl overhead in the breeze accompanied by an ominous assortment of sharp knives upon sticks.  Hushed speculation abounds as to where the other escapees may have gotten off to and why this perpetual thorn in Roux's side has not.  Speak of the devil, he spies an unusually long-handled pike, the end thoughtfully constructed like a frog's gig of opposing hooked blades.  "There!" he points.  "You... come here with your pole."  Calling the lad forth, he eagerly snatches the weapon, this being a task he chooses not to assign.  "What of this?" he inquires of his sorcerer, as though a plea for complicity.
"So far as it may reach, milord," Escheloson assures.  Telling his master what will please him most, though he dearly wishes Roux would stop tormenting this witch.  Ill at ease he too watches, knowing 'tis folly with no good end to reach across such boundaries.  She being safe away within her own realm now, no telling what his disrespectful prodding may unleash.  Such details aside, Roux stands atop the cistern's containment with visions of revenge muddling his judgment.  His community standing is at stake here and in no small way.  He shall have his due, the cost be damned.  Lowering the blade into the water to get a bearing on his quarry, he raised his arm to thrust the pike downward as one might address an unsuspecting catfish.  Unsuspecting, think ye not, for indeed she has invited, in fact counted on his treachery.
"Caution milord," advises the wary sorcerer.  "What goes forth may come nigh as well."  A point well taken as Leona reaches out for the crossbow Hale has so graciously left behind.  She rises to a sitting position, brings it to bear at arm's length and sets the projectile in motion.  The dart is swift and the pool's surface now but six feet from the point of demarcation.  Armor, though adequate to sustain a crossbow's dart from most any direction in a combat situation it is sadly deficient when addressed from below ground level.  Of necessity, the leaves of iron are attached like shingles; otherwise his suit would prove so rigid as to preclude usefulness.  Rising from such a low angle, the sheets of armor actually guide the projectile to the first available junction.  Though not at full power due to the pool's fluid characteristics, the iron dart still slips easily between the overlapping plates.  It unites wickedly with His Lordship's person several inches below the navel and advances far enough to sample his breakfast.  Stunned, he rises on the tips of his toes, releasing the pike to find its own way.  Leona must roll slightly to avoid the barbed blade which plunges itself into the silt.  Lord Roux himself soon follows.  Knowing of the Wannabee's demise, he nearly dies of anticipation as the pool's surface races toward his face.  Alas, the cool water proves more refreshing than not.  Those nearby turn away or raise shields in defense of his wake, but none come to harm of it.
"Ah haaaa," Rueshaba cackles with delight.  "Ya can always count on an ass to act like an ass, and a witch to guard her secrets."  Pious nods his agreement diplomatically.  "Why waste fire to do the work of a pointed stick?" she adds with a disappointing growl.
One brilliant lad, soaked by His Lordship's untimely inclination to bathe, comes to a brilliant conclusion.  "The curse is lifted."  Fool that he is or thinking himself immortal, whichever, he gallantly plunges his arm into the pool.  At times enlightenment can prove a painful business.  As now for example with the hasty withdrawal of a fizzling stump accompanied by much audible regret and a serious rethinking of his previous theory.  A fine testament at least to Escheloson's wisdom and potent deterrent to any possessed of common sense and thinking to aid His Lordship in this, his well earned moment of despair.
For one clad of iron, Roux sinks very slowly, remaining quite rigid also.  As for any so impaled, as was Art, any attempt at movement would likely be at quite a premium.  Velvety wisps of red blend with pool's fluid as he approaches touchdown.  Ironic!  An entire legion of troops but a few feet away, yet not a one dare come to his service.  With Leona's guidance he's found the way home, like it or not.  She backs up several feet to allow him a private parking space, whereupon he manages an impressively stable landing upon all fours.  His arrival incites little more fanfare than a cloud of sediment.  Countless tiny streams of excited air bubbles escaping through the many seams of his armor glisten as they rise in the subdued light adding a sense of eloquence to His impending demise.
Watching, waiting, all is quiet and still.  Is this contest finally done then?  No!  Roux's head rises slowly and turns toward Leona as that of the aimless castle ghost who comes to life again and again.  And now a gauntlet of iron scales also, rises unsteadily from the debris.  Reaching out he takes hold of Leona's left forearm.  Precise and quick her response, she drives a wafer-thin dagger to the hilt through one of the eye slots of his visor.  Roux shutters, the lifeless armor collapsing face-first into the silt.  There's no need to pry his death grip from her arm; she has vanished.
"Did you see?" Rueshaba hisses as she prods Pious with a bony elbow.  "It was a very personal disagreement, one she chose to resolve by her own hand.  That is why she burned him not.  Reprimand is all that was deserved of my deed.  A third party assassin was I, a common hireling in her eyes.  He was different.  She lured him on until they alone were face to face and he helpless as a worm.  Oh, wicked woman who are you?  I shall forever wish to know."  She turns her attention to Pious and points a knurled finger.  "You should be pleased I've taken you under my wing before she thought to seek you out.  I cursed her bones, but they no longer do I seek.  Or rather someday it may she who digs mine up."
--
Enticements and diversions are hastily provided to keep his guests and allow Mark's anxious return to the spell room.  "Do we have a conclusion yet?" he asserts warily.
"She's slain her demon in spite of us," Sanaia informs, turning to Mark with a smile.  "And by this she has won sovereignty."
Mark's eyes light up.  "What do you say?"
"Play is by the rules of the Games Regal," Sanaia reminds, "is it not?  Having slain the sponsoring lord and master in single combat imparts all that was his... to her.  Interesting possibility, don't you agree? 
Marwyn hesitates for a moment to consider Sanaia's theory.  "Her experiences were a fabrication, there is no city to be had, their never was.  All was a self-deception, even more of her doing than ours."
"My point exactly!  Would you not allow the detail of it was extraordinary.  Unlike anything I've ever seen," Sanaia assures with a smile, "and I've seen more than a few, sir."
"It simply can not be."
I'm not sure the Minnon would agree.  But there is more.  She slew him on this side of the boundary, here in her world, not ours!  And she need not have done so, it was premeditated."
"That's... interesting.  Does this complicate our task?
"A little perhaps!  His headache will persist for a while.  If he visits a physician a scan may reveal that she partially lobotomized him.  His personality is likely to change some, for the better I think.
But, by all accounts your lady's back with us now.  She's let it go willingly and we alone possess the memories of her trials and exploits.  Are we done with the Minnon then?"  Marwyn nods affirmatively.  Waving a hand, Sanaia speaks in tongues unfamiliar to Marwyn.  With her words the glow wanes from the mouths and eyes of those snared within the ancient stone's embrace.  A breeze wisps through the room.  All the air within the chamber seemingly drawn into the cubical mass of coal-like substance as it fades again to an unimpressive dull black.  "Let us rejoin our guests," Sanaia suggests, "there is something of which you need be aware."  Both proceed to the game room to wish their visitors a safe trip home.  "Look to your former regal lord their, see how his lady attempts to comfort his eye.  I assure you also he has developed a rather annoying hangover, as they say, but I think it not of the wine he's been consuming.  When time permits you should review the last few minutes of her memories."
Hale, still riding high on his victory and glowing from ear to ear, rushes to Marwyn.  "Great game man, everybody's going to love this."  Hale exclaims joyously while shaking Marwyn's hand.  "You got a winner, dude, thanks for inviting us."  Hale retreats to join those at the buffet for a nightcap, though actually it's well past lunch time.
Let me tease you a bit, Sir," Sanaia suggests.  Marwyn nods.  "Is Lavare real?"
Marwyn squints, as to say how strange a question is that.  "Of course!"  He assures forthwith.
"And we as citizens there may proceed back and forth within the rules of Regal play, or as now with special permissions.  Yet none of either place may follow with us lest they fail in the passing and never be seen again.  And none here, but those of our own kind, even know from where we've come.  What difference then that this maiden has been able to venture back and forth, nearly at will in spite of us, to another world of neither place?  A fine one at that, too, entirely of fantasy that we helped her create.  One so fine in fact she seemed unable to assure herself which was real though she was aware of the other!  Confer with your three villains.  They are experienced, my binding here deceived them not for a moment, ask them what they though of hers.  So again, is Lavare real!  Or is it thus because we think so, as did she of this contrived fantasy just now?  Could we, thinking ourselves citizens of Lavare, be confounded of some clever paradox!"
"You know I'm but a pawn."
"Yes," She smiles, "and I too in this regard.  But still I dare, who's game are we really playing here?  There are many similarities between our position here relative to our world, and hers there, relative to here.  Could we the players be and she the game master, sir?"
His task complete, or so he thinks, Marwyn chooses to dismiss Sanaia's bewildering theories and at last draws a welcome breath of relief. He hastens to rejoin his guests fully confident that were Leona drawn back into his world, she would not arrive ill equipped.  The conversation is still lively though signs of fatigue are apparent.  Surveys attesting to the game's merits or the short falls thereof are dispensed to each player for return at their convenience.  With a yawn, Art announces the time to be slightly after four.  Everyone presumes that to be AM until Sanaia slides the vestibule doors aside.
  "Is that the sun?" exclaims the yuppie formerly known as Lord Roux with a recoil.  The light's impact upon his eyes not a kind jester to the thumping discomfort behind his brow.
"Sure looks like it," confirms his royal mate.
He looks at his watch.  "It's Saturday afternoon.  Oh man... are we late.  You gotta drive, my head's pounding."  They rush out to their Vet and zoom away without so much as a fare-thee-well.
The punks exchange gleeful smiles.  "Wow!" they quietly pronounce in unison, then, bid their hosts a fine day.  The girl follows her knight or jester as the case may be, holding ever so dearly onto his little finger.
Aren't we supposed to be at your cousin's barbecue around six... today?"  The former tax collector inquires of his vamp.  She nods.  He sighs, "Going to be a long afternoon."  She nods again.  He turns toward Sanaia and nods.  "Interesting... see ya."
Hale can't stop yawning now that he realizes what time it is.  "I suppose you wanna stop and get a burger," Beth presumes.
"Not really," he barely manages in the midst of a mighty inhale.
Nibbling non-aggressively at the tip of her trigger finger.  "Can I have that in writing?" Beth muses.
Mark observes Leona to be noticeably calmer than during the game.  This he feels an assurance her thoughts are once again in proper order.  Though something is on her mind, for she dallies about conspicuously while the others take their leave.  A small debt yet remains and she hopes to balance the account before departing.  When the coast is clear she approaches Mark.  "Earlier, when I met your pet, while I was snooping around your weapons collection, remember?"
"I assure you, your curiosity was not offensive," Mark quietly reaffirms. 
"Anyway, I sort of, well actually... I did promise your owl a treat, if that's okay with you?"
"Treats are the joy of Ulik's day."
"What do you think he might like?" she asks discreetly.
Glancing toward the remains of the buffet, Mark advises, "Someone appears to have rejected the pepperoni from their pizza.  I have a feeling he would like that a lot."
"Great... I was afraid I'd need to round up an unfortunate mouse or something."  Leona rescues the abandoned sausage, bending each slice over double to provide an accessible edge and neatly arranging them on a clean paper plate.  The moment she turns back toward Mark Ulik swoops out of the darkened hall behind the podium.  Gliding low across the floor, then throwing his wings up like sails, he rises gracefully to Mark's extended arm.  Presenting her offering with a courtly smile and gracious nod, Ulik accepts, delicately gathering up the slices with ease.
He's become too fond of spicy leftovers to bother the mice anymore.  "Whooo... Who-Whooo!" comes a seemingly appropriate response, as he turns his head and blinks.
"Lucky for them, those talons are ferocious.  Doesn't that hurt?"
"Something the size of my arm he can manage a good tight grip.  You wouldn't want him to perch on your shoulder though; there he might tend to dig in a little more... to feel secure."
"Well," she yawns, "oh! excuse me, better get rolling, crew's tired and anxious to get home."  Holding up the survey form, she assures, "I'll get this in the mail back to you on Monday.  Enjoyed your game, I think it'll fly.  Maybe we'll see ya around."  On her way out she casts an inquisitive eye toward those curious sliding doors.  Is it the library or armory that lies beyond? she wonders.  Truly a temptation to peek in and see for sure, but she resists.
'Tis done now, and with the departure of their beguiled guests illusion also begins to seek equilibrium.  The gracious Victorian fades, giving way to a tragically deteriorated wood frame house.  Even the lead plumbing's been stripped away by vandals to the local scrap yard and not a single door nor pane of glass remains intact.  That which was the room of spells has come to be a flimsy lean-too attached at the rear, the roof having collapsed long ago rendering the interior a mildewed ruin.  Though nary the boldest insect dared show its face there from dusk of yesterday till now.  A battered station wagon, the hood propped against its fender, sits alongside where just moments before a jaguar was perceived to be.  The exquisite grounds are now revealed as a haphazard tangle of weeds and ornery briers but for a mowed area which granted the visitors unrestrained access.  Stone sculptures have changed into rusting appliances and random heaps of rubbish litter the landscape.  Aside from the two, tall strategically placed bronze lamps that initiated the guise, the wondrous portal and surrounding walls are now only remnants of a crumbling wooden picket fence.  Though still very agile for one approaching her eighty-sixth year, Sanaia has withered a bit, too.  Mark, Ulik, and the Minnon's stone, the only constants of this deception remain as they were and truly are.  Majesty it seems is a simple matter of perception.  For thus, might a shard of broken glass in just the right light sparkle well as any diamond or star would dare entice?  Nine shinny black Chevy Suburbans have arrived and it's not a raid by the CIA.  A crew of husky fellows carrying crates emerge.  They will gather the two lamps and carefully pack the Minnon and it's base for the journey back to Lavare.  Dozens of security personnel and others with special talents emerge from the surrounding areas like termites from the wood work and converge upon the caravan.
"She would serve her city well if it comes to that," Sanaia remarks judiciously.  "There are few who would strike a promise to a bird and far less who would keep it.  I like this child.  Only a single flaw do I notice for one on such a course."  Mark turns a curious eye to await her valued opinion.  "I fear she's too loyal to her friends to be a politician.  She need learn that lies are deadlier than a knife in the back."  Sanaia passes the box of enchanted candles to Marwyn.  None of their guests took exception of the oddity that none had melted.
Hale and Beth have curled up amongst the battle accessories for the return trip.  "Hale, you ever considered letting your beard and mustache grow in?" Leona suggests.  "Judging from the shadow, might look good."  Turning her eyes to Beth, "What do ya think?"
Beth draws back to take a look.  "Maybe... be scratchy for a while, but I might make the sacrifice.  Huummm... Could be interesting once it got soft."
"What brought that up?" Art asks.
"Just a thought.  Let's get home, I'm so used up."

Chapter-16

THE REAL PRIZE, DURER, YET UNCLAIMED;
DARE SHE RISK THE DEADLIER GAME?

Having reviewed the Minnon's chronicle of events, the Henzec Tribunal has concluded Leona quite capable as to the matter of her safety within Lavare; questions of her willingness to relocate being set aside for the moment.  "Sadly mismanaged, as has been the case these past twenty years," The Nobleman of Equity concludes, "The House of Durer would benefit and likely prosper under the leadership of one possessing the level of determination she's demonstrated."  Is she then to be allowed to continue upon her present course toiling in the arts' of alchemy a stranger to herself as much as we?  Or do we set upon a path that she be conscripted as Lady of Durer, likely against her will, and that having been demonstrated to be a formidable obstacle?  We must ask ourselves; is the good of the realm a higher calling than the good of the maiden."
Grave questions these, perchance quite literally for some.  Lack of a monarch has not improved the city's lot.  Upon mandate of this very court the good citizens of Durer are subjugated by the constant bickering of three adjoining kingdoms in the name of providing a necessary civil authority.  At times these supposed good faith administrators have come to the point of proposing a physical division of the city itself including even the ramparts and gates.  Though all is not but wars of words, bloodless combat where character assassinations and underhanded politics have replaced the customary slaughter of good men.  Besides, they know the Henzecs would not allow outright bloodshed.  Of course there are occasionally fatal accidents.  Goals are difficult to define when the future is misguided so; loyalties become subverted unto frivolity and trust is reduced to the need for one's personal survival.  Thus, the good citizens of Durer languish under the yokes of waste and egomania.  However, with Leona's appearance and now the Minnon's nonpartisan intervention, questions as yet unresolved and shrouded beneath 20 years of dust are bubbling to the surface again.
Perceived to have the last word in such matters, the tribunal's decisions are considered absolute.  However, as Sanaia had warned, 'other interested parties' have come into this matter.  The omen of which is sleeping peacefully on a dried leaf confined within a quartz sphere.  Said bubble firmly secured atop a pedestal forged of extraordinary restraining elements.  This amidst six very sober robed figures pledged to sacrifice whatever is required to contain it.  Each of them chant in rhythmic whispers while meditating to soothe the little demon bound therewithin.  A creature perceived by its surrogate mother to be a bird, and thus so named, but that more of unrealized expectations than a misunderstanding of species.  And really, what one chooses to call this tiny creature matters not.  The question at hand being rather how has it come to be part of this riddle of Durer.
Marwyn's presence has been requested to clarify some loose ends--at least, this he expects.  On his left the sphere and its apparently volatile contents and to his right a small table.  Thereupon the medallion given up by the troll, Patch, in Leona's defense, and remarkably, her sword also.  Marwyn looks to the weapon with concern.  Aside from the medallion, thought lost within the workings of the spell, this is an element of Leona's memories made real; something that should not rightly exist.  The task assigned to him is complete, and admirably so.  Not only has he found the heir of Durer as requested, but also produced reasonable evidence to support her probable survival were she to return.
"Marwyn of Cereta... what do you know of that?" the Lord of Consequence inquires, pointing to Leona's pet.
"As a child I recall stories of tiny dragons who were thought able to set fires."  Marwyn continues with a cautious reserve.  "They were the delight of every storyteller.  I had never seen one until it appeared on the maiden's fingertip and even then I had no idea it was the creature of lore."
"Few have," implies the Judge of Sorrows.  "For nearly none so unfortunate have come away to tell the tale.  A dragon bites, you see.  They're about the size of a goat, strut around like large peacocks.  Golden brown, sometimes bluish, and they screech a lot, very annoying, something akin to a blue jay.  And very rare, too, but completely tame by comparison."  Pointing toward Bird, he continues.  "That, however, by definition is more a sort of demon; theoretically something which does not exist, they make no sound, they incinerate."
"By definition?"  Marwyn repeats inquiringly.
"They are the only known creature within the realm that does not abide the laws of nature.  You saw what happened when the witch tried to take the girl as she slept."
"Oh yes!" Marwyn admits with a sober tone of respect.  "Only then did I realized what it might be.  My learned associate, the sorceress Sanaia, immediately became aware something was out of place when it first appeared.  We dared not unravel the spell.  That is, the Minnon stood in her place and was aware of what was happening, but the maiden herself really didn't know.  Had we crossed the line and pulled her back it might have caused harm to the lady's mental disposition later."  Marwyn glances discreetly toward the demon he's somehow called forth.
"Be at ease, lad," the Nobleman of Equity assures.  "There is no plague come upon us.  Very slight is their number at our lever of the realm.  They blend peacefully with other small creatures and go unnoticed unless they are challenged, a cat or snake usually.  Fears arise only when some good citizen happens to witness the event.  Next thing, don't you know, everyone's off to drinking in excess and hunting dragons for a few days."
The Lord of Consequence rephrases his question; perhaps another approach might bring to mind some subtle clue as to why the demon's involvement.  "Her memories imply the creature hatched from an abandoned egg she found and assumed to be that of a bird.  Did you notice anything unusual as to how this came about?"
"I presumed it arose from one of the acquired memories used to construct the challenge.  Perhaps the witch herself actually had such an experience.  How is that done, the fire, if I may ask?"
"You may not," the Lord of Consequence admonishes, then clears his throat.  "Their origin and purpose is not a matter for discussion.  'Tis better thought to allow the sorcerers and such of our world to speculate than to confirm anything they suppose to be true."
Marwyn humbly nods his understanding.  "I beg your pardon, Milords.  Have I offended someone by my choice of means to resolve the lady's identity?"
"None are displeased with your efforts, sir.  You've done very well."
The Nobleman of Equity shrugs his shoulders slightly.  "We failed to anticipate your approach might reveal this little skeleton of a sort we've been hiding in our closet for these many years."
"I would care to know, how does she control it?"  the Judge of sorrows implores quietly.
"I don't believe she can," Marwyn informs.  "She appears to have no capacity in matters of sorcery.  They seem as a child and a puppy."
"A puppy!"  The inquiring judge turns to his associate, the Nobleman of Equity.  "One must be the master and the other thereby enticed.  Folly I think to imagine they stand eye to eye," he concludes smugly.
When the judge's attention returns, Marwyn continues defensibly.  "She never called upon it, even at the most perilous of times.  Milords, I truly believe she no understanding of what it was."
"In fact, that was duly noted, but Fate does not err in such ways."  The Lord of Consequence confides, somewhat frustrated, clasping his hands together and pointing with both forefingers.  "Which brings us to our dilemma.  What meaning should be attributed to the appearance of this extraordinary puppy?  And what are we to suppose with the delivery of this sword and demon here to us?  We thought perhaps you might know."
"Not I, Milords."
"There were occasions when she was enticed to abandon her world stay in the domain of her thoughts." implies the Lord of Consequence.  "Was this your doing?"
"Quite the opposite, Milords.  I prearranged the confrontation with the three trolls, thinking it best to have done with her trials quickly and simply."  Marwyn admits somewhat hesitantly.  "All other circumstances, as far as I know, were the free workings of the players themselves.  She was tormented constantly by doubt, never sure which path was real."
"A citizen of the realm she is," reminds the Judge of Sorrows.  "And this entire matter being the result of Regal Game play, thus say I, her obligations are subject to our jurisdiction no matter where she resides at this time.  Being completely unaware of the world of her origin is not an acceptable defense, but even more the reason to enlighten.  Lacking proper license as well, which is granted solely to those playing the Games Regal, her presence in sanctuary violates protocols of every sort.  I appreciate certainly great influence was employed to accomplish the child's departure, but her origin is now known and may not be ignored.  Under these circumstances, I submit none may harbor doubt of this.  To Lavare and the court of Durer she must return."
Marwyn's sad-of-eye expression inspires not hope, either for himself or the maiden who's feet he held to the fire.  The Lord of Consequence replies to his advocate's silence with only a great exhalation.  Why do the all-knowing inquire of me?  Marwyn wonders, perplexed of their apparent dilemma.  Surely they know that which has happened was meant to be.
"One last thing, lad.  What of this witch... Rueshaba?  How exactly did you come upon such an idea?"  The Lord of Consequence questions with notable reserve as one not wishing to raise undue alarm by his tone of voice.  "That has become a very sticky point, my boy.  Frankly, we were astonished to find that this particular crone had been invited into your plot.  Why include so lethal an adversary?  In fact, we are advised that even under these circumstances she might have caused harm, even so far as death to this maiden who has come under our protection.  What were you thinking, lad?"
Yes, and more important," The Nobleman of Equity intercedes, "exactly how did you acquire that candle?  No one, and I repeat no one is aware of her location.  Even we do not know where Rueshaba is kept!  So, how do you?"
Marwyn is caught entirely off guard by their assertion.  "Milords," he pleads "I was given to understand the candle was provided under your direction."
All the judges are taken aback at Marwyn's disclosure.
"Milords, I beg your pardon, I did not recognize the messenger, but the ring you gave verified the instrument's seal to be authentic.  Thus, as I'm sworn to uphold your instructions I was obligated, without question, to assign the candle to one of the participants."  Marwyn retrieves the document and the silver flask from his pouch and places them along with his ring upon the solicitor's evidence tray; whereupon all are presented to the judges for their scrutiny.
"We are subverted," The Judge of Sorrows whispers to his colleagues, pointing to the seals on the document.  "How can this be?  Who has the power to wage such deceit?  Marwyn, If ever you see this messenger or whomever he is again, point him out, pounce upon him if you must that we may know with whom he conspires."
"Sanaia was also hesitant to install this witch."  Marwyn continues, "but she was bound to do as I bid just as was I to you, thus it was done.  We both were aware of how deadly the candle was that is why I've gathered all that remained and brought it with me back to Lavare."
"Could Rueshaba have been intended as an assassin?"  The Nobleman of Equity proposes.
"Prior to its doing," proclaims an embittered Judge of Consequence, "all knowledge of this venture was confined to this room.  This very room I say!" he shouts, pounding his fist upon the bench.  "Everyone that could have known shall be put to the Minnon, everyone... including myself, the trader must be found out.  I swear I'll boil'em in oil," he barks. "if I have to carry the wood myself."  The good judge affirming his declaration with a final firm wrap to the bench.  "Bam!"
Never has Marwyn known a judge's composure to unravel in the least let alone to this.
"Indeed, this suggests of the same vile business that begun this dilemma in the first place,"  the Judge of Sorrows continues sorrowfully.
"Gentlemen," The Nobleman of Equity proposes, bowing his head slightly and spreading both arms as to ask for calm.  "Let us finish with the concern at hand that we may retire and better address these treacheries."  He motions to someone as yet unseen behind Marwyn.
A tall willowy fellow with the devil's own smile and a gleam in his eye to match steps up alongside Marwyn.  A few cautious silent moments pass as though a stage is being set before the curtain may be drawn away.  Marwyn knows that within the realm of theater there is but comedy and tragedy and these sober fellows seldom laugh.  Nodding graciously to their visitor, the Lord of Consequence addresses Marwyn.  "The demon has been sanctioned a laurel honorably taken and must be returned to the maiden along with her weapon, the troll's coin... and her memories."
"Her memories!"
"Yes... do I sense a question?"
"Milord, what need has a queen for a demon?"
"Whatever need she chooses.  This matter has risen beyond our authority."  The judge turns his gaze toward their svelte visitor.  "Solicitor," He acknowledges with a respectful nod, "this is the lad whom you seek."  Words Marwyn halfway expected, but had hopped not to hear.
"Marwyn of Cereta," the Solicitor recites: "you are hereby bound without recourse to entice by whatever means, Leona of the House of Durer, that she join the conflict Regal.  As you tormented, now you shall nurture; as you deceived, now you shall guide and protect.  Thus, shall you remain in her service as advocate until she has participated from start to finish in five sanctioned Regal Games and during such course accumulated no less than three kilos of rewards.  Then may she petition to take the House of Durer.  'Till such is done, sir, or death... do you part."  He smiles and extends his hand.  Marwyn accepts with a nod and a firm grip.  "Fare thee well, for you are one of us now, brother."  He consoles, handing Marwyn the scroll and bowing slightly, then stepping backward till he's merged with the dark surroundings.
Marwyn glances at the document knowing absolutely 'tis not an offer one may refuse.  Raising his eyes to the somber judges, he dares to plead.  "Milords, the girl is proven capable, she is by all accounts the rightful heir, and thus the solution to your great dilemma, yet now you condemn this once a treasure to such risks of life and limb?"
"At first this may seem harsh," smiles the Lord of Consequence, "but 'tis not a sentence to labor in the mines.  More an opportunity," he encourages optimistically, "one of a magnitude upon which I dare not speculate.  And... like you, we also must do as we are instructed."
"Lad, it has to be you," the Nobleman of Equity adds.  "You are the only one she might trust.  May I advise you be truthful about your involvement.  Tell her everything, but allude cautiously if at all to the events of this moment that the task not discourage.  She may not come to appreciate what you've done, not at first, but I think it wise she know you relationship is honest and truthful for the most part.  This maiden is of good stock.  Were it not so she would have bashed her paramour with the copper pot for betraying her or simply abandoned him, but in the end she risked much to see him safe away."
"At Durer her calling would be not the formulation of potions and neither may she disrupt Lavare's balance with devices like those she created during her trials.  That point must be very clearly instilled." reminds the Judge of Sorrows, "but to rule.  Rule is not divinely acquired as some in sanctuary would proclaim; wisdom and certain talents are necessary, yet still it is a learned skill.  As any smith acquaints himself with the ways of iron she need serve an apprenticeship. Learn how much heat to apply that the metal bend to her will, not break nor melt."
The judges rise and walk into the darkness.  One to another may be perceived under his breath, "We must discover this traitor before he succeeds."  The six solemn folk concerned that Bird remain contentedly napping shudder when Marwyn haphazardly gathers up Leona's puppy.  One thrusts his hands beneath Marwyn's should the protective sphere slip from his grasp.  Marwyn's taken the position that whoever's fabricated this caper has a leash on his new master's pet as well.
--
Considering the game's disruption, it's taken Leona three nights to get back into a normal sleeping schedule.  Beth didn't make it to class at all on Monday and remained in uncontrollable yawn-mode all the day following.  Each afternoon Leona replays the events of getting lost between the library and armory and remaining ever confounded as to what actually happened.  Now though, she sleeps peacefully watching several youngsters, of which she may be one, at play in her dreams.  They maneuver their toy trucks over a pile of coarse river sand beneath a massive old apple tree.  A contingent of large black ants diligently trudge across the tricky dunes to reach the trunk.  Their determination is admirable among the huge creatures at play, for at any moment one or all of them could be crushed, buried or swept away without a thought.  Once there, as those who've come upon an oasis, each meticulously acquires a tiny bobble of sap hidden beneath the bark.  Then again they risk the giant's wrath to carry their treasures away as gracious offerings to their queen.  In truth, the children care not.  But for Leona, who wonders intently upon how they find the way back to their underground fortress.  Somewhere safe, as she is now, beyond the play desert's edge.
Curtains flutter as a breeze slips through her open window; moonlight fills the room.  Thereupon these gossamer beams faint image of Sanaia comes to be, quietly watching, bearing gifts of the most delicately woven filigree.

Memories, like a scant gray fleck of down,
Lost among the ashes of a day,
Or the shy snowflake,
Unnoticed in a swirling winter's play.

Carefully hidden, ever secure,
That none might wonder astray.
Though sold by some, and yet
By others freely given away.

I've borrowed a few of yours;
Now let them once again be known.
Concealed no longer by royal decree,
Thus, time has come they've found a home.

Extracted now for you to recall,
Freed from the Minnon's stone.
Each carefully hidden there deep within,
Though never but yours to own.

Kept safe while games you thought to play.
Now I bid thee pleasant dreams
Until the light of day,
When all shall come again nevermore to fade away.

Sanaia places the troll's pierced coin on Leona's dresser.  This shall do to stir your thoughts should you think of them as but dreams gone astray.  Sanaia's translucent image blends with the shadows and is gone.
Leona flops over assuming another subconsciously comfy position merrily mingled with her favorite skimpy cotton blanket.  First rays of the morning's sun are beginning to seep through the trees and flicker about on the living room wall.  Within a few minutes light begins to creep through the bathroom window behind the shower curtain, thus, faintly illuminating the hall.  Leona, fast asleep though she may be is becoming ever more restless.  At the moment she's got one of her pillows locked in a bear hug, but it seems to be counterattacking, getting the best of her it would seem.  Outnumbered three to one by these man-eating marshmallows, likely she would be pinned were it not for a desperate Mongolian toehold upon one corner of her fitted sheet.  Mismatched crystal saltshakers acquired from local flea markets have been lined up across the middle frame of her bedroom window.  Early, when the sun comes nearly horizontal across the landscape, the first beams strike these head-on.  The sharply cut prisms thus project small irregular rainbows all about the room--a pleasant way to greet the morning, but most often missed for lack of early AM enthusiasm.  On this occasion, there shall be no lazy avoidance however, for with the light the Minnon's secrets shall come to mind.  Every feathered creature thereabout seems to know, each chirping and twittering anxiously to herald the coming event.
Her bedroom seemingly bursts into pyrotechnics, no less a display so grand as Buckingham Palace on the wedding night of an English king.  Leona's eyes flash wide open; she bolts upright, her mind racing through the meadows, gateways, and battles of another world.  Memories flood into her head; reality is dissolving surely as a torrent of boiling water would melt the icicles of a winter's frozen morn.  Twenty-three highly eventful days have just been added to her life within a fraction of a second.  She collapses back into the soft fuzzy consoling arms of her blanket, staring helplessly at the freeform spectrums gliding wistfully across her bedroom ceiling.  Her pillows take this as a declaration of surrender and gracefully relent 'least till slumber overtakes her again when they may choose to re-engage as ruthless foes.
Cautious be ye, the illusion dweller, as self-deception heeds neither restraint nor bounds and thus, possesses of no manners either.  For once loose, as a word spoken, such fabrics as those spun within the mind may never again be completely contained.  Temporary insanity is not to be taken lightly, particularly for one seeking a degree in the sciences.  Those so inclined must endeavor to keep their mind fodder in order; at all costs, quite separate from reality.  Just now, for Leona, that critical boundary has evaporated.  And what of logic?  Pouf!  Out the window with that, too.  Fortunate this awakening has occurred within the privacy of her own chambers, else some might think the lady vexed.
Much intense thought and a very long cooling shower later finds diagrams of Roux's Keep, Karn's hunting lodge, and Hemmil's laboratory strewn across her desk.  Lists of names, places, and events have been cut and pasted into chronological order as she attempts to rebuild the experience.  There are a few individuals on campus suspected of having adventures of this caliber on a regular basis, but Leona dwells not among their ranks.  Chemistry has always been a potential vocation, never a means of entertainment, or enlightenment, as some might plead.  Granted, if someone's passing a joint around she might take a hit, but no chartreuse mushrooms or biosynthetics.
Where did this medieval shit storm come from then? she wonders precariously.  It has to have been drugs.  A light flashes on in one of those seldom visited corners of the mind where suspicions quietly lurk.  That bastard wasn't testing a game, he was testing some new breed of LSD.  The game was a con... set up to create a rich environment, she surmises confidently.  With the others grounded, the target would always have a firm basis in reality.  They would play the game straight up and fuel the victim's fantasies.  That's it, gotta be!  'Cause if everyone got whacked out of their mind... the whole experience would become a blur.  "Right!" she reassures again, as those grasping at straws tend to do.  But why the hell did he pick me?  "Seems there were better choices among the available subjects," she mumbles, her emotions becoming more verbal.  "If that prick was trying to launch a rumor, he picked the wrong spokesman.  You bastard," she sputters adamantly, pounding her fist upon an innocent coffee table.  "You bastard, what did you do to me?"
Well, that explains everything.  Sure, except how could I have possibly found out Beth's pregnant?  But is she really?  Could be humoring me, just playing along.  Doubt it though... wouldn't be her idea of a joke--way too volatile.  Raising the troll's nearly punctured hexagonal coin to view, she further interrogates.  "Okay, so... where the hell did this come from?  Fiddlesticks!"
In her efforts to apply some rationale to the perceived events, she hasn't left the apartment nor answered the phone for three days now.  And, she's running out of cereal.  Indeed, so consumed at the moment by her conspiracy theories as not to realize someone's been knocking at her door.  At least till Beth tries to climb through an open window.  "What are you doing?" Leona inquires.
"You wouldn't answer the door, and I knew you were in here 'cause I could hear you talking to yourself."
"I didn't hear anything."
"Well, you were ranting.  Did you have any specific prick in mind or can I assume it was Art?"
"Na! someone else, sorry about that.  Go back around before you break a nail; the door's easier."
Once inside, Beth begins to fidget, casually trying to display the newly acquired little sparkler on her finger.  Right-handed from day one, though suddenly that nub is completely out of sight while her left paw takes over every little duty.  "So what's up?  You haven't been to class and I've called a dozen times.  I think your machine's on the blink.  You okay?  Are ya hiding out for some reason, or did you and Art make up big time?"
"Art nah! it's a lot more complicated than that.  This is Wednesday, right?"
"Yeah, you can't be that far off course."  Beth is getting impatient, but Leona just doesn't see the ring.  Between single girls, failing to notice the unscheduled appearance of a diamond is akin to missing a local Richter scale 6 earthquake.
Suddenly Leona catches a flash of light from the sparkler on Beth's finger.
"All right! lemmy see."
"Yeah!"  Beth purrs, as she lights up.  Good thing too, she couldn't have held out much longer.
Leona locks Beth in a hug.  "This is so great; have you set a date?"
"Not yet, but soon; he knows we have a family.  Picked me up and danced around for 15 minutes.  It was like being on one of those rides at the water slide fun park that takes you everywhere you want to go.  But you don't have to steer it, 'cause it has a voice-recognition gadget."
They chatter, reviewing the fine points of how Beth had it all set up; it's a welcome change of venue.  Confirming Beth's expecting, on the other hand, has just shot the feathers out of Leona's designer drug-test theory.
"So what's the deal?  Why you cutting classes?" 
"Everything's kinda up in the air.  I couldn't formulate a cup of coffee right now."
"Is Art up to something?"
"You give him way too much credit.  Believe me, nothing he might do could knock things this far out of whack."
With an impish smirk Beth probes coyly.  "Hummm, a new guy maybe?"
"No... problem is, I kind of lost my mind for awhile.  So I'm sorta trying to figure out where I left it... and why.  Everything seems okay now... I think.  But there are questions... weird questions... lots of weird questions."
"You're the only not-crazy person I know," Beth assures.
"I'm a little scared, I can't put it together."  Leona flops onto the couch with an exhausted sigh.  "Believe me, you have no idea what happened last Saturday while we were at that guy's place."
"Yeah," Beth recalls, "I remember, you were kind of freaked out a little."
"A little, Yeah, 'cause I was in two places at once... and they were like 700 years apart."  Leona motions broadly toward the accumulation of papers scattered about the room.  "Look at this," she stammers woefully.  "Like, I've accounted for almost three weeks.  And except for a few minutes, none of it occurred in that fancy room where the rest of you were playing the game."  Her voice rises notably.  "I mean... I was there, but I wasn't, ya know?"  Beth's rosy disposition has cooled to concern; she shrugs ever so slightly in cautious agreement.  "Where'd all this come from?"  Leona continues in a searching tone, "and where'd it go?  I was all over the countryside, like sixty or eighty miles anyway.  And there were hundreds of people, and this jackass was chasing us all over the place.  And it all had to happen in that one night.  Three weeks in one night?  Can't be... so what happened?  I mean, Shit!  Where the hell was I, and how'd I get there?"  
"You're starting to make me nervous here," Beth cautions, retreating to her favorite repose--a frumpy, overstuffed old chair which nearly swallows anyone brave enough to enter its grasp.  Thereafter, hardly a word dares she contribute while Leona relates the impossible dream.  Delicately so at that, bypassing gory details which might betray themselves as signs of total paranoia.  Two hours, several Diet Cokes and a pint of tequila later, the tale's interrupted by another subtle knocking at the door.
"I'll get it," Beth volunteers.  "It's probably my betrothed.  Told him I'd be here."  Beth's glee at the thought of having Hale confirm their engagement with his own words turns to awe.  A stout, smartly appointed fellow with a coal black beard and impeccable manner presents himself with a courteous bow.  He's carrying a very large elegantly wrapped flat box with live orchids attached to the broad satin ribbons bound thereabout.  A burgundy stretch limousine graciously awaits at the curb, the driver standing at attention adjacent the opposing passenger doors.  
"Miss Guthrie?"  He inquires.
Beth's imagination is wandering all over the possibilities as she fakes aloofness, calm, and composure.  "Ah... No, she's... I'll get her... don't move."  Beth soon reappears with a cautious Leona in tow.
"Miss Guthrie," the courier again seeks to verify.
"Yes," she replies as near a whisper as one might approach and still be heard, whereupon he relinquishes the gift.  "Thank you!"  
"Good day, Milady."  With that he again bows respectfully and departs.
Beth is aglow with curiosity.  "Milady... Oh boy!"  A whole litter of puppies could not be more enthusiastic at the prospect of a prim-rib dinner.  "No way that's from Art," she presumes aloud.  "He couldn't afford the wrapper.  I was right!  You met someone."  Leona returns a blank pout.  "Come on, we're talking Arab nobility here, or Brad Pitt... aren't we?"  Leona sets the package aside as though it were yesterday's newspaper.  "Leo... that wasn't UPS, aren't we going to open it... please?"
"This has something to do with that game," she retorts sternly.  "That could be Pandora's box... for real!"
"You're not going to open it?  Leo... you've gotta be kidding!  Those flowers are nicer than the ones I got for the prom."
"I'm trying to tell you, something freaky is going on here."  Leona agonizes for a moment, then, relents slightly.  "If you want, you can put the flowers in some water.  Just don't be surprised if they turn into snakes.  But we don't open the box."
--
Wistinn's Greyhound stop is also the local hardware store, diner and Laundromat.  There, for the moment a somewhat paranoid Lady of Durer patiently awaits sight of her grandmother's immaculate beige '61 Ford pickup.  Granny had called saying there was a minor emergency requiring Leona to return home, the nature of which she preferred not be discussed over the phone.
Grandma looks well and seems cheerful as ever, which lightens some of Leona's concern about this mysterious emergency.  "Dear you look wonderful!" granny entreats as they embrace.  
"You too, how's Pap?" Leona asks.
"Sturdy as a rock.  He's off to Macon, searching out parts to fix that ancient tractor of his again.  The old cheapskate would rather replace every screw and bolt in that thing at a premium than buy a new one.  I expect he'll stop to shoot the bull with his buddy, Albert, so he won't be about till dinner.
"You okay?"  Leona inquires.
"Sharp as an arrow, dear."
"Pap didn't blow up the lab, did he?"
"No!" her grandmother teases.  "I expect that's a chore for you someday."
"Is it Carmel Girl... is she okay?" Leona ventures to inquire cautiously.
Frisky as ever.  She'll be pleased as peaches to see you.  Some times Pap will try to get by if the syrup bottle is empty.  She'll paw the ground and focus those big eyes right on his, like, 'haven't you forgotten something?'  If someone ever went through our trash," Granny teases, "with all the empty corn syrup bottles we through out, they'd be thinking we must serve up a pan cake breakfast for all the neighbors every morning."
"Well, that's about all the emergencies I can think of, so what's up?  Are things getting short with my tuition and all?  I know where I can snap up a job pretty quick."
"Nothing like that, dear.  Let's wait till we get settled in at home; there's no rush." 
"I'm having my own little dilemma, too.  Everything always seems to happen at once."
"Not really, be assured, every thread of every fabric is connected... in some small way."
The drive home is laced with small talk and a welcome view of the countryside.  Upon arrival, Leona is quick to snatch a couple apples from the spring house, then upon her way to the barn.  She clangs the old bell several times, "Carmel, Carmel," she calls out.  In a few moments Leona's mare trots around the side of the meadow and soon accelerates to a gallop.  Several fond hugs and words of admiration later and they are off at a fine pace to revisit the landscape so familiar to both.
Upon her return Leona is treated to a hefty slice of a favorite, homemade black walnut cake piled high with orange flavored dream whip, not icing.  It's great, but a sure sign she is being primed for a duzy.  Granny waits till she's finished off her treat, then, drops the bomb.
"We've had a visit... from your friend, Marwyn."
"Marwyn?" Leona wrinkles her brow as though to stimulate some displaced recollection.
"I don't think I know any Marwyns."
"The lad with the pet owl, dear."
Leona jumps to her feet totally blindsided; her thoughts go in all directions.  "Mark!" she shouts, "that bastard was here?  You know him?"
"Not until last week, but he's been expected... sooner or later, though we had hoped later."
"He's no friend of mine.  Is my shotgun still in the closet?  I need to talk to him in a radical way.  Do you know where that turkey's hiding out?"
"No dear, but he'll find you when the time comes, I'm sure."
"When what time comes?" she stammers, anxiously pacing the kitchen.  
"You're being called home.  And I believe Mr. Marwyn has been assigned as your escort."
"I am home," she snaps, "and why would I need an escort?  Aren't I?" she adds cautiously.
"We weren't sure it would ever come to this, but it has.  This is why you've been taught the arts of elements and trained in the use of a bow.  A bow is a lady's most effective weapon."
"Weapon!  You say that as if you shoot at people all the time."
"Not recently."
"You shouldn't say things like that; some fool might overhear and take you seriously."
"You asked, my dear."
"Okay, but don't tell anyone else," she cautions, "even if they ask.  Why would you do that anyway?  I mean, you're kidding, right?"
"Not at all," she advises calmly.  "I was a player of the games; allied with the House of Durer when the trouble began.  Things happened very quickly.  It violated all sort of rules.  But before anything could be done... it was too late.  For Durer and your family it was over."
"What was over?"
"Durer! my city, and yours also."
"You're not making sense.  What's this Marwyn guy been telling you?"
"Why don't you sit down for awhile?"
"Is there any of Pap's cider around?"  A glass of sparkling apple brandy is forthwith at her command.  "All of a sudden, everything is about games," Leona continues after a sip.
"In a nutshell," Granny assures, "that's about right."
"What do you mean?  Wait till I get a hold of that jackass Mark again.  He's going to wish he never crossed my path with his bullshit.  And he has no business bringing you into this."
"None of this is his doing; it was your mother's wish."
"What about mom?  What does an avalanche have to do with this Mark character and his games?"
"There was no accident dear.  We can only presume your family perished during the siege."
A moment's silence is needed while that last statement is digested. "No accident!  But!  Wait, the siege of what?  Are you serious?  We're talking King Author or something now?"  Leona jumps back to her feet, stunned.  "What about the skiing accident?"
"At times, lies are not meant to harm; they can protect as well.  The story was a fabrication, dear, totally false."
"All bullshit?  What else?"
"Nearly everything." Granny admits sincerely.
"That's a lot!"  Granny acknowledges with an affirmative nod.  "You said presume, you mean no one knows for sure?"
"Likely not; things became very antagonistic during the last hours of Durer."
"That's the second time you've said that.  What the hell is Durer?"
"It was your father's city, one of thirty six that make up the realm of Lavare."
"The realm of Lavare," Leona repeats slowly, "are you playing video games on my old computer?"
"No!  Lavare is the land on the other side of the gateway."
"What gateway are we referring to?"  Leona questions.
"The portal dividing this world from yours."
"Mine!"
"Yes dear, as I said, neither you nor we are of this world."
"Holy shit!  Are you and Pap growing pot?  If you get caught they'll take the farm and everything.  So, your selling the weed to this Mark fellow?  And why would that be? to cover my tuition I'll bet.  Is that it?
"Calm down, dear.  I assure you I'm sane, sound, sober and we have more than sufficient funds to afford you a doctorates degree ten times over."
'Not of this world', Leona repeats.  "Are we talking another planet?  You guys think your being visited by aliens?" 
Lavare is right here among us.  Something which I don't understand allows it--they call it a shift.  Pap may be able to explain it further, but I cannot.  He understands such thing better than I."
"A shift, not a ship?" Leona clarifies, "right?"  Granny nods affirmatively "Okaayyy, good, how did we get here?"
"Your mother arranged it, it wasn't easy."
"My mother!"
"Yes dear," Granny repeats solemnly, "your mother."
"Are there others here from our world?"
"Several hundred last I remember.  We've been out of touch, you understand.  They are sanctioned, allowed to be here, we are not.
"Ahhh... Okay, so I'm an escapee.  We're all criminals and someone's coming to catch us?  This Marwyn guy?"
"I think not.  Had they such a desire, they wouldn't have waited till you came of age.  And likely we would have been kidnapped by other players and returned to the portal."
"Have I brothers or sisters?"
"You had two brothers.  Near as I can say, both were lost during the siege.  I'm sorry."
"Siege again, you mean like storming the battlements?  Granny that only happens in old movies."
"It happened the week after you were born, not quite twenty years ago.  You see, Darian and I are your guardians... not your grandparents."
"Guardians!  Oh shit!"
"Well, yes!  But please believe me," Granny reassure, "we do love you as our own daughter.  Indeed, we both are sworn to die in your service if the need arises."
"I hope it won't come to that."  Leona replies with a slight tinge of sarcasm.
"So do I, dear.  Pap and I were forbidden to tell you anything of your home or real family unless authorities of the realm came forward first."
"Leona's taken aback by these seemingly absurd revelations, presuming Mark has somehow covertly influenced Granny's thoughts as he did hers.  But, until she can uncover the source of this foolishness thinks it best for the moment to humor.  "This game, Marwyn or whoever set up, did it take place in this other world your talking about?"
"I think not.  Marwyn said your friends played too," Granny advises, "So, you were not in the realm for they could not go there.  You don't have to return as far as Pap and I are concerned... the choice is yours alone.  If they try to force you there are resources enough that you could slip away.  This world is much larger than ours.  With so many places to be one could easily lose themselves."
"Oh brother!  Granny, I need to sit and think about this King Arthur stuff for a while, okay?"  Leona graciously excuses herself and retreats to the porch, the shallower one on windward side of the house where the swing hangs.  Probably her favorite place in the whole world.  Here she would sit swaddled in Grandpa's heavy rain coat to endure the wrath of oncoming thunder storms, to seek solace within the chaos.  Sheets of rain would fill the air and lightning infused the mist swirling about the countryside with the musk of ozone.  It smelled so clean and pure and it cleared the mind also.  Though her face would be splashed and her hair soaked, all the rest of her remained warm and dry and protected.  Clarity, that's what she needs most right now to unravel this tangle of Marwyn inspired nonsense.  
I can't believe that guy actually came out here.  How does he even know where I live?  What the hell is his story?  And why involve Granny?  Sounds like she's on the same train I've been riding the last couple days and this Mark character is always near by.  He must be some kind of hypnotist.  And how do we get from my parent's skiing accident to an invasion scenario?  This is bullshit, but where did that damned coin come from?  That's the one glitch of logic here.  I can hold it in my hand, there's no doubt it's genuine.  I remember exactly where I saw it, laying there beside me in the water, But how does something real fall out of a dream?  Fiddlesticks!
 Granny imagines her adopted grand daughter has discounted recent events as some extravagant fraud, and who could blame her, really?  She phones Darian, her husband and co-conspirator to let him know the disclosure, as expected, has not gone well.  He's strategically positioned himself in Macon where he hopes to enlist the assistance of Albert, a wise and trusted old friend.  The only one he knows who might understand the gateway's complex abilities.
"Endless questions... yes... and I don't think she believes a word of it.  No... would you?  No, she's out on the swing.  I don't think she'll believe us... Yes.  Right now, considering I've just admitted lying to her for twenty years we no longer have much creditability, you know?  Not unless we can provide a rational explanation of how the gateway functions.  No, no, and I don't understand it either.  If you think you can trust him with our situation.  It's up to you.  But we dare not allow someone to provide a false interpretation; you know how technically oriented she's become."  When you return... okay.  We need milk by the way, yes, and Swiss cheese."
Tall grass sways hypnotically in the fields adjacent to the house.  The comforting hum of locust have set Leona's mind at least somewhat at ease.  Pap's apple brandy is sweet, fizzy and docile as a light wine, but there's a one-glass limit tonight.  The last thing she needs right now is a buzz.
All this bullshit, especially about my parents.  I've got to find this Marwyn bastard; he's going to get his head flattened.  What could he possibly have to gain by turning everything upside down like this?
When their ever-enlightening conversation resumes, Leona attempts to blend as many real events into the picture as possible.  From Granny's perspective, Lavare, but for the total lack of religion, appears to be on par with Europe of about the thirteenth century.  Is it an eerie coincidence that the same approximate time and place should be the setting of her recent unexplainable memories?  Likely as not, she surmises a conspiracy is afoot, but how and to what end?
Pap's old sedan rumbling up the driveway is a welcome sight.  She is anxious to get his take on these revelations  He has his friend Albert in tow, big man, middle fifties, a jolly Saint Nick sort with a fuzzy beard, lots of snow white hair and a friendly disarming personality.  They manage a cordial, pass the peas, would you like another roll type of dinner with not a word of Lavare or Marwyn.  All retire to the screened porch for the main event.  Dark now, an evening breeze and a chorus of katydids have joined the locust for this evenings entertainment.  Much to everyone's delight, a round of Pap's applejack and ice cream is forthcoming.  On this occasion, much as she loves the stuff, Leona declines in favor of coffee, strong and black.  The coming discussion is not concerning the latest phase in heavy metal music addressed in round-table fashion at an off-campus pub.  If someone intends to rethink the theory of relativity this evening she prefers her thoughts be unclouded. 
"Darian tells me you'd like to know what makes the world go round," Albert says with a disarming smile she recalls from last time she visited Santa Claus.  "Maybe I can help ya out some."
"Yes, I'd appreciate that," Leona replies sincerely.  "Truly I would."
"Albert, like us, was a player of the games Regal," Pap confides.  "Retired about twelve years or there abouts."  Albert nods, raising his glass in agreement.  "Prior to that calling he was apprentice to one of Lavare's most achieved alchemists.  And of late, he has toiled trying to understand how the mechanisms of this world and ours relate."
"I know what the gateway between our worlds accomplishes," Albert advises shyly, "but not what powers the shift.  Only those who built the device could say for certain what force allows it to work.  However, none know who they were," he admits regretfully.  I've heard to close the portal one need only move a large stone, but not in the sense it would block an opening.  An extreme measure, for once done, most agree it could never be undone.   Thus, my explanation will be somewhat coarse, presented as similarities more than fact of what you would deem physics."
"Before we start," Leona inquires, "may I ask a question?"
"I am at your service, milady."  Albert responds graciously with a respectful nod.
"How big is this other world--I mean like, compared to this one?"
"I had exactly the same personal curiosity when first I crossed and realized how large this realm is.  'Twas thus, I undertook to measure the realm as best I could.  No small task, it required several years within the course of my exploits as a player of the games.  This world, shaped as the path over the surface of a sphere, is boundless.  One may go in any direction full circle back to his point of origin.  The realm differs significantly, for it is contained within a boundary.  'Tis called by some, the mist, or the fog, but most and perhaps more appropriately refer to it as the soft wall.  Man being such a curious creature, many have challenged the boundary as the inquisitive always do, searching for the greener pastures of legend I presume.  Few have found their way back and all who have tell the same tale.  There is day and night though neither the sun nor moon can be seen and the day time is very dark by comparison.  There is rain and snow at times and one claimed to have come upon a vast area of still waters, but none have ever found as much as a single blade of grass.  The air is cool and very damp.  At the brightest clearest times one may see no further than twenty paces.  Aside from the occasional unpicked bones of the long lost, they being man and beast alike, only barren rocky ground or endless sand has been found.  I've concluded the area within the boundary as five to six times the size of your domain of California.  A great salt water sea which includes several large islands and many small ones comprises about a third of that."
"It's not an entire planet then," Leona confirms, "as we know this world to be?"
"'Tis not, but I feel certain it exists somewhere on this same plane."
"There is no way something that size could exist on earth and not be known," Leona counters.
"I understand your concern and I assure, I shall address it in due course, milady."
Leona smiles and nods her agreement.
"Lavare," Albert continues, "is comprised of thirty six independent domains or city states, each with a principal city of between ten and twenty thousand residents and each ruled by a single family, as was yours, Durer.  I would estimate there are three to four times as many more citizens scattered about in small villages and towns, giving us a population of about two and a half million in total.  The general consensus is that our world was created and is watched over by a grand sorcerer, but none know where he abides.  After much thought upon the subject I can not say that I disagree.  The boundary then, one could suspect, is meant to secure his domain from invaders.  And yes, it is a hindrance that neither may anyone leave but soon to perish."
"A sorcerer, not a king?"
"Correct, known by two names I've just recently found out, either Inquisitor or Benefactor depending upon the company one keeps.  Though we have no central government as you know it here.  There are no taxes, but there are rules imposed upon each domains' principals and the wise abide them.  
'Some of the families are a bit heavy handed, but in general 'tis a very civil society we have, really, not the Feudal world you might suspect as it came to be in Europe.  Unresolvable disputes within a ruling family commonly result in exile rather than the lopping off heads.  Each domain imposes its own taxes and laws, and all have accepted Lavare's standards of commerce encouraging much trade between the cities.  Usually each village has a constable to keep the peace.  Towns and lesser cities, a person of higher authority who's principal duty is tax collection, unfortunately, for the most part their selection is by appointment and since another of their responsibilities is dispute resolution the party paying the higher bribe will be found in the right.  No ruling family of any domain is permitted to sustain a force at arms of more than 222 men."
"Not much of an army."
"True, but thus, like it or not, the cities must remain much more tolerant as one can not effectively invade another.  Hence, there is no need of military alliances.  And so, that artful craft so popular throughout the Europe you know, of trading off ones children to secure guarantees against anther's aggressive actions is mute.  Make you no mistake, milady, 'tis not perfect.  There is still more than enough intrigue and treachery to go around, but it remains internal, family business as it may be said.  Outright war between domains, however, has long been off the table, both as a practical matter and more so because it simply is not permitted.
There are very few who spend their days in a dungeon, very few, for there is little if any waste of resources or manpower in our world.  Aside of murderers, generally all who run afoul of fair practices or the well being of the citizens spend their days on public works projects until they come to appreciate the error of their ways.  Murderers and other similarly vile individuals are consigned to the mines, a very unpleasant place.  
Slavery is forbidden, though one may bond themselves to another to make good a debt or more generally to learn a useful trade, but each may speak only for themselves in this regard as none are permitted to bind another.  There will always be scoundrels, and I'm sorry to say bribes are prevalent, but we try to discourage it well as we can."  
"How does one get to Lave?"
"First let me say, only those people and material objects that came from Lavare are permitted to return; in fact required under certain rules of the games.  Though many of the game players are very creative in their attempts to slip by with a little contraband," he chuckles.  "You may wonder then, why there are not many more of Lavare's citizens here about.  One may only move from this place or the other and back at a single point, the gateway.  Only those with license may do so, but with one notable exception, you!"  
"Me!  Why me?" 
That question is one I have no answer for.  Shall I begin then as to how it might exist and yet remain unknown?"  Nods of approval go round the porch.  "Very good, now then, let us think of each elemental kind of material, iron or sulfur and the like as a different house.  There are only a few kinds of brick to construct these from.  Milady, you would know the principal components as neutrons, electrons and protons.  I'm sure you also appreciate by stacking these bricks up in different ways, you get all these different kinds of material, the house of iron, the house of sulfur and so forth.  Same bricks, lots of possibilities and each having a distinct electrical quality."  Leona nods her understanding.  Albert replies with a smile, "Very good.  Keep in mind, electrical qualities also possess that which you call a frequency or resonance.  There is a house for example called hydrogen.  Just two bricks, but to build this house and put things in prospective, let's say with normal-sized common red fired clay bricks; they would be laid many thousands of feet apart.  Though there is a vast empty space between these two bricks, yet they make a perfect hydrogen house every time, and a very sturdy one at that."  Albert pauses, looking to Leona.  She affirms again with a cautious nod, as one listening for the catch in a bar room con.
"That immense space," Albert continues, "is not wasted, milady.  Now let us think upon another relationship, which at the time of its understanding was unbelievable to even the most learned of this world.  For who could imagine thousands of different radio and TV energies could fill the sky at the same time?  Piled one upon another, flying in all directions, but mind you, without conflict.  All exist in the same space, yet they totally ignore each other as though each is in their very own private world.  This is possible  simply because each is different, as the alchemists of this world would say, in frequency.
When one is selected by establishing a resonance, all others are excluded.  The receiver, a TV for example, refuses to recognize any but the one to which it has been tuned.  Doesn't mean the others are not there, but from the TV's point of view, resonant to only one specific frequency, all others fail to exist.  If you choose to view another channel, you must first change the receiving mechanism to recognize a different frequency.  The former image vanishes and a new comes to be.  It was there all along... but you neither saw nor heard it because the quality of frequency did not match or resonate to your specific selection.  All those you see not, still exist in the same space, waiting for you to call them forth.  Though they remain all around you, you may not interact with the others in any way.
All things of this realm," Albert continues; "have a uniformly cooperative resonance or frequency which interacts to create the materials around us now.  You could say... they are all on the same channel.  The population of this world is content to deal only with those materials with which they, like the TV, are in tune.  So... to them and their instruments any non-resonant materials are undetectable and thus do not exist.  Consider the more practical situation which is all around us.  Human eyes may only perceive light within a specific range of frequencies.  Yet though they exist, only with instruments may humans see the inferred and ultra violet spectrums.  They've always existed, but they did not, not until recently on the scale of evolution."
All this is clear as freshly stirred mud from Granny's point of view.  She's quite content with the fact of it's being; the why and how of it matters less to her than a broken egg.  Stay the course she will, however, listening attentively till the cows come home.  Anything to provide Leona a smidgen of confidence in the sincerity of their effort.  For this night shall forever alter the course this young lady had perceived of her life.
Albert closes his eyes, wishing for a moment to dedicate all his senses to the last drops of his brandy.  He inhales the vapors accumulated within his glass slowly, then settles back with a great yawn.  Pap is quick to offer his guest a refill, but Albert threatens to fall asleep if he partakes of one more sip.  This being an inconvenient time to nap, the brandy is officially retired for this evening.
Pap is appropriately wise in the ways of alchemy and much more so because of his tenure on this side of the boundary.  He's been Leona's tutor, taking great pains to sharpen her interests and inquisitive nature since her eyes first glimpsed the light of day.  Yet try as he may, Albert's explanations are far beyond his understanding.  His knowledge acquired entirely within the realm, is of a practical everyday nature and thus, lacks any concept of basic atomic particles.  Few of Lavare even imagine of such things.  Only this side of the gateway offers such knowledge and license to cross may only be had by those chosen to play the games.  Few of these become enamored with advancing their education, for this world offers many more exciting distractions for the rich and adventurous.
Though all science within Lavare is classified as alchemy, Albert's apprenticeship there would be better thought of as astrology and astronomy.  He is the rare bird, having had enough adventure while a participant of the games that he now seeks the rewards of knowledge.  Over these past twenty two years he has earned a doctorate in astral physics and is now well upon his way toward a master's in astronomy. 
After another immense yawn he continues his simplified dissertation of heretofore unthought-of phenomenon.  "Now, imagine the frequency or resonance element of the electrical characteristic of our bricks could be altered.  Think of it as a change in shape," he explains with a coy smile and a wink.  "It remains a brick, still possessed of all the qualities of a brick, but because the shape is now slightly different it will no longer fit together with other bricks even of the same material.  The natural order of things forbids a house to be built with different sized bricks--in this case, that is, bricks of a different resonance.  From where the new bricks stand, the old ones have ceased to exist just as the tuner refuses to recognize a signal to which it is no longer tuned.  So now we have two identical bricks, but for lack of a matching resonance they exist in two different places.  Any house build of these new bricks, though of the same plan and size and all else, may not exist in a community of homes constructed of the other bricks.  Think now of a community as being a compound of any material, just as the compounds of basic alchemy.  Only houses of like bricks, that is those of the same resonance may join to form a community.  Like the radio signals of different frequencies, you and all things relevant to you must be of the same order, identical in resonance or frequency to exist in this world."
Albert challenges, spreading both arms as to indicate their present surroundings. "Thus, all things not of compatible frequency must of necessity exist in another.  Just as the radio signals are completely transparent to each other, the new bricks will not acknowledge each other, join with each other, obstruct each other, see each other, or touch each other though they are kin in every way but one, matching electrical frequency.  The shift, due to the change of frequency allows them to fit between the others, to exist in all that empty space we previously examined.  They dare to be in almost the same place at the same time because each specific resonance has it's own level of existence, and all the materials with that same exact electrical characteristic must exist there also, for they simply may not be anywhere else."
"It seems a violation," Leona objects, "of the basic understanding; two things may not occupy the same space at the same time.  I mean, TV, cell phone and the entire electromagnetic spectrum in fact, are way different from solid matter.  They only seem to pass through each other because they're so very small and there's a tremendous amount of unoccupied space out there."
"Absolutely," Albert assures, tapping his finger upon the table top.  "Not only out there but right here too, from the point of view of mass this wood plank hardly exists at all.  Probably not even one billionth of one percent solid, but I defy you to push your finger through it."
"Huummm!"  The best response she can muster.
"Do you recall those two bricks making up the house of hydrogen and the vast space--mind you, on our scale--separating them?  There is a hypothesis which has been employed in many film entertainment's, the infamous black hole that draws everything closer and closer until it's been drawn into the phenomenon itself.  This is well accepted to be factual though it can not be seen aside of it's influence on other bodies.  Based upon that theorem, if you could remove all the space between all the particles of all the atoms comprising this entire planet, reducing it as it would be within a black hole, though the weight of it would be the same, the planet would shrink to the size of a golf ball.  Must be a lot of empty space there, yet even so, you may not push your hand through this table top unless you can alter the resonance of one or the other in which case one will no longer exist relative to the other.  Then the hand may pass until it encounters something with a resonance matching its own, something solid from that new point of view.  The realm of which we speak and many others of various natures and qualities exist within that massive void.  The systems are not in precisely the same space they are side by side.  The space between them is regulated, held constant if you will, by the difference in their basic frequency.  These brick houses are really very uncluttered.  If the change of frequency were only to shift the new brick a distance equal to the stride of a man, in our relative relationship hundreds of worlds to coexist in the same space, yet each remain unknown to any other until they are tuned in.  One of this realm's great alchemists has surmised bricks or matter and light or TV signals, that is wave form energies, are but two variations of the same thing.  E=mc squared are his words to describe their relationship.  Others have contemplated all I've told you to be possible, they fail only in the means to verify their hypothesis.  Anti-matter, backward stars, black holes as I've mentioned, one must have faith.  Astronomers have only evidence of these devices, but no hard fact of the sort one may touch or see.  That the alchemists of this realm have not the means to detect another existing in the same space is hardly cause to dismiss it, milady."
"I've never heard of anything like this," Leona insists; "not a hint, not a theory, nothing."
"Aside of valences, your training in the elements is of a different nature, more in the working of things around us than how the bricks came to be.  May I suggest a second major in physics."
Leona roles her eyes back and chuckles.
"Coexistence is not an uncommon arrangement limited solely to radio signals.  For a moment let us revisit light.  That portion which men can see may not penetrate the thinnest of veils.  Yet the slower forms, though they are not known to the eye, can be felt and pass easily through barriers the light of day may not.  They are but different frequencies of the same thing.  Some are tuned to the eye, others are known commonly to us only by their touch--as you say, infrared or heat.  And yet others, X-rays for example are not known to man at all except by uncommon means, film esposure for example.  In the eyes of an x-ray only very limited portions of you exist, all else is ignored.  Consider, If there was an entire world of objects and beings that existed on the level of X-rays here around us right now, who would know of it?  There would be nothing a human could see or touch, yet they are here, and they the least of them."  Leona shrouds her face in her hands.  Albert's arguments sound plausible and have a realistic basis in known relationships.  However, the thought entire worlds with living beings could exist within each other and remain totally unknown is still beyond her grasps.  Her fingertips drop slowly to find a respite upon the bridge of her nose.  Albert and company are all looking her way for a sign of understanding.  Their assorted pensive, almost forgiving smiles seem to say 'admit it dear, you don't know it all.  You're just another narrow-minded dummy like the rest of us.'  Warm cozy feelings of logic and fact are crumbling.  Albert has slowly undermined them like sand castles facing the rising tide.  She flops back into the couch, raising her eyes to the slow hypnotic ceiling fan.
"I'm listening.  Don't stop now or I'll loose it."
"A good night's resting may clear some of your conflicts," Albert assures.  "There's always tomorrow, milady."
"Sleep... tonight, are you kidding?  Go for it!  I want to hear it all tonight."
"As you wish, milady.  The gateway is a channel not unlike a tunnel which passes through an otherwise impregnable boundary separating two different frequencies.  All the bricks on one side are slightly different in exactly the same way as those on the opposing end.  When you pass through it's like changing TV channels, you are returned to a different resonance.  Every particle, or shall we say brick passing through experiences a very slight altering of its base frequency from that of this world to that which allows it to exist in the other, the world from which you and I came.  This alteration is slight, but still it must go forward in a slow gentle way, every single brick of every house uniformly adjusted at the same time and rate.  If not, you would be undone, scattered randomly throughout many different realms with no way to rebuild the community that was once you.  This would be the fate of anything objectionable attempting to pass from one realm into the other.  For you may be sure, every gate of consequence has a gate keeper.  The journey is quite long, looping back, ending at its beginning and it can not be expedited.  Like a cake, if you want it to be proper you must wait till it's done baking.  You will exit at the same point you entered.  In passing, your senses and perceptions are adjusted.  Reset to a different standard, like changing the capacitance of a radio's tuner.  When you exit, you will be out of tune with the bricks remaining at the entry.  Your point of departure will cease to exist.  You've changed the channel; same TV but a different program.  One that fits in the spaces between the things formally obstructing you.  'Tis the best I dare make of it, milady."
"Wow! talk about slipping into the shadows," Leona suggests while shaking her head slightly, "hell of a concept."
"Curious, your mention of another realm, the underworld, as Lavareins would call it.  Though just as far removed from here as there, the zealots, and there are many, willingly stake all they hold dear upon the existence of those two intriguing opposites.  Though I doubt any have been to either yet many here about claim to possess first hand knowledge of both and so propagate grand expectations to further their theologies.  A narrow minded lot for one of such magnitude, so easily swayed with but a promise or a threat." Albert muses.  Leona is not sure what Albert's talking about until he clarifies with an equally astonishing revelation.
"You see," he adds calmly, "In Lavare it's widely held by many of the scholarly and more curious that death inspires but a shift much like that of passing through the portal."  Under certain unique circumstances the eye has talents one might not suspect.  Hence, those who claim to see vestiges of those defined as the dead. 
If indeed these places do exist I suspect they are those who occupy the supposed lost space between the two, as some would say, the first level of Purgatory.  Thus, it follows that at the onset of their passage for a time their frequency would be so very close to that at their point of departure they may be able to look back for a while.  Some may even choose to linger, revisiting of a sort to reflect upon their most recent deeds before the shift becomes too profound.  Thus, the threshold across Purgatory's first domain might be breached whereupon the recently demised become somewhat visible to those who remain at the initial resonance.  Think of it as looking into a portal just as someone else has begun to pass through.
Leona interrupts, "I prefer we not complicate the current dilemma with the possibility ghosts are real, 'least till I get a handle on what we've covered so far."
"Sorry, got off the subject," Albert admits. apologetically.  "I tend to ramble on somewhat at times."
Shaking her head slowly, "I've never bothered much about the laws of physics, wasn't exactly my cup of tea your know.  This is just so different than what I've always considered as pretty much indisputable."
"You speak of the laws men assume define physics, milady.  Men did not make these places; one should not confuse the laws of the universe with the theories of men.  I fear, even the wisest of men have much yet to learn.  There are magnitudes of order among the basic particles of which man is not yet aware."  Conceding with a gracious nod, she accepts the old fellow's caveat.
I think I follow the principle... Basically, sort of.  It's just hard to accept so many radical new ideas in one afternoon.  At school they tend to ease you into things like this.  It'll take a while, I'm sure you understand."
"It required over nine years" Albert admits, "for I myself to catch these secrets, yet still I cannot say what is done to cause the change of frequency."
"If I seem reluctant, believe me, I intend no disrespect.  Given the complexity of what you've presented, I can think of no clearer way to state the principles.  And you've actually come across this gate personally, right?"
"Oh yes!  Many times while active in the games.  This world is the sanctuary of active players, the hideout, as they say in your cowboy entertainments."
"Granny, you too, right, you and Pap both have traveled by way of this tunnel?"
"Yes dear, so have you.  Last time we crossed was when we brought you.  It was a violation though.  Sadly, we dare not return."
Leona looks to her supposed guardians, then Albert, and shrugs her shoulders.  "It's a lot to think about; I just have to sort things out, you know."  Addressing Albert, she inquires, "Do you happen to know this Marwyn fellow?"
"I do not."
"You'll be staying tonight, right?"  She glances toward Granny for confirmation.
"Oh yes, without a doubt.  Pap's certainly not driving to Macon again tonight."
"Good!  You know, in case I have a question."  Leona smiles and excuses herself.  The sandman is surprisingly quick to sweep her away for someone with alternate universes on her mind.
Up with the chickens, as any good country gal, but in no great hurry to rise.  She lies there to ponder last evening's revelations.  When she comes into the kitchen, there's Albert finishing off a platter of Granny's French toast and peach preserves, so it couldn't have been a dream.  A few cloudy issues have risen.  Leona waits till he's finished then pounces on the break between servings.  "A question, if I may?"
"As many as you like, milady."
"Just this one, well, maybe two.  If your world is completely independent of this one, how is it humans have evolved in exactly the same way?"
"Very good, milady," he smiles.  "Of these things I'm not sure, but I strongly suspect Lavare's population did not evolve as the human race has from some distant past.  As a maker of songs might apply new words to an old melody, I believe Lavare is a copy and that once made it was allowed to proceed at its own isolated pace.  A small portion of humankind, essentially extended families or clans from central and western Europe--complete with all the associated geography, plants, animals, even the pesky insects--duplicated, then shifted as I explained to hide it from this world.  I feel certain all things in Lavare had beginnings here.  The population having not common, but identical ancestors in this world long ago."
Leona stands silently; she must stop asking questions.  For the answers are invariably more questions.  Albert's reply, though simple as dirt, is at once alarming, fascinating, totally frustrating, and gravely contrary to the interests of society.  If his theory is correct, how many other worlds drawn from the human experience might exist and under whose absolute control?
  "Think of it as duplicating a portion of a large computer file," Albert continues.  "The original remains subject to update over the normal course of events, but the copy is held separate, unaffected by the mishaps constantly reshaping the original.  In this case, led upon a separate path, allowed as it were to grow at its own pace in a protected environment.  I see concern in your eyes, milady.  Technology and to a greater extent religions do not by some estimates provide the most fertile environment to preserve the good character of mankind."
"A copy!  What a concept... save as, rename Lavare, click!  Wow, that would take a lot of RAM.  How long, I mean how far back does Lavare's history go?"
Albert ponders quietly; a question simple as this should not befuddle one well versed as he.  "I must endeavor to separate lore from fact.  I would venture not quite seven centuries.  Thus, the copy, as you say, would have been fashioned about 600AD  The first cities, those of the great bridge, Orna and Dialyn, they are older.  Some time after they were destroyed the realm as I know it came to be.  More thought is required of this, milady.  I shall send word when I've come upon a reliable answer."
"Well, I asked for it," she concedes to herself.
"Bear in mind," Albert cautions, "if you return to Lavare much of what you've learned here will be of little or no use for lack of means.  Creating such means may well be prohibited."
"Not sure I follow," Leona questions cautiously, "prohibited?"
"I suspect progress of a technological nature is stifled somewhat in Lavare, as a parent might keep too many sweets from a child."
"Humans are inventive by nature," Leona suggests with a squint, "they always try to improve their circumstances, it's the character of the beast."
"One new idea quickly leads to the next and then another and so on, thus begets progress.  Tell me, when a new technology or material is developed here, generally what's the first application?"
After some thought, "weaponization," Leona ventures hesitantly.
"Exactly.  Thus, an arms race ensues which in turn demands anti weapons and so forth like the cat chasing it's tail until someone amasses a military superiority, the aphrodisiac of greedy and power hungry men.  Eventually there is a glorious waste of lives and resources accompanied by a lot of pain and misery for the benefit of a very few.  And yes, something new and usually better rises from the ashes, but what of the suffering and destruction required of such a process.  Your mind holds a vast amount of information that could be devastating to Lavare's population.  Apparently, if you wish, you will be permitted to pass through the boundary.  If that store of knowledge is allowed to accompany you, you must hold it in strict confidence.  Please always consider the future implications of even the simplest tweak of status quo.  You could destroy Lavare," Albert suggests coldly, "with but a slip of your tongue, milady.
Consider, in this world there are communities, tribes if you will, who had not progressed since their beginning until some religious zealot discovers their hiding place and destroys a thousand years of their beliefs or a venture capitalist arrived with cleavers and shot guns to tip the balance of power to his ends."  
"If I go, your point shall remain clearly upon my mind, sir."
"I mean no disrespect, but I must remind, every domain in our realm has precise boundaries that none may violate.  Unlike the assembly of pretentious politicians they call the United Nations, Lavare's equivalent actually has authority to destroy and engagement is not precluded by long discussions or economic sanctions."
"The day of the Inquisitor," Pap suggests.
"Yes," Albert concurs, "the only annual holiday in Lavare.  'Tis said a force of 6000 once crossed to invade a neighboring city.  That would have been about... 362 years ago, yes.  Their incinerated remains were found piled before the invading city's gates at sun rise.  A granite monolith accompanied their corpses with a list of the instigators and their penance.  Everyone so named had to present themselves either to be burned or to dig graves until they dropped dead.  Any who failed to come forth voluntarily were to be sought out and executed along with all their blood relatives no matter of age or gender for the preceding four generations.  As the story goes it took eleven months.  Then having done so those who survived dug their own graves and were executed.  Everything was forfeit from their families.  The relatives were formed into a long caravan and they were required to wonder from city to city through out Lavare for the next thirty years telling the tale and reading off all the manes of the men at arms, their commanders and those responsible.  It would have been a vile business, but it made an indisputable point.  As one might propose around here, an occurrence of biblical proportions.  The ruling families of every other city were then convened to select a new house to rule the vanquished city.  No one since has violated the doctrine.  If conflict does arise of so extreme a nature that a judicial forum can not find resolve, the parties may petition for total indemnity.  By this, both must submit to death; their only satisfaction derived in that each strikes the blow to the other simultaneously.  If one survives he is immediately slain by the family of the other." 
"Wow!  That is going to take more than a day to sink in.  Pap has your number, right, in case I need to follow up."
Albert nods affirmatively and smiles.  
"Thank you so much, more than I can say, really.  We shall meet again I'm sure.  Good day, sir."  She nods respectfully and retreats. 
As Leona disappears into the hallway Albert turns to Granny.  "I hope I haven't upset the cart this time."
"I think not; she's a very resilient sort--her mother's daughter."  Granny nods affirmatively with a slight smile.  "She'll sort it out."
After breakfast Albert scores several loaves of raisin bread, a jug of applejack and many appreciative thanks for his insights.
Once Pap and Albert depart, Granny ventures to Leona's sanctuary bearing gifts.
"Are you all right, dear?"
"More or less."
The tone of her reply sounds muffled.  "May I come in?"
"Yeah, but I'm not hungry, okay?"  Granny finds Leona has wrapped herself in a sheet from head to toe, apparently trying to hide from the confusion enveloping her thoughts at the moment.  She appears not unlike a large caterpillar hiding in plain sight within its protective cocoon.  Granny carefully sets a flat chest about two feet square upon the bed.
"If I believe even half of what Albert has said," comes a muffled voice, "it turns the whole world upside down.  I mean completely!"  As she attempts to curl up her foot bumps the heavy wooden chest.  "Um! What's that?" she continues to muffle while feeling around with her toes.
"Lythiria... your mother, entrusted me with these things.  It's time you had them."  With such provocation, it doesn't take long for the reclusive insect to emerge.  
"Huh!"
Wood of deep honey-colored burl, the grain swirls and dances, appearing as tiny clouds solidified beneath a pool of glass.  On the upper left are dragonflies, at lower right a large somber frog watches their playful flight from among lily pads and cattails.  Below the water's surface an assortment of small whimsical fish and at the bottom among snail shells and leaves the shy salamanders and crayfish hide.  All are realistically detailed of embossed silver and colored with hints of transparent glaze, 'tis more the work of a jeweler than craftsman.  "Beautiful... it's Oriental," says the moth, now wide awake and free of her cocoon.  Leona looks into her guardian's eyes docilely, "This isn't just words anymore," she admits in an astonished whisper.  "This changes everything.  The cities Albert spoke of this morning, the ones that were destroyed, I knew about them and the bridge, too."
"Yes, I'm sure it will all come together in good time, but for now don't try to open this box yet.  The latches have been poisoned.  That would be a terrible undoing of twenty years' effort."
"Poisoned?  That is a lot of effort."
"Yes, you were."
"Oh!" she chuckles lightly.  "Can I touch it?"
"So long as you avoid the latches, for one unknowing would surely prick a finger.  The venom was very potent and could remain so to this day."
Leona begins outlining the ornamentation with her fingertip.  Her eyes close and begin to well up, soon coming to tears.  "I always wondered how could there not have been even a single picture," she blubbers, "at least one.  But there couldn't, there was no such thing as a camera."  Once recomposed, which requires a cup of steaming cocoa with double marshmallows, she begins Survival in the Realm 101.   A fully accreted crash course for up and coming princesses of Durer.
"Chances are the venom has lost its usefulness by now," Granny mutters, "but 'tis not a gamble I wish to take."  She lifts one of the silver latches with the aid of a letter opener.  Several tiny barbs suddenly jut out from holes in the face plate and just as quickly retract to patiently await the next victim.  "Did you see them?  Each one stings independently"
"Yes... fast aren't they?"
"Just a dab of the venom allowed to dry before they are reset and none would survive that bite.  It may be cleaned away with grain alcohol, but very cautiously, my dear.  Each time you close the lid the poison devices are reset unless you disarm them while it's open.  When the latches are closed the mechanism is rearmed."  Once unlatched, sliding the salamander ornament on the top upward and pushing the frog to the right allows the lid to pop free of the internal catches.  An ear-piercing chime rings out from within.  Leona shutters.  "An alarm," Granny advises, "to inform of its being opened when the chest is not within sight."
"Clever!" Leona remarks quietly, as she catches her first glimpse of things Durerish. 
Her mentor resets the spring-loaded hammer which is released simultaneously via the latch mechanism.  "You must reset the alarm manually each time."
Within are two highly detailed bracelets of a lustrous grayish-green metal.  The glaring faces of demons with wicked little horns and fangs smile therefrom.  The eyes are tiny stones, yellow they appear at times, but then from a different perspective green.  Fangs project outward slightly from their open mouths.  Cautions are in order, for they are both weapons and shields.  "The teeth are hollow and may be laced with poison.  A backhanded move would allow them to bite or gore an adversary.  They're padded and the metal is highly tempered, heavy enough to deflect an assassin's blade."  A fine dagger complements the bracelets.  Both blade and quillons are of a metal black as night and not at all reflective.  Crisscrossed leather thongs are tightly bound around the hilt that it may be firmly gripped and the finial is a tapered spike.  No fashionable embellishment, this is a weapon of practical consequence.  Her mentor points out several shallow grooves set back from the cutting edges.  "These hollows are to accommodate poisons also," she informs.  "There is considerable danger in carrying a poisoned blade, my dear.  I suggest that option remain as a last resort.  If ever you choose to render it deadly you must allow it to dry for several hours.  Then wipe the blade clean with natural alcohol before replacing it in the sheath.  Otherwise you risk poisoning the scabbard as well, such an oversight could prove a fatal mistake.  Only the latches of the chest have ever been rendered deadly," she emphasizes.  Silver demons cling to an oiled leather scabbard for the blade's keeping.  "A lady should always have a honed edge at her disposal," Granny suggests with a bashful smile, "if for nothing more than slicing her daily bread."  Unscrewing the finial from the hilt's end discloses a long piece of flint and a slip of parchment.  A matrix of letters is scribed thereupon.  "These are friends of Durer... sworn to assist any lawful heir to the death.  The names are in reverse, being every third letter in the vertical columns."  The number of letters in each column are not divisible by three, however.  They are intended to be read as a single column beginning at the top, backwards from right to left.  When you reach the end continue back to the first as before by threes three times over.  By so doing it will reveal the entire message.  This she confides almost in a whisper as one suspecting spies may be lurking near.
"I remember... you had some arrow heads with grooves like those along the edges," Leona reminds timidly.  "You kept them sort of reserved."
"Yes dear, they are designed to carry poisons and yes... I still have them."
"And there were some others I thought strange, the shaft had been thinned just behind the head."  
"That was so the head would snap free on impact.  So long as the shaft and head are one the arrow might be extracted even against the barbs.  Or, for non critical wounds pushed through.  Neither is desirable.  This is also why you never put an edge on the backside of the blades.  It would be easier to withdraw if it could cut itself free of the wound as one pulled it out."
"That's really devious."
"Make no mistake, my dear, the art of conflict is serious business.  To take it lightly is the last error you will make.  After we retired from the games Pap and I choose to stay.  My position was that of a personal security guard and all the shafts I carried had but one aspiration.  In the place where we come from when you face your enemy you strike hard and never check your swing.  There may be only one opportunity and seldom more than one survivor."
Closing her eyes, Leona exhales softly while considering the seriousness of this conversation.  The most profound advise the average young lady receives from a parent is an explanation of and the associated warnings regarding the consequences of sex.  Even on top of everything else, killing people seems so out of vogue in the world she's come to know.
Two tokens are included, each within it's own fine round wooden case.  Leona's informed the thin copper one is so "as not to hinder your stride.  For it is to be kept in your boot so you will never be without a coin to pay the ferryman... should ever you meet."  The other, gold with the face of an old man crudely stamped over the mintage.  "This may be exchanged for council with the Oracle of Serophia, if ever she might be found."  Leona smiles at the thought; the box is like a treasure chest from an as-yet-unwritten fairy tale.
Depressing the alarm gong and applying a firm twist lets it loose; hidden there beneath a large heavy ring of a polished reddish-gray metal.  Spurs set with tiny garnets grace either side of the crown which is but a thick raised flat segmented disk with eight symbols inscribed about its perimeter.  "This was your father's ring.  Raising either of the jewels on the sides allows you to turn the crown thus," she illustrates.  "When the fifth marking on the crown aligns with this groove," she indicates. "The elements have now come into the proper arrangement.  At this point you must raise the jewel again but this time hold it in the raised position while you rotate the crown further."  As Granny rotates the crown various portions of the flat face rise to form a stepped three-dimensional design.  "This you remember as the name of your city, Durer, has five letters and your name, Leona, has five also.  Let the jewel slip back and it will secure the pattern.  In so doing you create a reversed mold from which a key may be made.  Impressing the crown into wax and then having the wax shape cast into metal will construct the key to your future.  It will open locks certifying to your place in the House of Durer.  If you let go of the crown while still holding the jewel, the crown will spin back of its own accord and the key's pattern will disappear back into the flat surface.  Be sure whomever makes the key only makes one.  Stay with him throughout the process to assure this.
Keep it hidden from friend and foe alike.  Both the curious and those who might wish to steal your heritage would normally think the crown must be turned till it stops.  Never proceed past the fifth symbol.  Anyone who does will trigger a set of barbs so as to prick their finger.  They retract quickly as did those guarding the latches, this allows the crown slip forward to the first mark.  You see, the crown may only be turned in one direction.  When the crown is turned to the fifth mark it winds the trap, continuing further releases the barbs if the jewel is not held up against the spring.  By this the ring's treachery is concealed that it may bite again and again, hence giving the impression 'tis cursed.  In Lavare, even fools dally not with things cursed.  I would advise the barbs be poisoned, made to kill, but that decision is for you alone."
"I think I've misunderstood something," Leona whispers.  "When you said Durer was my father's city, I took that to mean he lived there.  But this ring and all--they must have been wealthy.  Where do I fit into the food chain?"
"I believe you to be the last remaining of the House of Durer.  Hence, you are not a Lady of Durer, my dear, you are The Lady of Durer.  In accord with the laws of the realm your father's city is now granted to you, milady, in its entirety."
"The whole city?"
"Yes, and the surrounding lands, thousands of square miles I would think.  Durer sits at the edge of the sea and includes several small islands.  It is very pleasant there; I miss it so.  Whatever lands your citizens occupy they do so at your pleasure.  There is very little private ownership in land, only your father's dearest friends were granted title to lands.  But the people are not slaves and should never be thought of as such.  Among other things this ring is also the key to the city's treasury.  I'm told 'tis the only way to open it without causing its loss.  In Lavare, by special arrangement, things may be protected by disappearances, that is to say if their security is violated they disappear.  As I remember there were four gates.  Without this ring the last three are traps.  I can not be sure of this because I was never allowed to pass beyond the first."
Leona's voice has begun to quake.  Another cup of cocoa shall be needed soon if she's to hold a steady course.  "Wait... yesterday my biggest responsibility was carrying out the trash before it got rank, now your telling me I have to worry about a whole country!  Come on," she entreats while pacing about randomly. "I mean, this is getting totally out of hand."
"That can not be helped, dear," she alludes quietly.  "I assure you 'Tis not the place of common folk to cross the boundary without license as you were allowed to do.  Such deeds require considerable influence.  If you return, though, great caution is in order, for many things may go astray in a house left unattended for so long."
"Yes, I'm sure they have.  My real name, is it Leona?"
"Yes, it was your grandmother's also."
"Good," she smiles, "I like it... I wouldn't wanna have to change it."
Two soft leather pouches are tucked firmly in the corner of the chest.  Leona looses the drawstring of the larger; a king's ransom in emeralds topples into her palm and scatters across the bed linen's.  They're cool and heavy.  She looks inquisitively to her guardian.  "As I said dear, you have resources available if you wish to avoid this business."  She gathers the dark green gems back into the pouch and exchanges it for the other.  The second pouch has four compartments, each securing a small enameled bronze vial.  Granny places her hand upon Leona's.  "Don't open these."
"They're not perfumes, are they?"
"No dear, they are your poisons... for the dragon's teeth, the latch, your dagger, or whatever the need be.  The vial with a single dimple is tasteless and lacks aroma; it remains potent for three days after having dried.  The one with two dimples is said to lie in wait for up to ten years.  The third, with the ridge around its middle is their antidote.  Enough for three occasions, it must be administered within minutes and it will leave you seriously weakened for several hours, perhaps even days.  The last, with two ridges, and probably the most valuable, will cause you to vomit violently.  Handy, should someone slip venom into your food.  If you expel the poison before taking the antidote it will encourage a speedy recovery.  These are serious compositions, take care not to touch the venom's.  Either will kill within minutes if consumed; thrice as quickly if by way of blood.  By touch, it depends upon how much skin area contacts the poison, from several hours to weeks.  Keep the antidotes with you always, for if a sharp wrenching pain rises up in your bowels just after eating or drinking, 'tis likely someone is trying to take your life."
"You people call this a game?"
"In your circumstance, I dare say this business is more complicated.  Poisons are not used in the games except in the most extreme of conditions.  But they are the principle weapon of politics, and that... my dear... is the game you are fated to play."
"I take it this is why we spent so much time camping out all around the country, always it seemed just to find stuff like jimsonweed and belladonna?"
"Yes, one must learn to tell friend from foe, all do not carry a weapon.  Even the wrong sort of kindling for your fire can be fatal."
"Oleander!"
"Yes," Granny smiles, "you remembered."
"My allowance depended on it," Leona reminds.
"Some day also may your life."  Leona nods respectfully.  "As heir to a city, particularly one with the conflicted politics that I've heard have taken root in Durer, you must remain watchful and be prepared to fight fire with fire.  I feel your mother has provided these things for your protection, not to encourage you join in the games.  They are very serious and dangerous competitions.  The participants, as once was I, seek rewards and recognition.  As heir to the estates of Durer you have no need of either.  All you could gain from such risk is license to use the gateway."
Three flat boxes yet remain to be explored, the first of dark mahogany with silver clasps and corner embellishments.  Lying therein upon a bed of light-brown colored silk, four necklaces, four sets ear rings, and four finger rings.  All are made of the same lustrous reddish-gray metal as her father's ring.  The settings are of smooth simple designs, not the least overbearing as one might expect the garnish of royalty to be.  A single gem allotted to each, opaque, blue and dark are they.  Portraits of animals, one upon each: with glaring fangs, a bear has fear to sow, calm and sly a leopard leers, that into the dark one should not go, an owl, nocturnal master of the sky, clever of all things wise to know, and the wild boar, the fourth of them, ever-defiant his tusks to show.  "These are the jewels of your court, my dear, they are political and well known." Granny advisers.  "Each set is meant to communicate your mood at the moment without the need of words.  More for the company of visitors, petitioners or your advisors.  And sometimes when you yourself visit others and wish to convey a statement."
 Much smaller and thinner the next, constructed of burled black walnut.  Granny smiles.  "These say not a word, my dear, aside of adore me.  They are more for those rear social occasions when among friends."  Within a chain of intertwined serpents set with small fiery opals.  Therefrom a delicate fairy-like female fashioned of chrysophase dangles.  Her wings those of dragonfly, golden filigree laced of translucent blue and green plique-a-jour.  Arms out stretched, she smiles, seemingly to welcome this new Lady of Durer.  'Tis love at first sight when Leona beholds the luxurious nymph.  Svelte maidens made from pink coral with wings of silver wrapped about their shoulders like those of a sleeping bat dangle upside down from the ear pieces.  Any of these would not be out of place among the finest works of Fouquet or Lalique.
A thin box about twelve inches square is the last of her mother's gifts.  Overlaid of gold it depicts views of a large elegant building tooled into the metal on both faces--at last the treasure she has yearned for.  Not a box, but a folded picture frame containing four miniature paintings, portraits of her illusive family.
No amount of cocoa is likely to calm her this time.  Granny quietly departs leaving the Lady of Durer to her tears.  Before her adopted granddaughter is to be seen again, the sun will have gone, for she has wept all the day long until night descended to cool the air and allow her to sleep.
Come morning Leona sheepishly enters the kitchen looking as one set upon by exhaustion.
"There you are dear, feeling better I hope.  Are you hungry?
"They look so young, my brothers," she says, still very sad of eye.
"Ten and twelve I think they were.  Cup of tea dear?"
"Is there any chance they could be alive?"
"Your eldest brother was among several young lads felled by collapsing masonry.  They were prying stones loose form the old battlements and dropping them upon the invaders.  Apparently someone forced a stone free that should better have been ignored causing a portion of the bulwark to give way.  Of the younger, Wythnor, I cannot say."
"Do you think I look like mom?"
"Yes dear," she smiles, "very much so."
"There was a slip of paper tucked behind one of my brother's pictures with several drawings."
"Oh yes.  Those are your brother's tattoos.  You need to remember those images should anyone ever approach you and claim to be Wythnor.  Aside of Pap and myself only your immediate family was aware of them.  By now they would have faded and stretched which will lend to their authenticity should anyone come forth.  They are at the small of his back and between his shoulder blades." 
"What happened," Leona begs, "what caused it?"
"No one really understood why such a thing could happen.  Times had been good, gates had become a formality and ramparts an obsolete tradition.  Obviously the attack was well planned, but why?  The House of Durer had no warning nor even slight reason to be concerned of it's security.  It really wasn't much of a siege; the invaders numbered less than two hundred at the front, but the city gates were wide open.  Half again as many easily breached the rear portal for there were only four men to secure it.  They had no colors nor livery, by all accounts a dastardly lot of murdering scoundrels.
Your father along with what troops were available rushed into the midst of those entering by the main gate.  They were sadly outnumbered... and ill prepared, but he refused to pull back.  I saw them being overrun.
Darian and I were with a handful of archers hastily assigned to the main hall's parapet.  Our task was to prevent the intruders from crossing the courtyard toward the main residence.  And we cut down thirty and more, but once the opposing sides were intermingled there was little we could do to support your father's group without striking down our own.  Soon thereafter we were summoned to the queen's chambers.  You were then but four days old.  She bid us carry you off, and assured arrangements had been made to allow us pass the gateway.  On the sixth day next we intended to take our leave and travel south to Darian's village and so it was most of our things were already in his cart.  The city's defenses were crumbling, for no one was prepared for it.  We barely got you away.  Your mother herself had taken up arms.  She along with the palace guard saw us safely into the countryside and beyond the walls.  We were cautioned not to return unless sent for, then they turned back toward Durer.  I've heard nothing since of her fate.  Everyone has chosen to forget the trials of Durer rather than admit such a vile deed was ever done."
"Nothing is such a big word, so full of meaning.  Some would say the worst news is better than nothing at all.  Under the circumstance I prefer to think otherwise."
"Yes, as long as you keep them alive in your memories, dear, anything becomes possible."
"There's so much to consider.  It's not like I exactly doubted your friend Albert, but words don't seem to mean much anymore.  Everything is becoming borderline bull shit--you can't believe anything you hear or even much of what you see, especially on the tube.  Technology's washing reality down the drain.  I know many, Art for example, who tend to exaggerate without limits.  It becomes so common they begin to believe it themselves.  I mean like at school, the guys are so full of crap that after while you disregard everything."
Granny starts to hum, and a silly smile comes upon her face.  "Boys have always been that way, dear," she assures.  "Matters not upon which side of the gateway they reside.  They will devise any foolishness to entice a maiden to a quiet loft."
Leona laughs quietly.  "Yea, well, I mean before I saw the box I could dismiss much of what Albert said as imaginative daydreaming.  But not  now.  I wish I could bop into the library or Google the web, but   Albert's world, yours, and mine I guess, it's not on the map.  It would be like checking the yellow pages for a Martian travel agency."
"The world you're from is real and I dare say a better place than this in many ways; I miss the simplicity of home.  So few of this place do or mean what they say.  As you say, words have no value here, even when they write them down and put their mark to it.  There are liars in Durer, too, but--and remember this--their words may not be written.  Where we come from an evil man takes pride in his deeds and may always be found near his keep.  Here they hide among forests of lawyers, within the shadows of corporations and behind no end of those repulsive pre-recorded messages.  I hate those things," she confides softly.  "Nothing but cowards, not a one dares come upon the field to answer a challenge.  And look at what they excuse for coin.  How can green paper be of value when there's paper to be had everywhere.  For pittance the news boy leaves a stack on my doorstep every morning.  Paper," she shrugs with a sarcastic smile, "in exchange for a man's good labor?  I think not.  Faith and trust are qualities bestowed upon worthy men, good iron, or a fine steed, not paper, it's an insult."
Granny's prophesies of doom, dire as they seem, tend to lighten the atmosphere considering the seriousness of personal matters now at hand.  "It's going to get worse, you know," Leona teases.  "Soon they'll gather up all the paper, too, leave you with nothing but an account number."
"Oh dear!  Well, Pap and I keep our coin close at hand.  You know where I mean.  If ever anything happens you be sure to come and get it, dear."
"I'm only making fun," Leona assures, "but seriously... about Lavare... I need to know everything--all the details, no stone unturned."
"I doubt my memories are a fair gauge to measure the realm as it is now, for many things have surely changed.  But come and sit.  We shall have a stout cup of tea and look beneath every stone I know.  Perhaps time has come to venture home and see for thyself, just a thought, dear.  Caution though, for once there, you may not be permitted to return."
Which way then is a lady to go?  The high road as heir to fame and fortune, accompanied by pageantry and large numbers of straight faced fellows with dark suits and sunglasses?  Or perhaps the low road, a common traveler of whom none might take notice.  Or as Granny hinted, no road at all, just disappear.  For the time being at least, zero plus seven days, she has managed the road back to her apartment.
Something dire therein awaits, still and quiet, a presence which may not be denied.  Yes, I see you there.  Her attention focuses upon the infamous package, the one delivered like a summons by personal courier.  Patiently, almost smiling back as it silently shouts to none but her, 'I dare you.'  Treasure chest, Pandora's box, or Trojan horse, which is it to be?  No less ominous that envelope so eloquently attached, it begs to be touched, tampered with.  No longer a game, this business has taken on aspects of Russian roulette.  The question now is how many of the cylinder's chambers carry live rounds?  Whether by design or trick of fate, breaking the invitation's seal will surely topple the first domino in a sequence without end.  Appropriately, the first of these is called Marwyn.  For are they not bound though unknowingly so by the Inquisitors three: these Judges of Sorrows, Lords of Consequence, and Noblemen of Equity?  A union, somewhat one-sided, though it may be.  Constrained not by license, exchange of rings, or legality, as it would typically, but nonetheless till a kingdom is taken or death dares to set good Marwyn free.  Thus, let the courtship begin; and how better than with a love letter then?  Marwyn's challenge is accepted and she reads:
"If it please, milady; I shall present myself at this occasion to answer any inquiry regarding your most recent gaming experience."  That's nice, but experience hardly covers it.  "I beg you accept my sincere apologies for the pretext of our meeting was somewhat shallow.  I assure, however, all was for good cause."  How sweet, taken to the brink of insanity for my own good.  "I sincerely hope any inconveniences that arose may be set aside."  Oh yes, we will get to that, Mister.  "By this, you are cordially invited to join a group of individuals with similar interests.  This is a social occasion, your attendance obligates you not in any way to participate in further enterprise.  Being one not familiar with our customs I have taken the liberty of providing attire befitting a lady representing the House of Durer.  These things are a gift, yours to do with as you will.  Thus, by accepting, you are not compelled in any way to attend."  Oh sure!  "As transportation must be pre-arranged confirmation is necessary prior to 9 PM on Thursday, the ninth day of October by calling 017-081-265-1793."  Four days!  No return address!  You bastards don't trust me, do you?  "Should you choose to accept, I've taken the liberty of enclosing the invitation which must be presented upon the coachman's arrival and again to the manor's gate keeper for entry.  Please join with us.
Ever your servant,
Marwyn of Cereta"
--
 "The House of Lavare 
 dares entice 
 Leona of Durer, and none other,
 to consider a challenge as set forth by
Tyrilym, Lord of Myrina" 
--
Layers of creamy beige satin embraced of snow white ribbon are carefully undone, folded and set aside.  If nothing else Granny could refashion the wrapping into a fine evening dress.  There beneath, a lustrous sturdy box the color of strong tea and scented of honeysuckle.  Below generous layers of tissue the first to view is a burgundy velvet gown so deep of hue as to inhale all the light within the room.  Below the gown a hooded cape of dark indigo.  Blossoming black vines adorned of blue, plum and peach randomly unfurl upward from the hem.
Nestled thereupon an enameled, white pearlescent case and of course, there within a dagger sharp enough to draw blood with but a glance.  Apparently, no maiden of the realm is ever to be thought defenseless.  The blade is double-edged and displays narrow grooves parallel to each of the cutting edges certifying to the tool's deadly authenticity.  Wrapping the blade with fabric to be sure it remains soaked for an extended time, she trickles the grain alcohol left over from the new year's eve punch across the cloth and wipes it dry most carefully, then burns the cloth out of doors.  Broad, smooth quillons of heavy grayish metal curve forward as they diverge from the hilt and transform into the heads of demons akin to that residing upon the sheath.  Coarse tapered leather strapping is wound about the hilt creating ridges to assure a firm grip and a stout contoured pummel displaying the profile portrait of a mountain lion crowns the dagger.  This, as practical an instrument for the purpose at hand as any may be.  Dark artfully tooled leather compliments the sheath including the face of a demon not unlike those of her mother's bracelets.  Attached thereto a wide belt of silver links with a buckle akin to the paw of a large cat that the curved talons may engage any of the links.
Two pair of oxblood toned shoes are tucked in the box's corners, one set low cut, the others rising above the ankles, both comfortable as a glove and thankfully flats.  Fact is, she feels clumsy in heels and these all the better if the need be to make haste.
Also within the enameled case a necklace, the chain composed of interlocking silver scorpions.  The central embellishment is a beveled silver rectangle an inch wide and about three inches long with a black star sapphire the size of a robin's egg at the lower end.  Certainly none may call her sponsor a cheapskate.
Though strapless, the low-cut décolletage suits her stature very well.  Try as she will, wiggling and twisting about, the frock refuses to slip.  She cannot but wonder if someone hasn't been taking measurements while she slept.  All in all, quite an impressive enticement--for a first blind date, and if this keeps up she'll soon have the finest collection of museum quality daggers in Atlanta.
Next day finds her, of all places, browsing the local sexy lingerie shop.  There to secure the antonym of her typical restraints, a provocative new push-up.  If I'm going to step out wearing a fitted gown in this town, she teases herself, may as well get all the mileage I can.
--
A binder's yellow flame so bright
Need not attend us here,
This no lucid trick of fantasy's delight,
Though as such it might appear.

Nor slumber's unwitting diversions, dreams of friends,
Favorite places lost nor sad but welcome tear.
Neither clever ploy nor honey drop
Required to lure the unsuspecting near.

No need of magic's spell to bemuse,
Seduce, beguile or bind.
For all who attend this grand event
Do so free of spirit, guilt and mind.

'Tis wealth and glory these robust youth pursue.
Adventure dressed unto the nines;
Intoxicating as any opiate
Or the finest most exquisite wines.

No ordinary tournament this
As none who've failed surely would attest;
But clever enticement to join the Games Regal,
The ultimate of any challenge or moral quest.

Now, in that enchanted flame's stead
Ten thousand candles lend their soft warm glow.
They, to bathe this near illusion beyond those things
Ordinary folk have come to know.

'Tis the Olympics of Lavare, held thrice each year,
To which these players boldly go.
A contest of stamina, will and cold iron 
That one may avoid death's final blow.

Advance ye lads, fair maidens
And sorcerers if now you dare;
Come forth all who would filch treasure
From a noble's guarded lair.

No sportsman these, but more of thieves,
Or the stuff of gladiators, this lot.
Come to ply body and spirit against all odds
With fervent hope they not be caught.

Life and limb, flesh and bone,
They wager against a prize of gold.
'Tis high the cost of glory in this town,
Or one's desire they not grow old.

A fraternity unique are they,
This brotherhood of expectations high.
The best among the best no doubt,
Yet surely some will die.

Spectators, no, there are none;
For play is seldom till dark of night.
So all is hidden from you or I,
That slip quietly away they might.

Shadow and sorcery they employ,
Their clever deeds to conceal.
Steely nerves and slight of hand required
Of those who dare from a Lord to steal.

But, every charade does not succeed;
Though all attempt to hide from watchful eye.
At times their only reward is some will bleed,
And yes, surely some will die.

Chosen to play the Games Regal
The dream and ultimate honor of every lad;
As for him the maidens fair and lovely coo,
Though his character's surely that of a cad.

Imperative to secure this brand of fame and glory,
Disdain of authority, quickness of wit and blade.
One might think of them as fools a wager to make
Of life and limb by all accounts a fair trade.

For these contests, so deadly and sly,
Discretion rules in every way.
Lest one be found in dire straits
Or in a dungeon by end of yonder day.

And after every trick has played
And every fraud's surprise;
New songs will they sing to herald daring escape
Or regret of sad demise.

Others may but shed a tear
And only wonder why,
For certainly some are bruised and maimed,
And surely some will die.

Twenty-one days they stand at odds,
Though friends they may have been;
But not so now till the bell tolls
To say this conflict's come to end.

Till then man's laws mean not to those so engaged
As only to rules of the Regal Game must they abide.
And from the game's appointed master,
None however clever may think to trick or hide.

The mines or dungeons for some of those
Unfortunately cornered and caught;
And others, well, certain deeds are pardonable,
But some surely are not.

For only then are weapons to their sheath again
That all may cast charade and disguise aside.
Finally safe to count their coin, 
But Yes... some have probably died.

So come ye lads, brave and bold,
Rise to this challenge anew.
Invited are you one and all, thrill-seekers,
Plunderers, even those with vengeance to pursue.

Hence the stage is redesigned,
New settings, new players, and new plot.
For those who dare, a garden party
Or gypsy's wedding 'tis not.

The final guest appears just now,
Perhaps a little late,
But was there not good cause
That she should hesitate?

Valets pull the grand bronze doors aside;
Thus, might one dare to speculate?
Who comes among this noble lot,
Observer, consort, or worthy candidate?

Enter fair Leona now,
Reluctant maiden of Durer,
Shy, but confident her stride,
Eloquent, refined and enticingly mature.

With not a curious glance to any,
Across the room thus does she glide.
Adorned of exquisite dark velours,
Though not as many here consumed of pride.

Trimmed of silk brocade and sapphire black
With only instinct as her guide.
Curious eyes may watch and question,
Who is this and is she qualified?

And if so, shall this wicked sport
Now seduce another bride?
Hence, let the Games Regal commence,
For the last of them's arrived.

And she no victim of demure,
With unseen demons by her side;
That none about might know for sure
Why more than fate dares be her guide.

But remember always too,
Conflict demands strong wills collide.
Be it for greed or noble cause,
And so, one must surely die!
--
The ratio of males to females, that being on the order of five to one, suggests this is not a social event.  Much to their credit, there's not one among them with an ounce of their person out of alignment.  The gentlemen are not body-builders, constructed to hurl boulders at their foes, but the well-tuned and agile sort, those more inclined of an aerial ballet.  Apparently speed and dexterity serve better here than brute force.  Retreat, discretion, and concealment, prim tools of their trade, that one might delight in their prize and return to steal another day.  For what the ladies lack in numbers they more than compensate in appearance; nothing less than striking, though frail fashion models be they not, but rather rock climbers or long distance runners.  Their range of chic compares favorably with the most daring attire of Hollywood's starlets or any diva rising within the pop music industry.  Slinky, form-fitted satins of the 20's appear a two-to-one favorite over the more audacious see-throughs.  Leona's garments are less provocative than most.  How strange she thought at first, that a dagger should be included among the accessories provided for a social event.  But it seems not, as blades of every sort are quite the rage with this set.  One and all the guests display them conspicuously as the officers at a military ball might to indicate rank.  Sparkling bobbles of the sort popular among the wealthy do not attend this clique.  These folk more inclined to ornaments fashioned of artfully crafted metals and earthly-colored stones, designs akin to signatures, symbols of noble houses or cults perhaps.  Rarely is a diamond to be seen; and if so, 'tis neither faceted nor polished, but raw as the ground gave it up.
Melodies of rural 13th-century England and Scotland twirl softly about the space while mimes and jesters play to the guests.  An air of carnival pervades, but the business soon to be presented is more akin to matters of life and death.  Leona cautiously mingles with the crowd; she notes her presence attracts the attention of several.  Though none address her directly, gracious nods and smiles are silently granted and returned in kind.  These fellows are not on the make.  Considering Albert's estimate of the realm's size, the ethnic diversity is surprising.
Fairy tale, the decor; combined with the atmosphere and fashions it would have the Oscars look mundane.  Thirty yards the width at least and four times that its length, the hall is immense.  The ceiling's apex is eighty feet above where grandiose hammer beam trusses support arrays of beveled glass skylights.  Groups of windows forty feet tall separated by wide stone pilasters face a lake along the one side.  Enticing bas-reliefs, both male and female, are exquisitely cut into each.  The wall opposite flaunts elevated granite promenades, one atop the other.  At one end of the room, an inferno rages within a stone hearth about the size of her apartment, but with a much higher ceiling.  Bronze griffins act as andirons; they are half again taller than she.  One would imagine the room soon overheated, but in fact the pyre draws a cool evening breeze from windows facing the lake at the opposite end.  Lighting is soft, discreet, warm in fact.  No electric lamps are to be seen.  Rather thousands of candles grace the walls, dangle from above on twenty foot wide chandeliers, and sit about the room on free-standing candelabras twice as tall as a man.  There are many private gathering spots: several chairs or couches, a low table of stone in their midst and a lavish floral arrangement upon each.  The floor appears to be a dark grayish granite with bluish flecks of pearlescents.  No expense has been spared; neither Hollywood hoax nor con man's charade does it appear to be.  Both plastic and plaster would seem to be forbidden here.  But caution, for the once bitten are twice shy, is this another of Marwyn's hoaxes, a daydream or reality?
Not the slightest hint of cigarette smoke taints the air.  Rather, discreet wisps of almond and eucalyptus mingle with the distinct fragrances of tallow and leather.  Of cell phones, there are none.  Nor does anyone care of the time, for neither is a watch to be seen.  Rolex and Cartier would be abhorred at the thought they were not being duly represented among a crowd such as this.  When in Rome she knows the drill.  Her own time-accounting device soon coyly disappears.
Venturing out onto the balcony, though it runs the length of the hall, she's surprised to find there are very few to keep her company.  Large cradles of open ironwork mounted atop tapered, fluted iron posts light the way with live flames that seem to boil over the tops.  The air is cool and the lake still, reflecting perfectly the ghostly sky above.  A werewolf's moon framed by sharp ragged clouds dares to tease the imagination.  The lake appears a great pit with the moon's twin settled into the bottom--beautiful, unique, eerie, and foreboding, all at once.
Aside from a gathering of elderly gentlemen that appears to be of an administrative nature there are at least 200 in attendance.  Occupying center stage near one end of the hall is a highly detailed model of a kingdom including several walled cities not unlike that encountered at Mark's charade, but much larger.  Behind the model is a raised speaker's podium.  Several yards adjacent a long narrow table with a dozen stacks of documents.
Now comes a butler prancing in her direction with the moves of a ballet dancer.  He bows eloquently and offers a choice from Old Frothingslosh to the green fairy.  At first she declines, but then upon second thought, "Something sweet, no alcohol, juice... grape maybe?"  After all, everyone has a drink in hand, and as with her watch, when in Rome, be as they.
"Any special sort, milady, white, red, blue, sparkling or not?  All are fresh," he advises, "none older than this morning's dew."
There seems no end to their desire to accommodate.  The limo for example, arrived promptly at the appointed hour, and certainly anyone would assume the affair somewhere in Atlanta proper.  But, one must presume nothing so far as people from other worlds are concerned.  In fact, she was delivered to the airport where her private helicopter complete with a personal stewardess awaited.  Just one of the simple pleasures of deposed royalty, but still quite a rush.  The clever French art house comedy presented on a four-foot LCD screen was a lovely diversion to occupy the nearly two hours before arriving--no telling where.  Her best guess, given the flight's duration between three and four hundred miles from where she began.  Always one to be prepared, she never leaves the house for a party or club with less than a twenty in case there's a misunderstanding and she need catch a taxi home; ha ha!
A private chamber of snow-white stone, not very large, octagonal in shape.  At each junction of every two walls a molded balustrade rises, arching over, and widening to form the eight-sided ceiling dome.  At their coming together, a long thin sliver of stone dangles from a heavy chain of folded iron links.  'Tis a cousin to the Minnon and a caution to any standing there beneath; for to tell a lie would have it set free and fall upon your head.  In seven of the walls a slender niche, within each sits a wooden staff.  Old and worn as their master they are and yet trusted and wise as well.  Keys of knowledge and earthly delight, some whisper of good fortune, others dare mumble the tidings of hell.  Upon these the old Cleric relies for her daily bread, or as the case may be a hefty pouch of fine soft gold.  None wiser to be found the rumors have said, yet there are some, were the truth to be told.  In the eighth wall not but a simple door and from without now comes a knock.  'Tis Marwyn, here to visit this wise old rock--she being the self-same crone who certified fair Leona as A Lady of Durer.  She bids him enter, greeting the young gentlemen with a skittish but generous smile.  "Your lady has come," she congratulates in her smooth froggy tone.  "She may no more resist than the tides would dare deny the moon."  A sphere of light floats above the palm of her hand; Bird sleeps contentedly therein.  Tilting her head slightly that one might think her crossed.  She sharpens her gaze upon Mr. Marwyn.  "Why has this come to me?"
"She found it.  I am instructed to return it as an enticement for her to join the game."
"She found it?" the Cleric muses.  "I dare think otherwise!  These are not found, dear boy... they find.  And those whom they have found are seldom happy to greet them."
"Yes, I've seen what it's capable of, but the maiden has no idea, nor is she to be told.  No one, or so say they all, understands why or how this has come to be.  She considers it her pet and it's to be left at that."
"I'm missing something here; where did she find it?"
"During the inquiry."
"In her thoughts!"  The Cleric holds the sphere up to Marwyn's inspection.  "Are you saying this is a thought made real, that she conjured this demon?  Impossible, she couldn't!  That girl has not a single charmed hair upon her head."
Marwyn shrugs unknowingly.  "Tell me what words will please you and I'll say them."
"Hummm!" The sly old crone murmurs in deep concentration.  "In all my years this is the first one I've ever seen, though I've always known what they would look like.  I am surprised at how small they are though.  I've seen larger grasshoppers.  Tricky, this business you've gotten into.  A contest within a contest I think.  Like wheels within a wheel, things can get to turning backwards and moving forward at the same time."
"I've had that feeling lately," Marwyn concedes.
"Some pets can be quite obnoxious.  I hope this little devil has not a temper.  A shame, if half this evening's guests end up as over-cooked barbecue."  She motions her servant come nigh, twirling her wrist and pointing a finger toward Marwyn.  "Would you care to try some fruit... before I set it loose?"  Marwyn hesitates for a moment, then, exhales in a frustrated fashion.  "Sit down, lad.  You look tired."  He plants himself in an over stuffed-leather chair and secures a single grape from her servant's tray.
"'Tis not of my doing," Marwyn advises contentiously.  "I can only imagine the tribunal has considered the risks and deemed it a necessary venture."
"They are wise old birds... most of the time."
"She knows of her heritage now," Marwyn laments.  She could try to demand the House of Durer be granted to her, but I fear they will not allow it.  
"Twenty years that city has floundered in a sea of fools," the Cleric reminds.  "To anchor it once more shall be no simple task."
"I've been instructed to convince her it would be greatly in her favor to explore and learn for a while, that time is needed to become familiar with the customs of Lavare and the principals of the game.  When in fact I've been commanded to escort her through five games from start to finish and Myrina's been chosen as the first because it was the city used as the basis of her trials.  I find it rather curious that Myrina's game is about to begin at so convenient a time given the Henzecs provided me with the primary antagonist who just happens to be Lord of Myrina. "
"Obviously it has been their intent, or someone else's  all along.  And to be sure there are places more cordial than Myrina for such lessons."
"Yes, I know."
"As I am told, 23 days were consumed for the inquiry, and it was done in less than one!"
"Yes, took longer than expected," Marwyn concedes, "much longer.  It was quite a duel.  Have you seen it?"
"No, that would never be permitted.  You must have stood by all the while pouring cool water over her head," the Cleric retorts, selecting a peach from her ever-present basket of fruit.  "Lest the poor girls mind may have melted."
"At times I feared it might, but she stayed the course and prevailed. There were many deviations and inconsistencies.  More than once she moved from the game's playing field to conscious reality, then went back into the game.  Most notably, when the conflict ended, she actually extending the game, by her own will mind you, until she slew the player who had tormented her friends.  There for a while Sanaia felt the Minon had lost control of her memories.  It was like cold worm soup."
"Hummm," the Cleric chuckles lightly, "you've got a bag of bones here from some creature I've not seen before."
"I've been sworn to the death on this task.  The Henzecs keep pulling me in deeper and deeper."
"Of course they have, they tend to be somewhat mellow dramatic."
"It was not the Henzecs," Mark is quick to qualify.
"Who then?"
"I've no idea."
"But after I was conscripted he said 'welcome brother, you are one of us now.'"
"Ohhh...  You are coming up in the world, lad," she smiles.  "This is better than American heart break TV!"
 "The weapon's another paradox.  I've been instructed to return it as well; have it with me here today.  Must weight thirty kilos though, I don't understand how they expect it to be of any use.  I've four times her strength and with both hands I could not wield it effectively."
"Was she able to defend herself with it during your game?"
"Defend, attack, pretty much chop anything to pieces."
"Since I'm not charging you for this consultation, I would consider it a personal favor were I able to see this weapon, perhaps touch it."
"No one's instructed me otherwise, so yes.  I'll tell the master at arms to bring it to you.  Sanaia believes it may be the name of a spell or even a being, but in solid form.  Probably something associated with Rueshaba's memories."
"Rueshaba, the witch?  She was part of this pot of stew you cooked up?"
"Yea, though no one seems to know why."
"I'll tell you why, someone was trying to assassinate the child or intended to drive her mad while she was confined within your game.  With that upon my plate, now I think I can tell you why this little bugger has come into play," pointing to Bird, "to protect her."
"This is so far beyond the edge of my puddle," Mark submits.  "Other than my familiarity with Lavare and the games I have nothing to contribute."
"Without a reliable guide one is lost.  Being lost can be an adventure, but more often than not it is dangerous.  As I mentioned, she knows nothing of Lavare, your are her life line.  And also because you've broken the ice as they say here, she knows you and therefore is more likely to trust you as opposed to some total stranger.  Though weather you play the pawn or the knight I can not say."
"Yes I know," he frowns, "but I didn't really need to hear it out loud, thank you. 
Thus, now they would have her play through no less than five games.  Myrina it happens is the first to offer a challenge.  Most do well to come away from there with just their hide.  Hardly a fortnight has passed since they would not dare to put her in harm's way."  His voice rises.  "Now they demand she be cast into a pit of vipers, bound and blindfolded as it were.  I fail to appreciate this radical change in expectations.  Perhaps there is some wisdom in this approach of which I am not privileged to understand."  His declaration thus presented, Marwyn snatches another grape as though it might calm his rising concerns.  "Durer is not scheduled to host a game for over three years so I'm taking her across a month early to visit Durer as merchants or something.  When the game starts we'll cross the borders rather than enter from the portal. What might you tell me of some one called the Benefactor?"  Marwyn adds as it were a casual afterthought."
"I have my doubts the Benefactor could be thought of as a someone.  I've heard the realm is his... or her creation," she advises solemnly.  "A fantasy, like a child's playground.  In essence a very complicated game for whomever's amusement.  Come to think of it," holding forth Bird's enclosure, "'tis the most likely source of your wicked little friend here."
Mulling over the Cleric's revelations does not a happy Marwyn make.  He throws his hands aside.  "Great, now, I learn we are all but fools conscripted to sing and dance about for the entertainment of who knows what.  Well then, why be concerned?  I've competed in the games, I'm employed by the Henzec tribunal no less, or was.  I'm not even sure at the moment, but all in all I consider myself privileged well above the average commoner.  So, why have I never heard this before?"  Marwyn asks, shaking his head in dismay.
"I suspect 'tis because you have never asked quite the right question.  And surely you have, but by another name.  Everyone knows of the day the six thousand met the Inquisitor, a harsh lesson to be sure."  Marwyn nods his understanding.  "Some prefer a more honorable title, thus, the Benefactor.  I can not make an absolute pronouncement, but well I think both are the same.  Besides, now you may better stand in the shoes of your ward.  For what she has recently discovered is your disquiet times a thousand."
"But... never mind, I've no choice but to move in whatever direction they point.  Best now I join the activities before my charge does or says something less than diplomatic and my head is summoned to a silver platter."
"Her nature is cautious, if you can guide her away from harm she will find her way.  Doubtless more bumps and scratches are to be had, but the lessons learned are better taught by experience so as not to be soon forgotten."  Nodding respectfully Mark departs to guide his ward the fair Leona toward the throne of Durer.  
Within the great hall a stout elderly Gentleman of mirthful demeanor ascends the spiral stair to the podium behind the model.  Were it not for his grandiose robes one could imagine him about to auction off used cars, or address his audience as voters.  Snapping his thumbnail against a chime sends a chord, though slight, echoing throughout the vast hall well above the din of conversation.  Nearly all in attendance are at once silent and move toward his presence.  Those few enjoying the outdoor verandah stream attentively back into the room.  Some prefer a measure of discretion, distancing themselves from the crowd.  Others flock toward the podium, anxious as children drawn to the call of a puppeteer.  "Hear ye, Hear ye, Hear ye," he announces slowly in a deep thunderous tone.  "I am Simous, counselor unto The House of Myrina and servant of the Games Regal.  Milord Tyrilym solicits you one and all to risk life, limb, sanity, and decorum, in pursuit of the utmost enterprise.  Come now to Myrina," he regales.  "Challenge the lord of the lands himself to every contest of cunning, skill, and fervor.  Thus, you are hereby invited to the 1109th Games Regal, sanctioned blood sport of Lavare."  He bows graciously to the crowd's vigorously applause.  "Twelve treasures guarded by riddles and deception of half a talent every one, hidden for the clever or lucky.  Seek and ye shall find," he entices with outstretched arms.  "Six treasures more, hidden and guarded by alchemist's trickery; each of these two full talents of fine gold.  Patiently, they await those of you with craft and wit at your command.  Three treasures yet in addition to these," he continues, his orations and gestures those of a sideshow barker.  "Of five talents their equal, precious gems and wizard's things these be, so small and light of weight you could have them away in your soup pot.  Now hear ye this and mark me well," he entices with coy smile while stroking his beard.  "For the best of it is yet to be known.  These... are unguarded."  A grave silence falls upon the guests for a few moments while the gravity of this disclosure settles in.  "Not man nor beast... nor engineer's devices... nor wizard's curse, to keep any of you from them."  All the while he points imposingly at different individuals among the guests whom he surmises to be hanging upon his every word.
If kindling melodrama is his task, well he has done of it.  Never have such considerable prizes been offered unattended, particularly of such convenient size and weight.  Whereas five talents of gold would be more than any two men could carry off, the equal in gems was only wishful thinking till now.  He bows solemnly to the assembly.  With this revelation the attendees offer a horrendous clamor of applause and good tidings.  Every corner of the hall is abuzz with speculation.  Excitement of this level has not been seen since Lord Hilgh offered the hand of his youngest daughter.  In truth she was no prize, but a life of luxury with title to boot allows that certain amenities may be overlooked.  Such enticement will have many who would have otherwise avoided Lord Tyrilym's infamous hospitality ante up their entry fee.
"Is there no end to milord's generosity?" he proclaims enthusiastically.  "In full view... a prince's ransom to tempt all who dare, a treasure being of itself twenty talents.  I am bound to say as well, all eleven hundred and forty kilos are coin now and forevermore.  There being not a man to keep you from it, but take heed for 'tis guarded by witches work of spells and demons and beasts one may abhor."    
By and by," he dares to entice in a soft subdued tone of voice, "perchance even a kingdom to be taken for those among you possessing a will of iron, or a death wish."  He spreads his arms with a smile and turns up the volume.  "Twenty one talents of purest gold carried off thus far by those with the courage to impose upon Milord Tyrilym's generosity and now this the greatest horde of treasure as never offered before.  I summon health and good fortune to all and bid ye farewell."  He exits with a gracious bow of theatrical proportions.
A sober fellow, tall and pale, and every stitch of his clothes black as night rises to the podium.  Long faced, pole thin and hollow of cheek is he with dark deep set eyes.  If there's an undertaker in their midst, surely this is he.  "The afore are facts, so say I, Temon of Andreanar, auditor of the realm."
One of the guests rises, "Good Sir Temon;" he motions.  "I would have an accounting, two cycles if you please, good sir."
"Then know ye this as well," Temon answers in deathly serious undertone.  "Of one hundred and thirty six who have ventured to Myrina, twenty one have perished, twenty two are maimed, eleven lost, who knows where, and nineteen to this day remain.  Four of those, their freedom to regain, allegiance have they sworn to a new lord and master, Tyrilym is his name.  Thus, severed are the ties that bind; hence are they no longer friends of your kind.  For now in service to his domain they hunt players of the Regal Game.  One hundred eighty stand at arms his realm to defend, not conscripts these nor country lads, but troops trained in every way to rend.  Twenty-one spies has he at large, discrete as shadow upon the wind, hence seamlessly with others they to blend.  Carefully placed to confound, seduce, and detect the likes of you, my friend.
Talk about a party pooper, one could imagine the grim reaper is peering over his shoulder?  Still, as Temon the pale descends from the podium a fair number of guests collect various of the gaming documents and disperse to study the finer points of Lord Tyrilym's proposition.  Once the crowd has subsided, Leona casually gathers one of each.  With Simou's presentation and Temon's thought-provoking summation, nearly every aspect of life as she had understood it has dissolved into a cloud of fantasies.
Fine soft leather now welcomes the Lady of Durer as she snuggles into one of the couches to unravel the mysterious Games Regal.  She is pleased to note a specific accord within the Rules Of Engagement prohibits the use of dogs in any way 'to guard or defend treasures nor to seek out, restrain, or attack' those engaged of Lord Tyrilym's gracious hospitality.  Likewise, summery executions are, though not entirely excluded, at least frowned upon.
--
Elsewhere upon the premises, grand as they may be, and entirely unconcerned of dogs, barking, biting, or otherwise, as for them this event is a purely social opportunity.  Thus, three lovely ladies, slender, tall and proud, sip wine and muse of days past as they scrutinize the crowd.
One to Another says "This game brings an odd lot into our midst."
Thus Another to the Other confides, "These are the lions among us.  I'm told those faint of heart are quickly devoured there; 'tis not a place to dally about as one without a care."
But now the Other reminds the first, "I've heard the lack of ransoms are the worst, for he prefers them stay as not.  And you know there are always a few get caught.  When you add what's paid to play, I expect Tyrilym's gain is more than he is due.  Mind what his counselor said of coins," the Other laments to both her friends, One and Another.  "There were four, they the first ever to reach the prince's ransom.  Tyrilym, clever bastard that he is, had it all smelted to a single bar," she boasts demurely over her shoulder with appropriate pout.  "He was called to task for his device; 'twas only fair considering what those four lads had at risk.  One to his end came, another damaged so; he probably thought the slain fellow the luckier of the two.  And the others earned rock dust to butter their bread; six months in the mines I've heard it said before decree of the Henzec's released them from their dread."
"I remember now," Another to the One confides.  "Quite an uproar came of that.  The widow petitioned for judgment, shame she didn't get a bit.  Hereafter, by royal edict, treasure must be of common coin that even a child might have away with it."
"Everyone thought the deed so foul," the Other to Another decries, "but none could rightly fault the scoundrel's whim.  For never had he said his prize to be of coin as every other's always been."
One quickly presumes, with a sly snicker, "I'd wager these unguarded treasures are penance for that deceit and much to Tyrilym's royal chagrin."
While three lovely ladies, all prim and polished very nice, debate the integrity of Lord Tyrilym's clever device, all about them hum like bees and tap upon Myrina's drum.  And at last to Leona's rescue a familiar face has come.
--
"Albert! Hey!  Leona's eyes brighten.  "Please sir, join me for a moment."  She taps the adjoining cushion and nods.  "I feel like a minnow that's hopped out of its fish bowl."
"I'm pleased to find you here, milady.  These are your countrymen, no need to feel uneasy."
"Quite a step-up compared to the crowd beer and pretzel guzzlers I usually run with."
"Within Lavare players are considered celebrities.  This is their gathering place, a neutral ground.  Some are retirees like myself.  Others are not actually players--administrators and entertainers for example--and usually some guests by special permission, minglers and sparklers they're called, but none of those may venture beyond the courtyard walls.  Only players are permitted to come and go at will."
"Does that mean, now that I'm here I'm stuck?"  Leona asks in a cautious tone.
"I doubt your freedom is in question, milady," Albert assures.  "You were invited.  Had you been summoned, you would have been escorted."
"Good to know," she nods with a smile.  "Haven't spotted my host yet though, or whatever Mr. Marwyn is exactly.  If someone asks me what I'm doing here, I'd have to fake it 'cause I'm really not sure." 
"When the time is appropriate," Albert consoles, "he will step forth, I'm certain."  "May I be so bold as to advise?"
"Yes, please!"
"A stranger in any established group tends to incite curiosity.  No doubt some who consider it their duty to know of everyone's business will eventually approach.  Refer to yourself as a guest--as my guest if you wish.  Here I am known as Arbosa of Loudes; tell any who ask, you are a friend of mine and leave it at that.  Such statement would not be a falsehood.  Among these folk, mention of your standing within the House of Durer may not serve your best interest just yet.  I would encourage that fine point be kept to oneself for now."
"I wouldn't dare! I mean theoretically... I'm a fugitive, right.  No, I just want to watch and learn," she purrs softly.  "Are you going to enter this treasure hunt tonight?"
"Not I," he admits, motioning toward the room at large.  "I leave such fun and games to these young roughnecks now.  From time to time I come to visit old friends.  We lie to each other a lot.  All in good jest you may be sure: how much we still can drink, how many fair maidens we have seduced of late, and other foolishness as might suit the day.  Every time we meet the adventures become more dangerous and the treasures more splendid.  In the world you know, I think they call it a bowling league."
Leona chuckles at Albert's analogy, then inquires.  "By the way, where are we?
"A very private place in North Carolina, about eighteen thousand acres as I recall."
"Okay... and what is a talent?"
 "How best to explain a talent?  yes... by your standards a very old unit of measurement, but one we of Lavare still employ.  It would translate to a bit over thirty kilograms or about sixty seven pounds as you would know it."
"Of course, yes," she agrees, considering for a moment with a notable exhale.  At $1500 an once, $18k a pound... that's over 12 million bucks! Holly shit!  
"Arboso, my friend" is heard above the ambient din of conversation from across the room.  It draws Albert's attention.  He acknowledges with raised tankard.
"A well meaning old friend," Albert advises, "who always consumes more ale than he should.  May I be excused, milady.  I need to console him or he will get louder."
"Oh sure, I mean yes, of course."  with that she nods and Albert graciously responds in kind and departs.
Three lovely ladies, clever, sly and getting quite mellow, sip their wine and wonder, "do we know that old fellow?  Arbosa of Loudes could he be?" a gentleman known both far and wide.  A sorcerer of fame is he, a man of wisdom, resources and great pride.  Masterful champion of the Games Regal, some claim to have seen unicorns prance at his side.  One, Another, or the Other would gladly consider his consort to be.  Thus, guaranteeing a life of comforts, serenity and pure luxury.  "A hundred talents he's carried off, payment so 'tis said, a Queen's misery to alleviate, but likely more to warm her bed.  Who then is this wench currying favor this night?"  Fortuity may be knocking here, if an introduction were contrived just right.
Three lovely ladies, so sleek and well attired, sip their wine as they devise, plot and conspire.  The Games Regal not the only sport afoot, nor all that may be gained by a clever liar.  If perchance they could meet this stranger's infamous confidant, too.  
Thus, Another to the Other inquires, "This quiet one over there is new.  All to herself, so nonchalant, Who might she be?  With such influential friends to flaunt that all about may see?"
To which the Other replies.  "Go... look into her eyes, see what secrets lie within.  Then come tell us that we may also make good sport of him."
"'Tis no fool, he whom you might beguile... take care," One to Another cautions with a slight tone of despair.  "For I should not so much enjoy your company were you soon a toad or spider to be."  Another to the One nods, then saunters off, an introduction to pursue so discreetly.  Alas, to her dismay, watching as her quarry chances to slip away.  Yet one must persist, for such opportunity may come again another day.
Three lovely ladies, rejoined as once within, they sip their wine, speculate and ponder of things that might have been.  Another to the Other regales, "She is called Leona of Guthrie, but her ornaments are unmistakably of Durer."  From our discourse, compared to us, one could think of her quite pure.  But, that trinket about her throat befits no less a queen, a sapphire the likes of witch I've never seen.  And queens are hardly less sullied than such as we.  Thus, I suppose we must bide our time, hence to wait and see.
"How strange," the Other infers, "I'm thinking that's a place I'd like to see.  For Guthrie is the kingdom of winds, a land which is only thought to be.  And Durer, though once it was, has long since ceased to be."
To which Another replies, "Not pretentious at all, quite friendly in fact, allowed me look into her eyes, then gazed into mine right back.  But the cloak keeps her secrets safely hidden from spies that nosy folk like us might not twist them into lies."
Now the Other adds with caution, "Wary I would be, for she has fairly warned.  Leona is a Durerish name and joined with Guthrie thus is born 'She Lion of the Winds.'  Not the likes of whom I'd care to scorn.
One may not but speculate, "Perhaps Arbosa is sire to this shy dear, or with such resource to tender, husband to this wench, I fear?"
"Envy her that cloak I do," remarks Another, "looks soft and warm as could be.  These slinky fabrics we three favor torment with chill constantly.  I'd trade her in a moment for that garment, then fast as I could off I'd flee.  She's one of the few here about who begs not to show her hind end for every he to see.  I'm wearing furs next time, that's it, you'll see; comfort, respect and dignity, that shall be the new me."
The Other to the One turns with a beam while Another glides off to embrace the crowd.  The Other confide, "not to be mean.  But, for crying out loud.  Why it is she thinks we three are invited to these social events.  I doubt such favor would continue if we strutted about wearing tents."
I've always suspected it has much to do with the fine form of our breasts and behinds," One discreetly laments.  While the Other arches her back and wiggles her bum to assure a smile of her friend's flattering comments.
Three lovely ladies, One, Another and of course the Other, now a bit more subtle, yet still their thoughts befuddled.  They conjure schemes of intrigue and motion an attendant to their aid.  "Wine my friend... bring us more wine, that we may continue this blatant charade."  Their spirits thus artfully piqued, these three shes seductively prance, the Other, quite unconcerned of any but One and Another as playfully they dance.  To and fro they cavort like nymphs off amongst a secluded wood.  Some might even boldly join in, if without notice only they could, but the serious business at hand assuredly precludes that they would.  The three lovely ladies frolic more so enticing than any the mimes might dare to provide.  Thus, their dubious reputations reinforced and assurance of future summons at best implied.  Least so long as they not present themselves concealed among furs or tents, yet of that infamous chill, still Another laments.  
Their garments elegant though of relatively simple taste.  Thus, somewhat inconspicuous as one might say of two gentlemen who have kept well to the room's extremities.  Neither has spoken to any other than themselves aside of the brief cordiality to passers-by.  Nor do they seem particularly interested in the challenge for which this gathering has been convened.  With but one curious exception, both follow every step Leona has taken since the moment those grand doors parted that she might enter the room.  The one is large, a fit and muscular fellow, a body guard if you will, an assassin in fact and one of the very best money can buy.  Though, beyond his seemingly natural talents for dispatching specified individuals, not very bright.  Sazrin he is called and his duty here today is to protect the interests of the other gentlemen, an accomplished sorcerer who very much resembles the classic stage image of Faust.
Sazrin knows his employer only as Um and for all intents and purposes that shall suffice.  Though not exactly the approved dress code, yet neither specifically forbidden, the weapons both carry are most certainly poisoned.
"A great inquiry is made of it when someone on this side is slain," Um advises quietly as he and Sazrin observe Leona's activities.  "If the Henzec's agent can entice her to cross it will be made a simpler matter.  As a player, all will accept without doubt that she has willingly placed herself at risk.  Becoming some what of a fugitive actually.  Death is a common hazard during the course of such entertainments.  There may even be a reward, thus, none could blame a citizen who took interest?"  Um turns to his accomplice, looking deep into his eyes to see if their is any hint of remorse or hesitation.  "I assure you," he asserts confidently, "no one would suppose it otherwise."  All the while Um knowing his hit man is ignorant of Leona's status as Heir to the House of Durer.  Or, that the premeditated murder of one of her standing would probably earn the culprit a slow torturous ending between the rack and pinion.  A broad, massive stone gear that's rolled over a flat ribbed oak plank to mangle the limbs of anyone anchored there between.  Though, if he succeeds, 'tis more likely he would succumb to poisoned drink precluding any risk of interrogation which might disclose his association with Um.
"We should be off now to prepare."  Um and his associate exit discreetly leaving the players to their games.
A boisterous comment catches Leona's ear, in tone of voice she never again thought to hear.  Still, solace may be found in that it might be heard at all; thus, her attention's drawn to a gathering across the hall.  Three stout fellows, rude, crude and short, each of them a gentlemen of his own sort.  Beards and locks trimmed smartly for this evening's event, they sip rye whisky though it were spring water laced with peppermint.  Fine dark Italian suits and pin-striped silken shirts, tailored to each the same in every way.  Stout chests strut out like peacocks, elegant amulets of wizard's work to display.  But wait... for one appears but a chain alone with a broken clasp, alas something has gone astray.  Could they be those she slew within her game of fantasy?  That they exist at all further confounds this plague of mysteries.  Which was it then, she begs to know, to what vague place did she really go?  Wondrous visions of fantasy or cruel displaced reality?  How does a coin pierced in a dream find its way to my bed table?  A relief to see they've fared so well, and each remains quite able.  The sleuth, she edges closer now, in hope their amulets would dare the truth to tell, that this confounding fog of mind might at last dispel.  'Tis as she feared; was it a dream or not?  They were with her there; the self-same three she fought.  Two still display a golden talisman the like of which deflected a crossbow's dart.  The third of them's given up his treasure, no less a token from the heart.  Shared with the wench who cut him down then labored doggedly all the day that they might be consumed of fire and properly sent upon their way.  Albert spoke of purgatory; did I miss an important point?  Was I in their dream, too?  Will they remember me as well?  Had the pyre not been fulfilled, would they be here now, or lost and wandering still?
Sagen's first to recognize; thus, cautiously does he inform.  "Brothers, we have company," his tone as much to warn.  Unconcerned of his dismay, for her task is not to scorn.  She steps forth, a debt to repay, that both are nevermore forlorn.  "Beg your pardon," she pleads of Patch.  "I've found something you may have mislaid."  She extends her palm, therein the amulet graciously rendered to her aid.  "If by chance again we meet I hope the circumstance more cordial than when first our paths crossed.  Such a shame were either of us to be forever lost."  They but nod in due respect.  Now does she slip away, as further words would be misspent and complicate this play.
The talisman's come full circle now.  Indeed it seemed an obligation and she's pleased the opportunity arose.  Even more, that it was smoothly accomplished.  She quietly returns to those most intriguing documents gathered earlier, 'Tenets of Barter and Ransom,' the next of her lessons.
Very shortly, she's distracted again, this time by a child-like snicker; a suppressed giggle comes next to tease.  The engaging little Pixie, or whatever, who enticed her to have her fortune read, pops into view at the far side of the table.  "Hello!"  Leona exclaims delightedly, quite surprised at her appearance.  "I remember you," Leona muses, but failing to look nearly so serious as she tries to sound.  "You're the little devil got me into all this."  The woman-child beams a mischievous grin.  "Have you still got my penny?"  Nodding an unmistakable yes, the darling's expression transforms into a gleeful smile so big there's hardly space enough for her dimples.  "I thought so; never give it back, will you?"  A quirky tight-lipped "no," her silent response to this challenge.  'Tis not the penny itself you see, but the fact it was given willingly, for now, however slight it may be, there is hint of a binding between these shes.
Shyly shrugging her shoulders, the child slowly raises both hands into view.  She appears to be holding a fish bowl hidden beneath a heavy herringbone cloth woven of browns and greens.  Gently upon the table the little mischief maker places the round object; her wings flutter amid a flurry of giggles and she dashes away without further ado.  The spherical shape begins to melt, more and more until it has completely disappeared allowing the cover settle flat upon the table.  Flat that is, except for a small bump nuzzling its way about there beneath, searching it seems to find a way out from under.  The energetic lump reaches the edge, hesitates for a moment, then a tiny pointed head peeks out to see where he might be.
"Bird! You little rascal!" Leona exclaims in a hushed but excited whisper.  "Where have you been?  I'm sorry... things just got so out of hand.  How could you be here though?"  Her tone of voice becomes even more subdued, or perhaps frightened.  With Bird's appearance boundaries are becoming blurred again.  Abstracts pose a serious burden upon those possessing an analytical nature.  "Are you real, too?  Was none of it a dream... or has it never really ended?"
She places an inviting finger near her repatriated friend.  Bird is quick to jump aboard.  Raising her little pet to eye level, one might think to reminisce of their adventures.  Bird nuzzles the underside of his chin back and forth on her fingertip, as much to say 'missed you, too,' then cocks his head first to one side, then the other--his way of sizing up the new environment.  "Have I stepped across the line again?"  She confides to her tiny gray confident, seemingly unconcerned someone might think it strange she's conversing with little more than a bug.  "I swear, I can't tell the difference."
The sudden, unscheduled demise of a glass refocuses Leona's attention on the surroundings.  Bird knows an opportunity when it's presented, jumps to her gown and quickly disappears, knowing exactly where to hide when something's gone amiss.  Neither is he shy in the least about it.  One could imagine the little rascal's pleased with the remodeled accommodations.
"Oh shit!  You little pecker," she hisses, glancing around to see if anyone might have noticed Bird's maneuver.  "Hey!  That was only allowed because it was a game, an imaginary game may I remind.  So it didn't count.  You can't do that for real."  She bashfully surveys the vicinity once more; no one's attention appears drawn to her activities.  "You're embarrassing me; I don't even know these people."  She cautiously replaces her disbelieving expression with a casual smile, total denial being her best defense.   Ha! No! you're mistaken; that didn't really happen.  After all, at least until proven otherwise, this is not another imagined state of being.  Anyway, cheap thrills are to be avoided in public.  "Don't you dare peek out of there," she quietly admonishes.  "You hear me?  I need time to work this out."
In defense of talking to lizards, uncommon though it may seen.  What child do you know who may resist and upon the slightest 'wolf' of their new pet fails not to beam?  I beg you consider also the old maid or wealthy widow, can you think of one that does not share the blame?  What difference, be it cat, canary, demon or pampered pup, do they not all serve as the same?  Unconditional love when times are tough or gentle distraction to keep one from going insane.
Temon the Pale's somber voice breaks the air again, stirring her back to the task at hand.  "Hear ye, Hear ye!  Players of the Games Regal," he announces.  "Your judge for the contest at Myrina, the esteemed Keal of Thormoney, now bids you join him at the gateway."  The room's buzz falls silent as the guests migrate toward Temon's voice.
A double-extra-large noble-looking sort in his 70's stands at Temon's side.  His robes of the deepest blue, and very tastefully trimmed of scarlet, burgundy and a white so bright one could imagine it electrified.  Golden laurels entwine a hardy crop of curly graying locks, and in his grasp a blade no less impressive than those of Arthurian legend.  A Roman senator at least, if not Caesar himself.  He acknowledges the gathering with a slight slow nod.  "I am Keal of Thormoney and I am master of this game," he announces in a deep authoritative tone.  "To all now before me, I swear under pain of death to execute fair and just the articles of play presented forthwith.  I have arbitrated thirty-two events and still my head remains upon my shoulders," he jokes morbidly with a wave of his hand.  "Be ye nobleman, knight, knave, or maiden most fair, skullduggery will not be tolerated.  I shall be the judge of your deeds as the Henzecs are of mine."  That said, he alights gently upon a throne crafted of solid tourmaline; this amidst a long, narrow, semicircular table which has just risen up out of the floor.  With an assuring smile, he spreads his arms and continues.  "Who then among you will cast their lot this night against the perils of Myrina?"
Leona mingles with those near the far end of the table, all the while trying to detect some hint of this amazing gateway reputed to be so near.
By ones and twos they come forth to pay their dues.  Two spry lads, twins perhaps with strawberry blond hair are the first, matching Armani suits, ruffled French shirts of lavender, sunglasses, and fedoras, with two swords to each strapped diagonally across their backs.  They bow respectfully, one placing an investment-size gold brick upon the table.  Drawing their swords in unison and pointing them skyward, "Aye!" they affirm.  
Amazons, one could imagine, beautiful creatures built like gazelles and attired in artfully translucent gowns.  They toast each other with golden goblets, then, lay them on their sides, coins spill out.  They nod and salute the game master with raised daggers.  "Aye, home to Myrina."
Two children excitedly approach; at first impression, neither could be more than thirteen, but to deceive is the game's calling.  Given her own trials of late, neither the unenlightened nor the unprepared earn an opportunity to approach this table.   Each drops a leather purse of coin upon the table as a child might dispense with toys in which they've lost interest.  "We've come to play in Myrina, sir" the little girl teases gleefully.  Thus, it continues by one's and two's as a rich broth of over forty vie for Lord Tyrilym's trinkets particularly those by all accounts unguarded and light of weight.
Only Cirq De Sole could muster so unique a crew as these, and likely none more agile nor daring.  Not the most fearsome lot as against a sovereign force of arms, but 'tis seldom strength that deals the killing card.  Stealth, illusion, concealment and retreat by far and away the weapons of choice.  And yet still one or two who would part a sponsoring noble of his wealth on the strength of boundless arrogance alone.
As the ranks of interested players dwindle, the crowd begins to drift back to their socializing, not the least of which is daring one another to reconsider and take on the infamous Lord Tyrilym.
When all seems done, a hooded figure steps to the table adjacent her position and places a leather pouch of coin upon table.  One hand moves from beneath his cape presenting Leona the scabbard of her sword; the tip of which is carefully supported by an especially constructed pedestal strapped to his knee.  This because the weight of it would otherwise be unbearable.  If she takes hold and he is thus obliged to release his grip, he is really not sure of what will happen.  With the other he pulls the hood back revealing himself to be the scalawag she has been patiently waiting for.  He lowers his eyes.  "Your blade, milady."
"So... there you are," she responds in a monotone akin to the rumbling that might precede a volcanic disturbance.  "You've got balls offering me a knife after the stunts you've pulled."
Always curious of a lover's quarrel, game master Keal allows his attention drift toward Marwyn's back and Leona, he nods and smiles.  Leona notices, returns a slight but gracious nod and refocuses sharply upon her antagonist.
"Your trials were necessary, milady.  They have granted you entry here among your kind.  If you would know the reason for your being, come now to Myrina and glimpse your world?"
Slowly she withdraws the blade; thereupon, the ominous inscription remains.  Her gaze begs to ask if she might take a serious swing at this fellow.  Marwyn is at once perplexed and relieved that she can do so without it crashing to the floor.
"Was I drugged?" she inquires.
"No; your thoughts and deeds had to be genuine.  Your state was more hypnotic in nature."
"There were two games... weren't there?"  I was the only one playing both; is that correct?" 
"Yes!"
"And do you intend to mislead me again?"  She inquires as much to warn as ask.
"No, from this moment on I shall be honest and truthful in every matter."
"Swear to it, here and now before all these good people as witnesses"
"I do so swear, milady."
Leona turns her attention toward the game master, Marwyn takes note and follows suit.
The game master nods, "Your oath to this maiden is duly noted, sir."
Leona nods her appreciation of the game master's acknowledgment and returns her attention to Marwyn.  "Then I would know."  Without breaking eye contact she raises the blade over her head.  "Aye!"

So Ends
The Beginning

Congratulations, It's a long story and in this world of acronym laced texting and Twitter, finishing is an accomplishment.  I hope you've enjoyed rummaging around in my day dreams for a while. 

A common element of fairy tales are rhymes.  I have incorporated several here and there to add a hint of spice.  I hope you have found these diversions interesting and for those who have, something extra of a sort.  Moth Tales, my first attempt, which is not related to the story line in Fantasy Games in any way is included below.  




GLOSSARY OF CHARACTERS AND PLACES

Adair - Lord Bredon's younger son, one of two intruders at Karn's remote hunting lodge.
Albert, aka Arbosa of Loudesi - Pap's friend, highly respected retired gamer, astrologer 
Atlanta, Ga. - Where the protagonist Leona and her three friends attends college.
Another - One of the three lovely ladies.
Arbosa of Loudesi aka Albert - Pap's friend, retired highly respected gamer, astrologer.
Art aka Dork aka Arther - Leona's current boyfriend.
Baroa - A local witch who has employed Hemmil on occasion.
Beth - Leona's very best friend, (a displaced valley girl).
Benefactor aka Inquisitor - the person or force that created Lavare.
Binder, aka Sorceress, aka Sanaia, - engaged by Mark to assist in Leona's trials.
Bird aka Demon - Leona's tiny pet lizard and anonymous
protector.
Botch - Lord Roux's go-for person.
Brier Keg Inn - where Leona stays while plans her friends escape.
Brier Patch - The old woman Leona rescued from Snob, the fox shape-shifter
Brobose Inn - Where Leona discovers Art after he has abandoned her when the three trolls hired by Mark accost the couple at the beginning of the game.
Carmel Girl - Leona's real world pet mare.
Cele - Brobose Inn's kitchen cat.
Christi - Minor friend of Leona and Art.
Cleo, aka The Harlot - waitress at the Brobose Inn, In the real world, Punk female gamer conscript.
Cleric - Sorceress hired by Marwyn to verify Leona's identity.
Clovin - The mythical metal of which Leona's sword is allegedly made.
Coinage of the game- 10 iron strikes = 1 lead,
10 lead strikes = 1 copper,
10 coppers = 1 silver coin,
10 silver = 1 gold coin of the realm.
1 talent = 30kg or approx. 67 pounds
Como - One of the witch Rueshaba's kitchen servants.
Conall Esail - country Lad who tries to seduce Leona.
Concord, New Hampshire, location where story opens.
Consort - Lord Roux's lady friend, In real world, Yuppie female gamer conscript.
Customer aka Karn aka Lord of Orchard - Leona's principal ally within the game.
Darian, aka Pap, aka Grandpa - Leona's supposed grandfather, but in fact guardian, alchemist.
Day of the Inquisitor - The day 362 years ago when 6000 invading troops from one city marched on another and all were slaughtered
and the family responsible was exiled to wander without a home thereafter.  The only national holiday.
Dialyn - A city at the ancient bridge, opposite the city of Orna both grand but long destroyed and abandoned.
Doorman - Jagat's old hound dog.
Doran - Lord Bredon's elder arrogant son, one of two intruders at Karn's remote hunting lodge.
Dork aka Art aka Author - Leona's current collage boy friend.
Durer - City of Leona's father, one of 36 city-states within the realm of Lavare.
Edie - One of two kitchen maids at the Brobose Inn.
Escheloson - Roux's principal sorcerer.
Ev - One of two kitchen maid at the Brobose Inn.
Fog or Mist - an impenetrable boundary which separates the realm of Lavare from all else.
Grandpa, aka Darian, aka Pap - Leona's supposed grandfather, but in fact guardian, an alchemist.
Granny - Leona's supposed grandmother, but in fact guardian, an archer. 
Guest - Rubinesk female guest at the Brobose Inn who takes a liking to Art.
Guthrie - Alias sir name of Leona's guardian's, or supposed grandparents.
Hale - Beth's college boyfriend.
Harlot, aka Cleo - Waitress at the Brobose Inn, In real world, Punk female gamer conscript.
Hebb - Local peasant, who's dog is attacked by a dragon.
Hemmil - The reluctant but supportive Alchemist.
Henzec Tribunal The three judges that rule over the realm of Lavare and administer the games Regal.
Hezhspi - the more foolish of the sorcerer Escheloson's apprentice.
His Lordship aka Lord Roux, aka Lord of Mosheum, aka Roux of Arigon, the principal antagonist - In real world, Yuppie male gamer conscript.
House of Myrina - A city state within the realm of Lavare.
Inquisitor, aka Benefactor - the person or force that created Lavare.
Ivious, aka The Knuckle Muncher - One of the witch Rueshaba's moronic demons.
Jagat Bose - Owner of the Brobose Inn, friend to the Lord of Orchard
Jahnis - A pilgrim who provides Leona with a narcotic salve.
Jester - In the real world, Punk male gamer conscript.
Judge of Sorrows - A member of the Henzec Tribunal.
Karife's Laws - Laws governing the imaginary game.
Karn, aka Lord of Orchard, aka Customer - Leona's principal ally within the game.
Keal of Thormoney - arbitrator of the upcoming game at Myrina.
Keep - Roux's residence, prison, and garrison.
Klena - wife of Jagat Bose's, proprietor of the Brobose Inn, who assists Art and Leona.
Lady of Durer, aka Leo, aka Leona - story's Protagonist.
Lavare - Meaning purified, The realm, comprised of 36
city-states, with a population of three million.
Leo, aka Leona, aka Lady of Durer - story's Protagonist.
Leona, aka Leo, aka Lady of Durer - story's Protagonist.
Lord Bredon, aka Lord of Kains Bridge - former friend who betrays Karn to gain his estates.
Lord Hilgh - A Noble who offered his daughter as a prize in one
of the games
Lord of Consequence - A member of the Henzec Tribunal.
Lord of Kains Bridge, aka Lord Bredon - former friend who betrays Karn to gain his estates.
Lord of Mosheum, aka Roux of Arigon, aka His Lordship aka Lord Roux - In the real world, Yuppie male gamer conscript
Lord of Orchard, aka Customer, aka Karn - Leona's principal ally within the game.
Lozene - the wiser Escheloson's apprentice.
Lythiria - Leona's mother, deposed Queen of Durer, age would be 45 when story opens.
Mark, Marwyn of Cereta - Advocate of the realm, initially an antagonist of sorts, now an ally.
Marwyn of Cereta, Mark - Advocate of the realm, initially an antagonist of sorts, now an ally.
Matthew Pounds - rogue at Brier Keg Inn who confronts Leona.
Millerie Minifoph - Alchemist's girlfriend.
Minnon - Keeper of memories/truths, a mystical block of metal which looks like coal.
Minnon's Stone - Employed by Mark to record the imaginary game.
Mishoff - Judge within the imaginary game who sentences Beth and Hale to impalement.
Mom - Hemmil the Alchemist's excitable mother.
Mosheum - City state where game takes place, domain of Roux.
Mr. Monocles - Roux's accountant.
Mr. Turnip -  Roux's overweight collector of fines.
Nobleman of Equity - A member of the Henzec Tribunal.
One - One of the three lovely ladies.
Oracle of Serophia - A fortune teller for who's services Leona has been bequeathed a token from her mother
Orion - Male child who braved the oncoming wagon and advises Leona about dragons.
Orna - a long destroyed and abandoned city at the ancient bridge, opposite Dialyn.
Other - One of the three lovely ladies.
Patch - One of three Trolls hired by Mark to harass
Leona; his magical amulet later saves her life.
Perry - Minor friend of Leona and Art.
Philapee - Leona's friend and body guard from the realm.
Pious - Snob's sorcerer, eventually enslaved by the witch Rueshaba.
Prof - Leona's chemistry instructor.
Rea  - Large male servant of the Cleric
Regal Game  The blood sport of Lavare new game begins every six weeks, each city hosts a game once every four years.
Roux of Arigon, aka His Lordship aka Lord Roux, aka Lord of.- Leona's principal antagonist.
Mosheum - In the real world, Yuppie male gamer conscript.
Rueshaba, aka The Witch - An independent antagonist, In real world, the Redneck female gamer conscript who steals a bit of candle from the game.
Sagen - One of three Trolls hired by Mark to harass Leona.
Sanaia, aka Sorceress, aka binder - engaged by Mark to assist in Leona's trials.
Sazrin - Um's hired assassin.
Serophia - Oracle of Lythiria, Leona's mother's gift coin.
Shishkebaber - impaling torture device.
Shorty - One of three Trolls hired by Mark to harass Leona.
Simous - Ambassador of Myrina who proclaims the forthcoming regal game.
Snob - An arrogant noble who hires The Witch Rueshaba to kill Leona and secure her sword for himself.
Sorceress, aka Sanaia, aka binder - Engaged by Mark to assist in Leona's trials
Sorin - active city adjoining Mosheum at the bridge where the escapees regroup.
Squeaky - Patch's taunting female ghost.
Squillets - Imagined demons created by Leona to scare and mislead Adair and Doran.
Stick - Local dissident who advises Leona about the Keep and provides fresh horses for their get-away.
Susana - Beth's three year old daughter.
Tax Man - A minor antagonist, In the real world, Redneck male gamer conscript.
Temon of Andreanar (the pale) - certifier of Simous claims regarding the real games.
Toeluqule - Fairy who entices Leona at the gaming fair.
Tyrilym - Lord of Myrina who is sponsoring the upcoming real game to which Leona has been invited.
Ulik - Mark's pet owl who teases Leona in Sanaia's library.
Um - A real sorcerer with a predisposed dislike of Leona who has engaged the assassin Sazrin.
Wannabee - Tax Man's trainee who discloses Leona's destination.
Weaver - A spirit creating a chronicle of Patch's life prior to his death.
Wistinn, Ga. - rural area where Leona, Pap and Granny reside.
Witch, aka Rueshaba - An independent antagonist, In real world, the Redneck female gamer conscript who steals a bit of candle from the game.
Wythnor - Leona's younger brother, not confirmed dead.


Acknowledgment of registered trade names, real persons and fictitious characters.  All trademarks, company names and logos cited herein are the property of the respective owners.
Fantasy Games evolves within two worlds simultaneously and it is important that the players remain aware of both.  To accomplish this the author has made one time references to recognizable elements of the real modern day world including commonly recognized trade, personal, stage, business, film and corporate names to provide the story's characters a bases in reality.  The author makes no claim what so ever regarding any of these references, they are solely for the purpose of instilling the element of reality within the story's context, as follows:

TV, Film, Entertainment:
Star Trek
The Great Escape
Twilight Zone
Si-Fi channel
Discovery channel
The Great Gatsby
Cirq De Sole

Fictitious characters:
King Kong
Cinderella
Minotaur
William Tell

Company and Product Trade manes:
Monopoly
Thunderbird
Rolex
Cartier
Armani
Lalique
Fouquet
BMW
Chevy
Mercedes
McDonald's
Corvette
Firebird
UPS
Red Bulls
Big Mack
Wal-Mart
Alka-Seltzer
Google
Kool-Aid
Old Frothingslosh
Vogue (magazine)

Real people and stage manes:
Mata Hari
May West
Brad Pitt
Laurel and Hardy
Grateful Dead
Simon and Garfunkel
Rub Goldberg

Phrases and literature:
Coyote Ugly
Doctor Feel Good
Something wicked this way comes
Pandora's Box




MOTH TAILS


Warm water and clean linens
With much good spirit allowed,
As an expectant young mother
Labors to bear her first child.

At least so,
Till the room's light began to grow dim,
Strangely paling, evermore,
From the confines there within.

A great storm of dark clouds
Was thought to encroach,
Hence, one did rush toward a window
To view of its approach.

"It's turning black!" the woman gasped;
"The sun... it's fading from the sky!"
"Bring lamps," the midwife cries out in dismay;
"Light we must have or this child could die!"

Yet, all stood fast,
For none could but watch,
While this most noble of tasks
The heavens have chosen to debauch.

One fearful maiden whimpered,
Then, could not but to cry,
While the moon's silhouette
Stole all light from on high.

Total eclipse,
Surely the Grim Reaper's deed.
A token that man and beast alike
Should caution and take heed.

For among them, never a one 
Had seen such foreboding sight,
That of midday's sky
Seemingly withering into night.

Thus, came they to wonder,
How might this task succeed?
As never more for bright of day
Was there of greater need.

Why does the sun forsake the sky
That cottony clouds turn now to soot?
Lest some wicked curse there's been
Or evil deed come underfoot.

"Banish this cloak of night," one demurs
With trembling word, as more to scold than plead.
"The time has come," begs another;
"Let not her gift be lost nor this gentlewoman bleed."

But, still the room came black as pitch
That none could more than fumble about.
For lack of flint and candle's wick
This cause may soon be lost, no doubt.

The frightened mother-to-be
Drew tense and cautious breath.
So delicate her circumstance
Was she scared near half to death.

Yet, resolute did she remain
Till that ominous shadow quietly slipped by.
And there, now with her mother,
So calmly, a new born child did lie.

Such stillness overtook the room,
One could hear another's heartbeat.
Each to the other duly nodded,
As those who caution wisely might entreat.

Sorcery was at hand, they feared,
And all wished to remain quite discreet.
One young lady milled about aimlessly,
Paying strict attention to her feet.

The midwife sighed,
Then, fainted dead away;
Whereas none among the others
Dared a word to say.

For they knew such departures
Are better left to lay;
With any thought of disquiet
Held silent till another day.

Now, as the chamber brightened anew
The child began to wail.
And every morn at first glimpse of dawn,
Her eyes yet closed, again would she rebel.

Screaming till windows were shuttered tight,
With curtains veiled to block the light.
Lest she'd rage as by demons possessed
Against each new day's coming bright.

A child opposed to all that glowed,
However dim or slight.
Terrified unto hysterics
By all but the frail moon's light.

Hence, those who came unto her presence
So as not to stir a fright,
One veiled candle only
Dared they to ignite.

Thus, a young maiden came to be,
Pale her skin and hair.
Both the color of ivory,
For the sun she could not bear.

Six years would pass
While cloistered there she remained;
Hidden in the darkness
As the bat sealed in its cave, thus restrained

Collateral she was in fact,
Against a debt as yet unpaid.
The hand of destiny, the finger of fate,
Being not of those you may evade.

Her bed no less a coffin,
Her room no less a grave,
Held prisoner there,
As one unto the dark of night forevermore a slave.

Yet, always adjacent the shutters,
Though forlorn and melancholy,
Condemned, only but to listen
While the other children folly.

They played and laughed
In a place she was forbidden to go,
That inviting space 'tween dawn and dusk
Where demon light did glow.

Perhaps an owl was she meant to be?
Left alone, far removed from society.
A life laid waste, abandoned,
In some gnarled old forgotten tree.

Hidden there, shrouded by the night,
As would an outcast entity,
With naught but chill of darkness
And crickets to keep company.

Though solitude may be sublime for some,
As I, 'tis seldom so for a child.
How unconcerned her world's become,
To one so innocent, yet, invariably wild.

Late evening oft would find the waif
Standing upon her table;
The confining shrouds to unlatch
Whenever she was able.

Thus, to admit pale light of moon
To this dark reclusive fable.
A dismal, otherworldly place,
So sad, bleak, and unstable.

Wondering where, they, her only friends came from,
And even more, curious as to where they'd go.
Perhaps as she, off to hide from the coming dawn,
They too, banished by the sun's warm glow.

This radiant solace reserved to others,
That none among her kind may know.
Expelled, forced to withdraw and cloak their eyes,
Ever to seek he whose name is shadow.

With naught but this chamber's dismal despair
And her portal's bounded view,
Dreams are confused, uninspiring,
Difficult to construe.

The subtle rhythmic sounds of night
Her frequent lullaby.
This lithe pale damsel's tears
Faint prayer to wish this world goodbye.

One night, while a lonely vigil,
Gazing into dark and moonless sky,
Came a stranger's voice, "Sabrinnaaa!"
So soft and warm to ply.

There seemed such comforting of presence,
Alas, faint tear came to eye.
Then, appeared so fair a maiden,
A noble sorceress none dare defy.

Deep emerald was milady's cloak,
Adorned of long, translucent, elegant trains.
Fluttering softly thereabout
As though swift breeze constantly remains.

Opalescent jewels
Emitted gentle radiance of greenish hue,
Her staff of icy splinters
Topped with flame of azure blue.

Garlands of tiny stars
Woven through endless manes of pitch black hair,
Crescent moons upon flowing sleeves
Danced whimsically with naught a care.

Purple mantles upon her shoulders,
An exalted status to proclaim.
None graced of such a presence,
But short breath dare they retain.

So dark her eyes one could imagine,
Perhaps, indeed, they were not there.
Might this at last death's angel be?
For others, cause of great despair.

"I am Selene," she whispered gently;
"We've met before, there... in the sky.
To stir the winds with cool of night, 
Thus, mistress of the seas, am I.

To grind the rocks of shore to sand 
With relentless caress of tides, do I.
For waves are born of my command;
Though soft pale light of night, am I.

Spark to set a lover's soul to flame,   
Then softly calm with morning's dew, shall I.
Almost every night I've shown myself to thee;
Muse of wolves... dear child... the moon am I."

Your mother, too, oh yes... I knew her well,
Though she would prefer it not.
For of her own words, with your conception,
Was she then bound and caught.

Indeed... she did abandon thee, long, long ago,
Even though as now you are... then, were you not.
Thus, are you the pledged,
The child first born... your lot!

Now, time has come for favors granted
That I may solicit my fee.
For the passions humans know, you see,
Are denied to such as me.

My daughters are born of foolish women,
As your mother came to be.
Look into the heavens, my dear...
What there do you see?

Each star, a frivolous request
I've granted... come into reality,
Ill-considered promises...
Souls willingly forfeit to me.

Some imposed upon others,
Whom as you... were yet to be.
Indeed, at that moment of darkness, 
'Twas I... came safe to deliver thee.

To the sky then... raise your eyes,
To all those trivial dreams made real,
Exchanged for the spirits of children,
Yet innocent, pure, and genteel."

Visions of fairies the moon's maiden form weaves,
Each resplendent of revelry, merriment, and jest.
"Festivity unending I promise to thee,"
Enticed pale lips at their best.

Thus, did Selene lure the little munchkin
As young lovers she would beguile.
The innocent her willing consorts
Come the onset of their trial.

Of moonbeams she narrates,
Implied, though false covenants of privacy.
That one, by touch alone, 
May ignite cautious first spark of intimacy.

"I am that by which shadow is transformed
Unto paramour's delight.
Teasing as it does with subtle reflection
And fine pale droplets of light.

The aphrodisiac from the sky,
A potion which never fails to incite.
Just faint enough that amorous adventurers
Will dare as only lovers might.

Thus, allowing one may seek another
Beyond the shadows of twilight.
The blood boils, the mind reels,
Every touch the further to excite.

I, to render the veil of darkness translucent,
As also that of a bride to be;
Ploy to keep her near,
Yet only within clear sight of he.

Thus hidden, so to tease,
That subtle promise just beyond,
All the better one to pursue 
Before first glimpse of coming dawn."

Hypnotic illusions these,
Though, not entirely forthright.
Yet, as from perspectives
Few mortals could hope to recite.

"Forsake the golden sphere,
So hot and painfully bright;
A face one dare not look upon
Without risk of harming sight.

Come away,"
Dares she fervently her victim to excite,
"Hereafter, 
Acknowledge only my faint, cool, silvery light.

Accept temptation's warm discomforting guise
On this calm and private night.
Dance among my gossamer rays...
Embrace that ecstasy which is flight."

Seduced was she, as few may resist at once
The splendor of dreams and domains where poets play.
The child beams at such possibility,
But yet, with slight dismay.

For in the dark, she wonders,
"However shall I find my way?
Can you help me please?"
With big, bright, hopeful eyes she prays.

Weeping tiny tears with sighs,
How could one not be charmed, thus swayed?
Selene, quick to assure,
That fair maiden's passage be not delayed.

"Life shall be short though sweet for thee,
A week... ten days at best.
But, as I am, so ye shall be, reborn again constantly, 
Then, all of winter's days to rest.

With warmth of spring to emerge anew,
As of my court a royal guest.
With those first to bloom of golden hue, 
Come forth... resume your noble quest.
 
From harm's way to keep you safe,
Wings to glide upon luminous breeze.
Appended of long elegant trains, are they,
Ever thereafter you to follow, shall these.

Of soft warm ermine, a fine coat 
Will I also fashion for thee.
By this, night's chill to keep at bay.
And golden tiaras too, of delicate filigree.

If bats come near or spiders leer
From clever unseen web,
Their presence you shall sense,
Thus, to avoid unwelcome dread.

Your eyes will glow as those of a demon
Far removed from grace,
Ever when light being not of mine
Is shown upon your face.

And if a mortal glimpses thee,
So to Wonder, 'Could this delight a pixie be?
Or vivid figment of imagination
By that last pint of ale now set free?'

Faint recollection of the Brothers Grimm
Muddled with memories of those grown old,
Pleasant thoughts from childhood days,
Now come again to tease so bold.

Not so, say I, for truth be told,
'Tis good fortune no less of worth 
As having one's palm crossed with gold
Or of fine company be filled with mirth.

'Twas the moon's handmaiden,
So thought provoking her flight.
For a Luna Moth their path has crossed,
Such rare and enchanting sight.

An image for those who brave the dark.
Be it of their need to flee
Or desire with another in the meadow to lie, 
Homage to fairest Aphrodite. 

Of persimmon and birch,
A broth I've prepared for you,
Spiced with blossoms of twilight
And spark of magic too.

All this afloat in a goblet of silver 
Filled with clear sweet morning's dew.
Dear, pale, lovely maiden... drink,
That my gifts to thee may I imbue.

Bid you sleep, perchance to dream... now I do, 
For there alone are covenants as these fulfilled.
That place of quiet where all may blend,
Ferment and be appropriately distilled.

Allow that my enchantments
Guide your spirit and forevermore your soul ignite,
Draw near," Selene entices softly;
"Be as one upon the winds with me this very night.

Caution though, for of my children
Some are swayed when first do they awake.
Led astray by desires once they possessed
To discreet, but unfortunate mistake.

Be not as those to seek nirvana,
Pleasures brief as the moth drawn toward open flame.
As oft many a frivolous maiden dares,
Thinking naught to lose, ah! but love to gain.

There to perish in a flash,
With only ash then to remain.
Though, I think not such creature was a fool,
Nor has found death aside of passionate refrain.

For each desiring of the other, as do lovers,
The wayward moth no less adored her fiery mate.
Cast not your spirit upon elusive whims,
Tempt not thus the merciless hand of fate."

Be it instinctive or playful charade,
Her noble guest to delight.
The young maiden concedes with a smile,
Curling herself into blankets snug and tight.

A giggle, a stretch, and a yawn,
Then fast asleep was she, as any child might.
Soon to come, a sparkling clarity
And fellowship with the night.

The wonder of metamorphosis
Like the wave of a magic wand,
Thus, to banish all which was
Before first glimpse dawn.

This, so complete a reformation 
As the pyre exacts from those who've gone.
Labors no less inspired than those of Merlin
Among the mists of fabled Avalon.

Now, much as the caterpillar
Embraced of silken cocoon,
Hidden safely there within,
Her entire being is consumed.

Calm, precious silence, lovely stillness,
Tears dried at last,
With reservation not,
A child thus steps beyond the looking glass.

Finally at peace with destiny,
Her spirit gracefully exhumed.
A pale and awkward grub transformed,
Then, taking flight to please the moon.

By this, all she has come to know,
Now does she forswear.
Recant of every thought, banished,
Never again to despair.

Selene embraces her new consort,
As to a bride, the groom endows his vows with rings.
"To the house of the moon, thee I welcome,
Thus, my mark now set upon your wings.

We are one, you and I,
Henceforth, my night shall be your day.
With subtle wisp of image
Now to thee I show the way.

Noble carnivores will howl
While crickets chirp to entertain,
A thousand fireflies shall twinkle
As they dance in choreographed refrain.

Choruses of frogs and echo of whippoorwill,
Artistically added to these,
With katydids and wind to whisper
Among the surf of shuffling leaves.

Mingle with scent of wild rose,
Milkweed, and hummingbird's delight,
Blend by whirling breeze
To pique your paramour's appetite.

Upon restless brook, trickle of spring
And still pools of water alike,
My reflection shall cavort, 
As thus, for thee I set aside the veils of night.

With peril not, be off,
The deepest wood to navigate.
Wheresoever thou desire, you may go,
Be not as those who hesitate.

Dew-laden architectures of forest and field,
Delicate, yet held so tight.
Jewels bound up by arachnid's handiwork,
Ever glistening beneath my wondering light.

Whether these tiny droplets of moisture,
The delicate lacewing to excite.
Led astray with tragic consequence, 
That now sad eulogy need we recite.

Or among the fountains of fabled Shalimar,
That strands of pearls shimmer even mid-of-night. 
Rows of tiny moon lit crescents reflected,
Her lover to assure, entice and delight.

Thus, a Moorish Princess from afar,
Her Persian paramour glimpse of endearing sight.
The most lethal tool at a lady's command,
image, irresistible as the vampire's bite.

Not a place exists upon this world,
However well hidden, nor too far;
That my embrace may not seek you out,
No matter when, nor where you are.

For I have been since time began
And still shall be when it comes to an end,
That not remains but dust, vapor,
And the souls of mankind to attend.
 
Some my light to follow, love will find,
yet others not but sorrow or despair.
Never may I say which, for 'tis with free will
That each their own path must they declare.

'My sphere lingers 'tween dusk and dawn, 
For the passionate, ever the realm of delight.
How exquisite this place we dwell...
Forgiving and ethereal is the night."

A forlorn mother now greets the day,
Bewilderment her plight.
Fearful is she to recall her promise
To the moon that fateful night.

Scorched there upon the headboard
Of her child's cold and vacant bed,
Only the crescent mark of the moon
Now remains instead.

"My firstborn," foolishly she pledged,
"Is yours I promise tonight;
If that handsome rogue
You can entice to my bed forthright."

And with that, she got her wish,
With no regard of the vow dared she to recite.
Conspirators now are they,
This frivolous wench and luminous orb of night.

Forevermore bound by spark of lust,
Upon seeing the lad judged to be her heart's delight.
Though, to condemn an innocent, how sad,
For such vile deed this woman had not the right.

But, once her ill-considered bargain was struck,
Deceived and hopelessly seduced was he.
The moon, thus inspired, quick to beguile,
So as not to lose her fee.

The wench at once appearing
As no less the finest of tapestries;
Her form dripping of honey, sweet and golden,
Never mind the sting of bees.

A reflective cloth, satin smooth,
Woven from hypnotic threads of light;
One composed that no lad could be but smitten
Of such enchanting sight.

To sway the thoughts of men,
For the moon, a task so slight.
With trifle of disguise and quick of hand
To deceive as any sorceress might.

By such tricks
Oft are the paths of mortals thus revised,
And sadly... daughters spirited away
From before their mother's eyes.

Even the seas dare not resist 
This lucent sphere's devise;
Thus, upon maidenly shores each night
The tides dare not but rise.

Her precious little darling
Has emerged and taken flight.
The child's destiny sealed long before
By her own mother's portentous slight.

Wishing now to recant,
She gazes into a ghostly sky,
Little more to comfort
Than tears of saddened eye.

"Woe is me,"
She risks regretfully to sigh;
"I've given my only true love away...
With naught a word goodbye."

The father, elsewhere, long since gone,
To seek his separate destiny.
For the bargain had no stipulation
He remain her faithful mate eternally.

Thus, all gained of their affair
Is forever lost, or better said, set free.
The woman's debt now fully discharged
By this most precious and uncommon fee.

None would believe her ramblings,
Hence, many came to think her mad.
"Taken by the moon! Ha!
What fool's delight, how desperate and sad."

Such poor attempt to excuse this loss;
The fragile maiden once entrusted to her care.
A child now run away, no doubt,
Her fate at last she to dare.

And though she knows it not,
Her daughter has visited in midst of night.
Perhaps to stir her mother's dreams,
Perhaps to watch their flight.

Gliding through an unshuttered window,
Circling an uncluttered room,
There to find her mother, as once was she,
Hopelessly constrained of doom.

One should avoid promises
They intend not solemnly to keep.
Even those flares of passion dare incite,
However bold or deep.

As by such foolish jest
Many have come to error.
Unto desire's yoke, indentured,
Thus, all logic to impair.

Slain not by Cupid's arrow,
Then, left exposed unto despair.
Evermore in grief to languish,
Apt penance for what they dare.

Of their own accord, those so cursed, 
Each night in lieu of dreams, to weep;
Nor better the thought of such requite
When light of dawn next they to greet.

For love is not to trifle with,
And to the gods... a promise must you keep.
Thus, Remember always this tale of woe,
Or naught but lunacy your reward for such deceit.

Fantasy Games and Moth Tails are copyright; NO PORTION may be reproduced in any way or by any means what-so-ever without the author's express written permission.
