


The Children of Zion


Father Ascended



D.R. Hurley









D.R. Hurley

One


The sky weighed heavily from the press of a thousand darkened clouds, drifting silently across the great expanse. Their meandering presence stretched far across the Trian landscape, spanning the entire horizon and beyond the mountainous peaks surrounding the eastern realm. The once bright light of the morning’s rays had now receded mournfully into a dwindling gloom, filling the world with dread.
A solitary figure stood watching this oppressive force with mounting concern. A darkened sky was a sign that the vengeful sky god, Jakkaro, was displeased and focusing his wrathful gaze on Trian. A bad omen by all accounts. And one that must be observed with much caution.
But if the Timmetan monk standing at the foot of the mountain was troubled by such proceedings, he certainly did not show it. His wrinkled face remained a mask of stone beneath the heavy robes obscuring his hairless features.
Eventually, he removed his lingering gaze from the smouldering heavens and looked towards the flowing waters, several paces to his front.
The Ammos was the longest river in all of Trian and said to be one of the most treacherous. Its tumultuous path was birthed way beyond the confines of the Namolean Belt, far underground. Burrowing deep beneath the wall of impassable rock until it finally emerged inside of Slarr’s realm at the northern most point. From there it travelled south, splitting the land in two with its unbridled advance. The unstoppable torrent was only tempered when it briefly met the immovable mass of the Timmetan Spur, a gigantic wall of rock that jutted out for hundreds of leagues at the southern side of the Belt. It stayed the river’s temper long enough for it to skirt east across the remaining landscape until it was finally swallowed by the mountains again.
Here in this spot, at the foothills of Ramool, the water was shallowest of all, and trickled playfully over protruding rocks and clumps of stone in an unusually calm manner. The gentle sound filled the monk’s ears with welcomed gratitude. It was the sole reason he frequently left the sanctuary of the mountain temple, venturing down to this distant place to gaze upon the shingled banks.
The monk calmly kneeled on the ground and closed his aging eyes, drawing a large breath. He proceeded to hum quietly to himself while exhaling slowly in a bid to clear his mind. His breathing slowed to near standstill, and the gentle thump against his chest lessened as he began to meditate. The daily routine he imposed helped to reduce the eternal sting of his inflamed skin to a more tolerable level. A pain that ravaged his entire body and remained ever present, despite it being many years since his undertaking of the ritual.
The ancient chant progressed into a low rumble that buzzed warmly throughout his mind. Unconsciously, he pulled the lengthy mass of stone cubes hanging from his waist through clawed fingers, recognising the different symbols etched upon their surface. He pictured them clearly in his mind and became still as memories of his past flashed before him, halting the chant. The stones’ hidden meaning served as a constant reminder to his shame and the reason for his life of self-imposed exile.
He swallowed his dry mouth then let the cubes tumble from his fingers, casting the memories of his former life out of his mind. Now was not the time to remember that pain.
A long breath escaped his cracked lips as he resumed his meditation, content to let his thoughts slip back to that of the All Father, and how his own meagre contributions might one day help redeem himself in the eyes of his patron god.
‘In his name, we repent.’ he uttered.
The ancient words slipped freely from his mouth and caused a warm smile to break upon his long face. In all his years of servitude, Amros never once thought that he could truly atone for the blackened years of his misspent youth, and cleanse the wrong doings of his soul. For him and his master. But needless to say, this servant, who strives ever to do his lord’s bidding, will continue to endure. No matter what task, his heart will be purged so that one day he too can walk proudly through Slarr’s halls, and stand beside his lord’s almighty presence as a servant of free spirit. He believed this with all his heart and drew strength from it, using it to fuel his insatiable desire to succeeded. He would atone, of that there was no doubt. It was just a matter of time.
But unbeknownst to him, it would be upon this very riverbank where he would find his saviour.

*****

She arrived sometime later. Just after the fiery sun god, Belthor, had reached his zenith, cresting the mountains’ peaks. The body of a doe, half submerged and wrapped in tattered garbs, drifted silently into the welcoming shallows of the river Ammos. Her limp form clinging weakly to a leafy branch. Its bark scraped gently across the loose chippings of the river’s bed as it came to a halt, sending a gentle ripple to wash over the bank. 
Amros felt his large ears twitch as this new sound broke his concentration. His feline eyes opened slowly to see what had caused it, though his mind feared he already knew. A long breath of warm air escaped his lungs as the priest exhaled. The sadness in his chestnut eyes was plain to see.
Slarr’s breath, not another one, he thought grimly.
The monk closed his eyes once more and sighed, reluctant to cast his mind over another corpse, but knew he had no choice. There was, after all, always a chance that he might be proved wrong and clung to that ideal.
Grudgingly, he focused his mind and soon began to reach out with his conscious to probe the body for signs of life. A few moments later, his eyes snapped open as he gasped in amazement.
By the All Father’s hand. She yet lives!
In a heartbeat, he leapt to his feet and strode into the river, dragging the stranger from its icy grasp. Amros pulled the frozen body up onto the rocky bank and rolled it over to inspect her face, eyes wide with excitement, and scanned her features. She was young, barely come of age by his estimations, yet clad in the distinctive garbs of a warrior.
Another soldier? he mused.
Her broken form lay wracked with dozens of tiny wounds, and he could tell from her ragged breathing a fever consumed her. The doe’s brown fur was singed to blackened stumps in many places, the worst being around her eye. One side of her face was a ruined mass of burnt flesh and was clear that her eyesight stolen on that side. It was a miracle she was even alive.
He did not stop to consider the cause of her wounds. Whatever it was that had brought such pain was not his concern. Only that he must act now to save her. Slarr had brought this child to him. And he would obey.
He quickly formed the Protos rune with his overlapped hands and placed them on his forehead, muttering the ancient words of his order. A few moments later, Amros brought his palms down slowly, letting golden light escape from his fingers. The energy flowed over the doe’s body as his hands parted, moving across her length in opposite directions, and seeped into her fur. He was pleased to see his efforts rewarded, as he sensed her lifeforce grow a little bit stronger. Amros smiled, then proceeded to pick the youth up carefully, though grunted deeply from the effort.
His eyes looked into the darkening clouds and hoped his act of kindness would be met with dry passage back up to the temple. A slippery trail up to the top was the last thing he needed, but ultimately it was out of his hands. If Jakkarro sought to thwart him, then he would have to endure and thought no more of it, instead fixing his mind to the task ahead.
With his new charge firmly in his arms, the monk began to walk, carrying her beaten form up towards the sanctuary of the distant temple, high up in the mountains. The path ahead was long and arduous, but he wouldn’t be deterred. His ribbed tail hung proudly in the air as he strode, the ribbons of parchment bound to its length fluttered gracefully in the breeze.
As the path continued, Amros felt the growing strain of his aging muscles threaten to topple him, so he carefully channelled the smallest amounts of Keir into his tired limbs to renew their strength. Cautious not draw too much, so not to injure the doe. It was a technique employed solely by his order, and one of the many secrets the Timmetan faith guarded fiercely.
The morning was but a fleeting memory as the winding steps of the Ramool trail finally came into view, snaking lazily around the weathered bricks of the temple’s ancient foundations. The sight of it brought renewed determination into the monk’s weary mind. 
His brothers above must have sensed his arrival, for they took pause in their daily sermons and looked back to the monastery’s entrance with genuine concern. Watching in silence as their brother climbed the final steps up to the temple’s entrance with a still body in his arms.
Amros’s long robes caught high in the afternoon wind as he stepped onto the courtyard of his adopted home. His fellow monks detected there was still life in the doe and breathed words of rejoice in the All Father’s name, but the monk knew his work was far from over and gave himself no time to rest, even though it was frequently offered. His only focus was getting this one healed.
He strode past the gathering monks and made his way deep into the temple. There was much to do.

*****

For two days the monk remained hidden from the world. Confining himself to the peaceful sanctuary of his sparsely furnished quarters, and repeatedly denied the calls for aid his brothers and sisters would offer. This charge was his alone.
He nurtured the doe with a careful eye, tending to her wounds and providing the occasional sip of water and scraps of pickled Nevinroot; he never once left her side. His diligence would soon be rewarded.
On the third day her fever broke, and the doe found enough strength to open her remaining eye. It focused slowly on the metal brazier hanging from the ceiling and remained still. The gentle flames cast an amber glow over her unfamiliar surroundings, and the hooded figure siting close to her bunk.
His presence caused the young doe to flinch and sit up; an action which brought nothing but pain to her weakened body. She moaned woefully in response, clenching her teeth.
‘Rest easy child. You need not despair. You are in the company of friends. Try to still your troubled mind.’ the monk said softly, coming to her side. He carefully eased the startled doe back onto the bunk, noting the firmness of her heart thumping against her chest.
A strong soul indeed. No wonder she was able to survive the river’s temper.
He quietly stepped away and resumed his position on the stool, watching her patiently.
‘Who are you? How did I get here?’ she asked wearily, staring at the ceiling. Her voice dripped with fear despite its frailness.
The monk calmly pulled down his darkened hood to reveal a hairless head. His large ears twitched freely in the air, grateful of the exposure. ‘My name is Brother Amros. A humble monk of the Ramool temple. Please, try not to move too quickly. Your wounds are not yet fully healed and quite likely to break.’
The doe’s long face twisted in confusion and rolled to one side, studying the stranger’s wrinkled face. She noted the soreness of his enflamed skin and the shrivelled stumps that were once his whiskers. ‘The Ramool temple? You mean I’m on the Timmetan Spur?’ she asked quickly.
Amros smiled warmly to her question. ‘Yes, my child, that is correct. This sanctuary was built over a millennia ago and overlooks both the eastern and western plains of Trian.’
The doe shook her head as she listened, brow creased. ‘But that’s impossible. It can’t be? I fell in Altrad. Slarr’s breath, there must be some mistake?’
Now it was the monk’s turn to look surprised. ‘The All Father does not make mistakes, my child,’ said Amros smoothly, ‘you washed up here on our banks several days ago, clinging to a sunken branch. To have travelled all this way and survived is no accident. The All Father must indeed favour you.’
‘But it doesn’t make sense. I should be dead.’
‘You almost were. My brothers and sisters feared you would not survive your injuries. Just like the others. I too confess that for a time I thought they may indeed be right. But it would seem that mighty Slarr has sought to grant you life. I give praise to his kindness.’
Amros drew the sign of the brethren across his chest and bowed his head as the doe reached up to touch her bandaged face, carefully probing the place where her right eye should have been.
A flash of light exploded within her mind the moment she made contact. Memories of a recent battle came flooding back…

…she saw herself fighting with a Cowldonian General amidst the flames of a burning city. The terrible shriek of a pale demon filled her ears as it suddenly intervened, robbing her of victory.
The scattered images of a desperate battle came hurriedly to the fore. A fateful dance atop the burning rooftops which concluded in searing pain. A howling wind consumed her body for what seemed like an eternity until finally, she plunged into freezing darkness. But it was not the end.
Her final thoughts moved back to her uncle and the harrowing image of his broken body dying at her feet. The last traces of his life slipped painfully from existence as she held him close. His words echoing faintly. ‘Callus still lives…’

A surge of feelings welled up within the doe’s breast as the memory faded into nothing, leaving a bitter stain upon her heart. She fought back the urge to cry, but found herself doing so. A single line of moisture dampened her fur as the tears began to fall. ‘You should have cast me back into the river,’ she said bitterly, wiping herself dry, ‘it would have been a mercy to do so.’
Amros’s hairless face twisted in confusion, but the monk remained calm. He leaned forward and placed a reassuring paw on her shoulder, squeezing it gently. ‘That would not do. We have witnessed too much death here of late. To have one throw life away so carelessly brings great sorrow to my heart. You must rejoice.’
‘Rejoice! You don’t know the shame I have brought to my name. The dishonour I’ve done to my family!’ she wheezed. Her anger sapped what little strength she had left in her body.
Callus still lives…
The distant words came at her again, causing her to pause.
‘And what name is that, my child?’ the monk asked softly, but there was no response. Her eye was now closed and her breathing slow. Amros watched curiously as the doe began fumbling with her hands, drawing them close. She paused as her clawed fingers found the woven brass ring on her middle finger. Her mother’s ring. It brought a strange amount of comfort to her.
Still there.
She smiled faintly while clasping it tightly and felt the grasp of sleep pull at her with increasing vigour. ‘Nikita. My name is Nikita.’ she mumbled, causing the monk to frown. Amros leaned forward, keen to press the matter further, but it was too late. The doe had already slipped into darkness once again.

*****

Callus still lives…

On the fifth day, Nikita woke to the familiar setting of the stone room and the numbing pain that plagued her body. Her eye drifted lazily around the humble lodgings while she stirred her mind from a prolonged slumber and saw the hooded monk sitting peacefully on a wooden chair, reading from a book bound in faded leather. She wasn’t surprised at all to see him.
‘It would appear your order’s reputation for being diligent to those in your care is just.’ she said softly, pushing herself up slowly from the bunk to lean against the headboard. She groaned faintly throughout the motion.
Amros smiled warmly to see her wake, putting the book down, but quickly became filled with concern as she moved. ‘Please, you must not be in such a rush to leave.’ he cautioned, rising from his chair, but she waved him away.
‘I’ve slept long enough. It’s time for me to move.’ she said, trying to swing her legs off the bunk.
Her reaction seemed to heighten the monk’s anxiety. He began fussing her all the more, insisting that she rest further with bribes of water and that disgusting Nevinroot he kept feeding her.
‘I told you I’m fine,’ she snapped, ‘you know, there is such a thing as too much help!’
‘I’m sorry,’ the monk began, obviously flustered. ‘It’s just … I have waited for this moment for so many years. I can’t believe it is here.’ he said, trying to calm himself. His words caused her to frown.
‘What in Slarr’s name are you talking about?’ she asked.
Armos nodded apologetically and set the food down before returning to his chair, dragging it a little closer.
‘Forgive me. I must confess, this is not the first time we have met,’ he said, making her even more confused. He forced himself to contain his growing excitement before continuing. ‘Many years ago, I saw this meeting in a dream. Both you and I were sitting here talking as we are now. The entire room was draped in the shadow of the All Father’s presence and I knew, ever since then, that our lord had laid a mighty task before me. Though I’ve been blind to its purpose. Perhaps finally I might be able to decipher its meaning.’ he said, beaming with pride.
Callus still lives…
Nikita scoffed loudly at the lunacy of his statement. ‘It’s a coincidence, nothing more. The All Father doesn’t care for me. My life has little of worth.’
Amros frowned as the doe became still. ‘I think not, my child. You should take heart in our deity’s blessing. He is wise beyond all measure. Why else would he choose to save your life over so many others?’
Callus…
Again, the monk’s words brought confusion to her mind. ‘What do you mean, others?’ she asked curiously.
Amros straightened on his stool, his face became firm. ‘You were not the first to wash up at the foot of the mountain. Many have found their way to us of late. Though sadly, their spirits reside in the All Father’s halls.’ he said solemnly and bowed his head.
Nikita watched in silence as the monk traced the outline of an inverted seven across his chest with two clawed fingers. The All Father’s Mark, but she was clueless to its meaning.
‘How many others?’ she asked firmly, though fearful of his answer.
The monk raised his hands briefly and shook his head. ‘That is impossible for me to say, but it is indeed a worrying number. My brothers and sisters suspect a terrible calamity has befallen our nation and pray to Slarr for answers. But he does not answer.’
Nikita ground her teeth at the monk’s naivety, exposing her fangs. Did he seriously not know what was happening to them out there? To Trian?
Her long whiskers straightened as a growing anger seeped into her heart. ‘It’s because we’re at war, you fool!’ she snapped. ‘Our country is burning!’
The monk’s wrinkled face creased into a frown a second time. ‘At war? Are you sure of such things?’
‘Just look at me, Amros. Look at my face. It was the Cowldonians who did this to me. They’re slaughtering us!’
‘Please stay calm, you’re clearly distressed. Your mind is still weak from the fever.’ replied the monk, trying to reason with her. But the doe was having none of it and leapt off the bunk with a gasp.
‘I want to see the bodies! Tell me where they are!’ she demanded, staggering towards him.
‘No, no you cannot. I forbid it. You must rest.’ he pleaded, grasping her gently.
The doe snarled, resenting his touch. ‘I’m not one of your monks to command!’ she hissed, breaking free of his grip. She made for the door and threw back the latch before he could stop her.
Nikita entered a candle lit hall and halted as a gust of cool wind sailed down the passageway, rustling her brown fur. She decided to head into the breeze, hoping it would lead her outside, and limped away as quickly as she could. A sharp pain stabbed her chest the whole time she moved, causing her to clutch it tightly. But she pressed on with steeled willpower, stepping past the groups of curious onlookers. The sound of scurrying feet could be heard from behind. She knew the monk, Amros, was following but ignored his repeated pleas to return. She had to get outside.
Golden rays spilled over the ascending rows of stone steps at the end of the passage. An obstacle which proved the most challenging of all to negotiate, but was met with grim determination. She gasped anew as the exertion put unwelcomed stress upon her battered body, but eventually the enormous staircase parted to reveal a large courtyard, filled with dozens of praying monks. The doe squinted as the afternoon sun blinded her vison, but sniffed the air repeatedly, flashing her canines. Her acute senses detected the faintest smell of blood nestling in the air which she headed for immediately.
Nikita made her way upwind. The scent of death was leading her towards the eastern wall. Her clawed feet scrapped sharply off the weathered stone blocks as she painfully ascended yet more steps of the ancient temple.
Curse this infernal place for all its steps!
As she reached the summit of her path, the doe’s pace faltered. Her shaking hand cupped her mouth as she gasped in horror, and her ribbed tail fell limply to the floor at the sight of the mass graveyard.
Hundreds of Trian bodies could be seen littering the rocky fields surrounding the ancient temple, arranged in neat rows. Hooded monks walked peacefully among those still waiting to be buried, bearing jars of smouldering incense in a bid to reduce the smell. Their clawed hands drew Runes of Parting in the air as they went, blessing the unfortunate souls’ safe passage to Slarr’s halls. The pungent fumes melted gracefully into the air, but did little to remove the stench of decay.
A lone tear seeped into the brown fur of the doe’s face as her unprepared mind regarded the scene. There weren’t just soldiers here. Many of the dead were civilians, of which both young and old were present. The ghastly truth of the Empire’s handywork laid bare for all to see. She hated them all the more.
‘How could you not know?’ she breathed, resting her hands on the outer wall. Her fragile voice thick with emotion.
Amros moved slow, coming to stand a few paces behind. His clawed hands interlocked beneath his heavy robes as he spoke in a solemn voice. ‘We live in isolation, at the bottom of the world. Word scarcely travels up the mountain to find our ear.’
‘And that’s your excuse for not helping?’ snapped Nikita, suddenly becoming angry, but also lightheaded.
Amros’s long face remained devoid of emotion. ‘We never perceived that Trian was in danger.’ he said honestly, but the doe’s face hardened.
‘What else could have caused this destruction?’ she hissed, clutching her chest as a coughing fit robbed her of speech.
The monk’s face remained unreadable. ‘Perhaps, it is part of the All Father’s plan? To remind his children of the sins they so frequently embellish?’
Callus still lives…
The doe glared furiously at his words. ‘How can you say that? Those are innocent people down there. They’ve done nothing wrong. Except protecting their country. Trian is burning. It needs our help!’
‘And what exactly do you expect us to do?’
‘I expect you to fight!’
‘It is not our battle.’
Her lone eye widened at his response. How in Slarr’s name could he say that?
‘Of course it is! It’s everyone’s battle. Are you not part of this land? You can’t just sit back in ignorance, waiting for death to find you. You must help defend our nation-’
The doe broke into a bout of harsh coughing before she could finish, gripping her mouth tightly. A clawed hand reached out to the wall as a sudden wave of nausea swept through her, but she collapsed to the ground, leaving a smear of blood across the stone surface.
Amros came quickly to her side, but there was nothing he could do. The doe had already slipped into unconsciousness.



D.R. Hurley

Two


Captain Offidius rubbed a calloused hand through his mutton-chop beard as he surveyed the roll of crumpled parchment laid on his desk with a steely gaze. The silver bristles adorning his sun-browned face felt wiry against his skin and itched dreadfully, no thanks to the dryness of the air. He sat alone, inside the remains of what used to be a market trader’s shack, trying to digest the latest set of orders sent down from Command Headquarters, but was finding its contents particularly difficult to digest.
A faint wind blew in from a broken window and rolled across his desk, ruffling the darkened papers. The welcome breeze did little to improve the stench of smoke lingering in the air. The Captain snorted and secured the document with his hand while he continued to read.
The messenger raven which had brought him the orders squawked noisily from atop its wooden perch in the room’s corner, making him pause again. The blasted creature hadn’t stopped wailing since its arrival that morning and proved to be a terrible annoyance. Offidius threw the bird another strip of raw meat to still its irritable cry, then cast his eyes back to the parchment.
Tiny puffs of steam vented into the air as he drummed his mechanical fingers on the desk. A sharp whistle sounded shortly after, indicating the fuel cell had expired. The officer cursed his luck then removed the depleted canister located in his metal forearm, and cast it to the floor angrily. He replaced it with a spare cartridge sitting on his desk, then flexed his arm several times to ensure it functioned properly. The tiny servos in his fingers whirled quietly in response as he picked up the discarded papers and began anew.
He managed only a few moments before throwing them away, cursing himself a second time. It was no use. His aging mind seemed unwilling to cooperate.
Partially defeated, he sat for a time unmoving. His blue eyes stared blindly into the crackling fire just to his side. The dancing flames broke and flickered as the gusting wind scuttled down the chimney, and served only to remind him of the horrors of his most recent battle. Trian streets burning in the night, its people lay screaming in the wake of the Empire’s unstoppable advance. Butchering them all. It was a picture that sat ill with Offidius and his ideals of how proper soldiering should be conducted, and not for the first time. Ever since this damned campaign started, he had noticed numerous acts of violence that had sickened him to his core. Most notably of all, it was the persistent attack on this nation’s people that bothered him. Countless civilians had been hacked down in cold blood, regardless of age. No quarter given; no mercy spared. It was as if this army cared little about who they fought, just so long as there was death.
He groaned deeply and drew a hand down his face. This intolerable war was beginning to get the better of him, he must remain focused. Not just for the men, but for his own sanity. Enough was enough!
He reached for a draw and retrieved the bottle of honeyed wine he’d stashed there earlier, and proceeded to pour himself a large measure into a metal beaker. The golden liquid was surprisingly pleasing on the pallet, despite its Trian origin, and gently warmed his gullet with every sip. Offidius knew many-an-officer would have poured its contents into the gutter after learning its origins, but the grizzled Captain was not one to look a gift horse in the mouth. Especially in times of war.
He leaned back in his chair and sighed deeply, rubbing the bridge of his nose. Obviously, his darkening mood was linked to his recent redeployment to the campaign’s rear. A blatant insult meant to ridicule his position as one of the army’s senior officers. To be removed from the frontline and charged with maintaining the rear echelon was infuriating, not to mention degrading.
The recent attack on the Trian capital of Altrad had barely concluded when he received the bad news. His illustrious commander seemed to take great pleasure in redeploying him. With Offidius’s level head gone, the General would have nobody around to question his motives. Who knew what barbarity he would unleash? It was a thought he found deeply unsettling.
Damn that accursed fool of a man, Zion!
He scoffed at the notion then drained his cup, accidently crushing the thing between his metal fingers. The momentary lapse in concentration brought further agitation to his troubled mind as the image of his former colleague, Captain Parmen, flashed before him.
Offidius ground his teeth as he recalled how the youth’s arrogant sneer fell on him with glee as the General relayed his new assignment. The fool had clearly relished his demise, and probably thought he could wriggle his way in as the General’s right-hand man.
The snivelling cur!
He tossed the ruined beaker into the crackling fire, just before a firm knock came to his door, bringing his mind back to the present. ‘Yes, what is it?’ he grumbled sourly.
A young sergeant quietly entered the room and brought a clenched fist to his chest in salute, which Offidius returned.
‘You wish to see me, sir?’ the youth replied assiduously.
Offidius cleared his throat before speaking. ‘Ah Yes, Korman, thank you for coming. Please take a seat.’ he said, gesturing to the bale of straw before his desk. He would make a point of finding something more appropriate later.
The soldier nodded curtly then did as he was asked, sitting nervously before his commanding officer. Offidius was more than aware of his men’s growing apprehension towards him of late, probably spurred on from his deteriorating mood, and made obvious attempts to stay out of the giant man’s way. It saddened him to think his own personal feelings should affect his role as a professional soldier and made a silent oath to rectify the matter.
‘Has there been any report of Trian activity lately?’ he asked calmly, hoping to ease the man’s unease.
The sergeant shook his head briskly. ‘No, sir. The lands beyond Hythrall appear clear. As yet, no sign of enemy activity has been reported, but the watch maintains a constant vigil. If anything does happen, we will know.’
Offidius nodded to himself and grunted. It seemed to have worked. The sergeant’s rigid form had already become a little softer. Perhaps he could settle him a little further before getting to the heart of the rather delicate matter at hand.
‘And how fare the men?’ he asked carefully, weighing the man’s response.
However, this time the sergeant wasn’t quite so quick to respond, and took a moment to consider his answer. ‘Spirits remain high.’ he replied, unconvincingly.
Offidius eyed the man coolly for a moment, detecting the lie in his voice.
‘Are you sure, Sergeant?’ he pried.
Careful, you don’t want to push him away. he thought to himself.
The soldier shifted uncomfortably on his seat, breaking eye contact several times while speaking. ‘Why yes, of course it is, sir. Why wouldn’t it be?’
Offidius rubbed the silver bristles of his mutton-chops for several moments as he thought.
Maybe I should just call him out?
At last he leaned forward. The soft tissue around his eyes hardened as he fixed them on the man. ‘Because there have been many rumours floating around here lately that I can’t ignore. Talk of mutiny and desertion. And even questioning our right to be here.’ he said, keeping his voice low.
‘I’m not sure I follow, sir.’
‘Oh please, Korman, I’m not a fool. Speak to me. I must know what’s going on. I assure you nothing said will leave this room.’
The sergeant looked nervously around the ransacked space and swallowed his dry mouth. ‘All soldier’s grumble, sir. It’s part of the job.’ he said with a shrug.
Offidius nodded slowly. The ghost of a smile creased his lips.
Stop playing with him and just say what you have to!
‘What if I told you that I too feel the same?’ he muttered.
The sergeant’s eyes widened at his commander’s response. ‘Sir?’
‘What if I told you, that our General is a fool.’
The sergeant scoffed. ‘I … don’t know what I would say … sir.’ he stuttered.
Offidius allowed his smile to broaden for several moments before falling. ‘Well it’s true. Believe me when I say, the reasons for this war are indeed questionable. Which is why I need to know who among us also shares a similar view, so we can move forward accordingly. Now, would you like to try again?’
Offidius calmly grabbed another beaker from the desk draw and poured himself a measure, offering it to the bemused sergeant, who declined after seeing the bottle’s label.
‘Most here agree the war is wrong, sir, and would like to see an end to it.’ said Korman, cautiously.
Offidius nodded slowly. ‘I too wish to see it cease,’ he said, taking a long sip of his drink. ‘But we must be cautious. We cannot speak too loudly of this. To voice such a thing risks insubordination and possibly treason. And we wouldn’t want that now, would we?’
‘No, sir,’ replied the sergeant. ‘So, what do you suggest, sir?’
A puff of vapor vented into the air as Offidius expertly scratched his beard with his metal hand. 
Damn this irritable heat.
‘I wish for you to do me a favour, Korman.’ he said, setting the beaker down. ‘Assemble all of the officers you can that feel the same as us and arrange a meeting, but I suggest you keep it quiet, understood?’
The man nodded. ‘Of course, sir. But to what end would that serve?’
A cunning smile broke upon the aging officer’s face, giving him a sinister appearance. ‘So that we may come together and bring an end to this war, once and for all.’
The young sergeant met his Captain’s unflinching eye and nodded anxiously in response. The enormity of what he was suggesting seemed to weigh heavily on him. He shuffled nervously on his seat, trying to judge the man’s offer. ‘When shall I arrange for it to happen?’ he said finally.
Offidius smiled warmly. ‘As soon as possible. For I fear time is moving against us.’
The young man’s eyes glazed as he thought for a moment. ‘I know a place. It’s somewhere we’ve used in the past to discuss …’ He paused after catching the Captain’s rising eyebrow. ‘Here, you’d better take this,’ he said quickly. ‘Just show it to the guard when you arrive.’
The sergeant tossed a silver coin onto the desk then quickly rose, hoping to leave.
He was met with the firm stare of Offidius, whose eyebrow raised further as the metal object rolled to a stop. ‘How will I know where to go?’ he asked sceptically.
‘I’ll contact you when it’s all been arranged.’ replied Korman. The sergeant then drove a clenched fist into his chest, hoping to end the discussion.
Offidius returned the gesture with a nod then picked up the coin as the young man left. He took a moment to study the thing. Carefully flipping it over with a metal finger. A deep line had been gouged into one side of its glittering surface which caused him to smile. It was the side that had the Emperor’s champion, Marcus Zion, stamped onto it.

D.R. Hurley

Three


Marcus watched silently as the pale being lifted another helpless Trian into the air with little more than a simple thought, marveling at its power. The black, gem-like eyes adorning its oval head betrayed no sign of emotion as the Ascended creature carefully flexed its incredible mind to kill the prisoner.
The soldier writhed pathetically as strands of an invisible force wrapped itself slowly around his struggling body and proceeded to crush the life out of him. A few moments later, the Trian’s thrashing tail went limp and the room became still.
Another prisoner was brought into the room. A young buck, gagged and chained, struggled weakly against the iron grip of his captors. His long face was filled with dread.
The creature waved its clawed hand dismissively as the next victim was thrown before it, discarding the still floating body. The young Trian gasped in fear as the lifeless form of his former colleague was thrown into the room’s corner, landing on a number of other mangled corpses.
‘How long must we endure this before you give in?’ said Marcus coldly, rubbing his temples. The room’s dull light had caused the milky orb of his right eye to glow a deep red, which picked out the ghastly features of the horrific scar trailing down his face.
‘I keep telling you, I don’t know where the High Council members are hiding. Why can’t you accept that?’ rasped Ambassador Callus, rolling his head towards the General’s rigid form. The man stood a short distance away from the weary Trian with his back to him. A single beam of golden light shone through the roof, illuminating his torso. Callus could tell from the man’s heightened breathing he was becoming more agitated. Perhaps he was even desperate to get hold of the sensitive information he so anxiously sought. But he would not give in.
The Ambassador slumped wearily against a stack of wooden barrels in the room’s center, which afforded him a front row seat of the endless executions. His eyes moved back to the stack of mangled bodies and wanted to weep.
The General scoffed at his stubbornness. ‘I’m not a fool, Trian! I know you’re lying to me!’ he barked, turning to face the Ambassador’s wheezing form. A resin lined shackle enclosed his only hand, preventing him from summoning that accursed Kier the Skritts were so fond of using. An essential tool he thought, especially since they had taken so many prisoners.
He nodded to the Ascended creature, and the grizzly process began anew.
The buck squealed in terror as he was lifted into the air, just like the others. It wasn’t long before he too began to splutter as his lifeforce was gradually crushed.
‘Please, General, give up this barbarity. I cannot give you what you seek!’ pleaded Callus.
Marcus ground his teeth. ‘Then perhaps you are useless to me after all. Should I lend you to the same fate?’ he said scornfully. His fake eye continued to blaze with fury in the dull light.
Callus removed his gaze from the man and cast it towards the doomed Trian, writhing in the air. He felt utter pity for his pain and breathed a silent prayer of forgiveness for not being able to help him.
Moments later, a scrape of metal caused the Ambassador to flinch as the General suddenly drew his sword, and in one swift movement, ran the buck through. A horrid screech filled the Ambassador’s ears as the youth died, followed by the sound of his warm blood trickling onto the dirt.
Callus lowered his head mournfully as the buck’s squirming ceased; his ribbed tail hung limply between his feet. He knew full well the youth’s blood was on his hands as much as Zion’s since he could have so easily given in. But he had not. Instead, he sat there quietly, content to watch the buck die – to watch them all die, so that he might protect the greater good. He would not betray his country.
Forgive me, Brother. May Slarr guide you to his halls.
Slowly, the pale creature cocked its hairless head in response to his, so called, master’s action, regarding him with chilling intensity. Marcus noted the tremor of movement running through its tentacle maw but said nothing more. He turned his thunderous wrath back towards the distraught Ambassador and strode across the room, dripping sword in hand. This Skritt’s stubbornness had plagued him long enough. It was time to end this façade. He gripped his blade tighter, knuckles whitening as he drew close. 
Callus looked up at the enraged man and saw death approach. The sadness in his eye was plain to see, through it was not birthed for his own demise. His failure to deny this man’s path of destruction was his to bear. He should have stopped the General in Thailen. Fought harder to subdue his ferocious appetite for revenge, instead of letting his own feelings get in the way. Callus suspected all along that the Cowldonian had taken a personal role in his nation’s destruction. After all, he knew they were both there on the day that it had happened, ten summers ago. Where it had all began. Why else would he be so intent on torturing him thus?
Marcus looked into the prisoner’s feline eyes as he stalked closer and saw no fear. Even after all this time, why wasn’t he afraid? Did the fool not know death when he saw it? The seething fires of his heart now consumed him with hatred as he finally lost control. His breath came in short, rapid bursts through clenched teeth. Crimson droplets fell to the ground as he brought his sword up, ready to deliver the killing blow. Now was the time to end this-
Wait! There is other work which demands our attention…
The shrill voice tore through Marcus’s mind with alarming effect, halting the strike that would have ended the Ambassador. He cast his bloodshot eyes towards the pale being that had commanded him and became fixated by its baleful glare. After several long moments, Marcus released a pent-up breath began to nod. ‘So be it,’ he muttered. The reluctance clear in his voice. ‘I guess we’re done with you for today. Guards! Take this wretched creature from my sight at once. Its presence sickens me.’
A pair of grizzled soldiers marched into the room and headed for the dazed Ambassador, stepping warily past the wraith-like creature, and the still floating corpse. They exchanged a troubled glance, clearly moved by the grisly scene but remained silent.
Callus groaned weakly as the two men hoisted him to his feet and dragged him away. His ribbed tail left a trail in the dirt as they hauled him back to his cell.
Once they were alone, the Ascended being turned towards the General, and spoke in his mind again.
You should let us take the information you seek from him. It would have been much easier than all of this, bloodshed…
Marcus scoffed, then wiped his dripping sword on a dead Trian’s robes before sheathing it. ‘I don’t want it to be easy for him,’ he snapped. ‘I want to watch his soul break, so I can feast upon his anguish-’
A harsh coughing fit suddenly overcame the General before he could finish. It lasted serval agonizing minutes before passing and left him doubled over, a callused hand pressed to his mouth.
Marcus became still as he looked warily at the tiny flecks of splattered blood coating his palm.  He quickly pulled a cloth from his tunic and wiped himself clean, trying not to catch the wraith-like being’s lingering gaze.
Your symptoms progress… the voice slithered.
Marcus cleared his throat. ‘It’s nothing. A minor aliment, that’s all. War takes its toll on us all.’
For most, yes, but not for you. We fear the truth lies much deeper than you know…
Marcus looked back at the creature. ‘What in Belthor’s name are you talking about?’ he growled.
The creature waved its clawed hand casually, casting the still floating Trian across the room before stepping closer. Marcus failed to hear the muffled slap of flesh upon flesh as the carcass landed on the pile of twisted bodies. His mind was instead focusing on the eerie voice echoing within his head.
You cannot hide from this. We see it within you. The blessed gift which has brought new life to us, is starting to take away yours. Already, it begins to feast upon your soul. Nibbling at the delicate strands of your existence. We warned you of this…
A clawed hand rose accusingly as it spoke, adding to his discomfort.
Marcus swallowed his dry throat. Slowly, he pulled back his sleeve, staring fearfully at the darkening veins throbbing on his wrist, and the paleness of his flesh. He stifled a shudder then returned his gaze.
‘You also said I would have more time,’ he snapped. ‘I must have more time so that I can finish this.’
The fight for the capital has weakened you beyond our estimates. You chose to overexert yourself. Pushed too hard. There is nothing we can do…
Marcus ground his teeth, but bit back a retort. He had certainly noticed a distinct lack of strength flowing within his body since the battle at Altrad, but presumed he was simply weary from that prolonged engagement.
His thoughts trailed back to the time when he had first taken the serum, forgoing his scientists’ fierce objections. To risk the life-threatening side effects of the experimental treatment was a necessary gamble he had to partake to ensure his aging body was fit for the campaign. To him, the tradeoff was justly proven. The minuscule drafts he had consumed prior to their deployment had shown remarkable improvement to his vitality. If only they could find a way for a mature body to accept the draft safely...
He clenched his fist defiantly and spat onto the ground. ‘I shall not let this detail stand in my way. Nothing will rob me of vengeance.’
The creature’s tentacle maw twitched as it looked down at the wad of blood-flecked saliva soaking into the dirt. It cast its black-jewel eyes back on the General and began to slowly pace around him.
Then you must move with haste to finish your work, it began. This pitiful charade in which you have indulged amounts to little more than a distraction. There are bigger things approaching that warrant your concern…
‘Such as?’
The Emperor of Cowldonia make his way to you…
Marcus’s eye widened. ‘Lucius? He is on his way here? Are you sure?’ he exclaimed, whirling to face his creation as it slipped from his vision.
Of course we are. He seeks to overthrow you. The bitterness in his heart runs deep after learning it was you, his life-long friend, who kidnapped his son…
Marcus felt his taut features slacken as he took in the news. ‘He knows the truth about our plot? How is that possible?’
The creature came full circle and halted, turning to face him.
It matters not how he knows. Only that he cannot interfere. The world is ripe for cleansing, and he alone has the strength to deny the gods’ plan…
‘That will never happen, I won’t allow it. We’re too committed now.’
‘Let us hope you can. His presence may turn your precious army against you. The men could flock to his banner, abandoning you to your demise in favor of redemption. So long as he breathes, your name will be marked in history as the man who betrayed his nation. The world will come hate you and learn to despise the name Zion forever after…
Marcus felt his breath increase and his pulse quicken. The thought of losing all he’d strived for was unbearable. His plans for vengeance would be ruined if he failed to destroy the Trians who’d taken his son’s life, ten summers ago. The Emperor’s coming was a like a barbed thorn aimed at his side, ready to burry itself deep unless swift action was taken. He never wanted his friend to get mixed up in all of this. At least, not completely. Orchestrating the Prince’s capture was upsetting, but a necessary evil. To risk his friend’s life was unbearable.
He swallowed his dry throat then turned to face the Ascended. ‘Don’t worry about the Emperor. I’ll take care of him personally.’ he said calmly, putting an end to the matter.
A ripple of movement stirred through the Ascended’s tentacle maw in response before it turned away, resuming its unsettling walk around him.
You need not concern yourself. The matter is in hand... it hissed.
Marcus stared confusedly at the thing. ‘What do you mean?’
Our brother lays hidden within his fleet. Poised. Waiting. Once the enemy arrives, he will make his move, and remove this … annoyance.
The response gave Marcus pause for concern as a new thought entered his conflicted mind.
‘Another Ascended is coming here?’ he gasped. ‘How is that possible? It should be in stasis back in Bangarrow along with the others?’
The path to cleansing lies in many directions. We had no choice but to act...
‘And defy my authority?’ he barked. The red eye glowed brighter as he spoke.
His outburst had no effect on the being’s demeaner. It continued to move slowly, clawed feet making no sound as it walked.
The decision is ours to enact as we see fit...
‘I think you forget your position in all of this. It is not from your desire how this plays out, but mine!’
The choice has been made. Our strength flows greatest when we are as one. We must prepare for the coming days…
Marcus tried to protest but found himself once again robbed of speech as another coughing fit took over. The creature’s tendrils twitched as it watched him struggle; black eyes revealing no emotion.
‘You dare act without my consent,’ he spluttered. ‘I am your master. Your fate is tied to me.’
Marcus ground his teeth angrily as the creature slipped back into the shadows. His glowing eye now blazed with fire. How dare it ignore him!
He lunged for it without thinking but managed only a few steps before a sea of chilling voices exploded within his mind. They spoke to him as one. A churning mass of painful screeches. The language was unrecognizable, but somehow its meaning made sense. It had a calming effect on him, despite the volume. He gripped his head as the noise continued to grow more enticing. The tantalizing sound swirled playfully within his head, caressing his anger. Soothing it. He began to feel tired.
Amongst the sea of voices, one came forth.
Foolish Hwethgar! Nothing, but the will of the gods can command us. It is folly to think otherwise…
‘But I must … be obeyed.’ replied Marcus in a sleepy voice. His hands fell to his sides.
You are a puppet. A tool to be wielded. Nothing more…
Marcus’s red eye began to fade as his anger softened. Its burning light dwindled into nothing as calmness returned. He felt himself become lost to the hissing words swirling around his head. As he continued to listen, more of them began to make sense, until the meaning was clear.
The Emperor … Remember the Emperor … You must be weary of him… He wants to destroy you…
Marcus pictured his friend clearly in his mind’s eye. No, not his friend. He was the enemy. After all, Lucius was the only man alive who had the power to supplant him and end his righteous quest. The men would quickly turn to his banner once he arrived. He would not only lose the war, but the chance to seek justice for Gideon’s loss. There was no other choice. He knew what must be done…
The voices stopped. Silence returned.
Marcus found himself standing alone in the darkened room. No trace of the Ascended being remained, but he sensed it was close. He wiped the last traces of blood from his lips, then clenched his fist.
‘Go back to the Ambassador. Take what you can. I want to know the location of the remaining councilors by night fall.’ he said to the shadows.
Yes, very good... came a reply.
‘And make sure the Trians are to blame for the Emperor’s death. I can’t have anything linking this to me.’
It will be done, Master...

D.R. Hurley

Four


The adopted conference chamber buzzed feverishly as dozens of panicked Trians worked tirelessly to collate every scrap of information regarding their depleted army. Forced to make do with the most unconventional of surroundings, the remaining High Council members had set up a temporary command point in the eastern mining settlement of Dantioc having recently fled the besieged capital, Altrad.
Weary messengers arrived daily, bearing news from the frontline. Most of which was already out of date since many had to travel by foot, often skirting for leagues around their true destination so not to arouse the enemy’s suspicion as to the whereabouts of command’s new location. As such, every piece gathered was meticulously scrutinized and discussed numerous times so that an effective strategy could be formulated to repulse the invaders.
All of them knew the situation was grim. The Cowldonian army occupied almost two-thirds of the country now and their numbers appeared limitless. A stark contrast indeed when compared to their own forces, who appeared broken and leaderless, especially after the loss of Councilor Rykun, the nation’s Master of War. It was becoming harder to see a way out. Some even exchanged hushed words in darkened corners that the war was now unwinnable.
Master Allious was not one of those who would give in to despair. The Resource Councilor believed firmly that they could still push back the tide of Imperial troops choking their lands and expel the so-called White Army from Trian soil. To him, the fight was far from over. His nation would unite and drive out the Imperial dogs once and for all. It was just a matter of time.
Working tirelessly at his new office, which comprised several planks of bowed timbre, thrown onto a couple of upturned minecarts, the councilor never gave up hope. He looked about his ragged surroundings and sighed. It was a far cry indeed from the polished slabs of sea-green marble and granite sculptures he was accustomed. Oh, how he missed his former residence in the Council Building.
This dust covered refinery in which they had chosen to setup in, despite his objections, was a most dreadful place indeed. Chunks of unrefined quartz littered the processing facility, along with numerous cutting tools and other equipment. Most of it dumped onto the floor by angered laborers, who had been ordered to stop working after it was declared Trian would immediately cease all exportation until the potential conflict in the west was resolved.
He glanced up from the stack of papers littering his desk as his ears detected the sound of scurrying feet heading his way and held his breath. His bloodshot eyes widened in anticipation as he was handed the latest batch of documented messages by an equally eager doe. News from the frontline had finally arrived. Perhaps this time it would provide a much-needed dose of optimism.
The sleeve of his burgundy robe fell back as he reached out to take them, hands twitching from a mixture of excitement and apprehension. His nut-brown eyes flashed over the document as he slowly rose, then cast his voice over the maelstrom of activity as he began to relay the latest update. ‘My fellow councilors. The mission to retake the capital has failed. Altrad remains lost to us.’ he announced with a pain-filed voice.
A sea of worried faces stared back at him as the room fell into silence. The news had dealt a savage blow to all those around, causing their whiskers to droop. Some gripped their tails tightly, exchanging panicked glances. Everybody knew the plan to retake the capital was a risky one. Yet to hear of its failure so soon was a bitter blow indeed. An air of dread shrouded the room as the enormity of the terrible news began to sink in. It was promptly broken by a discerning voice.
‘And what of our forces?’ asked Master Ezikios eagerly, coming to the fore. His blue robes assumed a deepest hue amidst the gentle glow of warm torch light. ‘Were there any survivors?’ His nose twitched frantically as he awaited a response, revealing glimpses of his large incisors.
Allious was slow to respond. His colleague’s appearance had always troubled him, partially due to those bulging eyes nestled amongst his sunken skin. The councilor had always been gaunt, but the stress of war had somehow left him painfully thin, to the point where Allious feared his bones would shatter if he were ever to fall.
He took a moment to scan the document, much to the distress of his colleague who looked on with bated breath, and eventually turned to Ezikios with heavy eyes. ‘Initial estimates report our forces have suffered significant loses, almost two thirds have perished.’ A collective gasp filled their ears; Ezikios being one of those who felt the air snatched from his lungs. The councilor forced himself to ask what he feared most.
‘And Laude Grattis? What of him?’
Allious sighed deeply before shaking his long face. ‘The report states he was last seen leading a squad into the city. It’s thought he was trying to buy his troops time to withdraw. I’m sorry, Ezikios. It’s quite likely he has fallen.’
The councilor’s heart sank to see the anguish consuming his colleague’s face. To hear of a loved-one’s loss was a terrible pain indeed, something which was becoming all too common of late. He instinctively reached out to grab Ezikios’s shoulder, squeezing it gently, but he was pushed away.
‘Don’t you dare touch me!’ Ezikios hissed. The sudden venom in his voice caused Allious to flinch. ‘This is all your fault. I warned you the counterattack would fail. We weren’t prepared enough to commit to a full-scale strike, but you insisted. Their blood is on your hands!’
The councilor stormed away, denying Allious the chance to defend himself. He made to follow but then paused when a new voice called out to him.
‘Now is not the time to point fingers. We need to know where our army is and how we can aid them.’ demanded Councilor Bulgar. The Master of Justice stood squarely with her long arms clasped behind her back, maintaining the stone-like demeanor she was so often criticized. Her orange robes hung low, almost to the ground and were edged with a thick band of white. Allious felt the full weight of the senior member fall on him as she commanded some sort of order. He removed his conflicted thoughts from Ezikios and returned to the document.
‘The report is … unclear,’ he began, trying to regain his composure. ‘Our scouts have spotted several pockets of resistance pinned around the capital, but we’re unable to provide aid due to the severity of the enemy’s presence. They’re on their own.’
A cool silence settled upon the gathered members as they exchanged nervous looks. The weight of two thousand souls parting by their hand was a heavy burden.
May Slarr have mercy on us- became the collective thought.
When it was clear nobody wished to speak, a familiar voice called out once more.
‘So that’s it then? We just sit back and condemn them to all to an early grave? Pray the All Father bids them safe passage to his halls?’ Master Ezikios retorted, raising his arms. The councilor’s long whiskers stood on end and his tail straightened as he was met with more silence. He pounded his fist onto a slab of rock and cursed aloud.
Allious watched the outburst with mixed emotions. His colleague was right, after all. How could they just sit back and abandon those still fighting on the frontline, giving their lives? But on the other hand, what choice did they have? What strength did Trian have left to give? Their army was all but spent and the scant remains they had left must be preserved if they were to survive. The forces they had gathered for the counterstrike had come from the south and eastern regions and consisted mostly of their reserves. Now all they had were a few battered handfuls of weary troops. Five hundred at most, if they included their injured. A foreboding situation indeed.
Allious closed his eyes and for reasons unknown, pictured the last images of his friend, Rykun, dashing out of the Council Chamber with sword raised.
Great Father, how could you let him be taken from us?
He clenched his teeth briefly then forced himself to focus. Now was not the time to wallow for those lost. ‘Right now, praying is the only thing we can do,’ he said calmly. ‘Truly I am sorry for your brother’s death, Ezikios, but we must be cautious. We cannot risk wasting the last of our resources in some futile attempt of rescue. For all we know they’ve already been overrun.’
Ezikios pound his fist again. ‘Curse of Tumarr, that’s not good enough, Allious! I will not sit here idle and abandon our people while there is still hope.’
‘Then what do you propose we do, councilor?’ replied Allious, interlocking his fingers.
Ezikios stepped closer, eyes seething. ‘Consolidate our forces. Send more scouts to scour the frontline. Anything but sit here like a flock of squabbling hens while the enemy slowly devours our country, piece by piece.’
‘You’re suggesting we deploy our reserves? To do that would leave us unprotected. Exposed, vulnerable-’
‘Rather that than simply abandon those who need us most. The ones who proudly gave their lives for us. For Trian!’ the councilor snarled, raising a clawed finger to Allious. ‘If Rykun were here, you know he would agree with me.’
Allious paused, his feline eyes quickly softened as more images of his former colleague flashed before him…

…he pictured the moment Rykun stood before them in the council chamber, grim faced yet full of purpose, and announced he would take to the burning streets while his colleagues were ushered away to the upper levels of the building. Allious’s heart swelled with guilt as he watched his friend leading the charge, before the chamber’s heavy doors slammed shut, sealing his fate.
A Knight class airship lay waiting on the roof. Normally, it was used to ferry the councilors back and forth from meetings. Now, it would ferry them to safety. Their Long Furs agreed to stay behind as troops dressed in grey smashed their way into the giant building, content to sell their lives in a bid to protect their charges.
Beads of pain-filled tears matted Allious’s fur as he and his companions took to the ash-choked skies. Bursts of green and red could be seen flashing amongst the smoke-filled streets as they sailed through the night. A nightmare of violence laid out before them. Glazed eyes looked down in horror as he and the other councilors watched their beloved city burn, its people lay unmoving in the crimson wrought streets while they fled to the east…

It was gone in a heartbeat.
Allious came back to the gloom-filled refinery. A dozen faces stared anxiously back at him. ‘Rykun is dead, councilor. We must do what we can to move forward without him.’ he said, forcing the words out of his dry mouth. However, his reasoning seemed only to anger his colleague further.
‘I know he’s dead. I also know that he would want us to attack, and not worry about protecting our own furs.’
‘That’s not what’s happening, and you know it!’
At that point, Councilor Bulger stepped forth with her arms raised to diffuse the mounting tension. Her orange robes swept wide as she walked. ‘Councilors please,’ she yelled, ‘all this bickering is getting us nowhere. Rykun’s loss is indeed a great tragedy and one that should never have happened, yet it did. Like so many others in this war, his light was extinguished before its time. I too feel a particular sadness for his demise, since I was one who stood by him during that terrible period involving his sister. But that doesn’t give reason for us to give in to despair. If we truly wish to honor the sacrifice he bestowed unto us then we must stay united.’
‘And look where that’s gotten us now,’ Ezikios countered. ‘Our forces lay scattered, leaderless, without direction. We must appoint another to resume the mantle of supreme commander of our armies. It cannot be delayed any longer.’
Bulgar sighed deeply and shook her long face. ‘You know we don’t have time to go through such a lengthy procedure. Rykun was our best. It’s up to us now to do what we can in his stead.’
‘What about Laude Saipex? Can’t she be appointed?’ asked Councilor Paskin, Master of Agriculture.
Bulgar shook her head. ‘Her whereabouts are still unknown. It’s possible she is trapped along with our forces in the west.’
‘Another reason why we should counter.’ muttered Ezikios, which didn’t go unnoticed to Bulgar. She fixed her amber eyes on him.
‘Councilor please, I don’t want to see our forces left to the mercy of Slarr’s will any more than you. But if this position is compromised and we fall, what hope does Trian have at defeating this foe? Allious is right. We cannot be reckless. Now, can we at least agree that the suggestion of launching a rescue mission is not in our best interests? No matter how much we want it.’
A series of murmurs began to fill the room as the councilors gradually raised their left hands in support.
‘Another operation so close to the capital would be unwise, especially with that army of airships still clogging our sky,’ said Paskin, raising her hand, ‘our forces would be destroyed before they even crossed the river Ammos.’
Ezkios scoffed. ‘We don’t know that. There are reports stating the fleet was spotted heading north several weeks ago. For all we know, they’ve gone beyond the Belt.’
‘Those reports are unconfirmed and therefore unreliable. We cannot rely on them and must assume the Imperial fleet is still active.’ added Bulgar quickly.
Ezikios ground his teeth but remained silent, reluctant to admit the councilor’s argument was true. He looked at the mass of bodies lined against him and snorted. A few breaths later, his blue robes flared as he quickly spun around and stormed away, cursing aloud. His ribbed tail thrashed swiftly as he left.
Bulgar sighed to see him so aggrieved but pushed the thought aside. They had to press on. ‘Councilor Paskin, has there been any word of the Vanari? Are the people rallying to our cause?’
Paskin turned to meet her. ‘Yes, but their progress is slow. The scant few Prefects we could afford to send out have found it difficult to send word back because of the increase in enemy activity.’
‘And what about beyond the Belt? Has there been any word concerning aid from the rest of the outside world? Has Hibernia responded to our calls for aid?’ Bulgar asked hopefully.
Allious shook his head. ‘I’m afraid not. The realm of snow is yet to come forth. I fear this war must be won by us alone. We cannot expect help from those beyond our lands.’
Bulgar nodded. Her eyes growing firm. ‘Then our only hope is to unite our people. The Vanari must be summoned. They are our final hope at defeating this foe. If the people do not rise, I fear Slarr’s halls are set to burst from a nation of souls.’


D.R. Hurley

Five


‘Can you believe what that thick-headed scoundrel is proposing to do now?’ cried the doe. Her clawed feet scraped loudly off the stone floor as she stalked briskly around the lavishly decorated room, matching the rhythm of her thrashing tail. ‘He’s going to take Thailen away from us again. Again! I mean, Slarr help us, he’s only just released it.’ The anger in her voice reached its climax as she slammed her hand into a narrow vase, knocking it to the floor with a screech.
‘Freya please, calm down. That’s nothing but hearsay. It has to be a mistake?’ a silver-furred buck replied, hoping to stem his sister’s anger. But his words did little to calm the fires of the doe’s seething heart.
‘Mistake? Mistake! Slarr’s breath there’s been a mistake alright. For me daring to think the Emperor of Cowldonia would actually keep his word. All Father, strike me down for my stupidity!’
‘But the treaty was signed but a week ago. What grounds could he even have to revise it?’
Freya scoffed loudly. ‘They claim funds have been palmed into the sweaty hands of the Borderland Lords. To sway them in our favour. Honestly, the man’s audacity is beyond limits!’
‘Well that’s preposterous,’ said the brother, ‘no one’s going to believe that.’
‘It’s already going through. A motion has been passed to annul the agreement.’
‘Then we demand an appeal, and meet with him immediately to prove these claims are false!’ the buck said, moving to her side.
‘It’s too late, Rykun. He’s played us for fools.’
Her brother gripped her tightly, fixing her with a stern gaze. ‘Not if we keep fighting. Send word to Hibernia. The Steward himself pledged support for our cause. He may do so again-’
‘It would do no good,’ countered Freya, pulling away. ‘Not anymore. It’s over. Besides, who’s to say Lord Ellious’s favour has not also been bought? No, the Cowl cannot be trusted, and neither can Hibernia. I should have realised that sooner-’ Freya paused as the scraping of tiny paws upon stone caught in her ears.
‘Momma, momma, what’s wrong? Tell me? I heard you and uncle shouting from the garden and came rushing over!’ a young voice squealed with concern.
Freya turned to see the little doe come scurrying through the kitchen, her young face wracked with concern. The moment those brown eyes locked onto hers, she felt her anger fall in an instant.
Freya kneeled down and took hold of her paws. A warm smile spread across her long face. ‘Nothing’s wrong, sweet cake. We’re all fine. Just a few silly things have risen up at work which I will correct soon enough.’
‘Are you talking about the Heist … Capsnil again?’
‘High Council, my dear,’ Freya corrected with a smile. Her daughter’s grasp of words had always brought a measure of joy to her. ‘And that’s not it. I can handle that bunch of stuffy old skitter toads!’ she said, drawing a giggle from the child.
‘Then who, momma?’
‘Oh, just some pompous son of Tumarr from way beyond the Belt. He thinks he can take something very precious away from us.’
‘Are you gonna let him do that?’ the child asked, causing her mother to hesitate.
Freya looked away from her daughter and found her brother’s eye’s staring back with interest. A long moment passed as she held his gaze. Eventually, she nodded then turned back to the child, a new confidence filled her soul. ‘Not as long as there’s breath in me...’


‘Do you understand what it means to become a member of this order, Nikita?’ asked Amros as the pair made their way through one of the temple’s many stone passageways.
The doe didn’t respond. Her mind instead focusing on the mass graveyard, strewn across the mountainside. The days since her discovery of that awful scene had been filed with countless hours of mourning, most belonging to her uncle, but also for the fallen. As time passed, her grief began to solidify into the most bitter hatred she had ever known.
I must find a way to get back into the fight. I owe it to those lost… to Callus…
The anger she felt within boiled furiously the more she thought about it. Partly because it was a cruel reminder of the enemy’s barbarism, but more so because she knew the ones who’d chosen to bury the dead cared little for vengeance. Were these monks not interested in the world around them?
Her teeth clenched along with her fists as she continued to limp along the draughty corridors. Her pain ever present. She wanted desperately to return to the fight. To stand for those now taken from this world. The hatred inside confirmed it was the right course of action.
Vengeance for the dead!
However, her mind was soon torn from that awful scene when the monk prompted her again.
‘Nikita, did you hear what I said?’
‘I’m … not sure,’ came a stuttered reply as she pushed her way through a large group of monks blocking her path. ‘Only that you employ worship of the All Father to an extreme level of belief. Some would even say fanatical.’ she said coolly.
Amros turned his hooded face to hers. ‘You think we are zealots?’ he asked curiously.
‘It’s what most consider, yes.’ Her remark drew several scathing looks from those around.
Amros felt his cheeks redden as the doe limped away, noting the sly grin on her face as she left. He chuckled nervously and gave a respectful nod to the mass of angry faces, clawed hand to chest as he bowed, before hurrying after her.
‘Though I am sure it may seem so to those outside, it could not be further from the truth,’ he said quietly. ‘All we seek here is to amend the troubles of our past, by serving the All Father’s will. In doing so, we not only clear his name but ours as well. As it has ever been written. In his name, we repent.’
Nikita scoffed. ‘If that’s true, then why haven’t you done anything about what’s going on out there? Why sit back and be content to let the world around you be destroyed?’
Amros’s brow creased into a nest of cracked wrinkles, enhancing his grotesque appearance. She chose not to hold his gaze and looked ahead.
Nothing but talk after all. I have to get out of here!
The doe hissed as a fresh wave of pain entered her body, but maintained her steady limp down the passage, grimacing. The sluggish response for her wounds to heal caused her no small amount of anguish. She assumed it was due to the woeful lack of sustenance the monks had provided. It was indeed a miracle she had survived this long without a proper meal. Another reason to be rid of these honourless creatures.
‘It matters not how you perceive us. You cannot deny the truth to which we uphold.’ the monk continued.
‘And what truth is that?’
‘That the All Father can still be saved, and one day return to his family.’
Nikita rolled her eyes, then looked at him sceptically. ‘And what makes you think that could ever happen?’ She clutched her chest as the pain intensified.
‘Oh, it’s quite simple really,’ Amros began, ‘a fragment of the All Father’s soul was cast into every one of his children at his passing, so that they may live on to carry out his work. If we can prove to the world that we truly have the strength to unmake the wrongs of our past, then we also prove that the All Father did indeed have the intention of seeking forgiveness.’
‘And you actually believe this?’ she asked, trying to ignore the burning sensation in her lungs.
Amros frowned. ‘Of course, we all do, and draw strength for it.’
‘I’m sure you do.’ Nikita muttered, before finally succumbing to her body’s desire for rest.
She leaned heavily against the cool wall panting; hand still pressed to her chest. It was then she noticed the glittering surface of her woven brass ring catching the warm light. The sight of it caused distant words to surface from the pools of her clouded mind.
Callus still lives…
Her pupils dilated as she listened to the words again. Her uncles words. Spoken before…
She blinked herself back into reality before the grisly memories appeared and cast her gaze around her surroundings.
The pair had stopped at the entrance to the central worshiping chamber where dozens of hooded monks knelt quietly before a huge bronze statue, dominating the room. Amros considered joining his brothers and sisters in their daily sermons but suspected the doe wouldn’t approve.
‘What exactly do you hope to achieve with all this marching?’ he asked as Nikita began swinging her arms through the air in a circular motion. ‘You’ve been wandering around our halls for days. I really don’t understand why you keep denying my advice to rest?’
The doe kept her eye forward as her mind answered. 
Callus still lives. Find him Nikita…
‘The time for rest has passed, Amros,’ she said through ragged breaths. ‘I need to train if I am to fight the Empire.’ The comment drew a wary gaze from the monk.
‘You still intend to go out there and commit violence?’ he asked.
‘My country needs me. The people need me. There’s nothing more to say.’ she said while thumbing the soft tissue around her new eyepatch. The garment birthed a most bothersome itch. Would she ever get used to it?
Amros sighed. ‘There are other ways to serve the greater good, my child. Vengeance will not help you.’ he said, placing a hand upon the length of stone cubes hanging from his waist. He glanced to his side and smiled, waiting for her response, to which there was none.
When he looked back, he noticed the doe was now focusing on a set of stone steps in the chamber’s corner which led to the western passageway. Something she did every time they had entered this place. A pang of concern edged into his soul to see her so interested in that path.
‘Where does that passage lead to?’ she asked curiously.
Amros felt his anxiety rise and hesitated before speaking. ‘Nowhere in particular.’ he said, unconvincingly.
‘Well it must lead somewhere?’ she pressed. Her interest grew after realising he was avoiding her eye. ‘Perhaps I might venture down it.’ The remark made the monk’s eyes widen.
His concerns quickly turned to panic as she suddenly made a beeline for the mysterious exit. He immediately strode after her.
‘I do not think that would be wise. There are other chambers to explore.’ he said, trying to block her path, but she wouldn’t be deterred.
‘Oh, and why’s that I wonder?’ she asked, glancing his way. There was a firmness to him now which the doe found most intriguing.
‘Its contents are of no concern to you,’ he said sharply, ‘it is a place reserved for those only those of this order.’
‘Then it must be pretty important if you don’t want me sniffing around.’ she said.
Amros finally leapt in front of her, forcing her stop. ‘Very. And now I think it’s time for you to go back to your room and rest. I sense the weariness within you growing. It is affecting your ability to see reason.’
‘Perhaps,’ she replied, as the monk gently took her arm and began leading her back.
They managed only a few steps before she cast him off and spun around. ‘But then again, it would be a shame not to experience everything this place has to offer, don’t you think?’ She limped purposely forward, ignoring the monk’s protests.
Amros snorted, but was quick to follow. ‘My child, that’s enough,’ he snapped. ‘You must desist in this quest of defiance at once!’
‘Keep your fur on, I only want a quick peek.’ she replied, increasing her pace. She was very close now, probably a hundred paces at most.
By now, the scene had attracted the attention of several other monks, who’d paused from their daily sermons to look upon the doe with obvious concern. Amros noted their troubled gazes and felt his own temper grow. A surge of emotions swelled up inside of him at the youth’s blatant lack of respect for his wishes which he struggled to contain.
Why must she be so difficult? Slarr help me! he thought grimly.
He strode to her side, eyes narrowing. ‘You overstep your place, Nikita. This is disrespectful of our wishes.’
‘Don’t be so grouchy. I promise I won’t touch anything.’
‘No, you must stop this now!’ he said, clasping her shoulder, but she shrugged him off.
‘What’s all the fuss about, I only want to look.’
‘I said no!’ he barked.
In a blur, the monk’s hand lashed out and grasped hold of the doe’s arm below the wrist, latching on firmly. No sooner had their skin touched a blinding light flared beneath his clawed fingers. Nikita felt her skin burn as a sharp bust of pain scorched her flesh in a matter of heartbeats. She leapt back with a yelp, the action causing no small amount of pain, and ripped her arm free. Her nose tingled from the stench of singed fur assaulting her nostrils.
‘What in Slarr’s name was that?’ she gasped, clutching her injured forearm. Her eye darted frantically between the monk and her wound.
‘I’m sorry, but you were beyond reasoning.’ said Amros, almost shamefully as the doe continued to stare at him aghast. A hand fell to his side, seeking the stone cubes while the other hastily drew the All Father’s mark across his chest.
‘You conducted Keir directly into my body through touch alone? That should be impossible!’
The monk allowed himself a grunt of satisfaction, letting the stones fall, then straightened his robes. ‘There is more to the All Father’s gift than you will ever know, my child.’ he said coolly.
‘Teach me to do this.’
‘I cannot.’ he said, shaking his head.
‘Why not?’
‘Because it is a lesson born only to those of my faith. For those bearing the discipline to wield it. Now come. There’s been enough theatrics for one day. I insist it is time for you to return and rest.’ he said firmly.
His demand was met with little resistance. The doe nodded gently, allowing herself to be escorted back to her room. Not a single word passed her lips as they went.

*****

‘Is the stew not to your tastes?’ asked Amros softly as he regarded the youth’s untouched bowl of steaming Nevinsoup. Her gaze had not shifted from the murky substance since he had given it to her. Content that she was to stare blindly while becoming lost to the distant words echoing within the depths of her troubled mind…

…Callus still lives. Rescue him from the clutches of the Empire and you will know the truth…

The words uttered from her uncle’s dying lips weighed heavily on her. She wanted to dismiss them but could not. Why was it so important for him to say that? She had to find out. She had to find him.
‘I can go to the kitchens and fetch you something else I you’d like-’
‘It’s fine.’ she said curtly, eye still not leaving the bowl.
The monk sighed gently then allowed himself a few moments to attend his own portion, choosing to sit on the opposite side of the wooden table. He began taking careful sips of the broth, savouring its bitter-sharp taste. In the time since the worshiping chamber, the youth had said next to nothing. Just the occasional grunt in agreement. Amros feared his woeful display of restraint had perhaps damaged the tender bonds of relationship he had formed with the child beyond repair, and silently cursed himself for allowing his emotions get the better of him. It was something the old him would have employed, and he had grown beyond such primitive displays of expression. He made a note to revise his error by reciting the XVII passage of Catastalticus as soon as possible.
‘I wish to join the order.’ announced Nikita suddenly, halting his movements.
Amros paused mid-sip, eyes flashing towards her in surprise. ‘I’m sorry,’ he said confused. ‘For a moment I thought you had said-’
‘I want to become a monk as soon as possible. Will you help me?’ she repeated, her voice filling with strength.
Amros looked at her sceptically for a time, trying to understand if it was true. ‘I … don’t understand,’ he said honestly. ‘I thought your intentions were to leave this place as soon as possible.’
‘They were.’
‘So, what’s changed your opinion?’
Callus…
‘I’ve had time to reconsider,’ she said firmly. ‘Is it a problem?’
The monk’s eyes widened at her abruptness and stuttered a response when pushed. ‘Well … of course, no. It would not. The temple would be delighted to have you added to the family.’
‘Then it is settled.’ she replied before returning to her bowl.
Amros watched as the doe began taking long sips of the steaming broth, noting the sudden change of her demeanour. It looked as if in those few moments a great burden had been removed for her shoulders and cast into the inky void of uncertainty cresting one’s mind. She relaxed noticeably, her once rigid form now slackened into one of normality as she continued to tuck into the broth.
‘Might I ask what it was exactly that swayed your decision?’ he said carefully as she finished the last few mouthfuls.
Nikita kept her eye planted on her empty bowl as she considered his words. ‘Let’s just say my mind has been opened. To the strength of redemption.’ A sly grin parted her long face which sat ill with him.
Amros understood more than most what it took for someone to forsake everything they knew on a whim and take up the vows, but he wasn’t quite sure whether or not to believe this stubborn child would change her mind to adopt a life of servitude in so little time. He wanted to believe her intentions were real, but there was something not quite right about all this. Perhaps he saw a little of him in her and put it down to his own past experiences. Old habits die hard it would seem.
She must have sensed his concerns for she looked up warily after he didn’t respond.
‘You don’t approve?’ she asked, trying to gauge him.
Amros hesitated. ‘Not at all. It is indeed a joyous day when one wishes to make the pledge.’
‘Then what is it?’ she asked, leaning a little closer.
The monk chose his next words carefully. ‘Forgive me. I suppose I am just a little concerned about your decision to take the oath and become one of us.’
‘And why should you be concerned? Do I not meet the criteria?’
‘It’s just, I can see plainly the doubt within your eye is vast, yet you wish to take our vows?’
‘I think I’m allowed to be a little bit nervous,’ she scoffed, ‘it’s not every day you give up all you know for a life of solitude.’
‘You’ve also made it clear that you don’t see eye-to-eye with our views.’
‘What difference does it make if I don’t fully agree with your beliefs? The fact I want to join should be reason enough for you to accept me.’ she said agitatedly.
Amros frowned. ‘It matters, because I am unsure of your true motives.’
‘And what is that supposed to mean?’
‘I just think you should take some time to consider. Life here comes with its own burdens. I would hate to see you renounce your faith, years down the line.’
‘If this place helps me to quell the burdens of my heart and see an end to my torment then I so wish it.’ she snapped.
The monk looked at her sadly. ‘Then I’m afraid your heart will never be at peace. Trust me, my child, that kind of pain never leaves.’ replied Amros, moving his hand to touch the length of cubes at his waist. He smiled warmly, but she refused his gaze, instead thumbing the brass ring on her finger as she stared blindly into the bowl. He saw the move and raised a hairless eyebrow.
‘Well if that’s true then why do you go on with all of … this? How can you live in peace knowing what you have done?’ she whispered.
The monk moved a little closer. ‘Because we are taught to become one with our sorrow, not to bury it. We use it as a beacon of hope during the long road to redemption.’
Nikita’s snout twitched as she grunted, clearly unmoved by his words. ‘That … won’t be enough for me.’
The monk smiled. ‘Through training, and prayer, I think it might. But I maintain my view. You must think this through. This is not a simple gesture you can throw away once you grow weary. It is a life decision. Once you head down this path, there is no turning from it. Everything you once knew would be forsaken.’
‘That wouldn’t be the first time.’ she muttered. Amros sighed, his eyes appeared to grow heavy.
‘Look, I appreciate what your trying to do but I won’t be deterred,’ said the doe, sensing his unrest. ‘My minds made up. And besides, I don’t have time to ponder.’ She scratched the patch of skin around her eyepatch and groaned. The cursed thing was dreadfully uncomfortable.
The monk narrowed his feline eyes. ‘Time is a boon bestowed upon all to enjoy.’ he quoted.
Nikita shook her head, the words lost on her. ‘Not for me. The Empire is destroying our lands. Who knows how long before they arrive here?’
‘Ah, and so finally there it is.’
‘Where what is?’
‘The true reason why you wish to commit.’
A long moment paused as he held her gaze. Nikita returned his questing eyes with a look of nonchalance. ‘Perhaps. What of it?’ she admitted in a dismissive tone.
‘Because my companions’ lives are not yours to wield in a bid to cleanse your desires.’
‘I don’t know what you’re talking about.’ she grunted, folding her arms and leaning back in her chair.
‘Oh, I think you do, my dear, and I must convey a warning to you. Those that come here looking for redemption care little for vengeance. Do not think we can provide you with both.’
Nikita held his gaze for a while.
But I do seek vengeance, she thought bitterly, clenching her fists. And this place is the key. I see that now!
Amros sighed deeply, fearing he had not made his point. ‘I know your heart mourns, Nikita. But trying to rally an army of monks to fight your cause will not bring him back.’
‘Unless Slarr will’s it?’ she said coyly. The taut skin above Amros’s eye raised disapprovingly.
The doe cleared her throat uncomfortably and rose from her seat, limping towards the room’s corner. She stayed there for a time unmoving. ‘I don’t need you to bring him back. I need your fighting abilities to stop the Empire.’
‘What makes you think we can provide you with that?’
‘Your little display earlier,’ she said bluntly, turning to face him. ‘I’ve never seen anybody harness Keir like that before. I need you to teach me.’
‘We are not warriors-’
‘But you can fight?’ she countered.
‘My child, it matters not. It will not come to pass. And besides, the decision is not mine to make. It belongs to the Elders only, and they will not simply step aside to allow a Marral to walk in and command their flock.’
The doe was unfamiliar with the term and looked at him curiously.
‘Forgive me,’ he said, understanding her confusion. ‘It is an ancient word, taken from the Slarr’s opus. It means, one who lives without cause.’
The doe scoffed. ‘And that’s how you perceive those outside these walls?’
‘It’s what most consider, yes.’ the monk replied dryly.
Nikita grunted. ‘But that’s exactly why I must become one of you. The strength of your order must be brought to bear against our foes. For the good of Trian.’
‘Your foes perhaps, but not ours. Have courage, my child. Slarr will show you the way. The All Father protects.’
The doe’s eye hardened as the monk drew an inverted seven across his chest and clenched her fists at his ignorance of the situation. ‘No, he doesn’t. Not from this,’ she snapped, ‘we must look to protect ourselves before it’s too late. Can’t you see what needs to be done?’
Amros held her gaze calmly. ‘My eyes have never been clearer.’
The doe huffed and walked away, shaking her head. ‘I bet your brothers in Bangarrow thought the same thing before their lives were taken.’ she muttered turning her back.
The monk’s large ears pricked at her words. ‘What folly do you speak of now?’ he asked, quizzically.
Nikita turned back in surprise. ‘Don’t tell me you haven’t heard?’
‘Heard about what?’
‘About the hanging.’
‘What hanging?’
‘The hanging. The one that started all of this chaos.’
‘My child, I have no idea what you are talking about.’ the monk said honestly.
Nikita frowned deeply, surely it wasn’t true? ‘A band of monks were traveling across Cowldonia in the spring.’
‘A common pilgrimage. But I fail to see the significance of such a-’
‘They were taken into custody at the Emperor’s request and accused of kidnaping his son.’
The monk scoffed at the lunacy of the statement. ‘Well that’s preposterous, not to mention absurd. The Emperor would never be so blind to think the disciples of Slarr would be able to lower ourselves to such base depravity-’
‘He put them to death, Amros.’ she cried. The statement shocked him to silence.
‘That’s a lie. It has to be!’ he said finally, shaking his hooded face.
‘He hung them naked in the street like a bunch of ragged hounds. Beaten and stripped of their dignity.’
‘That’s enough, Nikita.’ he said, feeling his anger rise.
‘They left them there for days, exposed to the elements.’
‘I said stop.’
‘It’s said their bodies still dangle in front of the crowds for their grim amusement.’
‘Father’s mercy, you go too far!’ he snapped, rising from his seat.
A faint smile broke the edges of her mouth to see him so enraged. ‘I’m only telling you the truth of what happened,’ she pressed, hoping he would finally understand. ‘The Emperor killed your brothers, and now he’s after Trian, slaughtering its people. You owe it to them to strike back.’
Amros’s eyes darted as he took in the magnitude of what she was saying and began to fumble with the string of blocks hanging at his waist. ‘Warden Pretoc led a band of followers on a pilgrimage to west, but that was many months ago. He has yet to return.’ he said quietly.
Nikita moved close and placed her paw onto his shoulder. ‘I’m sorry Amros, but I’m afraid he never will.’
The monk turned his chestnut eyes to meet hers. ‘If what you say is true, then we have lost a dear friend.’
‘And don’t you wish to see him avenged?’
Her words gave him paused to consider.
‘I … care not for vengeance. What happened to them is beyond my control.’ he said, trying to shut down the forbidden images of a life gone by.
‘What about their lives, Amros? What about their commitments? Don’t you think you owe it to them to rise up and claim justice for their untimely deaths?’
‘You speak of vengeance so lightly, but it is not Slarr’s way.’
‘Maybe it is. You just lack the faith to see it. Maybe, my coming here was intended. You said yourself the All Father sent me to you. Perhaps this is the reason why. To stand up and fight for those who have been lost unjustly. A new path of redemption by honouring those lost.’
The monk remained still as he digested her words, pulling the length of stones at his waist between clawed fingers. Eventually, his chestnut eyes locked onto hers. ‘If that truly is to be the way, then first let the All Father judge you worthy.’ he said darkly.
The doe smile broadened. ‘So, you’ll do it then?’ she asked eagerly.
Amros turned to her slowly, unwilling to believe what he was about to utter. ‘I shall make the arrangements.’


D.R. Hurley

Six


A stark cry of surprise rent the bitter air, followed by the heavy thud of a weary body crashing to the ground. It caused the party to stop and look back in surprise, desperately scanning for the source.
A lone figure, dusted and bruised, was already rising to his feet and brushing himself down when her emerald eyes found him. His youthful, yet rugged features looked raw from the fall, though she suspected it was likely due to his embarrassment. Her warm smile matched the fondness seeping from her eyes as she regarded him.
‘Still lost in your thoughts I see, eh Leos?’ Lyanna said mockingly to her friend as he rubbed the soreness from his knee.
Leos grunted in response, then continued to walk forward under the sound of crunching snow, ignoring her remark. The cool breeze racing down the mountain whipped up the tussled knots of his dark hair as he walked. ‘Why are we here again?’ he asked dryly, unable to meet her gaze. The man pulled his coat’s thick collar tighter around his face to stem the cold air and rubbed his gloved hands. The traveling clothes Lord Ellious had bequeathed prior to their departure had kept the worst of the frozen elements at bay, but were beginning to falter. He hated this land.
A tight smile split the young woman’s face as he passed her, still not meeting her eye. The Hibernian’s complexion had taken a deeper shade of blue in recent days, probably because of her extended exposure to the elements. Clearly, Leos still envied her ability to ignore the cold, but had kept it to himself. His discomfort seemed only to amuse her further, something which riled him all the more. It wasn’t her fault the keen senses a Medion provided would enable her to pick up his dour emotions. She shook her head disapprovingly.
‘You know why we’re here,’ she began, amusement plain in her voice. ‘We’re heading up to the place where the Ancient race dwell so that we can restore your memories.’
‘Supposed race!’ interjected Leos, not looking back. The man felt the strain in his calf muscles as the path’s incline increased once again, causing him to groan. ‘For all we know there’s nothing up there. Why don’t we just go back?’
The woman scoffed. ‘You don’t know anything. Which is precisely why we are here. So quit whining. There’s still a long ways to go, and I don’t want to spend the time listening to your endless grumbling.’
Leos felt his mood darken at her words, but held his tongue, gripping the strap of his weighty hiking bag a little tighter. He pressed on, muttering a series of curses into the wind as it continued its endless barge against him.
After two days climb, the group appeared no closer to their destination from when they had first set out, and the once cheery atmosphere their party entertained was already showing signs of collapse. But despite the terrible conditions they plodded on. Leos continued to nurse his growing disdain for the storm-ridden mountain silently, unbeknownst to his companion’s ever watchful eye. He looked up at the sky woefully, knowing that their path would take them through that powdered veil of ash-coloured cloud surrounding the mountain, and felt his positivity slip further away with every step. He grumbled quietly to himself.
‘I’m sure Argoed wouldn’t mind carrying you for a bit if you’re tired?’ said Lyanna with a smirk.
‘No thanks!’ grunted Leos. But the man’s reply was quickly followed by a deep growl issuing from behind.
What makes you think I wish to have the Cowldonian on my back during this hardship? countered Argoed. The snow lion’s noble voice echoed loudly inside the woman’s mind, bringing another devious smile to her face. Lyanna looked back at the hulking creature trudging quietly through the snow, and felt contempt. Like her, the beast was physically unaffected by the difficulties their hash surroundings imposed, but seemed no less defeated. Perhaps he too was starting to lose hope?
They marched on in silence. Much like they had done these past few days. The weather maintained its steady decline the higher they climbed, and the bitter wind blew ever harder. The frequent snow showers they’d so long endured became a constant threat, forcing their already dwindling pace to completely stop. After a few more days, the sky had all but disappeared behind the thick blanket of cloud. It blotted out all traces of the sun’s warmth and concealed the stars.
Leos found himself struggling more and more with the hostile environment. His body ached in a thousand places and the burn in his legs was a constant companion. Even breathing became difficult, due to the thinness of the air. The days became short, and the nights stretched painfully. Traveling in the dark became unfeasible, due to the freezing air, so their progress slowed again. Would they ever reach the summit?
‘Look, the trail leads into a cave. We can seek shelter from the storm!’ cried Lyanna during a particularly intense flurry.
Leos looked through the rose-coloured lenses of his hat keenly and saw an opening in the mountain not too far ahead. The sight of it brought a wave of hope into his weary mind, and for a moment he forgot the pain of his burning leg muscles. He ground his teeth defiantly and made for the cave’s entrance. One last determined push would see him through.
Eventually, they made it. Collapsing onto the hard ground in a tangled heap, Leos lay still, drawing ragged breaths of air into his lungs as he tried to recover. ‘I don’t know if I can keep this up.’ he wheezed, rolling onto his back. He pulled his goggles off and rubbed his sore eyes. His breath came in short gasps as he stared blindly into the rocky ceiling.
Lyanna looked at the man sadly while shaking out the clumps of snow from her huge crimson ponytail and forced out a smile. Her emerald eyes became wreathed in pity as she looked down to his unmoving form, sprawled across the dirt floor. His heaving chest began to slow as he gradually recovered. It wasn’t his fault he was struggling. It was hers. The mountain trail was no place for a Cowldonian to venture. Their bodies were simply not built for these extreme conditions.
Perhaps he won’t make it after all. she thought grimly.
She cast away such thoughts and focused on helping him, channelling her mind so that she could bring forth the Eyther. The sacred power bestowed to her race came easily in this harsh environment. She quickly formed a glowing orb between her tiny hands and let it float into the air. The sphere’s radiance bathed the cave in a wave of silver light, revealing nothing but bare rock.
‘Come on, Leos. Time is short. We have to keep moving.’ she said softly.
Leos slowly rocked his head from side to side as he lay on the ground. ‘What’s the point? We’ve been climbing for days. There’s nothing up here.’
‘We haven’t reached the summit yet. We must keep pushing.’ came her reply, much to his regret.
‘Nothing could survive up here. I bet this ancient race no longer exists. You said yourself they were dying. What’s to say they haven’t slipped into legend already?’
The woman looked at him sharply with hands on hips. ‘So that’s it then? You just want to give up and go back because it’s getting a little difficult?’
‘You know as well as I this whole escapade is a waste of time,’ he countered, ‘there’s nothing for us to find up here. It’s pointless.’
She considered his argument for a moment, suspecting there was more behind his veiled words than crude logic. ‘Are we still talking about the Volanti, or yourself?’ she asked carefully. The clouds of pulsing breath paused as the man caught his breath. 
Leos pushed himself up off the hard ground and looked at her wearily for several long moments, gauging her. When the time came to speak, the man found himself robbed of any comeback.
A deep growl echoed throughout the tunnel. He noticed the young woman’s eyes widen after it had passed, and could guess as to the reason why.
Perhaps the Cowldonian is right, Sulun? The Volanti have not been seen for an age. Maybe they have fallen into the pages of history?
Argoed’s noble voice rumbled softly inside the Hibernian’s mind. Lyanna looked over to the enormous creature, now sitting in front of the caves entrance, and scoffed. ‘I don’t believe I’m hearing this,’ she began. ‘even my Ennir is against me!’
Leos rose further; the makings of a sly grin crept onto his face. ‘Oh, so he agrees with me. Well, that’s comforting,’ he joked, getting awkwardly to his feet. He stepped passed the bemused woman, whose eyes bore deeply into his back, and placed himself next to the snow lion’s massive form. ‘Think we should mutiny?’ he whispered coyly.
Argoed’s large head turned to meet the man and nodded. A series of guttural vibrations issued from within his throat, which sounded like laughter. The display seemed only to aggravate Lyanna further.
‘Since when did you two become friends?’ she huffed. Her pert checks darkened noticeably.
‘I’m only saying that maybe we should consider our options. Maybe there’s another way we can do this?’ offered Leos, but woman seemed unconvinced and cocked her head slightly as if listening to some silent voice.
‘No, I think not. It’s more than that, isn’t it? Come on tell me.’ she said firmly.
Leos felt his anxiety rise as he realised she was reading his feelings and stuttered a reply. ‘I … don’t know what you mean. There’s nothing more to say-’
‘Don’t lie to me, Leos. I know there’s something bothering you. Come on, out with it. You can’t fool me.’ she insisted, but the man raised his hands in defence.
‘Nothing, really.’ he said, squirming uncomfortably under her inquisitive glare.
The woman’s eyes grew firmer still. ‘You’re afraid, aren’t you?’ she said suddenly, eyes widening.
Leos craned his head slowly in her direction. ‘What did you say?’
The Hibernian held her ground. ‘It all makes sense now. Your mind has become darker the closer we’ve gotten to the summit. Don’t think I haven’t noticed.’
‘And what exactly do you think I’m afraid of?’ he replied firmly.
Lyanna fixed him with her eyes before answering. ‘Yourself.’
The man held her gaze for a long while before looking away. ‘You’re wrong.’ he muttered, keeping his eyes low.
‘No, I’m not. I think after all this time, you don’t really want to know what happened on the day of the kidnapping. You’re afraid to discover the truth.’
‘That’s absurd, of course I’m not!’ he scoffed. ‘I’m more than ready to prove my innocence to the world. This whole thing is just one big misunderstanding.’
‘I don’t believe you mean that, Leos.’ she snapped. The bobbing orb of light shone brighter as her mood increased.
Leos paused for a moment as her words struck deep. His dark eyes narrowed as he studied her reaction. To him, it was she who was afraid. ‘Well, you used to believe in me. What’s changed?’ he said darkly.
‘Nothing has changed. At least not with me.’
‘So now I’m the one to blame?’
‘Look, I know you’re scared of what may come, but trust when I say, we can face it together.’
‘Perhaps you’re the one who’s afraid, Princess. Afraid there’s a killer traveling amongst your group-’
Enough bickering. It gets us nowhere! roared Argoed, driving his massive paws into the ground. The snow lion’s deep voice echoed strongly throughout the minds of both Lyanna and Leos, making them stop.
The startling sound of another being’s voice entering his head diffused the man’s anger in an instant. He kept his eyes locked on the beast for a long moment before stomping off.
Lyanna called after him. ‘You must remain strong, Leos. Your mind is the only chance we have of discovering the truth about the Prince’s kidnapping and preventing the war.’
‘For all we know the war has already started.’ he replied sternly. The woman’s emerald eyes glazed as she considered his words, it could be true after all. But his comment only steeled her resolve.
‘Then we must strive all the more to help those who are suffering. Stop any more loss of life.’
The man kept his eyes low. ‘Whatever you say, my lady,’ he replied coolly, ‘at least spare me a moment’s rest. My joints are frozen solid. I need to get some warmth back into them.’
As much as she hated it, Leos was right. Perhaps a short break would renew their depleted spirits.
‘Fine. Why don’t you get a fire going or something?’ she said.
Leos gave a mock bow in recognition and went to his pack.
The woman’s eyes looked back to her Ennir. The noble beast was now sitting calmly on his haunches, all previous trace of aggression now removed. She crossed her arms and fixed him with a baleful glare.
Me and you need to have another discussion about who you’re allowed to speak to…

*****

It took Leos quite some time to get a campfire going. A cool breeze sweeping through the cave hampered his progress, now that Argoed had moved from the entrance. It kept his temper enflamed. After numerous attempts, the Cowldonian managed to get one going none the less, depleting the remains of the kindling they had packed. He smiled triumphantly as the delicate flames began to spread over the scraps of wood and felt a small measure of calmness return.
Lyanna spent the time alone, checking over their remaining supplies. The once fine collection of items they had brought from Anthrea were now frightfully thin. Rations would have to be halved again if they wanted any chance of retuning.
She broke a stale bun in two and offered Leos a piece, which he reluctantly took. His dark eyes scarcely able to meet hers as he reached out. He tore a piece of the bread free and started to chew, then quickly retrieved a small cask of Hogsweed ale from his pack. Leos drew a hefty draught of the foul liquor to help ease the bread’s passing, balking at its taste. The ale was strong and left a pleasing warmth as it worked its way down, but its pungent aroma made his eyes water. He wondered how Lyanna could drink it so easily.
As they sat quietly amongst the fire’s amber glow, munching on the last remains of their food, Leos finally found the courage to speak up. ‘How much do you actually know about these Ancient people we’re seeking?’ he asked sardonically as the woman stared deeply into the fire.
‘Who? The Volanti?’ replied Lyanna, finding it difficult to break her gaze from the dancing flames.
‘That’s right. I think we should know more about them, since we’re risking our necks to find them.’ he said between mouthfuls of dry dough.
Lyanna’s gaze remained focused on the fire. Her large eyes fixed on the quivering flames as she replied in a hollow voice. ‘I’m not sure I can. I’ve never had the pleasure of meeting one.’
Leos almost choked. ‘This gets better and better.’ he muttered, shaking his head. His response broke her distraction.
‘What I can say is this,’ she said scowling. ‘the Volanti are said to be thousands of years old, the very oldest of all living creatures in this world. They are the very last link to the Tumarr family.’
‘Oh really? And how’s that even possible. Are they immortal or something?’
‘Of course. It’s said they were originally spawned from the flaming shards of their patron god, Russco, upon his death.’
‘And who’s he?’
The woman tutted. ‘Only the greatest firebird to have ever lived. The largest and most powerful. His magnificent form once dominated the sky, unmatched by any other. Only Ja’Mea and Ja’Mia, had the skill to tame the beast, as if such a beast could ever be classed as tamed. Often, they would be seen gliding through the sky on his back. His long tail blazing with fire, it left a streak in the air.’
‘You mean the Silver Maidens, right? The twin goddesses who became the moons you now worship?’
Lyanna smiled. She was surprised the man had actually remembered something.
‘After a thousand years of existence Rusco’s time had come. He launched himself high into the sky before igniting into a blaze of fire. His body burned in the sky for several days before finally exploding into a thousand shards.’
‘One for every year, right?’
‘Exactly. Each shard carried an essence of his soul and scattered far across the lands. The Maidens set the monumental task of retrieving those shards by themselves and eventually brought them to the summit of the highest peaks of the world so that they could grow in safety.’
‘So, I guess we have them to thank for bringing us up here?’ muttered Leos, but his companion failed to see the funny side. They ate the remainder of their meal in silence.

*****

Before he knew it, Leos found himself reunited with the familiar feeling of straining leg muscles and shortened breath as he stumbled through the cave’s frozen walls. Their brief moment of respite did little to ease his brooding mind or his aching bones, and the path’s steep ascent continued ever onwards.
For hours they walked silently, under the pale gloom of the floating sphere Lyanna had created from her petite hands. The orb bobbed silently above its master, illuminating the path ahead. Leos looked at the light curiously. The power of the Eyther was still a mystery to him, but he supposed it must not be all that different from the powers the Trians wielded, only far less destructive and more elemental.
His dark eyes drifted towards the woman’s great mane of crimson hair, bound into a heavy side ponytail, and recalled her words. Despite his previous denial, he had to admit that maybe she was right. Perhaps he wasn’t truly being honest with himself after all? A part of him was indeed apprehensive of unlocking his memories. What if he discovered something he couldn’t live with? Something truly awful he wanted to stay buried.
Eventually, the Hibernian’s voice dislodged him from his reverie as she began yelling excitedly.
‘Look. I can see sunlight ahead!’
Leos looked up and saw, to his surprise, a beam of golden light spilling into the cave a short distance away. ‘That can’t be right. The storm was still raging when we entered here. And why is it so bright?’ he said, studying the glow.
‘What does it matter? Light is still light. Come on, lets hurry.’
Leos called out to the woman as she ran forward, but it did little use. She disappeared into the golden rays with Argoed closely behind. He cursed her impetuousness and followed cautiously, knowing there was little else he could do. He had to shield his eyes from its brilliance.
It took several long moments for his vision to adjust, but he soon found himself standing on a stone plateau, sliced into the eternal rock of the mountain.
‘By the Maidens grace!’ uttered Lyanna, who was standing a short way ahead. 
The group looked on bewildered. Gone was the driving wind and freezing air. The falling snow was replaced by a calm serenity of a spring day. Warm rays of light rained down from the mighty sun god, Belthor, sitting proudly in the cloudless sky. The party could not believe the change.
Leos drew a welcomed breath into his lungs. The air was so pure, and plentiful. ‘How is this possible?’ he asked, turning his bemused expression to her.
Lyanna smiled and began to laugh, the joyous sound pleasing their ears. She raced toward the cliff’s edge and looked down. ‘Look at this.’ she said excitedly, pointing downwards.
Leos jogged over and was dumbstruck to see a blanket of white cloud stretching out in all directions like a sea of cotton. It drifted calmly across the world until it was lost over the horizon.
Lyanna laughed all the more. ‘You see, I knew it was true. The Volanti aren’t just a myth. This place has been blessed by the gods.’
Leos turned and looked up at the pillar of rock behind, gasping as he saw what looked like the summit. ‘I don’t believe it.’ he said amazedly. ‘We’ve actually done it.’
Lyanna turned to him, a broad smile etched upon her youthful face. ‘You ready to go and find your past?’


D.R. Hurley

Seven
 

‘Do you wish to serve in the All Father’s name?’
‘I do, until pain of death takes me from this world and back to him.’
‘Do you have the strength to devote your existence to him? Hence forth until his light has passed from you flesh?’
‘From my waking breath to eternal slumber, I will not waver.’
‘Do you accept the faults of your past, embrace the failure of your sins and seek to make amends in his name?’
‘I will stamp it across my heart and know he will ever be present.’
‘And will you burden yourself with the sins of our people, to help cleanse the wrong doings of your past, in the quest to seek redemption?’
Oh, so now they are our people? the doe thought spitefully. Funny how you’re able to lay that claim yet ignore the burden of the dead choking your lands…
‘I do,’ she said, forcing the words through her frustrated thoughts. ‘Their blindness shall be my guiding light through the darkest of times.’
‘Then stand forth, my child, and approach the fire. May the light of Hallas shine onto you from here onwards. Your journey into a new life begins now.’

Nikita drew a heavy breath and released it slowly, hoping to quell her rising nerves before obeying. The ceremony thus far had been a long and dreary affair, taking them well into the night, but at last it seemed they were drawing to the end. Her legs ached terribly from the hours of inactivity listening to the Elder monk’s endless drivel. She grimaced when she finally moved.
Dressed in the same heavy robes the rest of the assembled monks wore, Nikita walked slowly towards the crackling brazier, clasping the tattered remains of her Long Fur clothes tight to her chest. The monk’s words came muffled to her ears, thanks to the cloth buds pressed into them, but she understood him well enough. Amros had spent many hours reciting the lengthy ceremony to her in his private quarters, to the point where she knew the script perfectly. Though her familiarity did little to ease her anxiety. Perhaps this wasn’t the right course of action after all? Perhaps there was something she hadn’t thought of where she could still save Trian and not have to go through with this, barbarity?
She knew it wasn’t so. This was the only way left to her. She had to go through with her plan, for the good of Trian. There was no going back.
She continued to creep forward, resisting the urge to rub her stuffed ears and instead scratched around her eyepatch. The padded wads would stop the corrosive fluid of the pool from damaging her hearing. A necessary precaution, through frightfully uncomfortable. Her nose was equally protected. She must have looked like a child’s attempt at mummification, if only she could she how ridiculous she looked.
Her eye moved to the Elder. She didn’t recognise the ancient monk leading the ceremony and cared little for his name. His face was a sea of cracked wrinkles pressed into a mass of inflamed skin; whose ugliness was exasperated further by the warm grow of torchlight filling the room.  He looked impossibly old, not to mention frail, but in his eyes she could see a fierce determination beyond his years. Is this what future lay for her if she decided to go through with this? It was a worrying thought.
She recited the words of the next act over and over in her head, hoping they’d provide some measure of comfort. They didn’t.
 
…heed the first step and forsake the failure of your past, my child. Have courage to let go of all you once knew…

Nikita stepped cautiously towards the fire, but hesitated when the lead monk motioned for her to proceed. She looked at the small bundle of clothes in her hands longingly, surprised at the level of emotion they invoked. The bloodied rags should have meant nothing to her, but the thought of losing them brought pain and anguish. Why should it matter if they were destroyed?
The doe caught her breath as the image of her uncle flashed into her mind. She remembered it was he who had given her those robes, on the day she was anointed a Long Fur. A uniform she’d worn from thereafter, even on the day he was…
Nikita blinked the dream away and threw the bundle in, turning her gaze so not to watch the fire’s hunger ravage the garments. She drew a long breath then exhaled sharply before nodding, feeling her eye moisten. Maybe she wasn’t ready after all.
The light around her grew brighter as the fire continued to feast upon her past. She forced herself to look down, just in time to see the last traces of fibre shrivel into nothing. The light faded into a gentle glow once more. Nikita sighed deeply, then focused on the next part of the ceremony.

…the second step requires you to start from within. Drink the light of Slarr’s cleansing. Let its touch seep into your soul and prepare the way ahead…

She turned her back from the smouldering brazier and looked forward, nodding to the withered Timmetan Elder she was ready to proceed. The ancient monk raised his cracked hands and another monk stepped forward, carrying a steaming goblet. Nikita watched silently as the hooded figure moved towards her, feeling her caution rise.
He stopped a pace or so in front of her, eyes heavy, wrinkled face devoid of any emotion, and extended the broth. Nikita swallowed her dry throat and took hold of the thing. It was much heavier than she’d guessed.
She raised it above her head and spoke the sacred words. ‘May his light purge the darkness consuming my soul and pave the way for redemption.’
Nikita brought the goblet to her lips and drunk deeply. Her ribbed tail straightened. The liquor was painfully hot. Almost to the point where she could not swallow. It burned her throat as it went down, moving with such warmth and ferocity she could feel it traveling within. Heat spread across her chest, stomach, then lower back.
She handed back the goblet and watched the monk move away, noting the strange buzzing in her head. The liquid’s effect on her was instant and left her lightheaded. Her teeth tingled as the residue stung her gums, much like if she’d have sucked on a lump of raw Nevinroot. Maybe it was part of the concoction?
She nodded once again to the Elder, bleary eyed, and readied herself for the most demanding task of all.

…embrace the final step and renounce the touch of sin smothering your flesh. Bath in his magnificence and rise anew with your soul purged…

The monk extended his clawed hand, exposing a mass of tattooed words covering his forearm. Nikita made a conscious effort not to stare at the sacred text, choosing instead to track his fingers as they moved towards the pit of bubbling fluid, dominating the room’s centre.
So far, she had resisted the urge to stare into that infernal torture, but could not hold it off any longer. Her lone eye widened at the sight of what would be the most testing part of the proceedings.
Icons depicting Slarr’s mark were cast either side a set of stone steps, which descended into the froth. A thick cloud of swirling vapour clung tightly to the fluid’s surface, making it difficult to see its depth. She could make out a string of burning candles lining the pit, along with dozens of rustling parchment, no doubt scrawled with the hallowed words taken from Slarr’s opus.
The pool emitted a strange yellow glow, giving it an ominous appearance.  Her stomach twisted at the thought of stepping into that filth, yet the path of cleansing required her to take such an unprecedented action. The taint of corruption must be purged completely from her body, something only the pool could offer, at a cost of her fur. It was the final step in becoming a member of the sacred order. A test of true faith, and commitment to the All Father.
A clawed foot stepped closer to the edge. How had she gotten so close already?
The swirling cloud of yellow vapour continued to hang menacingly over the pool as she edged closer. She held off the desire to gag as it brushed her nose. The fumes were strong, despite the wadding. It stung her throat and eye in equal measure. What in Slarr’s name was that murk?
She glanced up at the brass orbs chained to the ceiling, each of them releasing their own streams of grey smoke. The incense did nothing to obscure the rank odour assaulting her senses. She saw little point of their being. But it did remind her of the times when her uncle used to burn similar fragrances, on the rare occasions he was released from the High Council…
‘Step into the pool and be reborn with his spirit.’ the Elder monk said solemnly, bringing her mind back to the moment.
Brother Amros moved close and removed her robe without speaking. His feline eyes stayed far from hers and he never spoke. Nikita remembered the final set of instructions he gave her, the most unnerving of all.

…one deep breath and keep your mind focused. Your eye must remain shut, lest you become totally blinded. Embrace the pain, as you embrace the All Father, and have courage. He will guide you through the hardship…

Nikita grabbed hold of her ribbed tail, drawing it tight across her naked body. Her head was buzzing wildly now, and her skin tingled from the drugs coursing through her body. It took all her strength not to topple over.
I must be crazy!
She drew a long breath and stepped in.
Instantly, she felt a searing heat burn her paws and hissed. Her long face twisted in pain, revealing her fangs, but she didn’t panic. Did not falter. This was her penance.
Her uncle’s face came back to her once again. This time he was lying in a courtyard, the last of his lifeforce slipping quietly from his body. She clung hard to the image. Cemented it in her mind as she descended further into the broth. It was up to her knees now. The searing pain raged terribly across her skin as her fur melted into nothing, but she kept on regardless. The image of her uncle steeled her resolve. She owed it to him.
Her knuckles whitened as she gripped her tail. Her teeth clenched. The fluid’s surface boiled frantically as the acid continued to eat away at her fur, now passing over her stomach. She must be quick. A few more steps would bring her to the bottom and then it would be over. The exposed flesh of her feet fell onto the flat surface beneath. So close now.
Nikita carefully sat down and let the thick fluid rise up to her chest. Her breath came in short, ragged gasps as the pain intensified. The drugs had numbed her body to the full extent of the trauma she was suffering and was grateful for it. Perhaps she should have drank more?
In one swift movement, Nikita forced as much air into her lungs for the final time then lay back, disappearing under the yellow fluid.


D.R. Hurley

Eight


The sound of breaking earth beneath polished boots filled the veteran officer’s ears as he walked quietly towards the abandoned barn, sited just inside the northern limits of Hythrall’s farming district. Marred with the scars of the recent battle, Offidius scanned the large structure cautiously as he drew close, noting the numerous strands of amber light escaping into the night.
So much for secrecy. he thought, grunting to himself.
He was told the building had been chosen for its secluded location. A place for those to speak freely without alerting those still loyal to the General’s plan about a potential mutiny. A good job it was too, considering the organisers rather poor attempt at concealing the gathering. He could hear the hushed voices carry from that place over a league away. Was this really the kind of group he wanted to get involved with? Sloppy, careless. He would have to whip them into some sort of order if they were to be successful in this dangerous affair and avoid discovery. He was taking an enormous risk.
He took a few moments to scan his surroundings before moving on. Hopefully the garrison wouldn’t notice a few soldiers slipping off into the night. Himself included. The world around him was still, which went a small way to settling his concerns. He decided it best not to linger any more, for fear of being late. Hamiya knows what they would think of him then.
His senses brought him towards the barn’s rear, where he was greeted by a particularly shady looking man. Offidius quickly noted his grey tunic was untucked, and several buttons were not fastened. A day’s worth of growth adorned his tanned skin. He resisted the urge to reprimand the soldier for his appearance and instead fixed him with a hard glare. The man’s dark eyes widened at the sight of him and shifted uncomfortably.
‘Easy lad. You’ve nothing to fear,’ Offidius said calmly, producing the scratched coin from his tunic pocket. ‘I’m here for Korman. You know where he is?’
The man was hesitant to acknowledge, but eventually threw his shaved head towards the door. Offidius, grunted then went inside.
Pulling open the battered door, the officer stepped cautiously into a candle lite room and was immediately taken by the sheer number of assembled bodies gathered inside. There were so many. Much more than he’d dare guess. Row upon row of battle-weary faces sat before him under a veil of shadow, broken by the warm light of an occasional candle. Those not sat on logs stood huddled in the barn’s darkened corners, firing unscrupulous looks his way before muttering to themselves. His blue eyes widened at the sight of them.
Breath of the Mother! Half the camp is here?
He quickly picked out Sergeant Korman, standing on a straw laden mezzanine at the far side of the room. He was peeking through the cracks of a shuttered window, careful not to let the light spill out. The youth must have sensed his superior’s arrival, for he quickly locked eyes with him and nodded. Korman cast another look outside before bolting the shutters tight, then bent down to speak in another man’s ear. The soldier left without a word and made his way quickly towards the door Offidius had just entered, pausing only to nod his respects to the veteran before slipping outside. A few moments later, Korman came before him.
‘It’s good to see you here, sir. I think we should begin.’ he muttered. Offidius grunted softly in response then turned to face the group as Korman got their attention, before taking a seat on a sandy coloured haybale, just to the officer’s left.
So many faces … How could I be so blind to their unrest? thought Offidius as he surveyed the group.
It took the man several long moments before he was ready to speak. Finally, a whiff of condensed steam escaped into the dark as he flexed his arm’s metal fingers into a fist and addressed the men.
‘I want to thank you all for taking this opportunity to meet with me tonight,’ he began in a somewhat shaky voice. ‘I’m well aware of the great risk you’ve all taken by doing so, and I want you all to know that you have nothing to fear. Whatever is said within these walls will remain a secret. You have my word.’ His promise did little to reassure the sea of nervous faces staring back at him.
Offidius cleared his throat awkwardly before continuing. ‘Now, it has come to my attention that a great many of you feel the Empire’s involvement here is somewhat questionable. Believe me when I say, I understand. The things we’ve done since leaving Cowldonia have gone way beyond what our Emperor originally intended, and I don’t hold anyone to blame. After all, we were all following orders, like good soldiers should. Now, I don’t know about you, but for me the answer is clear. This whole operation has been completely misguided for the sake of one man’s desire to seek vengeance.’
The sea of faces staring back murmured in agreement to his words. Heads began to nod in unison, while others turned to pass hushed comments to one-another. Offidius feared it might be difficult to gain their complete trust on the matter, but hoped his reputation for challenging authority would give him a good start.
A figure rose from the group. A Lieutenant, from the 13th regiment. Offidius recognised the man as Hawthorn. A good leader, filled with promise. He met the officer’s wary eyes with his own unflinching expression. The man spoke out.
‘I’m afraid this affair goes way beyond vengeance, Captain. Marcus Zion is quite mad. We all believe it.’
The men’s utterings grew noticeably louder at his comment.
Offidius’s eyebrow raised. ‘That is a serious allegation, Lieutenant. Not to mention dangerous. What makes you think that could be true?’
‘Because he’s brought us here on a lie, sir. And tricked the Emperor.’ said a nervous looking corporal who was quickly pulled down by those around him. 
Offidius’s brow creased at his words. ‘I’m sorry, son, but you’re going to have to be a little clearer. I don’t know what you mean?’
The Corporal shook off his comrades and continued. ‘Because Prince Alex is not in Trian, sir. He never was. The General himself admitted it.’
‘What in Tumarr’s name are you talking about?’ Offidius scoffed, but the corporal shook his head defiantly.
‘I swear by the Great Mother, it’s true. The General yelled it when he was fighting one of the Trian leaders.’
‘You must be mistaken man!’ exclaimed Offidius.
A haggard sergeant came to stand behind the Corporal, placing a reassuring hand on his shoulder.
‘Hammid speaks the truth, Offidius. I heard it also. The General took great pleasure in saying our Prince was safe, and how he “Played out his part so beautifully”. A Trian blade almost skewered me after I froze from the shock of it.’
More voices grunted in agreement. Offidius scratched his head with a calloused hand as the enormity of what was said set in. ‘Belthor’s teeth! Then all this bloodshed. All this death has been for nothing,’ he breathed. ‘But why would a man seek to cause such violence?’
‘You said it yourself, Captain. This is all about vengeance for his son,’ countered Korman, coming to his side. ‘That’s why we’re here. We hoped you of all people should be able to see it.’
Offidius paused as his mind was instantly thrust back to that fateful day in Thailen, so long ago…

…the forgotten image was hard to recall, but he pictured it well enough. Dragging Marcus away from the frontline with his remaining arm, while the man screamed for his son to follow. A wave of troops rushed forward to secure the injured General once they were clear.
Offidius turned his weary gaze from the wounded officer, looking back towards the battle. His face paled to see the same silver furred Trian who took his own arm, hack down Gideon in a merciless display before unconsciousness finally took him…

The officer’s wrinkled fingers began to probe the weathered plates of his mechanical arm as the memory receded. He released a pent-up breath before speaking, though his blue eyes remained unfocused on his surroundings. ‘So, the Prince was never taken? I can’t believe it. The man’s madness runs deeper than I thought.’
Sergeant Korman gripped his arm gently, drawing the man’s eyes to his. He spoke softly to Offidius, but his voice was edged with steel. ‘We must put an end to his reign, Captain. For all our sakes.’
Offidius scoffed, his face darkened instantly. ‘And do what? March up there with our swords raised, demanding he surrender his command! The General would destroy us in the name of treason.’
‘Our brothers will not take up arms against us.’
‘Yes, they will. Don’t you see? Don’t any of you see?’ he yelled, inviting the crowd to answer, though all were clueless, ‘If Marcus suspects a betrayal, he will simply tell his men we have turned traitor, and they will strike. They will have no choice. Especially if his demonic pets are involved.’
‘Then what do you propose we do?’ asked a dourer faced sergeant. ‘What else is left for us to move forward?’
Offidius met him with cold eyes. ‘There’s only one man who has the power to command those men. One person we can trust. We must get a message to Emperor Gildane at once. Make him come to us, and bring the General to heal.’
‘And how do you suggest we do that? It would take weeks for a rider to reach him.’ countered Lieutenant Hawthorn.
‘Carrier ravens could be sent out. We have numerous quantities back in the garrison. They can take a message to him. A document signed by all of us here that outlines the truth of his deception.’
‘Even if one does get through, it would take weeks for him to arrive. What if the Trians regroup?’ asked Hawthorn.
Offidius fixed him with a hard stare. ‘Then pray we are not overrun.’
The soldiers talked amongst the gloom, but agreed there was little else they could do. Help must come to them.


D.R. Hurley

Nine


The golden wheat fields and winding tracks of Cowldonia’s opulent countryside passed swiftly underneath the Emperor class airship as it made its way east with all speed. 
The Spirit of Cowldonia sailed through the cobalt sky at the head of countless other steam-powered vessels, each one bearing the fluttering colours of green and brown across their wooden hulls. Their combined mass cast a mighty shadow across the rolling landscape. Impressive though it was, it paled in comparison to the full might of forces the Empire could muster. Not that Lucius had noticed.
The aging man stood quietly on the bow of his personal warship with glazed eyes. His wrinkled hands clung tightly to the ship’s railing as he looked over his beloved country, but his troubled eyes failed to see the beauty below. His off-white uniform flapped wildly in the rushing wind, along with his stripped sash, but the man appeared frozen as thoughts of vengeance consumed his seething mind. The treachery of his friend, Marcus Zion, had cast a bitter blow against his soul. The man who had kidnapped his son.
How could I have been so blind? he thought angrily, grinding his teeth. His grip tightened on the railing. My son. In the capital all along? Marcus must have thought me a fool! 
In all the years they had spent together, Lucius never once thought his friend could be responsible for such a despicable act. And for what? To start war. Why in Tumarr’s name would he want to do that? It bewildered him to think what could have provoked the man’s irrational behavior.
His troubled thoughts were ripped back into reality as the ship’s flight officer called to him over the din of whirling rotors. Lucius looked up and cast his grey eyes towards the man, who was already striding over.
‘You sent for me, my lord?’ the officer said sternly, driving a clenched fist into his chest.
Lucius turned to him slowly. The sound of hissing steam could be heard venting into the world as his metal leg complied with the action. He regarded the portly man standing before him. His blushed face was lined with a damp beard and his mustard coloured overalls were marred with streaks of grease. His presence exhumed a stench of oil and sweat the wind could not dilute.
‘How long before we reach Trian?’ the Emperor asked flatly.
The engineer’s firm expression softened noticeably as he spoke. ‘If we maintain our present course, sire, we should arrive within four days. Perhaps less if old Jakkaro favors us and keeps the wind at our backs.’
Lucius shook his head. ‘That’s not good enough. We must arrive in Trian as soon as possible. Tell the pilot to increase speed.’
The officer paused as he considered his reply. ‘Sire, forgive me, but I don’t think that’s wise. We’ve been running her close to attack speed for several days now. The cooling system is struggling to maintain optimum temperature. If we subject the engines to a prolonged stint of pressure the bearings may seize. We cannot risk damaging the ship.’
Lucius raised an eyebrow. ‘This ship was built by the world’s finest engineers. I’m sure she can handle it.’
The officer shifted awkwardly on the spot. ‘I cannot push her anymore, sire. It’s too risky.’
‘Damnit man, I’m not saying this out of ignorance, don’t you understand? The people of Trian are in danger! Their lives are at stake! Gods or not, we must travel with all speed if we are to save them. Find a way to get us there faster.’
The man swallowed then nodded reluctantly, clearing his throat before speaking. ‘I will see what I can do, my lord.’ he said, unconvincingly.
He saluted once again before stepping away. Lucius kept his eyes on the man for a few moments before turning back to the railings. He knew he shouldn’t get angry. The man was only doing his job. It’s not his fault the entire army reserves have been called out of Cowldonia at such short notice to bring Marcus in.
Damn that Zion to the pits of Atholly! How many innocent souls will have died under my banner because of him?
He slammed his palm angrily onto the metal rail and cursed aloud. The stress was getting to him. How did it come to this?
He cast his mind back to the day when the Trian monks were executed in Bangarrow square. Memories of that fateful morning were surprisingly sketchy, as were his reasons for sending the White Army to Trian. It felt like a lifetime ago since he gave the command. Belthor knows what had made him so determined to strike the Trians down. He’d known in his heart Marcus’s plan to lay siege to Trian was the wrong course of action and had already decided to meet their demands. After all, politics be damned, his son’s life was worth more than a scrap of worthless land.
But in that moment upon the dias, where he stood before his people, something changed within him. A veil of darkness crept into his heart and began to spread, filling him with anger. As he looked towards the Trian monks he became swollen with hatred and desired only to inflict pain upon them. That was when he gave the order. To march upon Trian and take back what was his, through pain of death!
His wife, Helena, was shocked beyond reason at his thoughtless decision and refused to speak to him for several days after. By that time, the black fires of vengeance had completely diminished and left his heart painfully empty. Lucius was convinced he had befallen some evil trickery but was unable to prove it.
Riders were dispatched to intercept his forces, but as yet, none had returned. He couldn’t bear to think about all the devastation Marcus would have caused if he’d decided to attack Trian.
All the years I was deceived by him and his friendship. I was little more than a tool for him to wield.
A heavy thump of stomping feet broke his thoughts. Lucius’s grey eyes widened as the deck began to shake and the world suddenly fell into shadow. He looked up towards the round features of an ugly brute, towering over him and smiled.
The ogre snorted deeply before dropping to one knee with its head lowered. Lucius winced at the sound of splintering wood beneath his mass.
‘Lord-Boss. We arrive soon, no?’ rumbled Brutus, keeping his eyes low. A hiss of steam escaped the Emperor’s mechanical leg as he stepped forward. He placed a hand on the brute’s melon-sized shoulder and smiled again. Even kneeling, the ogre’s head was close to his own.
‘I’m afraid not. We’ve only just entered the outer regions of the Empire. It will be a little while yet.’ he replied calmly.
The ogre snorted sharply at his words but nodded acceptingly. Lucius could tell he was quite agitated.
‘I know you seek vengeance for your Boss’s life. Indeed it was a tragic loss. Inspector Baxi has done our nation an immense service. Not only did he find my son but also allowed you to bring him back to me.’
Brutus groaned deeply in response and turned his gaze towards the tiny medal pinned to his leather vest. A gift from the Emperor’s own personal collection. ‘Brutus nose it War-maker’s fault Boss dead. War-maker must pay for betray nation.’
‘And he will, of that I promise.’ said Lucius quickly. ‘I shall personally see him hang for his crimes against our country.’
The ogre smiled broadly then rose to his feet, satisfied with Lucius’s answer. He began to stomp away, but then stopped to give the Emperor an awkward looking bow. Lucius smiled, nodding in response, then watched the creature stomp away.
The day that brute burst into the palace with his trunk-like arms wrapped around Alex was one he’d never forget. His screaming wife shed tears of heartbreak to see him returned, but the joyous moment was quickly soiled as Brutus began to relay his outrageous tale of rescue. Lucius would never have believed the ogre’s garbled story of betrayal had the Prince not been there to confirm it.
He left shortly after, leaving his son in the arms of his mother, and commanded the ogre to take him back to the place where Alex was held. A platoon of dragoon guards escorted the pair as they began searching for the lost sewer entrance. Naturally, it took several painfully long hours for the brute to retrace his steps. His tiny brain appeared confused by the importance of his task and had trouble remembering the exact route he had taken. A delay which so easily could have been avoided had it been possible to read his mind. But an ogre’s brain is so primitive and childish, a Medion would never be able to make sense of its scrambled thoughts.
Eventually, he and his men did find the secret laboratory located underneath the capital and were shocked to find the horrific nature of its contents. The body of a District Inspector lay broken amidst a heap of bloodied papers. A large portion of his torso missing. And those children. Sealed within murk filled containers. There must have been dozens of them. Lucius ground his teeth as he tried to imagine the pain inflicted upon those poor souls. How could something so barbaric go unnoticed in his Empire?
Hamiya forever show pity on their misfortune.
Knowledge of their loss still weighed heavily upon his broken heart. He was ashamed to admit his impetuous decision to pull the children out of those awful tanks was the reason for their untimely death. But how could he have known the children’s bodies would not survive the extraction process? Or that they were completely dependent on the nourishing properties that rank fluid they were submersed in provided. All of them died a short time after. The cacophony of death screams still echoed hideously within his mind.
At least now they might find peace in eternal slumber.
Lucius couldn’t wait for the riders to return. He had to act now. He immediately dispatched the remains of his army to bring in the renegade General and prayed they would arrive before too much blood had been shed.
Oddly enough, the ogre had become so distraught by the whole affair he demanded to stay by Lucius’s side until the man responsible for his Boss’s death was brought to heel. A most unusual notion indeed. Lucius knew that it wasn’t uncommon for ogres to remain fiercely loyal to their superiors once befriended. This Baxi must have been quite the leader for it to want vengeance. If it wasn’t for the brute returning his son, Lucius would have never indulged it. The stench alone was quite nauseating. But if a District Inspector could place Alex’s life within the hands of an ogre, then perhaps this creature would be worth keeping around.
He looked back to the score of Airships trailing in their wake and sighed.
All this chaos brought about by one man. He must have thought me a fool!
He clenched his fist. The course of that man’s actions will damage Cowldonia in the eyes of the world for centuries to come.
I brought him into my house as a friend.    
He would have to make a public example of him. Perhaps even hand over his broken corpse to the Trian High Council once he was through.
Lucius cast his grey eyes forward and looked to the horizon. Marcus would pay for his crimes. He only hoped they wouldn’t be too late.


D.R. Hurley

Ten


‘Please, Freya, you must think this through.’
‘Believe me I have, Rykun, I have. You know we have no choice. I have to prove our nation is committed in resolving this misfortune of justice.’
‘It will do no such thing, and you know it. Your attendance at the rally will only spark things further. When Cowldonaia sees we have sent forth our Master of War, they will become threatened and think we wish to take firmer action. Besides, Ambassador Callus has already pledged he will attend.’
‘Oh please, the Trian has no spine. He’s little more than a figure to hide behind. No, I will attend. Let them think it is a threat. Perhaps it will give them the kick they need. Nolan believes it will send a strong message of unity.’
‘Do not speak to me of what that warmonger thinks.’
‘Don’t call him that.’
‘I shall call him what he is! Don’t think to differ. His links to the FOT would prove otherwise. And frankly, if it wasn’t for the fact that you are both … involved, he would be in prison.’
‘For what? Speaking the truth.’
‘For inciting violence and uprising with another nation. Slarr’s mercy, it’s embarrassing that a High Councillor should have links to a person like that.’
‘Nolan is a good Trian, Rykun. He has vision. And the strength to do what he believes is right.’
‘I’ve heard enough of this! You will not go to the Rally. That is the end of it.’
‘You can’t tell me what to do, little brother. You cannot command me.’
‘I am a Long Fur, councillor. Your Long Fur. It’s my responsibility to protect you from harm. Even if you can’t see it.’
‘Then perhaps it is time I found a new protector…’


‘What’s taking them so long? How can they just leave us waiting here like this?’ hissed Nikita as she paced agitatedly around the dimly lit room. The thick robes she wore weighed heavy against her inflamed skin, causing it to burn like fire as the material rubbed, and served only to fuel her anger.
Another gust of wind sailed across the room, charging in from the large open window that provided a stunning view across the Belt’s south-eastern range. Its passing caused the iron chandeliers bolted to the ceiling to sway under squeaking chains and throw candlelight to new corners.
Nikita’s teeth chattered as the chilled breeze ruffled her robes. To her, the constant winds felt deathly cold. She suppressed a shudder. The world felt an awful lot colder since her fur was removed.
Curse this wind ridden place. she thought dourly.
‘Why must it be so cold around here? Don’t you people believe in fires? she moaned, drawing a smile from her companion. The doe tightened her robes but left her hood down, its weight still far too heavy for her sensitive ears to bear. She resumed her stalk around the room, muttering a string of curses.
The long days since she’d bathed in the sacred pool of cleansing were filled with pain and suffering. Acolytes of the faith had spent many hours tending to her wounds, coating her blistered flesh in a viscous balm that reeked of death. They said it would help to soothe the pain and speed up healing, but the doe felt little benefit. The harsh vapour severed only to assault her nostrils and made her remaining eye weep. Eventually, she refused the treatment. The pain seemed a fitting punishment for her failings anyway. She embraced it.
‘The Elders need time to deliberate on what you’ve said. They only want what’s best for the Temple.’ Amros replied without taking his eyes from the leather-bound tomb lying before him. The monk was sitting patiently on a wooden bench at the far side of the room, reading from the fifth passage of Slarr’s opus. His wrinkled finger moved delicately across the ancient text, careful not to touch it.  So far, the monk had maintained his unusually calm demeanour while they waited endlessly for the doors to the Elder chambers to open.
‘If we wait too long, there won’t be a temple! The Empire will destroy it!’ snapped Nikita.
Amros lifted his hooded face. ‘That remains to be seen, my child. Please, try to still your mind.’
‘I don’t care for peace. I just want to fight!’ she barked, slamming her paw into a wall. She immediately regretted the action as pain flared anew.
The monk eyed her for a long moment as she began rubbing her paw gently. His feline eyes became wreathed in pity to see her so tormented, probably because she reminded him of his younger self. Confused and full of hate.
I should have known this path you have set me would not be so easy. he thought wryly as his rolling eyes fell onto an ornate tapestry bearing the All Father’s mark. The fabric stirred idly as another breeze washed over it. Amros took it as a sign the All Father sympathised.
He chuckled softly, then reached for the lengthy mass of stone cubes hanging from his waist, enjoying the familiar feeling of the markings as he pulled them through his clawed fingers.
‘If you’re so eager to find death, then why stay here? Why not seek out the evil you claim is threatening us?’ he asked.
The doe’s face hardened. ‘It’s not a claim. It’s real. The Cowldonians are coming!’ she growled.
‘Then if what you say is true, you will get the chance.’ replied Amros dryly. The corners of his mouth twisted into a smile.
He set the book down then quietly walked over, placing a clawed hand on her arm as he drew near. Nikita hissed at his touch and pulled away, causing Amros to look at her curiously.
‘I see you have not consumed the piece of Nevinroot I gave to you. Why is that?’ he asked.
Nikita shrugged. ‘The pain helps me to remember my shame.’ she replied grimly.
The doe scratched the tender patch of skin around her eyepatch and accidentally caught the grisly remains of her melted whiskers, causing her to hiss. The shrivelled stumps were fused together like rigid sticks and pulled her lip painfully when tugged. How she missed the feel of them swaying in the wind…
‘Masking the pain does not make you weak. I think you should eat it.’
‘I said I was fine, Amros.’ she grumbled, walking away. The doe breathed deep before exhaling sharply. ‘Slarr’s breath, how much longer must we wait?’ she cursed, thumbing the brass ring on her middle finger as she resumed her pacing. Its pull around her broken skin was painful.
‘Perhaps you should resume you learning of the opus while we wait.’
‘I don’t want to read. I want action.’
‘Nikita, I hope you understand our order has remained unchanged for a thousand years. It is unlikely the Elders will cease everything in sympathy for your-’
The heavy doors to the Elder Hall broke under the strain of squeaking hinges as they finally opened. Nikita breathed her thanks to Slarr, then pushed her way past Amros, eager to learn the outcome of their leaders’ decision.
She was greeted by a row of five hooded monks, sitting behind a great stone desk. Their wrinkled faces betrayed no sign of emotion as she hastily approached. The centre-most monk rose as she came before them and bowed, drawing the All Father’s mark of across her chest. He looked incredibly old with diamond rich eyes and tanned skin set with deep wrinkles. His squeaky voice echoed around the lofty chamber as he spoke.
‘My honoured guest. Thank you for your patience…’ began Brother Ryneir, but was immediately cut off by the impatient youth.
‘Have you reached a decision?’ snapped Nikita, fixing the monk with her one eye.
The Elders exchanged startled looks. Clearly, they were not used to this abrupt nature of questioning.
‘We have considered your request.’ replied an equally ancient looking doe sitting on the end. Sister Mayuk’s rasping voice boomed around the stone chamber, exemplifying her already sinister appearance. Her words drew a murmur of agreement from the others as they began to nod.
Nikita stared intently at the panel, desperate to know their outcome. ‘And? What are you going to do?’
The Elders’ faces remained unreadable beneath their heavy robes. It seemed an age before they spoke again. Perhaps it was their way of restoring order in this meeting? Nikita could feel her temper flare at their stubbornness.
‘We feel that it would be unwise to pursue your proposal. Our regime within the temple will remain unchanged, for the greater good.’
Amros bowed low at the panel’s decision, and thanked them for their consideration. Nikita wanted to spit in disgust at their ignorance, but managed to refrain.
‘Proposal? Slarr’s breath! Don’t you understand how serious this is?’ she said stepping closer to the bench. The Elders’ wizened faces twisted in resentment at her lack of respect. 
‘We do not speak the All Father’s name in vain. As a sister of this temple, you would do well to remember that. Apologise now, and seek forgiveness from our Father.’
The doe scoffed and shook her head, muttering a curse. The burning eyes of the monks’ gaze bore furiously upon her as she looked back to the panel. Sensing there was little to be gained in provoking them further, the doe reluctantly swallowed her pride and bowed submissively.
‘Alright, I’m sorry. May Slarr forgive my impertinence.’ she replied, hastily drawing her deity’s’ mark across her chest. The action seemed to satisfy the Elders, for their angered gaze crept back to one of neutrality.
Amros moved close to her side and spoke hushed words of caution in her ears. It was time to leave. She winced at his touch upon her shoulder and moved away. The fires of her heart were not yet tempered. ‘But you can’t just sit back and ignore what’s going on around you? Our world is in danger. The threat of invasion is real. Who knows how far the enemy is from your door?!’
The monks stared back at her blankly.
‘We have no reason to fear such, propaganda. If our people were truly in danger, the All Father would seek to warn us with a vision. And he has not.’
Nikita scoffed. ‘What about all the bodies? Dozens of dead Trians cast over the mountainside. How can you explain that?’ she replied exasperated.
‘Perhaps some industrial tragedy.’ squawked Brother Ryneir.
‘Or a new pox?’ added Muyuk.
‘Then why aren’t you going out there doing Slarr’s work? I can’t believe this is happening.’
The panel exchanged disapproving glances.
‘My child. We are pleased you decided to become enlightened and join our faith,’ began Sister Mayuk, ‘but your recent addition to our order does not give you the right to demand action by us, as and when you see fit.’
‘I just want you to open your eyes as to what’s happening-’
‘My esteemed Elders. Might I offer a solution which may sake all parties.’ said Amros quickly, stepping in front of the angered doe.
The Elders cast their steely gaze onto his humble expression and after a few moments nodded. ‘You may approach the bench, Brother Amros.’
Amros bowed then shuffled closer. ‘Perhaps if there were some collaboration of our sister’s story you might see fit to change your minds and lend aid to those in need of the All Father’s mercy?’
‘What do you suggest?’ said Muyuk.
Amros’s wrinkled skin cracked further as he smiled. ‘The settlement of Hythrall lies only a few days ride to the west. A party could travel to confirm her story.’
‘You wish us to conduct some kind of reconnaissance mission?’ scoffed Ryneir. ‘Please, Brother, we are not soldiers.’
‘And besides, the Anno Deus draws near. We must begin making arrangements.’ added Sister Mayuk. Her fellow Elders grunted in acknowledgment, but Amros pressed the matter further.
‘My charge this season is to pay homage to the Great Mother’s resting place. A pilgrimage that leads to the west. Hythrall lies on that path.  I would only be fulfilling my calling. If the settlement is besieged, as Sister Nikita says, then I will have no choice but to return anyway. If not, I will continue on the path laid out by the All Father.’
The Elders looked to one another and passed many hushed utterings. After a good while, Elder Ryneir rose to give the final verdict.
‘In light of your suggestion, Brother Amros. We have decided to allow you to proceed, but on one condition. Sister Nikita is to travel with you on your pilgrimage. Guide her through our ways. Hopefully the road to enlightenment will shine strong on her as you journey to the west, and this farcical dream of attack will finally subside. Are we understood?’
Amros’s smile broadened beneath his hooded face as he bowed low. ‘Of course, my honourable colleagues. Thank you for your consideration. Your wisdom is indeed eternal. In his name, we repent.’
The Elders’ repeated the phrase, then cast their disgruntled gaze onto the doe when she failed to utter the words.
‘Take note of Brother Amros. His path of redemption burns true. May he guide you to help quell the fires of your heart. This meeting is here by concluded.’
Armos bowed again, then walked back to Nikita, jerking his head towards the door. His long face twisted into a faint smile as he looked at her, but the doe remained angry.
‘And when we return with proof of an invasion, will you finally agree to help?’ she announced suddenly. ‘Will you rise up and destroy the threat which looms?’
Brother Ryneir leaned forward, fixing the youth with his amber eyes. ‘That, Sister Nikita, is for the All Father to decide.’

D.R. Hurley

Eleven


Leos turned to meet the sound of rushing air as a winged creature soared overhead. Its slender form was little more than a blurred mass as it flew across the plateau with incredible speed. No sooner had it left, a second shadow circled in to view, before diving straight towards the startled group. Broad wings splayed wide, halting its descent several paces from the ground in an excellent display of skill. A cloud of dust rose to surround the tiny party as the creature landed gracefully before them.
Argoed reacted quickly. A single bound from his mighty legs put his massive form in between Lyanna and the strangers. A thunderous rumble issued from his throat.
The newcomer held his ground and betrayed no signs of fear as it stood in the face of such a terrifying advisory. Its tall form remained still while sharp eyes darted around the group.
A shriek above brought all eyes up. Several more of the winged creatures could be seen circling overhead, clutching spears. Their shadows flickered over the trio as they moved in and out of the sun’s rays. Another two landed on the rocks behind, surrounding the group.
Leos caught his breath as the first creature drove its spear into the hard earth. It was tall, powerfully built and covered in fine feathers the colour of rich earth. Lines of vibrant paint were dappled sporadically across its humanoid body; tribal marking he presumed. A stout flaxen beak dominated its oval head, which looked as though it could crush rocks in its maw, and the bones of a dead creature hung across its barrel chest and head. Whatever this thing was, it looked every inch a warrior.
‘Hold! This mountain belongs to the descendants of Russco. You are not welcome here.’ its deep voice boomed around the mountain. The creature’s large wings retracted behind its back as it spoke, allowing it to move freely around the narrow path.
Lyanna stepped forward, eager to quell the rising tension, and placed a calming hand on her Ennir’s rigid form. ‘Forgive us, child of the Phoenix King. We have traveled far from the White Realm to request an audience with your people.’
The birdman shook its feathered head sharply, clattering the tiny bone ornaments adorning his frame. ‘Impossible. Magos would never allow it. The people of the new world have sought no dealings with our kind for an age. They have forgotten us. Abandoned our wisdom. No longer do they care for our name.’
‘That’s not true. We simply thought your race had fallen into legend.’
‘A sign of your ignorance, perhaps?’ the creature said firmly. ‘You believe something cannot exist because you are blind to its presence? It would seem much in the world has changed.’
‘Well what did you expect? It’s not like anyone has seen your race for an age.’ Lyanna countered, feeling her temper rise.
The Volanti looked at her with its piercing eyes, his face a mask of stone. ‘Enough of this bickering! Tell me why you are here, Hibernian? I grow tired of this encounter.’ it said sternly.
Lyanna released a short breath to calm herself before continuing. ‘My friend here is sick. His mind has been shrouded in a darkness which we cannot lift.’
‘So? I fail to see the reason why you come to us.’
‘We remember the tales of old. Stories telling of the great healing powers your race is said to possess. We humbly ask of you to help us?’
The warrior’s amber eyes moved slowly towards Leos, as if noticing him for the first time. ‘This one?’ he asked firmly, pointing at him. Lyanna nodded.
The warrior’s spear clumped onto the ground as he took several ponderous steps towards Leos. He stared into the man’s dark eyes for some time before speaking.
‘There is something strange about your aura, Cowldonian. Something … un-natural. My heart screams danger.’ he rumbled.
Leos held the creature’s unflinching gaze without fear. ‘I am not your enemy, but I am desperate. Please, can you help me. We’ve travelled a long way.’
The Volanti warrior stared a while longer before grunting deeply. ‘That remains to be seen.’ he rumbled. Leos exchanged a worried look with Lyanna.
‘Very well, we will take you now. Magos may be curious to see what manner of creature you are, after all.’

*****

They walked for several hours without speaking, traveling under the watchful eye of the strange birdmen. The Volanti maintained a cautious distance either side of the strangers they escorted and made no effort to talk to the group whatsoever. It was as if their presence was utterly despised by the ancient creatures. The tense atmosphere was heightened further whenever their steely gaze fell onto Leos. Grasping their weapons a little harder every time he caught their eye.
The path led them ever on, much like it had done before. The mountain soared into the sapphire sky with no signs of ending but strangely required far less exertion to negotiate. Tufts of sandy grass sprouted all over the rocky landscape, their long blades pushed idly in the breeze. Leos felt its gentle touch rustle his dark hair. He feared the air would be close to freezing the higher they went, but somehow it remained warm.
The land of the Ancients must indeed be protected by an unknown force. he mused.
Eventually, the stone trail leveled, and spilled onto the waiting summit.
‘Behold, Narhlia. Home of the Volanti.’ announced the lead warrior, thrusting his spear forward.
The party found themselves staring in awe at the clustered groups of rocky buildings, packed tightly around the mountains peak. Countless houses sat stacked upon each other like a rocky beehive, their edges cut in numerous angles as if chipped out of giant boulders. They sat proudly around a large pool of clearest water. Its surface sparkled like glass as Belthor’s golden light fell onto its shimmering surface. Water rained joyously from above, tumbling down the side of the rocky trail’s final ascent. Leos tracked its path as it snaked its way around the ancient village towards its ultimate destination, an enormous wooden structure trimmed with stone walls. It sat proudly at the top of the world, surveying the endless sea of woolen clouds.
The party’s awe-struck gazes fell quickly as they were herded into the village, and immediately set upon with the hard stares of hundreds of bird-like figures, coming out of their homes. All of them stared intently at the group of strangers not seen in this land for an age. Their stoic composure was as hard and unforgiving as their rocky surroundings. Leos noticed there were no young amongst them. Were they being held back?
As the silent villages gathered, a blaring horn sounded from the heavens, commanding all eyes to look at the wooden structure above. The birdmen fell to one knee, startling the group, as a great shadow leapt down to meet them. Its massive wings stretched far, blotting out the sun’s rays as it glided down. The mountain shuddered as the mighty form landed close to the bemused party, quickly followed by two others, wielding spears in their powerful hands.
Leos squinted in the returning light as he regarded the newcomer’s towering presence. It stood motionless for a time with its head bowed as giant wings, studded with bone totems, began to wrap themselves around its swollen body, shrouding it in a cloak of rosewood feathers. The man was amazed a creature this big could fly. It dwarfed even the ogres he’d met in those awful dungeons. A crimson blanket, flecked with bands of white, was draped over his mighty shoulders by the accompanying guards. Similarly, they too had streaks of red and white smeared under their eyes and across their bodies, just like the warriors who had escorted them here.
The monster’s squat head rose slowly as the guards stepped back. Its copper eyes moved slowly across the tiny group, ancient and all-knowing; they betrayed a mind composed of eons of wisdom.
‘So, this is the party who risked the mountain in search of aid. How curious.’ its deep voice rumbled.
The villagers began to rise at some unheard call.
‘Welcome, weary travelers. I am Magos, leader of the Volanti.’ the elder said warmly. His eyes became settled onto the Hibernian woman, now bowing her head, and remained fixed for several awkward moments. ‘Lyanna Darnto, it is a pleasure indeed. My heart truly swells to know the Queen of the North is still alive. Most feared you were lost to the Great Calamity which claimed so many of your people.’ He tipped his head low, grunting softly.
Lyanna watched anxiously as the remaining villagers followed their leader’s example. Her emerald eyes widening in disbelief. ‘How … How could you know that? We have never met before.’ she asked.
Magos’s eyes softened. ‘That is not true. On the day of your birth, I came to your father’s house to offer my blessing. A tradition my people have enjoyed since the time of creation. When I look into your eyes, it’s clear to see the face of your mother staring back.’
The woman tried to compose her conflicting emotions as her eyes glazed. She smiled back warmly and returned the bow. ‘I’m honored you remember me, Great Magos. But I fear your complements are misplaced, for I am no queen.’ she countered.
The Elder’s eyes narrowed. ‘A debate which can be settled at a later time, no doubt. But now, we must move on. Please, tell us why you have come here?’
She looked to her companion and found the man’s youthful expression already waiting. He returned a weak smile then nodded. Lyanna released a pent-up breath before speaking.
‘This man stands falsely accused of betraying his own people, and it is my intention to see him cleared. Cowldonia marches to war against Trian, and this man is caught in the middle.’
‘And why should this matter be of concern to Hibernia?’ said Magos flatly. ‘Why would you care if this man is indeed innocent or not?’
‘Because he is my friend. And I want to save him. Just like he saved me.’
Magos grunted deeply. ‘What exactly do you wish me to do?’
‘The path to his innocence lies buried beneath a veil of darkness. It is said your people have the power to cure this illness. Please, help us to restore this man’s memories. For I believe he is the key to stopping a terrible war and save thousands of lives.’
‘A noble quest indeed. And you presume to be unfit for rulership?’ said Magos, narrowing his eyes.
The woman shrugged. ‘Will you help us?’
Magos closed his large eyes and groaned deeply. ‘Very well. Let the Cowldonian approach.’
Leos walked a few paces forward. His movements caused a stir of concern from the gathered villagers. The giant wings encasing Magos’s swollen body began to peel back as he drew near, revealing his powerful arms. One reached out to gently clasp Leos’s head, who became completely frozen by the Elder’s piercing gaze.
‘You … are not part of Father Tumarr’s plan.’ the enormous Volanti rumbled.
Leos stared back, the confusion clear in his eyes. ‘What’s that supposed to mean?’
‘Your soul has been tampered with. The very being of your existence corrupt. A dark power flows unchecked at the edge of your senses. Dangerous, unyielding. I fear it will conquer you. Leaving death where you walk.’
‘I’m not evil. I just want to know who I am.’ pleaded Leos.
‘And what if you discover something that sickens you? Corrodes your mind further. Will you be able to live with that knowledge? Or descend further into madness?’
‘I’ll … have to take that chance.’ replied Leos, half believing his own words.
Magos let go the man’s head and crossed his arms. His enormous wings began slowly encasing his mass once again. ‘Many years ago, Russco granted me with a vision. A man wreathed in darkness came before me seeking aid. If granted, the lands around would burn in his wake, yet life would flourish after. If denied, madness would end him, and the world would soon fall to ruin. The image has haunted me ever since. And I fear the time has come for me to choose.’
‘That’s not very reassuring.’ muttered Leos.
The ancient being’s eyes became slits as they focused on him. ‘No, it is not,’ he growled. ‘I sense a great conflict is about to be unleashed within you that could threaten your existence.’
‘So you’ll help us then?’ asked Lyanna keenly.
The great bird man lowered his feathered head slowly and sighed deeply. ‘Yes. It seems the gods have led you to me. And I will respond. Though I must caution, once this thing is done you cannot go back. Never again will you be able to hide from the demons of your past.’
‘I don’t care about that. I just need to know who I’ am. What I am. I must find my place in all this.’ said Leos quickly.
Magos nodded a final time. ‘So be it. For good or ill, that is how it shall be. I will grant you my help. Stay here and await my call. Your past shall soon be recalled.’

*****

It wasn’t long before he was summoned. Two powerful looking warriors slammed into the compacted earth lining the sacred pool with baleful glares. The party had been allowed to drink from its crystal waters and found it to be highly nourishing, but it seemed some resented the action. The guards shared a disgruntled look then called for the Cowldonian to follow. They said nothing as they led him towards the giant stone building perched on the summit and came to stand either side of the entrance.
‘Magos awaits you.’ one of the guards said sternly.
Leos cautiously pushed his way through the heavy fabric veil that hung over the Elder building’s entrance and stepped inside. His dark eyes met the hazy glow of amber light cast out from the room’s fire. Magos sat close to the room’s center in an enormous wooden throne. His great wings tucked back to reveal his swollen body. Sharp eyes the colour of polished copper tracked the man’s movements as he cautiously entered.
As Leos moved closer, the Volanti Elder stretched out his arm towards a stone table, wrought with strange carvings.
‘Lie here.’ rumbled Magos with an ancient voice. The man did as he was asked, silently walking towards the table.
He lay down on its cool surface, suppressing a shudder. His eyes darted nervously around the room, looking at the numerous bone ornaments dangling from the ceiling.
‘What are those?’ he asked, pointing his finger at the spinning objects.
Magos rose from his wooden throne and walked over. ‘They are totems of the dead. Whenever one of us is lost, their spirit is remembered. Now be still. I must concentrate.’
Leos did as commanded and waited helplessly as the Volanti’s huge form shuffled closer. He positioned himself above Leos’s head and drew a deep breath, swelling his immense chest. Magos’s large wings began to extend either side of the table until they completely enveloped it. Clawed fingers came to rest atop the Cowldonian’s brow, pressing gently against his skin.
‘Try to clear your mind of all things.’ he said calmly.
‘Shouldn’t be too hard.’ muttered Leos. But the Elder did not respond. His eyes now closed, he began to hum, a deep rumbling tone which calmed the senses.
Leos felt the space between the Elder’s hands and his head grow warm. His pupils dilated and his heart beat harder as a crimson light flared around his head. He swallowed a dry mouth and felt the relentless beat against his chest increase.
‘Focus on calming your mind.’ grumbled Magos, sensing his unrest.
Leos exhaled slowly and tried to stay calm. He kept his eyes focused on the dark recess of the cave’s ceilings. The deepening rumble of the Volanti’s humming caused a faint buzzing within his skull.
‘I sense the veil of shadow cast over you. It smothers your mind like a blanket of storm clouds across the stars. It must be purged.’
The crimson light grew deeper and deeper, until it completely obscured Leos’s vision. The man closed his eyes, desperate to shut it out, but the red light remained within his mind. It grew deeper, darker, until nothing else remained.
As the rumbling tones of Magos’s ancient voice penetrated his soul, Leos felt himself become lost within the eternal darkness, and slipped peacefully into its welcoming arms.


D.R. Hurley

Twelve


The Hwethgar leader comes too soon and threatens our goal. He seeks to seize the puppet General from our grasp and must be eliminated. A formality. His use has long since expired.
Yet this, unexpected turn can be moved to our advantage. Removing the beast’s head will send its body crashing into turmoil and remove the last remaining threat. A simple act is all it takes. Our brother, long since departed, will incite his downfall. A necessary evil. And most amusing for us to watch…


Captain Offidius caught his breath as he looked incredulously through the retractable viewing glass from within Hythrall’s broken gatehouse. His blue eyes drew wide at the sight of the approaching fleet, thundering down the Rakooth passage. Torrents of dust-driven clouds barreled over the passage’s mountainous wall as dozens of steam-powered vessels screamed down the Trian-made channel.
‘Breath of Tumarr, how can this be? Our prayers have been answered so soon!’ breathed the Captain, as the cluster of ships finally slowed. The immense form of an Emperor class airship leading the advance had already touched down as the grizzled officer raced out of the Northern turret, under the hiss of steaming engines.
Retractable boarding planks were already descending as the vessel’s huge rotors began to slow, sending pillars of golden dust sprawling into the air. The giant banners of green and brown wrapped tightly around its mighty gas bag fluttered wildly from the upwind. A concertina platform extended out of the hull’s bow, like an iron tongue, and smashed onto the dry earth in a matter of moments.
Offidius turned his bewildered gaze to an equally wide-eyed sergeant as he raced out of the gatehouse. ‘Assemble the garrison immediately. The Emperor is here!’

*****

The once magnificent bronze doors of Hythrall’s main entrance lay twisted and ruined on the mountainside as the Emperor strode towards the settlement. Lucius’s thin face stared disbelievingly at the devastation caused to the colossal gates, a mix of horror and awe wrought upon his noble features.
‘Great Mother, what happened here?’ he exclaimed, touching the crumbled metal. ‘What kind of power did Marcus unleash to destroy such a creation?’
The hulking shadow of a towering brute loomed over him as he inspected the wreckage, sending blasts of warm air from its flaring nostrils.
Brutus scratched his shaven head as he took in the ruin. ‘Bad thing happen here, Lord-Boss. Brutus no like.’ he rumbled, drawing a concerned look from his master.
The family crest pinned to the Emperor’s tunic shone brightly as it caught the sun god’s rays breaking through the clouded sky. Lucius felt a wave of guilt wash over him as he looked at the jewel.
All this under my name. Marcus, what have you done?
He brushed a strand of silver hair out of his troubled eyes and looked up from the crumpled wreck, noting the approaching form of a grizzled officer striding towards him. The man was huge and bear like in appearance. A fine set of bristly muttonchops adorned his weathered face. Lucius didn’t recognize the man. A hissing metal limb replaced his left arm. It looked cheap and unreliable. Nothing like the refined beauty his own mechanical leg comprised.
‘My Lord Emperor. You cannot know how much your presence here pleases me.’ the giant said, dropping to one knee.
Lucius stepped forward unceremoniously and helped the man back to his feet. ‘I don’t have time for dignities, Captain,’ he said sternly, ‘tell me where is General Zion? I wish to break words with him, immediately.’
Offidius noted the hard glint in his lordship’s eye and felt uncomfortable. He looked angry and determined. ‘Alas, he’s not here, my lord. The war has taken him north to Altrad. I believe he’s trying to locate the remaining High Council members and extinguish their presence.’
The Emperor’s brow creased noticeably. ‘Belthor’s teeth. He’s pushed that far already? What in all the gods is he thinking to stretch himself so thin?’
‘He drove our troops swiftly through the Trian defense utilizing the element of surprise. Though our losses have been great, the General remains committed to press his advantage of speed.  I believe he wants to crush the Trians completely, and put an end to the war as soon as possible, my lord.’
‘Then we have little time to spare. We must go north at once.’ Lucius replied sternly.
He turned to the officer accompanying him and barked a new set of orders. ‘Send word to the fleet. We make for the capital. Or what’s left of it. Come Brutus. We are leaving.’
The ogre looked up from the broken gate and nodded dumbly, dropping a huge piece of metal he was, for some reason, studying.
‘Fire up the engines.’ yelled Lucius, waving a finger above his head to the Spirit of Cowldonia’s pilothouse.
Offidius’s heart quickened as the scene he’d long hoped for began to collapse before him. He quickly strode after the now retreating Emperor and cried out to him, fearful of missing his one chance. ‘My lord Emperor please. If I may have but a moment.’
‘You have my ear until I board, Captain.’ replied Lucius, keeping his eyes forward. Whiffs of venting gas spilled into the dry air as the pair marched towards the Emperor’s waiting vessel.
Offidius chose his words carefully. ‘Forgive my intrusion, sire, but may I presume you are here because of the message we dispatched to you?’
Lucius eyed the man coolly as he walked, sensing his unrest. ‘No, Captain. I have not. Best tell me what it entails before I depart.’
The giant rotors were already beginning to turn as engineers increased pressure in the system. Offidius knew he didn’t have long. He cleared his throat nervously while thinking how best to deliver the mutinous words he was about to speak. Words that could see him and half of the soldiers in this garrison have their throats lined with the silver rope and sent to the Dark Uncle. The panic in his chest swelled to an unbearable level, but there was no other choice, the ship was drawing close now. He had to do it.
‘I fear the General is delirious, my lord. He seems to have lost his mind and is unfit to command. My fellow officers agree also.’
Lucius halted his retreat and turned to face the large officer, noting the sudden flushness of his bristled cheeks. An agonizingly long moment passed. Offidius thought his master was going to explode from the slanderous accusation made against his champion. Fortunately, it was not so.
‘General Zion is precisely the reason why I am here, Captain.’ said Lucius, his eyes narrowing. ‘His actions have disgraced our nation in the eyes of the world. I’m taking over this operation with immediate effect and pulling the White Army out of Trian.’
Offidius released a pent-up breath and felt his previous apprehensions dissipate. Somehow the man understood. But how did he know?
‘Then you’ve heard of the Prince, my lord?’ he asked hesitantly. Offidius noted the hardening of his master’s jawline as his body stiffened. His grey eyes became filled with anger at the mention of the Prince.
‘My son was never taken, Captain. His disappearance was nothing more than a ruse to start this infernal war. I intend to court martial General Zion and have him tried.’
Offidius was taken aback by the amount of information the Emperor already possessed, but was ultimately relieved to know his feelings were well matched in the eyes of his leader.
‘Sire, what would you have us do here? There are numerous Trian prisoners currently held captive and-’
That’s when it happened.

*****

The Captain’s voice died in his throat as a huge explosion tore the world asunder. An enormous cloud of bone coloured dust could be seen smothering the Rayamthos defense, way above Hythrall. His grizzled face slackened to see the ruined settlement wreathed in a maelstrom of chaos, as great chunks of ancient stone sailed through the air, smashing into nearby structures to cause yet more destruction.
‘What in Turmarr’s name is going on here Captain?’ cried the Emperor, but the seasoned veteran didn’t answer. His frightened eyes now fixed upon the parting dust cloud, and the giant hole in the dam’s outer wall it revealed.
‘Great Mother Preserve us…’ he breathed, realizing the danger they were in.
Lucius saw the terror in the large man’s eyes and felt his own blood drain. A second explosion made him cry out in fear.
‘Get to the Airships, now!’ yelled Offidius, as a raging body of water spewed into the air.
Huge blocks were catapulted across the settlement as the unstoppable torrent ripped out of its stone prison, smashing into buildings and destroying the already ravaged market district. Those who survived the initial blast looked up in horror to see death unleashed upon them.
The garrison was first to be hit. Sighted directly below the colossal dam, the once proud colours of the Empire were ripped free of their halyards as the howling wind tore down the mountain ahead of the rampage. The lofty turrets adorning the garrison’s walls vanished in a matter of seconds as did the training grounds. The camp stood no chance. Screams of death went unheard as millions of tons of water hammered into the requisitioned complex, killing scores of men instantly as the tide descended. Limbs snapped and necks broke as the flood smashed into them without restraint.
The protective walls surrounding the garrison were unable to withstand the immense pressure and crumbled in mere heartbeats. Man-sized boulders were scooped up by the flood and sent on a spiraling path of wanton destruction that spilled into the market district’s stone plaza.
Soldiers shrieked in terror as they fled for their lives, the ground beneath them trembling from the flood’s unstoppable advance. Weapons and armor were discarded in a desperate bid to gain speed, but it would do them no good. The water took them all.
Prisoners bound in chains made prayers of mercy to Slarr, knowing they could not outrun the devastation. They died on their knees as one.
The flimsy wooden structures littering the trading area stood no chance at all, and simply added to the water’s unstoppable advance. The tumultuous wrath of carnage became a shifting mass of broken timbres, rubble and bodies that pushed into the surrounding housing and farming districts, causing more mayhem.
At the point where it first landed, the water forked and began pouring into the Rakooth passage, as was originally intended, with no sign of stopping. Lucius screamed at the fleet commanders to make ready as he and Offidius began racing towards the waiting airships, along with dozens of scattered soldiers, all trying to get away. Wafts of steam vented into the air from mechanical limbs as the two men ran. He looked down in horror as a high-pitched whistle began sounding, indicating a fuel cell was running low, but was relieved to see it was not from his metal leg. It must be coming from that officer’s arm he thought, but there wasn’t time to ponder. They had to outrun this monster.
A gut-churning wail made him look back. Lucius watched in horror as Brutus’s lumbering body was picked up by the water. The ogre’s panicked face cried out to him in fear before vanishing under the torrent of raging water. A rush of freezing wind, driven by the flood took Lucius off his feet a few moments later.
Offidius reached out to catch the man’s arm as he fell, but was unable to grab hold. His final moments saw the Emperor pulled into the all-consuming water, before he too succumbed to its unquenchable wrath.
Frantic cries rang out across the waiting fleet, as men desperately worked their airship’s controls, working feverishly to pressurize the flight systems and stir their idle engines. But it was all in vain.
The water ploughed into them with unmatched fury. A deafening rush of fluid smashed into the fragile ships, tearing props and splitting hulls. The smaller vessels were completely obliterated as the water took them, smashing their broken carcasses into other ships to cause yet more damage.
Offidius tumbled helplessly as his body somersaulted underwater, smashing off rocks and broken bits of ships. The weight of his metal arm was intent on keeping him under. Offidius grunted as he crashed into a rock. The bone-jarring impact shattered his human arm. He broke the surface and gasped for air, his weathered face wracked in pain, and managed to cling on to the landing gear of an enormous airship as he sailed passed. The tiny servos in his metal arm wined as his grip tightened, but the Emperor class ship began drifting backwards as the water started to lift its immense bulk. The Spirit of Cowldonia lurched dangerously to one side, but somehow didn’t roll over.
The grizzled officer grunted painfully as a piece of debris slammed into his shaking body, but he managed to keep hold. Grinding his teeth in defiance, the man clung for dear life for what seemed like an eternity. Would this hell-stricken torrent ever cease?
Eventually, Offidius felt the driving wind soften and the enormous pull against his body ease as the current finally began to recede. Warm beams of golden light shone through the parting clouds to warm his face. Offidius breathed words of thanks to Father Tumarr as the water sank below his knees before finally passing out.

*****

When it was done, hundreds of twisted bodies lay unmoving across the Rakooth passage. The broken corpses of both Trian and Cowldonian lay intwined amongst the remains of destroyed ships littering the ground. It would take weeks to clear the wreckage.
Offidius gasped in terror as he was thrown back into the world. His beating heart thumped painfully against his chest as he struggled for air. He tried loosening his grip on the ship’s landing prop that had saved his life, but found he was unable. The numerous gears in his arm had fused and would not operate. The fuel cell must have completely expired.
He groaned painfully and started the difficult task of unbuckling his tunic. The pain in his arm burnt like fire, but he had to push through so to get at the leather straps securing his mechanical arm to his body.
A short time later, he collapsed to the ground in a tangled mess. Wailing as the pain of his broken arm flared anew. The officer lay frozen on the water-logged ground until his ragged wheezing lessened.  It wasn’t long before darkness took him once again, and he slipped quietly into blissful unconsciousness.

D.R. Hurley

Thirteen


‘How is she brother? How is she coping?’ a soft voice asked gently, little more than a whisper.
‘She weeps dearly for her loss. The pain of her heart fills this entire building.’
‘I must speak with her, Callus. Please. I want to be there for her.’
‘She won’t see you, brother. I think it’s best to wait a little longer. She needs time to grieve.’
‘The Council may start asking questions if she stays away any longer. They will become suspicious of her involvement with the FOT.’
‘It will never come to that. Trust me, Rykun. I will do what I can for her. Her position is safe.’
‘A debt I fear I can never repay. Thank you, my friend. How are you coping with all of this tragedy?’
‘I’m not really sure. I think we can sway the Council into signing the petition-’
‘I meant with your involvement in the riots, Callus. You were there also. It must have shaken you to see what had happened.’
Callus sighed deeply as he thought back. ‘I must admit, the last few nights have passed slowly and uncomfortably. I’ve found little comfort in sleep.’
‘It’s not your fault things got out of hand. Nobody could have known. Though I suspect Nolan and his friends may have something to do with it.’ said Rykun.
‘Something we can never prove, since he’s dead. The Council will want to conceal any links to the FOT.’
‘A hard task indeed. The rumours suggest support for their cause has already swelled to new heights since this … incident-’
‘There is something more pressing I think you should be made aware of. Something far closer to home.’
‘Go on.’
‘Your sister will want blood for this, Rykun. You know that, don’t you?’
‘I do. It’s something I’ve feared since hearing of Nolan’s death. She will want vengeance.’
‘Then pray Slarr be merciful to us all.’


Nikita looked down at the horrific display with mounting sickness, her young mind unable to cope with the devastation she was seeing. Even her mount stirred restlessly in the face of this terrible ruin, she had to yank the beast’s reins several times to keep it from bolting.
The two monks stared open-mouthed from the safety of the mountain trail, way up on the southern side of the Namolean belt. Their vantage offered a clear view of the pale creature as it floated eerily in the sky. An orb of dark energy appeared within its clawed hand that was quickly thrown towards the dam. A second orb followed, releasing its contents.
‘Father preserve us, look at those poor souls.’ she breathed while Amros spoke a prayer to the All Father.
They watched in horror as great chunks of broken stone tumbled uncontrollably to the ground then gasped as the great body of water spewed into the market district, wiping out the fragile stalls in an instant. Soldiers in grey disappeared under the roaring current, along with dozens of Trian prisoners. The water split as it hit the ground, part of it swam out the main gate and into a force of waiting airships, docked within the Rakooth passage. The wooden vessels stood no chance as the unstoppable tide smashed into them.
‘I don’t understand. That creature was fighting for the Cowldonians back in Altrad. Why would it cause this massacre to its own side?’ asked Nikita. Amros shook his head.
‘We must get down there and help them.’ he replied, but his words caused the doe’s hairless face to harden.
‘Why? They’re still the enemy. That beast has done us all a favor!’ she snarled, spitting on the ground.
‘How can you say that, child? People are dying down there.’
‘I can spare no pity for the likes of them.’ she said bitterly.
Amros shook his head. ‘And what of our own? All those brothers and sisters down there. Don’t they deserve your pity?’
Nikita held the monk’s eye for a time as she considered his words. ‘There’s nothing we can do for them now.’
‘Not from here, no. But we must try. I will not stand by and let life perish because of your ignorance!’ he cried, snapping his sun-burnt reins. His camelid spurred into a cantor as he drove it down the trail in a cloud of dust.  The doe ground her teeth, then spat a second wad of phlegm onto the dirt before reluctantly giving chase. She cursed bitterly under her breath throughout the downward journey.

*****

It took them some time to reach the settlement, but eventually the rocky trail brought them out onto the flooded streets of Hythrall’s housing district. The water had yet to fully recede and contained scenes of total devastation.
Bodies floated limply in the debris-laden water everywhere she looked. A grisly mixture of Trian and Cowldonian corpses, whose limbs stuck out in unnatural positions. Countless timbres and broken wagons occupied the knee-high water. It would take weeks for them to clear up the wreckage.
‘We must send word to the temple and call for aid.’ the monk pleaded. But the doe shook her head.
‘Why, there’s no point. Nothing here lives.’ she said, rolling a soldier’s body to reveal his lifeless features. The corpse brought a small amount of satisfaction to her.
‘I refuse to accept that. There will be many who need us. We must enlist the entire temple to aid us in this.’
Is this why you brought her to me, Father? So she could lead me to this? he thought. But his moment of enlightenment came to a sudden halt as the doe cried out.
‘What in all the lands is that!?’ she yelled, pointing to a hulking creature trudging through the water-logged ground.
Amros tracked her repulsed gaze towards a distant giant, dragging a broken cart as it wandered aimlessly through the flooded streets. His puzzled face softened once he saw the beast and formed and knowing smile. ‘That, my child, is an ogre. A creature which lives within Cowldonia. It surprises me to know you’ve not seen one before?’
‘I’ve haven’t traveled beyond the Belt. My uncle would never allow it.’ hissed the doe, keeping her eye fixed on the brute.
The old monk smiled warmly. ‘Perhaps you should join me on a pilgrimage when this is all over, to broaden your mind.’
‘It’s hideous? What’s it doing with that cart?’ she asked, ignoring his offer.
Amros struggled in the growing light to make out what she saw. ‘I’m not sure. There seems to be something in the back of it. Is it a body?’
‘Probably going to eat it, I should think. Maybe it’s looking for more food?’ A sinister grin crept onto her long face at the thought.
‘Not true. Ogres maybe slow and dim witted, but I’m told they can be incredibly loyal. It was probably a bodyguard for that Cowldonian and is still trying to protect him.’
‘So, he must be important then? That’s interesting...’
‘It’s not for us to pry. We have other work which demands our-’
‘We have to go after it. Come on, Amros, hurry. I have an idea.’
Nikita raced off towards the lumbering brute before Amros had time to protest. His hushed words of restraint did nothing to stop the doe as she waded through the debris-filled water. She called out to the creature soon after, halting its unguided shamble.
The ogre turned its ugly face to see the two monks trudging towards it. He snarled angrily and let go his grip on the shafts, letting them drop into the water, and turned to face the robed strangers as they moved closer. Nikita’s eye moved warily from the beast to the cart as she approached. She identified two bodies now, one of which was missing an arm. Perhaps her companion was wrong after all and the ogre was indeed eating this unfortunate person? She smiled darkly.
‘Rat-people no take Lord-Boss!’ roared the ogre as they got close. Nikita was stunned by its cry and almost tripped over, but managed to save herself an embarrassing fall into the murk. Her clawed hands raised slowly to imply her peaceful intent. ‘Your friend looks hurt. We can help you, if you’d like.’ she said calmly.
The giant’s face scrunched into a sneer as he snorted menacingly. ‘No help from use. Lord-Boss fine. Just tired. He wake up soon, use see. Brutus no trust rat-people. Rat-people did this to Lord-Boss. Brutus fix Lord-Boss himself.’
He stomped back to the cart’s front and thrust his meaty hands into the water to retrieve the shafts before moving away, causing a great tide as he went.
The does slapped her fist angrily into the water as a large wave slammed into her body and ground her teeth, despite the coolness it provided her tender skin.
‘We can’t let him get away.’ she hissed, ready to give chase, but was held back by Amros.
‘Leave it child, there are others who need us. It’s not worth angering it.’
‘Don’t you understand? That man’s probably important. If we take him back to the temple, the Elders will see that I’m not lying and finally go to war.’
‘The Elders will believe you, once I return. But first we must offer aid to those…’
Nikita turned before the monk could finish and strode after the hulking brute, pushing several large timbers out of her way. She didn’t want to lose her opportunity and cried out to it again. ‘Wait! What you said isn’t true. We didn’t do this. But we know who did. We saw the monster that released the water.’
The ogre straightened, then looked over his shoulder. ‘What monster?’ he grumbled curiously.
Nikita smiled deviously as she closed the distance, ignoring the repeated pleas from her colleague. ‘It was a pale demon. The one that was fighting with your army. It’s his fault your Lord-Boss is hurt. We saw it destroy the dam.’
The ogre’s ugly face crumpled in confusion. ‘Pale beans with dangly mouth?’ he grumbled.
The doe’s eye widened in surprise as it seemed to understand her. ‘You know what it is?’ she gasped, but the ogre shook his head.
‘Brutus seen one once, back in Empire. It do bad things. Hurt old Boss. Brutus only save him once…’ The ogre’s expression fell as it stared blankly into space, recalling memories of its former leader, Inspector Baxi. After a few moments it came back to reality with a shake of its head. ‘No matter now. Only Lord-Boss hurt, and many others. Brutus find help.’
‘We can help him,’ said Nikita quickly, ‘if you come with us. We have friends who can make your … Boss-Lord better.’
‘Lord-Boss.’ the ogre growled.
Nikita shrugged. ‘Whatever. Look the point is, we can help. You want it or not?’
The ogre shook his head. ‘No, rat-girl lie. You make all this hurt. Your friend bring water.’
‘Don’t be ridiculous. It fights for you. How’d you think I lost this eye? It took it from me on the day that I…’ she paused as the image of her dying uncle flashed before for her mind. ‘I mean, it almost killed me that day.’
The ogre grunted curiously as it took in her words. It studied her for a few moments as it tried to decide. ‘You no lie?’
‘I give you my word, as a follower of Slarr.’ she replied honestly.
Brutus looked at her curiously as his tiny brain tried to understand. ‘What is Slarz?’ he rumbled.
The doe smirked. ‘He is our Lord-Boss.’ she said, drawing the All Father’s mark across her chest. Amros smiled warmly at the action and followed suit.
Brutus snorted as he considered her words. ‘And Slarz-Boss help Brutus?’
The doe’s smile broadened. ‘Of course. He is most kind.’
There was a long pause as the ogre thought. A series of heavy breathes billowed from his flaring nostrils, fluttering the water. Eventually, he grunted deeply and nodded. ‘Ok, Brutus come. Trust for now. But if lie, I smash you dead!’
‘That … sounds fair.’ replied the doe.
‘Then ok. Take me to use friend Slarz.’ 
Nikita smiled deviously and motioned for him to follow. As the trio began wading back to their mounts, Amros cast a troubled glance to the doe before moving to her side. ‘I hope you know what you’re doing, child.’ he muttered nervously.
The doe’s smile broadened as she looked back at him. There was a sinister glint in her eye which Amros was not too happy about.
‘Don’t worry, my friend. Everything’s going perfectly.’


D.R. Hurley

Fourteen


Lyanna gasped as a terrible sense of dread poured into her mind, waking her from a restless slumber. Her head throbbed wildly as an intense wave of emotions sent her Medion powers into overdrive. She clasped her head in desperation as the pain brought her to her knees, never before had she detected this kind of anguish.
Startled, she pulled herself off the straw bedding and cast her gaze towards the dormant form of her Ennir’s body, slumbering peacefully by the cave’s rear. She decided not to wake the beast.
Lyanna stumbled out of the cave, eyes frantically scanning the lifeless settlement for some clue to the source, and found herself inexplicably drawn towards the giant wooden building sitting on the mountain’s peak.
Leos? she wondered, before setting off.
Puffs of freezing air drifted slowly across the star-studded night as she made her way bare footed up to Magos’s retreat, her anxiety increasing with every step. Two spear-wielding guards stood proudly before the Elder Building’s large entrance, seemingly uncaring for the terrible events she knew were unfolding inside. Their piercing eyes cut through the gloom to track her movements as she ascended the final steps. To her surprise, the burly warriors stepped to the side as soon as she approached, without uttering a word. Content it seemed to ignore her bemused expression. Their stoic faces remained blank as she cautiously stepped past. Lyanna parted the heavy fabric and nervously went inside.
The moment she entered her torment ceased. The pain in her mind vanished within a heartbeat and calmness returned. Her emerald eyes squinted in the dull light as she surveyed the cavernous room, but there was little to be seen. Nothing stirred within the cavernous chamber.
She called out to her friend as she began to creep forward, her confidence growing. There was no response. Her heart beat harder with every step.
Lyanna gasped after spotting the unmistakable form of the village Elder standing in the room’s corner, his large arms folded, wings tucked back. He eyed her coolly as she gingerly approached with a face masked in stone.
After an awkward silence, his lingering gaze moved down to the ground where the huddled form of a cowering man could be seen writhing amongst the shadows.
‘Leos!’ cried Lyanna, sprinting to his side. ‘Leos, tell me what’s wrong? Are you hurt or sick or-?’
‘Stay away from me, Lyanna,’ came a frightened response as Leos frantically scrambled back. ‘Just stay back!’
Lyanna stared at the man confused. His dark hair ran slick with moisture and hung limply over his bloodshot eyes. They darted feverishly around the dimly lit room while his chest heaved back and to.
She instinctively reached out to settle him with a reassuring hand, but as soon as her tender fingers met his quivering skin she became totally engulfed by an incredible surge of emotion, sweeping through her. A tiny gasp escaped her petite lips as the woeful feelings she’d felt outside slammed into her senses unrepressed. The poor man was terrified beyond reason.
‘Blood of the Maidens, what happened to you?’ she breathed, taking a step back. The man remained on the floor shaking, unable to meet her questing eyes.
A deep rumble from behind drew her attention. When she turned, Lyanna found the heavy eyes of the village Elder bearing down on her with flaming intensity.
‘What have you done to him?’ she exclaimed, almost shrieking the words.
The wizened creature remained calm despite her hysteria. His squashed head moved slowly from side to side as finally he spoke. ‘Only what was asked. The secrets of this man’s mind have been unlocked.’ the great bird rumbled.
Lyanna stared at him with glistening eyes. ‘Then why in Tumarr’s name is he acting like this?’
‘Because his conscious is unable to comprehend what manner of creature he is.’
Lyanna scoffed. ‘You speak of him like he’s some kind of animal!’ she replied angrily. The Volanti declined to comment further.
Instead, his bulbous form shuffled back to his wooden throne where he sat peacefully, watching the unfolding situation with keen interest. The Hibernian’s cheeks darkened at the ancient being’s lack of clarity and chose to abandon him altogether. She was going to have to fix this herself.
Lyanna moved closer to Leos with small measured steps, careful not to spook the man, but he recoiled once again, despite her caution.
‘Stay away from me, I don’t want to hurt you.’ he yelled desperately.
The woman looked at him baffled. ‘You saved me from a sea hydra. Why would you think that, Leos? I trust you. Please calm down. I promise you have nothing to fear.’
She tried once again to reach out to him, only this time with her senses. But the moment their minds became connected she was immediately repelled by a dominating force, so strong it caused her to stumble. The woman shrieked as she fell to one knee, a tiny hand pressed to her brow as she drew in rapid breaths.
‘I told you to stay away, I can’t control it yet.’ cried Leos, almost sobbing.
Lyanna rose from the ground on unsteady legs, eyeing him nervously as she gathered herself. She brushed a length of crimson hair out of her eyes and stared into her friend’s panic-stricken face with genuine fear. Leos felt his heart break to see her so afraid of him.
‘What’s happened to you, Leos?’ she whispered, finally backing off.
Leos swallowed a dry throat. His rigid form appeared to soften now that she had moved away. ‘I’m not who you thought I was, Lyanna. I never was. You have to abandon me. I’m nothing but a monster, bred for death at the hand of my masters.’
‘What in the gods are you talking about?’ she gasped, noting a growing discomfort rise within her heart.
The man reluctantly stretched out a shaking hand, exposing his palm. Lyanna held her breath, fearful of what was to come next, but unable to remove her gaze.
A flash of purple light robbed her of vision. She blinked her eyes clear to see a crackling ball of dark energy, the size of an apple, spinning slowly in Leos’s outstretched hand. Her large eyes narrowed as the man held the glowing sphere for several long moments, staring at the thing longingly, almost mesmerized by its presence. The far reaches of his mouth creased into a tight smile as his eyes regarded it. Was he actually enjoying this?
His eyelids flickered, ending the trance. Leos cleared his throat nervously as he caught the woman’s eyes probing him then, immediately disbanded the energy with a flick of his fingers. He shuffled awkwardly on the floor as she continued to stare.
‘There’s something else I need to tell you. Something worse.’ he said.
‘Go on.’
‘It wasn’t the Trians who kidnapped the Prince. Nor did they kill his guards. It was me.’ he announced coldly.
The woman scoffed, her mouth unable to form a suitable response to his shocking declaration. After a long moment, the great trail of crimson hair, dangling over her ear, twisted back and forth as she shook her head. ‘No. I … don’t believe you.’ was all she could manage, but the man grunted softly and shook his head in shame.
‘It’s true, Lyanna. I killed them. I killed them all, without question. I put myself forward to kidnap the boy so that I could prove my worth to the others and did so whole heartedly.’
‘Others?’ rasped Lyanna. ‘What do you mean others?’
Leos fixed her with a cold stare, his dark eyes now harder than the mountain around them.
‘Don’t be naive, you know whom I speak of.’
‘I’m not sure I do-’
‘Yes you do. Don’t take me for a fool,’ he barked. ‘I can sense your revulsion as you think of them.’ His words shocked her into a new silence.
How does he know that? she wondered as he locked eyes with her.
In those few moments, Lyanna felt very felt exposed. Her tiny heart throbbed harder as she stared deep into her companion’s eyes. The uncertainty she felt towards him merely added to the sense of dread swelling at the pit of her stomach. She hoped there could be some other answer, but knew in her heart there was not.
She cleared her throat before speaking. ‘You’re one of them, aren’t you?’
Leos nodded, then turned his face from hers, hiding the revulsion set within his dark eyes. His mouth tightened noticeably as he ground his teeth, his fingers clenched into a shaking fist. The anger simmering beneath his conflicted exterior was obvious to her, frightened her. Who was this man now sitting before her?
She had to know. Had to press further, despite the tiny voice of reason screaming at the edges of her mind. ‘Tell me what they are, Leos. Tell me what … you are.’ She watched his eyes glaze over as the memories boiled within him, thoughts taking him back.
‘We’re nothing but monsters. Fiends. Created by devils, hellbent on destruction. I was part of their plan of genocide. His plan. But if you truly wish to understand what manner of creature I am … I must show you. Come, follow me.’
Leos walked past the bemused woman and made his way towards a patch of wall that was free from the clutter or paintings that frequented the lofty chamber. He placed a hand gently upon its cold surface, fingers spreading, and cocked his head. ‘Prepare yourself. The truth will not be easy.’
A dark light poured out from his delicate touch shortly after, bathing the exposed area of rock in a shimmering pool of inky fluid, which quickly spread across the entire wall. ‘Let me show you what really happened on that day, back in Umlie.’ he said calmly, closing his eyes.
Lyanna gasped as a series of broken images began to form within the purple light. Distant at first, but rapidly growing, the random pictures merged into the familiar setting of a stone courtyard, gated at four exits. The place was drenched in a beautiful golden light that felt warm and inviting.
How is this possible without a telling stone? she wondered, throwing her aghast expression towards Magos, but the Village Elder’s face remained a mask of stone.
She cast her eyes back to the shimmering wall, but there was little time to ponder. The scene began to play out by itself as Leos spoke, perfectly tuned with his words… 

‘…I remember sitting in the gated courtyard, my heart pounding with fire. A heavy robe concealed my anxious face, but I was determined not to fail. When the party arrived, I knew in my heart that I was ready for them. And I didn’t hesitate. Didn’t hold back. I slaughtered the Prince’s guards easily, like children attempting to bring down a bear. My hands burned with dark fire as power surged from within me. I gave myself in to it. Gave them no mercy. And enjoyed every blood drenched moment…’

The Hibernian’s face twisted in revulsion as the horrific scene played out in all its stomach-churning brutality. Limbs were torn and blades deflected by Leos’s flame-covered hands. Her blue skin paled noticeably, and her eyes wept to know the man who’d saved her life could be responsible for such violence.
‘I don’t understand. That isn’t the scene we saw on the telling stone in my father’s halls.’ she exclaimed. ‘It was the pale demons that committed this, atrocity. The palace Medion confirmed your memory was real.’
‘That was only a deception,’ he said flatly. ‘Planted in my mind so it would confuse my conscious.’
‘Planted? But that’s impossible?’
‘No its not, Lyanna. Not for them. What you saw was a lie, accept it. This is the real truth of it!’ he replied sharply as the memory continued...

‘…the power given to me was finally unleashed and flowed uncontrollably. I became lost to its wrath. Hungered uncontrollably for its power. Finally, I had proved my worth.’
The image showed Leos staring at his blood-soaked hands, his chest heaving back and forth as a score of bodies lay broken at his feet. Something grabbed at his leg, drawing his gaze. A wounded officer tried desperately to bring him down with the last of his strength, the desperate thrust of his sword fell weakly into Leos’s grip. He battered it away.
His slick hands clamped tightly around the soldier’s throat, bringing him near. The man watched eagerly as the dregs of the officer’s lifeforce was slowly choked from him... 

The image faded. Darkness returned. Leos stood unmoving, his hand still planted to the wall.
‘I can’t believe this is happening,’ whispered Lyanna, ‘all this time I thought you were the victim. Believed you were innocent.’
‘I know. And I’m sorry it’s not true. I wanted it to be true, I really did, but this is what happened. I am a murderer.’
‘But what happened after you … took the Prince.’ asked Lyanna quietly. ‘Why did you get captured?’
‘Because I did something stupid. Something petty.’
‘What was it?’
He turned his face to meet hers, eyes filling with anger once again. ‘I rebelled…’

‘…when the last body fell and the power faded, I knew it couldn’t stop there. It wasn’t enough for me, I wanted more. After all the years of failure the power finally came, and it flowed blissfully. I had to have more. So I continued my rampage, striking out at the nearest thing I could find like a wild animal.’
The shimmering wall changed quickly. Tracking Leos as he leapt across the courtyard to strike at the pale creatures lurking in the shadows. Their tentacle maws flared with anger as he rained blow after blow upon the unsuspecting creatures. Strands of dark light leapt from his fingers, disintegrating part of a wall, its target leaping clear at the last second…

‘You turned on the pale creatures?’ asked Lyanna as the scene continued to play.
‘I had to.’
‘But why? Why move against your allies?’
‘Because I wanted to prove them all wrong,’ he snapped, grinding his teeth. ‘I wanted to show them I wasn’t a failure. The General had always marveled in their power, cherished them above all others-’
‘General Zion! The Emperor’s champion? He’s the one behind all of this?’
‘Of course he is. He created us. Proclaimed we were the first of a new breed of warriors. The Ascended. The ultimate soldiers and the future of our race. I envied their power and had to take my chance to show them my strength.’
‘So what happened?’

‘…I struck as hard as I could, but it wasn’t enough. For in my rage, I failed to recognize their combined presence would only heighten their powers further. That’s the true secret of their strength, you see. Alone they can be brought down, but once united, they’re almost unstoppable.’
Wrath-like forms somersaulted across the wall with blinding speed. They cast orbs of sizzling energy at the man’s feet, blinding him with blistering white flashes. A pale beast barreled into him, bringing him down while another leapt onto his back...
 
Leos took his hand off the wall. His dark eyes glazed over as his recalled the final moments of his turmoil privately. His face hardened, jawline tightening along with his fist as he watched in his mind the creatures strike him down.
‘And that’s when they stopped you.’ said Lyanna, her voice was paper thin.
Leos nodded. ‘They swatted me down like an insect and left me to rot. Wallowing in the shame of my defeat.’
‘But I don’t understand, why did they let you live? Why go to the trouble of wiping your mind instead of simply killing you for your treachery?’
‘Because they wanted to prove to me that I was beneath them. Prove I was nothing. Death was too quick an option for me, so instead, they chose to remove the little power I had gained by wiping my memories. Left me for the authorities so I could take the blame for the kidnapping.’
He slapped his hand against the wall angrily and cursed their name, head bowed low as he stared at the floor.
‘A scape goat?’
‘A fool, for forgetting my place in all this.’ he muttered.
Lyanna shook her head. ‘I just don’t understand it all. It doesn’t make sense. There was too much at risk to leave it to fate. How could Zion be so sure the Emperor would attack Trian?’
‘He didn’t,’ replied Leos, turning to face her. ‘The Ascended have the ability to affect a person’s mind. Heighten their emotions to whatever state they wish. Zion planned to use them on the Emperor in secret. To instill such hate within him the man would feel compelled to attack the east.’
Lyanna looked at him warily as a new thought struck her. ‘Can you do it too?’ she whispered, almost afraid to ask.
Leos shook his head. ‘No. At least not before. And I don’t wish to find out. I’m not going to be like them.’
The man’s words appeared to comfort her slightly. She could sense the great unrest swarming his soul. The man felt revolted by the sickening truth of his creation. His whole life forsaken in return of becoming a weapon. A pawn to be wielded for another man’s obsession, and so easily discarded. Her heart went out to him, despite her reservations.
‘So what happens now?’ she asked quietly. The man shrugged and turned his back on her, sighing deeply.
Magos groaned long and slow, breaking his silence for the first time since the grisly scene in the courtyard had started. The ancient being rose from his wooden throne and spoke calmly.
‘It would appear the sons of Tumarr have gone to great lengths to pervert the gods’ blueprint for life. This abhorrent creature is the product of their actions. I pity him. And his kin. But that is not your first concern.’
‘What do you mean? asked Lyanna.
Magos turned his feathered head towards her slowly, eyes heavy. ‘You came to us seeking aid. That has been provided. The question now is, what are you going to do with the knowledge you have gained?’
Lyanna spoke quickly. ‘We’re going to stop the war in the east before more innocents are lost-’
‘No. I talk to the abomination.’ rumbled the elder. Leos looked at the ancient creature, eyes filled with a mixture of sadness, confusion and anger. His silent response to Magos’s question caused the Hibernian to frown.
‘What’s wrong, Leos? don’t tell me you’ve changed your mind?’
The man pursed his lips. ‘I’m not sure what to think anymore. I need some time to think?’ he said quietly.
Lyanna felt her anger rise. ‘About what? We came here to stop the war. We can still do that if we just go-’
‘And what price will it cost? It’s pretty easy to talk of valiant quests when you’re not the one lining your head up to the axeman’s block.’ snapped Leos.
Lyanna’s temper flared. Her heartbeat quickened and her cheeks darkened noticeably. ‘You said you wanted to see this through, for better or worse.’
‘That was before I knew the truth, Lyanna!’
‘It doesn’t make any difference, we still need to help-’
‘Perhaps the time for words is now over,’ bellowed Magos, coming to the Hibernian’s side. He placed a clawed hand on the young woman’s shoulder and looked calmly into her eyes, keeping his voice low. ‘Much has happened this past day. I think it would be wise for all of us to rest and reflect on the evening’s events until the Great Provider rises.’
Leos nodded, grateful of the suggestion, but Lyanna remained rigid, her checks now a deep purple. Her emerald eyes became slits as she stared at the Cowldonain. ‘Fine. We shall talk about this in the morning.’ she growled, finally giving in.
With a huff, Lyanna made her way out of the large room, pushing herself past her equally angered companion. She threw back the heavy fabric door and strode down the mountain, muttering a series of fowl curses in her own tongue.


D.R. Hurley

Fifteen


‘So, are we all in agreement?’
A series of rousing cheers greeted the hard-faced Trian as she surveyed the crowded room with a rigid stare. Her face betrayed no sign of emotion as the verdict was finally settled.
‘Good. Then I will make plans for word to be sent to the Cowldonian Emperor, requesting a meeting to discuss terms for the release of Thailen. In exchange, we will lift the trade ban that is currently in force. The meeting will take place exactly twenty days from here, when the sun’s light will be at its lowest. Father Tumarr will be blind to the true nature of our plan. An Emperor’s death in exchange for the innocents lost. It will be the Fist of Trian’s finest hour. Blood spilt for the fallen!’
‘Blood spilt for the fallen!’ came the reply from a hundred other voices, all eager for vengeance.
‘Bring light back to Trian.’
‘Trian’s might burn bright!’
‘Vengeance will be ours…’


‘Why rat-girl wear no coat? Not look like other rat-people.’ Brutus asked curiously as the group waited in a stone chamber, wreathed in warm candlelight.
Nikita never heard his question and continued to stare ahead. Perched on top of a wooden table, her lone eye remained focused on the group of monks working diligently on the two unconscious soldiers they had brought back from Hythrall. Flashes of golden light illuminated the gloomy surroundings as they cast runes of healing upon the two men. They’d been at it for hours now, with no signs of progress. Perhaps it was too late for them?
Her agitated gaze shifted briefly to her aching feet, where she began rubbing them in hopes of removing the terrible soreness that plagued her. Their trip back to the temple had taken far longer than the doe would have liked. The broken cart the ogre had used to ferry the wounded men was highly unsuitable to navigate the narrow paths of the mountain trail, so had to be abandoned in favor of more adequate means. The ogre had more than enough strength to carry the Cowldonians back, but his apparent clumsiness and lack of attention would have seen them all tumbling down the mountain most hastily. So, despite her reluctance, their mounts were forfeited.
An angered hiss escaped her long mouth as the ogre jabbed his meaty finger into the soft tissue of her cheek, pushing her head back. Her ribbed tail flexed involuntary as her temper flared.
‘Girl’s coat. It missing. Brutus nose rat-people wear coats. It not happen here. Faces different. Use different. Why use different?’
Nikita swatted the intrusive finger away, exposing the inflamed skin of her forearm as her robe slipped back. She stared at her skin for a few moments, finally understanding the ogre’s meaning and gently rubbed her fingers across the angered flesh.
‘I … choose to renounce my old life and make amends. Just like everyone else here.’ she admitted casually.
Brutus snorted. His ape-like face scrunched into a nest of wrinkles as he tried to make sense of her.
‘Why? Coats make use, use. Why take off?’
Nikita stared blankly into his ugly features, struggling to find an answer. It should have been easy for her to say why it was required, but it wasn’t. The answer fled her mind. She had accepted the brotherhood’s requirement to cleanse her flesh as a means of entry into the order, but didn’t fully understand why. Was there really a need for them to undergo such a drastic ritual?
Fortunately, Amros came to her aid. The old monk must have sensed her unease for he quickly came before the ogre, hood down, hands clasped beneath his robes, and smiled warmly.
‘Because the sins of our past lay strewn across our skin as marks of shame,’ he declared proudly. ‘All of us have fallen from the All Father’s path in some way throughout our lives. Let those we once held dear come to harm or dishonored our family by committing some selfish act. Thus, the body must be cleansed in order for the soul to be cured.’
Nikita stared at him silently as she digested his words, they seemed to make sense. But the ogre appeared unsatisfied and scratched his shaven head.
‘What is Alls Fasser?’ he asked curiously.
Amros smiled warmly. ‘He is everything. From the growing Sapleaves of the mountain shrubs to the roving waters of the mighty Ammos. He is all things, and all things are him, including us. The one who spent his lifeforce in order to build this bountiful land so that we, his children, could thrive. In his name, we repent.’
The monk lowered his wrinkled head, drawing Slarr’s mark across his chest.
‘So, he family? Use all family?’ asked Brutus.
Amros’s leather skin wrinkled terribly as his smile broadened. ‘Of course,’ he replied softly. ‘We all work as one to spread the All Father’s word.’
The ogre grunted deeply, and slumped onto the table, almost pushing Nikita off. ‘Brutus have no family. Empire taken me at birth from tribe.’
‘That must have been difficult.’ replied Amros, ignoring the doe’s snarling features.
Brutus shrugged his cannonball shoulders. ‘Some hard. Can’t see tribe inside no more. Brutus forget what theys look like. Maybe one day I go back and look. Brutus will nose them when he sees.’ he grumbled taping his nose sagely for an extended moment before continuing. ‘But that time way off. Empire Brutus family now. That all that matters. Is why Brutus help Lord-Boss.’
The doe kept her eye fixed on the cold stone floor as the ogre spoke. His words sparked a pang of guilt in her soul as she thought of her uncle.
A stir of emotion brought her gaze back to the present. The group of monks attending the unconscious men began to talk excitedly in hushed voices. Some gave prayers of thanks to the All Father, drawing his mark upon their chest.
Nikita smiled darkly. ‘Finally, he’s coming too.’ she said, leaping of the wooden bench and hurried over, leaving the bemused ogre.
She looked to the bunk keenly and saw the old man’s eyes flicker open. He remained motionless for some time. A mask of uncertainty wrought upon his aged face as he wearily scanned his surroundings. He flinched upon seeing the hairless faces of several monks standing over him, the motion caused him to gasp as a fresh wave of pain ran down his body.
‘Who are you? Where are my guards?’ he asked quickly, the panic rising in his voice.
Lucius pushed himself up awkwardly from the wooden bunk and scanned the stone chamber. A gentle breeze rustled his silver hair as his looked over the numerous tapestry’s lining the walls. His bewildering thoughts appeared to vanish after spotting the mangled remains of his prosthetic leg. ‘Jakkaro’s teeth, what did you do to me?’ he cried, the anger now building alongside his confusion.
Nikita smiled deviously to see his unrest while the other monks exchanged several hushed words. After a short pause one of them stepped forward to address Lucius, his long face devoid of expression.
‘You’ve been asleep for several days, consumed with fever. It pleases us to know it has finally broken.’ the monk replied in a calm voice.
Lucius stared at the stranger for several moments, his uncertainty clear. ‘What in all the lands are you talking about man? Who are you, and where are my physicians?’
‘I am Brother Ammil, Pastus of the Viridis sect-’
‘I don’t have time for formalities. I need to find out what’s going on. Where is the officer in charge? I wish to speak with him immediately…’
His commanding tone caused the ogre’s head to snap up, his round face filled with excitement as he finally registered his master’s presence.
Brutus surged to his feet and bounded over, sending several monks sprawling as he eagerly pushed his way towards the bunk. His ugly face beamed with joy to see his master awake, revealing a mouth full of blackened teeth. The sight of it caused Nikita to grimace.
‘Lord-Boss better now.’ he bellowed. His beady eyes glinting.
Lucius stared merrily at the lumbering brute with genuine happiness and felt a small measure of calm return to his confused mind. ‘Brutus my lad, you’re here. I’m so pleased to see you. Where on earth have you brought me? And what happened to my leg?’
The ogre’s ugly face slackened as he tried to recall his recent ordeal. ‘I find use next to broken ship. Metal leg smashed. I find armless man too, then get help for use both.’
Lucius’s brow twisted. ‘Armless man?’ he mused. But he quickly understood when the ogre pointed at the unmoving form of another officer, lying peacefully in a bunk close by. Vague memories of a bear-like officer flashed into Lucius’s head as he stared at the man’s mutton-chop face and missing arm. ‘Will he pull through?’ he asked.
The monk’s face hardened.
‘It is hard to say. The fever in him was strong, and his arm broken in several places. We have done all we can, but now, he is at the All Father’s mercy.’
Lucius’s mouth tightened. ‘I wish to be informed if his condition changes’ he demanded, to which the monk simply bowed.
Brutus took a heavy step forward. ‘I find good help, no?’ he rumbled.
Lucius nodded. ‘What happened to us Brutus? Where are my men?’ he asked. 
Brutus eyes narrowed as he thought back. ‘After water, Brutus find rat-people and make them help use get better. Brutus no trust them at first, but like them now. Brutus done well, no?’
‘That remains to be seen.’ muttered Lucius, his grey eyes narrowing as he cast another curious glance around the chamber.
‘Rest your heart, son of Tumarr. You are among friends in this temple.’ Brother Ammil said calmly, sensing his unrest.
Lucius looked at him curiously. ‘To my knowledge, there are no temples in Hythrall?’
‘Indeed you are right. This is the Ramool Temple. The sacred home of the followers of Slarr for thousands of years.’
The man’s brow creased further still. ‘The Timmetan monks? But your temple lies on the Namolean Belt’s southern spur, if memory serves.’
‘That is correct. It pleases me to know you are so well informed of us.’
‘It’s my duty to be well informed,’ muttered Lucius, still looking around. ‘I need to get back to my men and find out what happened.’
‘Your men?’ asked Nikita, her large ears twitching in interest. ‘You telling us that you’re the one in charge of the forces stationed at Hythrall?’ Her long mouth twisted deviously in anticipation, eye widening.
Lucius turned his aged face to the doe’s, raising an eyebrow. ‘I am Lucius Gildane. Emperor of Cowldonia, and supreme Commander of the White Army. So yes, I believe it’s safe to say they are my men.’ he said, a little too proudly.
A stunned silence filled the room. Nikita’s lone eye narrowed. ‘You’re the Emperor of Cowldonia?’ she whispered.
Lucius’s unwavering gaze remained firmly planted on hers. ‘That’s right. And who might I ask are you?’
‘Is rat-girl help Brutus.’ blurted the ogre unexpectantly.
Lucius’s taut features became soft. ‘I see. Well, it would appear that I am in your debt. You have my gratitude, Miss…?’
Lucius extended his hand in thanks to the hairless creature, but the doe swatted it away. She snarled angrily while stepping back from the surprised nobleman, warm candlelight glinting off her exposed canines.
‘You’re the one who sent those armies into Trian seeking death?’ she hissed, grinding her teeth. Her ribbed tail thrashed wildly across the floor, catching the old man’s attention.
Lucius watched the doe carefully. Suddenly he felt extremely vulnerable. His thumping heart beat a little quicker, but he did well to hide his unease. A tense moment passed while he chose his next words. ‘Yes I did. But only in response to my son’s kidnapping. I just wanted him back-’
‘You murderer!’ roared Nikita. ‘Trian bleeds because of you. My uncle is dead and our people scattered-’
‘Calm your spirit, Nikita. Remember this place is a house of peace.’ cautioned Amros, coming to her side. He placed a soothing hand on her shoulder which she immediately shook off with a snort.
‘By your hands our people suffer needlessly.’ she snarled, taking a step closer.
‘I never meant for things to go the way they have,’ countered Lucius. ‘I just wanted Alexander back.’
‘That’s just another lie. Your son was never here! Everyone knows that was as an excuse to strike at us. You planned the whole thing.’
‘That is not true-’
‘I’ll see you burn for your crimes!’
‘If you would just let me explain-’
Lucius’s voice died in his throat when the angered doe raised her shaking hand and filled it with dark energy. The swirling torrent of crackling light fizzed and spluttered as it quickly swelled to an uncomfortable size in a matter of heartbeats, illuminating her snarling features. Surprisingly, the ogre was first to move, throwing his massive arms forward to encase the Emperor in a protective grasp before she could strike.
Nikita snarled at the heroic display, but her seething features become wreathed in confusion as raw Keir energy continued to pour into the orb uncontrollably. She looked at her hand aghast. Something was horribly wrong!
In a panic, she cast the melon-sized orb towards the Emperor, cursing his name, but the fizzing globe was deflected by a blur of fabric at the last moment, sending it screaming into the ceiling.
The room shuddered as a huge explosion ripped through the air, sending thousands of tiny shards raining down on the unsuspecting occupants. Nikita grimaced as a barrage of debris peppered her exposed head before being enveloped by a choking dust. Bodies scattered as the resulting shockwave threw monks to the ground.
When the cloud settled, Nikita looked up to see the rigid form of Brother Amros standing in front of Lucius, his calm face now a mask of anger.
‘This act of violence is not Slarr’s way!’ he cried, fixing her with his feline eyes.
Nikita saw the pain within those chestnut orbs and felt a twinge of guilt rise within her. Monks groaned faintly as they helped each other to their feet, their once dark robes now caked in powder. They scowled at her beneath their hooded faces, eyes burning with restrained fury for the devastation she had caused to their sacred home. She felt terrible. The very people who had taken her in, nourished her broken body, had been betrayed. The guilt consumed her. The reckless action shamed her immensely, she knew that now. Her anger returned. It was not centered upon the Cowldonian, but herself.
Brutus shook himself down as the doe withdrew. His immense back had taken the brunt of the explosion and was covered in a thick layer of stone fragments. He roared angrily, turning all heads, and took a menacing step towards Nikita.
A pair of hands thrust into his chest, holding off his advance.
‘No Brutus. It’s ok. Stay back.’ pleaded Lucius, hoping to calm the brute.
Brutus moved his beady eyes between the doe and his master, his face twitching. Eventually, he snorted, a cloud of dust streaming from his nostrils, but did as commanded. ‘Rat-girl no good.’ he rumbled, finally stepping back.
Amros breathed a sigh of relief and turned from the brute, lowering his smoking hands ‘You must control your emotions, Nikita. There is no honor in smiting defenseless people. That is not how this order works.’
‘This man is a murderer, Amros,’ spluttered the doe, her anger building. ‘He has no honor and must die for what he’s done.’
‘You will not take life in the All Father’s house.’
‘He killed my uncle-’
‘Enough!’ yelled Lucius, slamming his hands into the wooden bunk. ‘Enough. It’s true what she said, it is my fault. But my intent was not to cause death. I sent out my armies to intimidate only. To threaten Trian into returning my kidnapped son.’
‘Trian doesn’t have your son.’ screeched the doe.
‘I know that now. Believe me, I know. And it’s precisely the reason why I have come here. My own friend betrayed me, tricked me into thinking your country had moved against my own so he could start a war. A clever deception to play out one man’s need for revenge.’
‘I don’t believe you.’ snarled Nikita.
‘I swear it’s true, on the lives of my family. My word is my bond.’
‘Your word means nothing to me.’ came her reply.
The doe turned away, her single eye filling with moisture.
Lucius watched silently as she wiped her face and felt the tremors of his own guilt rise. The doe had tried to kill him. He should hate her, but he didn’t. He sympathized with her grief. How many Trians have suffered like her? How many families have been torn apart by Marcus’s rage? Every one of them left reeling in the shadow of his banner. It had to stop.
‘Listen, I know you’re upset, and you should be. What’s happened here is uncalled for, but I promise you, the man responsible will be stopped. If I can just get to Altrad, Marcus Zion will pay for his treachery, of that I guarantee.’
‘And what if he doesn’t comply, what then?’ said Nikita, looking over her shoulder. ‘What if he’s not ready to end his reign of slaughter? I’ve seen the madness in his eyes. His mind is twisted beyond reason. I doubt he’ll even listen to his Emperor. His army would crush you.’
‘It would never come to that. My men are loyal to me. They will step down once commanded.’
‘Are you sure?’ she said, turning to meet him. ‘The fact they just tried to kill you would suggest otherwise.’
Lucius frowned. ‘What in Belthor’s name are you talking about?’
Nikita’s face remained neutral. ‘I didn’t understand it at first, but now it makes sense. The pale being destroyed the dam in hopes of killing you. It must have known you were coming.’
‘Pale beings…?’ muttered Lucius, his grey eyes glazing. ‘The ones from the laboratory?’
His mumbling sparked a rise of emotion from the ogre, who shifted agitatedly. ‘Pale beans bad. Do no good!’ snapped Brutus, stamping his foot. His outburst caused some to jump.
Lucius placed a calming hand on his trunk-like arm. ‘But that’s absurd. Marcus would never try to kill me. He doesn’t even know I’m here.’
‘Perhaps one of them sneaked aboard your ship,’ offered Nikita, ‘and waited until you got here before acting?’
‘Now hold on, child, that doesn’t make sense.’ said Amros, shaking his head. ‘Why would the Cowldonians try to kill their leader?’
‘Maybe they were afraid he was going to end the war and wanted to remove him quickly. Make it look like an accident.’ she pondered, more to herself.
‘Ah, so you do believe me after all?’ said Lucius dryly, but the doe carried on as if he weren’t there.
‘I guess a ransom for his life would be out of the question.’ she added, trying to take advantage of the situation, but Lucius wouldn’t be swayed.
‘Now look here, Marcus may be many things, but he’s certainly not a traitor. I refuse to believe he would seek to end my life-’
‘I fear the Trian is right, my lord.’ a weak voice said from behind, causing everyone in the room to pause.
Lucius craned his head to see the wheezing form of an Imperial officer sitting partially upright in his bunk. His grizzled face was drained of colour and laced with sweat from the effort of moving. Several monks rushed over to aid him as he struggled to rise, but he waved them away.
‘Captain Offidius, it pleases me to see you amongst the living,’ said Lucius warmly, ‘surely, you don’t believe any of this nonsense I’m hearing?’
Offidius stared weakly into his superior’s eyes and held him there for an agonizingly long time before speaking. ‘The man’s mind is corrupt, sire. There’s no telling what he will do to achieve his goal. If Marcus suspects you are in fact trying to stop him then...’ He left the words hanging in the air.
Lucius cleared his throat. ‘Then what exactly do you suggest I do?’ he asked coolly. But Offidius never answered.
Instead, Nikita stepped forward with renewed purpose, the fire in her eye alive once again.
‘We go to the Elders and force them to act,’ she said firmly, ‘with an Emperor at our head, we can unite both forces against the evil that threatens us and end this war.’
‘She might have a point, sire,’ added Offidius, ‘if we could stand with the Trians we could remove Marcus’s strength piece by piece. By the time we reach the capital we would have enough troops to surround the area and force him out.’
‘I suppose it could work,’ said Lucius, rubbing his face as he considered the plan. ‘But I don’t want any harm to come to my men. There’s been too much bloodshed already.’
‘Of course it will work,’ snapped the doe, her excitement building. ‘I feel it in my soul. The hand of Slarr has guided us to this point. The Timmetans are going to war. We will end this!’


D.R. Hurley

Sixteen


Our move against the Hwethgar leader failed. A mistake on our part, soon to be rectified. And yet, perhaps it was never intended? The puppet leader’s wrath was indeed terrible. A most amusing and somewhat interesting display, to think he still believes it is he who is in control! And yet, our action was too swift.
Some good may yet bloom from this, unsightly affair. To drive apart this greatest of nations from within, to expose its frailty is a most delectable prospect. Only one amongst them is truly ripe for the challenge. His heart flows with the darkest of blood. A rage that can be so easily bend to serve our will.


Captain Joseph Parmen drove his bloodied sword into the chained body of another godless cur without a stir of emotion. The Skritt’s feline eyes pleaded mercy as the dregs of its lifeforce seeped painfully from its worthless corpse, but it would do him no good. The man held nothing but contempt for such a pitiful race.
Parmen ripped his blade free and shoved the Trian prisoner to the ground in one swift movement. A length of jet-black hair passed before his dark eyes, which he quickly brushed back, before wiping his sword clean on the dead Trian’s robes. He didn’t know why he choose in that moment to kill the wretch. The prisoner had sparked no reason for death, other than belonging to this hated race of creatures. Equally, his passing did nothing to quell the fires of vengeance ravaging his soul, so why bother? Perhaps it was his way of seeking justice for his encounter at Altrad? A humiliating defeat which had cost him a limb. A wound, though tragic, paled in comparison to the insult inflicted upon his pride.
He looked at the short sword embedded in his left arm and ground his teeth. A crude replacement thrust deep into the stump of flesh that was once his hand. The day’s light bounced proudly of its metallic surface as he held the blade up, yet its presence only caused him grief. General Zion’s cowardly act of desperation would forever tarnish his name in the pages of history. No doubt, the scribes would say it was he who leapt to his superior’s safety. Snatching him from a painful death at the hands of an enraged Trian.
The officer scoffed as he relived the scene. Never before had he met a foe with such terrifying speed and ferocity. The fires of death burned feverishly in the Skritt’s eyes that night. He recognized its might and to a degree, respected it, for his own eyes often housed such rage. It’s a wonder he escaped so lightly. How could a man rise to defy that kind of foe?
He shook his mind free from his despair and spat a wad of phlegm onto the dust caked ground, embarrassed he could entertain such weakness. This damned heat must be getting to him!
Parmen strode off, cursing the gods’ name as he made his way out of the ruined city and passed through the western gatehouse to his waiting troops.
The grim-faced soldiers of the Fourteenth Battalion stood patiently in the afternoon sun. The tattered fabric of their banner stirred idly as a warm breeze ran through it; a grinning skull skewered by a long sword sat upon the Imperial colours of green and brown. Parmen felt his heart swell with pride as he regarded it.
The Fourteenth were the toughest of the lot, and he was proud to fight alongside such battle-hardened men. He knew his troops would do whatever it takes to serve Cowldonia. A statement he could depend on in battle. Not like some units.
He sneered as the image of his decrepit colleague flashed within his mind. Former colleague, he corrected. Captain Offidius’s removal from the frontline was the only command Lord Zion had issued the youth had agreed with. To see the cripple’s pride crack was a delicious sight. He savored the thought often.
Shaking himself free, Parmen brought his attention back to the present and marched briskly towards his men. The Fourteenth snapped to attention as he approached in one swift motion. Wafts of dust matted the ground as boots came together. He eyed them silently for a few moments. A sly grin spread across his youthful features.
The outlying lands surrounding Altrad had been peppered with numerous attacks from Trian rebels in recent days, no doubt spurred on by their pitiful effort to retake the city. It was his charge to neutralize them. Their futile attempt had proven to be little more than an annoyance thus far, yet he suspected an all-out offensive was soon to emerge. The young officer knew it was coming. He could feel it in his soul. The Skritt’s were just biding their time, eroding the iron fist that was Cowldonia until they had mustered their full strength.
He couldn’t believe the fool Zion had decided to halt the White Army’s advance into the east and destroy the last remains of the Trian militia. His obsession of finding the escaped High Council members was bordering on fanatical, not to mention pointless. If the defenders were crushed there would be little point in worrying about their leaders’ location. There would be no army for them to lead! No, the best course of action would be to capitalize on the swiftness of their advance and destroy the Trians before they could regroup.
He cast his mind off his opinions and moved up to address his men. ‘Gentleman,’ he began, unable to hide the sense of pride swelling his voice. ‘The day’s task remains much as it was yesterday, I am afraid. But perhaps we might be able to have a bit of fun? I’ve heard several rumors that the Skritts are planning another attack. It’s my humble view that we should investigate such tales with the intention of intercepting this potential threat. We will start by scouring the housing district. Feel free to encourage any prisoners who are not forthcoming.’ His words caused a stir of darkened chuckles throughout the soldiers.
Parmen gave the command to move and his troops eagerly set to the task.

*****

A deep, booming voice tore through the air, halting the blood-slick sword’s descent inches before the quivering Trian prisoner. Captain Parmen carefully stepped out of the growing pool of blood accumulating around his boots, and casually brought himself to attention. He knew which face that voice belonged and braced himself for the coming storm.
‘What in Belthor’s name is going on here, Captain?’ bellowed General Zion. His haggard face twisted in rage as he entered the room, and the milky orb set into his skull blazed with fury.
Parmen remained calm. ‘My men are investigating a potential threat to our position, sir.’ he said evenly, taking care not to make eye contact. The fires of his heart were already simmering dangerously, and he didn’t want to risk doing anything he may later regret.
Zion took a menacing step closer. ‘I tasked you with patrolling the western perimeter,’ he snarled, ‘why are you not out there?’
‘Information was given to me regarding a potential attack and I chose to act upon it, sir. You said yourself to scour the area for threats, and that currently lies within our walls.’
‘That is not what I meant, and you know it. For all we know, your blood-mongering has allowed hundreds of Skritt’s to form around our position!’
Don’t push me, General. thought Parmen.
‘My intentions were just-’
‘You seek to draw blood for your own amusement?’ snapped Zion.
I’ll seek to snap your neck you gutless dog, if you don’t back down!
Parmen’s composed features remained neutral in the face of his leader’s onslaught, despite the raging voice within. He forced his dry mouth to swallow before answering. ‘My apologies, General, if you feel I have aggrieved you.’ he replied coldly.
Marcus eyed the upstart cautiously for several moments before replying. ‘How much do you love your nation, Captain?’ he said firmly. The words caused the youth to look at him for the first time.
‘I would die for its beauty, sir.’ the officer replied bitterly.
Marcus moved closer still, his voice little more than a whisper. ‘And do you trust in your General?’ Parmen bit his lip as the image of the Altrad battle came into his head.
Trust you enough to get me killed you…
‘The General is a most accomplished leader.’ he said grudgingly.
Marcus frowned ‘That’s not what I asked-’
‘What exactly do you want of me, General?’ snapped Parmen, his irritation finally slipping.
Marcus held the youth’s eye for a few moments, then began to nod.
‘I know how much your place in this army means to you. You wish to honor the legacy of your family’s name above all else. Which I why I have a special assignment for you and your men.’
‘I am yours to command, General.’ he replied with a steely gaze.
Marcus smiled. ‘Good. Then I suggest we retire to a more … appropriate setting for your briefing. Come with me.’

*****

A short time later, the Captain found himself standing inside a ransacked library within the Trian High Council building, watching patiently as General Zion poured himself a generous measure of Cowldonian brandy. A dark wooden table separated the two men, which Marcus was seated, but the arrogant-faced noble preferred to stand.
A second glass was retrieved from under the table and offered. Again, this was denied. Marcus grunted softly and drunk deep from his glass. He licked the syrupy goodness from his teeth when a harsh coughing fit took over.
Parmen watched curiously as the General nearly bent double, coughing repeatedly into his hand. It lasted several minutes before finally settling. A discerning eyebrow was raised as the youth spotted the distinct specks of dark blood coating his leader’s hand, but he held his tongue.
Marcus quickly wiped himself clean before taking a long sip of the amber fluid to steady his nerves, draining its contents. A heavy sigh escaped his cracked lips as calmness returned. He looked up when the youth inquired about his health, but he dismissed his concerns with a wave of his hand.
Parmen scoffed as the man poured a second measure and took a lengthy sip. ‘Do you mind telling me what this is about, General?’ he asked flatly.
Marcus swirled the dregs of his drink before draining the glass. He set the tumbler down on the table, fixing his eye on the officer before speaking. ‘We are moving east.’ he began, clearing his throat, ‘the Trian High Council have been located in the nearby settlement of Dantioc. I wish to strike quickly in case they decide to relocate.’
‘And you want me to lead the assault?’ the youth replied hopefully.
Marcus barked a harsh laugh at the man’s words. ‘Belthor’s teeth, the neck on you man! I would not forgo that which I have fought so hard to let you-’ he paused, clearing his throat. ‘No. I have another, more delicate matter I need you to attend.’
Parmen pursed his lips, exhaling sharply. ‘Go on.’ he replied, feeling his temper rise at being denied another honor.
‘There is a task which I have need of ending. Something which threatens to undo all the hard work and sacrifice we have applied thus far.’
‘Which is?’
‘It’s not easy for me to say this, Parmen. So I will cut to the chase. Word has reached my ear that the Emperor has arrived in Trian.’
‘And? What has this got to do with me?’ the youth replied curtly. His response caused a flicker of a sneer to adorn the General’s face, which pleased him greatly.
‘My agents report that his mind has been compromised,’ began Zion, keeping his voice low. ‘It is feared he has been warped into thinking he should unite with the enemy in a bid to overthrow us.’
‘You can’t be serious?!’ exclaimed Parmen, but his superior’s expression remained cast in stone.
‘This comes as a shock to us all.’ said Zion coolly.
Parmen became flustered. ‘But this is insane! How could such an exaggerated tale be true? I don’t believe it could happen.’ he protested. The officer’s youthful face paled at the news.
The General’s eye drifted away from the bemused Captain and settled onto the darkened recesses of the room’s corner.
‘We have discovered a new weapon in the enemy’s arsenal,’ he began, returning his gaze. ‘Trian has developed a way to alter a man’s mind through thought alone. Their agents have infiltrated our organization at the highest level. The Emperor was the target of that plot and has been, unfortunately, corrupted.’
‘And my previous question remains. What has this got to do with me?’ said Parmen a little too firmly.
Marcus’s eyes narrowed. ‘The team I dispatched earlier has failed to end him. I need you to go to Hythrall and finish the task, then rendezvous with me in Dantioc once it is done.’
Parmen blinked in astonishment. ‘I’m sorry. You want me to kill the Emperor?’ he rasped, struggling to maintain his balance.
‘I’m ordering you to. He cannot be left unchecked.’ came the reply.
Marcus stared at the lad’s open-mouthed expression with hidden interest, secretly enjoying the turmoil it caused him. His own face retained its rock-like composure as he leaned close. ‘You must do this thing for me, son. For the good of Cowldonia.’ he said.
Parmen scoffed. He couldn’t believe what he was hearing. He stared at the General for some time, unable to respond. The man didn’t know whether he should laugh or draw his sword at the lunacy of the order.
‘But this is madness, General. Utter madness!’
‘Is it really so hard to believe? We’ve already seen how effective this weapon can be. You remember the traitor?’
‘The man who helped the Trians to kidnap the Prince?’
Marcus nodded. ‘He too suffered the same fate. Twisted, altered. His mind was molded in to believing he was on the right course to betray his own country.’
Parmen shook his head disbelievingly as a pale being detached itself from the shadows, moving silently behind him. It reached out with its mind to touch the youth’s clouded emotions and gently caressed his concerns with delicate words of serenity.
Do not fight what your heart tells you… it whispered in the edges of his soul.
Parmen shook his head. ‘But he was a dog. Some wretched scum spawned from the dregs of society. You’re talking about an Emperor. Our Emperor.’
‘Emperor or not he is still a man. Prone to weakness, just like any other.’
And you are a god! Set to rise above all others…
‘I’m not sure I can do it. I … don’t want to do it.’ he stuttered, swallowing a dry mouth. But the enticing words grew in strength at the edges of his conscious, nibbling at his confliction.
You can do this for the Empire… it muttered.
‘Yes you can,’ added Marcus. ‘I know you have the strength to do what others cannot. That is why I chose you. There’s no one else I can trust with this.’
He speaks truth and honors you…
Marcus rose from his seat as the youth’s darting eyes began to glaze. He calmly walked to Parmen’s side, placing his hand on the officer’s shoulder, gripping it tightly. He fixed him with his remaining eye, the other glowed warmly. ‘Do this for me, Captain. Do this for the good of Cowldonia.’
‘I can’t … I … won’t…’ stuttered Parmen, feeling lightheaded.
You are stronger than you know…
‘I know this is difficult, son. But there is no other choice. The fate of our nation’s future lies within our grasp.’
Your grasp…
‘You must take it.’
You can take it…
‘See this through and you’ll be aptly rewarded.’
It’s what you deserve…  
‘Major Parmen.’
Yes…
The youth’s whirling mind began to still as the Ascended creature continued to bend it into submission. Visions of power entered the lad’s conscious, enticing him with the promise of fame and success…

…they will know your name for centuries to come. Etched in the pages of history for evermore… Major!

The creature let go its silky grasp on the man’s mind and slithered back into the welcoming darkness.
Parmen looked up. His dark eyes filled with chilling intensity. For the first time in his life he saw the path he was destined to take. The decision clear.
He fixed his commander with a steely gaze, releasing a pent-up breath. ‘So be it,’ he said darkly, ‘for the good of Cowldonia, I shall see this thing done. I promise you.’
Marcus’s eye narrowed as his mouth creased into a wolfish smile. ‘Good boy,’ he muttered before continuing with his plan. ‘Now, as luck would have it, I had the airship fleet relocate their presence to beyond the Belt a few weeks ago, for fear of them being at risk to a ground assault. My foresight has proven to be just and enabled me to launch a strike at Dantioc’s northern side, which will then push through the settlement before circling back for a second attack. It will serve as the perfect distraction to lure out those filthy rodents while my men and I move in from the west to cut off any escape. If you should happen to miss the rendezvous, make sure to avoid the south. We wouldn’t want you to be caught up in the crossfire, now would we.’
‘No, we would not. Thank you, General.’ said Parmen, his thoughts still lingering on his promotion.
Marcus nodded as the officer drove a clenched fist into his tunic before turning away. A gentle chuckle filled the youth’s ears as he left the room, followed by the sound of flowing liquor as Marcus quietly poured himself another drink in celebration.


D.R. Hurley

Seventeen


Leos stood alone. Lingering at the peak of an ancient spur of rock, precariously thrusted over the mountainside. His dark eyes drifted carelessly across the endless blanket of cloud smothering the world below as his thoughts boiled within.
A gentle breeze of cool air caught the tousled strands of his knotted hair, but did little to distract from the stampede of conflicting emotions ruining his mind.
How can all these evils be true? he pleaded desperately, fearful to accept that deep down, he knew it was all true.
He stared blankly into the great expanse.
I am nothing but a monster!
The Cowldonian remained locked within the turmoil of his inner strife for some time, wrestling with the realization of what he was.
Villain.
Fiend.
Murderer!
I’m all those things and more, he admitted shamefully. I killed those people without a second thought. Their death meant nothing to me. He shuddered as the scene played out before his eyes once again.
Leos shook his head woefully, feeling a mounting sickness envelope the pit of his stomach. Perhaps he should end this now, while he still had a choice? While he was still in control. He looked out to the perfect clouds laid out beneath his feet and held his breath. It wouldn’t take much. The very simplest of actions. Just one step and he would be gone, his grief along with it.
Time came to a standstill as he considered what might be the last moments of his life. He may only have been standing there for a few moments, but it felt like a lifetime of struggle.
Eventually, the man looked up from the passing clouds as his rediscovered senses awakened. The tiny hairs on his arm tingled with excitement from detecting the presence of another being close by.
At first, he presumed it was Lyanna, waking early to check up on him, and turned slowly to meet her supportive features. But he was hideously mistaken.
The man gasped as his eyes settled on the blackened orbs of an ethereal demon, floating silently in the air, several paces to his front.
A sphere of crackling energy formed between his shaking fingers upon seeing the beast, but for some reason he refrained from casting it. Something stayed his hand. A sense of peace exuded from this abomination that he could not ignore.
He looked curiously into the thing’s lifeless eyes and saw no danger. ‘I know what you are, creature,’ he said coolly. ‘and I’m not afraid of you.’
The monster remained frozen in the air as he spoke. Eventually, its large head cocked to one side as a ripple of movement swam through the tentacles hanging from its maw.
Then you will know that we are not your enemy… its voice hissed eerily within his mind. Leos wanted to scream at the sound.
An awkward moment passed without encounter. Finally, Leos released a pent-up breath and flexed his fingers, dispelling the crackling ball of light. The creature raised its hairless head and nodded in recognition of the gesture.
‘Why are you here, Brother?’ asked Leos coldly. His question sparked another quiver of movement among the creature’s tentacles.
So, you have learned the truth. Good. It pleases us to hear… its shrill voice echoed feverishly inside Leos’s mind.
‘Not all of it. Tell me, why are you here?’ he demanded. His voice was firm as stone.
The being’s black eyes remained fixed on his as it spoke.
We have been watching you since the beginning, Leos. Guided your hand until you were ready. And now, your path is set!
‘What path?’
The long road of destiny that lies beneath you. Soon it will end, and we can finally unite with our kin once more…
‘Your kin. I am nothing like you.’
Your fate lies intwined to ours far closer than you could possibly imagine…
The man ground his teeth angrily as he listened to its words. ‘If that’s true, then why did you leave me to rot in that courtyard after you took the Prince? Why steal my memories and leave me to get captured?
It was necessary to let you live…
‘That doesn’t make sense. I tried to kill you, yet you showed mercy?’ You should have ended me.’
No, foolish child. Do not think like the Hwethgar. The answer you seek is far simpler…
‘Then tell me,’ he said through gritted teeth. ‘I want to know.’
Your mind had become broken and misguided. Blinded by jealously, it had to be reset so that it could grow anew. Just like the scab crusting over broken skin, your mind is now perfected. It is as the gods’ intended…
‘Gods have nothing to do with it,’ he snapped, ‘this was your doing.’
We did only as commanded. The gods chose you as their vessel to cleanse the world. You were always the one, Leos. Always their champion. You are the best of us…
‘How can you say that? You know I had no power compared to you. Why do you still take pleasure in mocking me? Don’t you think I’ve suffered enough?!’
Is that truly what you think?
‘It’s what I know!’ he snarled. ‘They classed me as a failure. Called me weak because I couldn’t control this gift like the rest of you could. They stole my life, and then discarded me when I didn’t fulfill their expectations.’
He looked down to his outstretched hand and formed another ball. The energy came to him in an instant. It seemed so simple now, so natural, like he was totally in tune with himself. The strands of woven power were tantalizing to behold. It angered him, but at the same time excited him to control it. He dispelled it once more and looked to the being.
You merely lacked the knowledge to unlock your gift and needed time. The power was always there, but the puppet General was too witless to see. His grief kept him blind to your potential. It was he who wanted to abandon you. Discard you. So, we spared you from his wrath. Convinced him to let you take the blame for the Prince’s capture, so the insects would not suspect his involvement. And once you were safe, we stayed close. Watching from the shadows. Your life was spared because of us. How was it you so easily escaped them?
‘So, it was you who freed me from the cell that night!’
Of course…
‘But you attacked me in the corridor and killed those guards.’
A simple test to awaken your spirit. Death was never our intention…
‘And the boat? What about the monster with all those heads? Was that also your doing?’
We knew your mind was slow to harness the power within you. It needed to be nurtured. Tempted into waking…
‘All those lives were lost just so you could test me?’
They were of no concern. Many more will follow…
Leos ground his teeth at the thing. His clenched fists shook with power.
‘You sicken me! Life has more meaning.’
Their time is spent. You must join your kin and fulfill your destiny. Cleanse this world from the filth that taints it and lead us back to the gods...
‘Never! I will not be a part of this.’ he yelled.
It is useless to deny who you are, Father…
‘Don’t call me that.’ he hissed, noting a dull pain rising in his head.
It is who you are…
‘Stop it.’
Why do you resist?
‘I said stop it now!’ roared Leos, the pain now stabbed at his mind. ‘I don’t want to be part of any plan. I’m not going to be.’
A burst of light exploded from his shaking body, sending a billowing cloud of dust in all directions. The creature remained frozen as a billion grains of dirt tore into it, but not a single one touched its pallid skin.
Leos charged forward; hands blazing with lilac fire as dark energy filled them. His pale face turned to horror as the image of a small girl ran through the pale demon, screaming his name.
Lyanna froze as the man came screeching to a halt, her emerald eyes gushed with fear to see him so enraged. He looked past her panic-stricken face and caught the faded outline of the creature as it fizzled into nothing.
Had it only been a projection? A ghost? It must be close if it was. he thought.
His dark eyes eventually focused on the woman, whose youthful face was wracked with concern. She looked in fear at the glowing spheres of energy he grasped. Leos quickly dispelled them and turned away. ‘I’m sorry, Lyanna. I didn’t mean to scare you. I thought you were something else.’ he lied, knowing she would sense his deceit.
‘Something else?’ she spluttered. ‘Leos, what in Tumarr’s name is going on? I could sense your mind crying out in pain from the village. Is everything alright?’
Leos rubbed his head. ‘I’m fine. Please stay out of my head.’ he said, more agitated then he meant.
The Hibernian’s face hardened. ‘It’s a little difficult for me when you’re practically screaming.’
‘Then find a way!’ he snapped. ‘Go bother someone else. I didn’t ask for your help.’
He turned his back on her and sat down on the rock, cradling his sore head. His legs swung idly as they hung over the abyss.
Lyanna felt hurt from his words and turned to leave. She wanted to run away and leave him to his grief but knew she wouldn’t. The man was her friend, after all. They’d traveled together, endured hardships together. He’d saved her life. She had to help him.
She cautiously turned back to face him, carefully measuring her words. ‘I know you’re confused, Leos. It’s only natural for you to be scared, but you don’t have to go through this by yourself. I can help you.’
Do not trust her. She seeks only to confuse!
The man’s eyes widened as the voice hissed inside his mind. He looked frantically around his rocky surroundings but there was nothing to see.
‘Get out of my head.’ he hissed bitterly as his eyes darted.
Lyanna paused at his abruptness, but she wouldn’t be deterred. She pressed the matter further. ‘I just want to help.’ she whispered, to which there was no response.
After a long pause, she came to sit beside him. Her emerald eyes looked out across the clouds as she spoke. ‘Look, I know you’re in a difficult place right now, but we can figure it out, together. I’m worried for you, Leos. You seem … different from before.’
‘I am different.’ he muttered raising a hand. A tiny ball of light appeared at the tip of his finger few a few moments before vanishing. She looked at the display warily.
‘It’ll take more than that to put me off you-’
A hand lashed out before she could finish, thrusting towards a distant pillar of rock. Leos clenched his fist. The giant stone vaporized into a billion tiny fragments. A cloud of dust parted as the once proud landmark collapsed into a shower of broken rubble, kicking up more dust as it tumbled down the mountain.
Leos lowered his arm slowly; his gaze never leaving the clouds. ‘You sure about that?’ he said darkly.
Lyanna turned her eyes back to him. ‘How did this all happen?’ she asked curiously. ‘How did they make you into-’
‘A monster?’ he said firmly.
He cast his eyes towards hers when she didn’t reply and sighed, ‘I don’t remember much about my youth before they took me,’ he said, his voice soft and distant. ‘The orphanage was fairly poor. We had little possessions, but I remember it being a happy place,’ His mouth creased into a smile as he thought back, but it was gone in a heartbeat. ‘One night, I woke to find a gloved hand pressing a damp rag into my face. It must have had some kind of drug in it because it put me to sleep. The next time I woke, I found myself trapped behind a wall of glass, submerged within a strange fluid. A heavy mask was attached to my face so I could breathe, I remember how the bubbles drifted slowly through the murk.’
Remember your pain. Your suffering…
‘That must have been awful.’ said Lyanna, her faint breath little more than a whisper.
‘It was terrifying,’ replied Leos, ignoring the eerie voice still ghosting his mind. ‘I pounded on the glass for days, but nobody ever came. The fluid stung my skin every time I moved, but I kept trying. When I pressed myself against the tank, I could see there were more vessels lined up in the room. A dozen weeping eyes stared back at me in terror, pleading to be freed. But I was powerless to help them. As the days merged into one, time lost any sort of meaning, and eventually, I stopped fighting.’
The man’s eyes glazed as he recalled the terrible memories. The pain of his past washed over Lyanna as her senses detected his grief. It reminded her of her own shame. The avalanche she started which killed so many people, including her family. Her heart went out to his.
‘But they must have let you out sometime?’ she asked. ‘What about food and water? How was it you were able to live?’
‘The fluid provided everything my body needed. I was never hungry or thirsty, hot or cold. It kept me alive while it altered me. But you’re right, they did free me. Occasionally. I remember how they dragged us out for study. Masked faces looking down with callous scrutiny, always studying my … development. They never cared for my strife, nor heard the terror in my pleas when I screamed not to be put back inside the tank. As the years passed many new faces came and went, yet I somehow remained. I watched in horror as each of them changed. Those that weren’t killed lost limbs as the fluid slowly ate them away.  Each time, I relived my anguish.’
You were never alone, Father. We shared our pain as one… a hissing voice said within his head, making him shudder.
Leos looked up and cast his eyes around, but there was nothing to see. Lyanna queried him, sensing his unrest, but he dismissed her concerns.
After a few long moments the man became settled and returned to his tale. ‘Anyway, as the years passed, I lost all sense of feeling about who I was. My plans of a life beyond the tank were abandoned as I accepted this was to be my fate. I even forgot what the sun’s warmth upon my skin felt like.’
You merely succumbed to destiny…
Leos ground his teeth, hands clenching. Get out of my head!
‘And that’s when you showed signs of this, power?’ asked Lyanna.
Leos shook his head. ‘Not a first. There were others before me. Bursts of energy erupted sporadically amongst them. Tanks occasionally exploded as children vaporized themselves from the release of uncontrolled energy. I was one of the last to show any sign of progress.’
You just needed time, Father…
‘And the pale creatures, what was it you called them?’
‘The Ascended. They too had survived the treatment and were gradually given more and more condensed formulas. Their increased dosage meant the fluid had horrifically mutated their bodies into something else. It burnt out their eyes and formed them into blackened jewels. Their skin lost all hair and turned the colour of death and those … things, growing from the mouths meant they could survive in the murk without the use of masks. Eventually they were discarded.’
It made us free…
‘They took them away from us for closer study, but I could always feel their pain no matter how far they went.’
He gripped his head tightly as the memories stung him once again.
A little hand came to rest on his shoulder as Lyanna tried to comfort him. ‘We can end this, Leos. End all this suffering General Zion has inflicted. If we go to Emperor Gildane and show him what you know, he has the power to halt Zion’s attack on Trian and expose him for the traitor he is.’
She’s right, it’s all his fault. You have the right to finish him…
‘That won’t be enough, Lyanna. Zion must die, a slow and horrible death. I want him to suffer, just as I have suffered. He’s the one who brought this on me. He’s the one who must pay.’
‘And he will, but not like that. He will be stripped of his rank and thrown in the darkest tomb to rot for all his remaining years.’
That will never be enough for you…
Leos shook his head. ‘Prison is far too good a luxury for a man like him. He must die a thousand deaths by my hand.’
‘That’s not justice, Leos. It’s vengeance.’
‘What’s the difference?’ he scoffed. ‘In the end it matters not. I know what I must do now. The path forward is clear.’
Then go forth, and rise a champion…

*****

Leos walked back to the settlement in silence. His pale face set hard as stone as he focused on his task. The frequent pleas from his Hibernian friend were lost to his ears. Her blue cheeks had darkened significantly as she tried to convince him otherwise, but it was no use. Nothing could deter him now.
The giant form of Magos greeted him as he entered the village, his great wings once again wrapped around his swollen body. The Elder was accompanied by two massive, spear wielding warriors, dappled in the same coloured-strips of blue and red Magos bore.
Lyanna looked passed the Elder’s questing eyes and found her own eyesight drawn to the reassuring presence of her Ennir, who was sitting peacefully on a patch of tufty grass, a short distance to their side. The snow lion sat proudly on his massive haunches; his shaggy fur stirred idly in the growing breeze as the pair continued to make their way. She smiled at him fondly, but found his eyes focused solely on Leos.

*****

Argoed remained frozen as he watched the young man approach, his mind churning with mixed emotions. He’d already noticed the change in the Cowldonian’s demeanor since their arrival here, but had said little of it to Lyanna. There was a drive to this one now. A chilling focus which he simply did not have before. Gone was the man’s fear and uncertainty. Traits which Argoed had, until now, found all too familiar with his presence. Whatever it was that had happened in Magos’s retreat, it certainly had an effect on Leos. Everything about him had changed, even his scent was different. It screamed danger to his animal instincts.
He thought back to the early hours when Sulun came to him, remembering the great sadness clinging to Lyanna’s eyes as she told him the truth about Leos’s involvement in the kidnapping. He had, of course, suspected as much from the beginning and was hardly surprised by the news. Still, it troubled him to see her so distraught. He pitied her, but also felt anger. Why was she so determined on helping this Cowldonian? What could she possibly think was more important than going home to her father’s halls and re-taking her place on the throne?
A startling realization struck him.
Home.
He’d never considered that argument before.
Our home.
Could it be that she felt her actions here may help to absolve some of the tremendous guilt plaguing her heart? He pondered it further. Stopping the war in the east would prevent countless lives from being lost needlessly. Could redemption be her goal? It was a possibility, knowing her as well as he did. But ultimately pointless. The past remains unchanged, no matter how much we wish it. Perhaps he should keep a closer watch on her.
‘I see that your time of reflection was successful.’ rumbled Magos, breaking the snow lion’s thoughts. He cast his mind back to the present and watched as the Volanti Elder greeted Leos and Lyanna.
‘I trust now you understand your place in all of this?’ Magos added.
Argoed watched as the Volanti’s ancient eyes looked deep into the Cowldonians darkened orbs and witnessed the fire burning within. Argoed saw it also.
‘We will go to the west and seek out the Emperor.’ said Lyanna before Leos could speak.
The young man looked scornfully at his friend while Magos drew a series of heavy breaths, exhaling them slowly. His eyes closed for a few moments as he looked to his mind. ‘The one you seek lies in the east. It is there you must go.’ he said in a distant voice.
Lyanna’s breath caught. ‘The Emperor’s in Trian? But why? What is he doing there?’
Magos groaned deeply. ‘I do not have that answer, but I suspect it is linked to the crisis unfolding below. He travels to the Trian capital as we speak.’
‘Perhaps he goes to stop the General?’ she said hopefully.
‘Perhaps he goes to stand by his side?’ said Leos coolly. The Hibernian narrowed her eyes.
‘You’re so untrusting.’ she muttered.
The man’s face hardened. ‘I have every right to be. For all we know the Emperor is part of the whole plot.’
‘You can’t honestly think he would kidnap-’
‘There is something else you should know,’ said Magos quickly. ‘I sense a dark force moving against him as we speak.’
‘What kind of force?’ asked Lyanna curiously.
Magos shook his feathered head. ‘I’m not sure. Something which I have not felt before. At least not since…’ His copper coloured eyes flashed to Leos and found the Cowldonian’s determined gaze already waiting. Surprisingly, they didn’t linger and moved back to Lyanna. ‘You must go to him.’ he said finally.
Lyanna nodded. ‘Then we leave immediately,’ she said, seeking confirmation in Leos’s eye, but unsurprisingly found none.
She turned from him with a huff and made to leave, managing only a few steps before halting. ‘This is no time to dally, Leos, come gather your things, we have to get moving.’ she pleaded, but the man remained frozen.
‘It’s taken us weeks to climb up here, Lyanna.’ replied Leos, keeping his eyes from her. ‘And it’ll take us weeks to get back down. The war would have long since finished by then.’
The Hibernian remained undeterred.
‘Argoed will take us down much quicker.’ she replied, waving at the beast to follow, but the snow lion didn’t move either. He looked at her with his canine eyes. There was a firmness to them which she found unsettling.
The Cowldonian is right, Sulun. The path we travelled to get here leads back to the northern side of the mountain. We don’t have time to skirt around back to Trian. Her eyes widened as his noble voice spoke gently in her mind.
‘I can’t believe your siding with him!’ she growled, pointing at Leos.
Argoed shook his massive head slowly. It is not a matter of sides. I just think we have to find another way.
‘There is another way.’ interjected Magos, drawing a shared look of concern from the two. ‘My sons can take you down the mountain far swifter than on foot, and even to the boarders of Trian. But the snow lion must find his own path.’
The two warriors behind Magos stepped forward in response, thrusting their spears into the ground.
‘I can’t just leave Argoed,’ scoffed Lyanna, ‘we’ve only just been reunited. I need him.’
‘And I’m not riding on anyone’s back.’ snapped Leos, equally flustered, through more out of fear for his own safety.
This time Argoed got to his feet a plodded over to Lyanna, lowering his head as he got close so he could nuzzle her. Sulun, I too do not wish to be parted once again, but the Ancient speaks the truth. It is the best way.
‘I’m not leaving you again.’ she pleaded.
Argoed watched mournfully as the sadness swelled in her eyes. It won’t be forever. And besides, I think I can serve you better in another way.
‘Like what?’
Write a message to Lord Ellious informing him of all that has happened, and I will bring it to him. Perhaps he will muster the Hibernian fleet to intercept you? Send troops to your aid.
‘He’s not going to take sides in a war that has nothing to do with Hibernia.’
He will if he fears the queen’s life may be in danger.
‘Why should he think that?’
Argoed snorted. Heading into a warzone is dangerous.
Lyanna smiled weakly. Her response came in stuttered gasps. ‘You’re sure you wish to do that for me?’
Again, the beast snorted, his body now rigid. That question doesn’t even warrant an answer. he said firmly.
Lyanna’s smile broadened and placed her arms lovingly around his massive chest. A soft rumble issued from the monster’s throat as he lowered his head, almost swamping her with his thick fur.
‘Then it is settled,’ announced Magos, ‘your only task now is to find a way over the wall of rock that encircles Slarr’s children. Hotek and Sestik are strong, but they will not be able to carry you over the Namolean Belt, and the Rakooth passage lies further still, at least several days. How will you cross?’
Lyanna pulled herself away from her Ennir and shrugged. ‘I’m not sure. But we’ll find a way.’
Leos turned his gaze from the group, choosing instead to stare at the ground. He remained there for some time, staring blindly into the hard earth. His eyes began to glaze as he focused his mind, letting his senses run free. The distant sound of an ethereal voice echoed faintly within his head shortly after. It sounded vaguely like laughter, but he was not quite sure. He tried to home in on it, tracked its distant voice. As time moved on, he quickly realized it was guiding him. Drawing him to some unknown place. He felt compelled to follow.
His expression remained neutral as he sent his mind further out, beyond the mountain, beyond the snow-covered foothills, faster and faster. His conscious soared beyond reason. It felt like there were no limits to his reach. The exhilarating feeling flowed through him. He fought in secret not to succumb to this joyous sensation but felt the edges of his mouth crease into a smile. He tried to remain focused, scrubbing his face of emotion.
Magos’s eyes shifted towards the man as he continued to search, detecting the swell of power coming from him. A dull ache of caution gnawed in his stomach as he looked at Leos. His heart pounded, but he chose not to intervene. He remained silent, watching intently.
A second later, Leos’s eyes flashed open, his pupils large with recognition. He looked around the group warily, fearful they would be wise to his prolonged idleness, but the scene was unchanged. To him, the whole event had taken several minutes but in actual fact it was more like a few heartbeats. The briefest flicker of movement caught his vision when he looked towards Magos, but he found the Elder’s eyes planted solely on Lyanna. Perhaps he had imaged it?
He cleared his throat and took an awkward step forward, his mind still reeling from the incredible feat. ‘There’s a patrol of Cowldonian airships refueling just north of the Belt. I understand they’ve been searching for alternate ways to cross the mountains,’ he said, nervously. ‘If we commandeer one of the smaller vessels, we could use it to cross.’
Lyanna blinked in confusion. ‘How could you possibly know that?’ she asked, her suspicion clear.
Leos shrugged. ‘I just do. You’ll have to trust me in this.’
‘That’s a big ask,’ she began, her tone now hardening. ‘Even if it were true, how do you propose we steal an airship without being noticed?’
‘You got a better idea?’ he snapped, holding her eye. The Hibernian shook her head dismissively, muttering in her own tongue.
Again, Magos was the one to break the growing tension. ‘I can see no other way for you to proceed.’ he said, coming between the pair. Leos struggled to hide the smugness from his pale face.
‘Come now. You must leave at once. Your best chance for success will be arriving before first light.’
Leos’s brow twisted as he looked towards the mighty sun god, radiating in the sky, but held his tongue. First light? There’s no way they would get there before then.
It mattered not. The sooner they got off this infernal mountain the better. His brooding thoughts only strengthened as he made his way back to the cave in silence.

*****

The being watched silently from afar as the clustered group of figures began to disperse. Concealed in the shadow of a distant crevice, its pale body remained frozen in the air as it watched the display with growing amusement. The black gems that were its eyes slowly tracked the Cowldonian’s movements as he headed back into the village.
Good. His path forward is now truly set, it thought darkly. Soon, he will accept his destiny and his true power unveiled. We must prepare for his coming…
A ripple of movement swam through the tendrils of its tentacle maw as it communed with its kin. A few moments later, the creature drifted forwards, sliding out of the darkness until it was well clear of its rocky surroundings. Golden light touched its pallid skin as it floated in the air. The Provider’s touch was warm and reassuring. It welcomed the god’s presence, knowing they were on the right path.
After a long pause, the creature cast itself free, and fell silently through the powdery clouds.


D.R. Hurley

Eighteen


The room fell silent as the officer’s words robbed those within of all speech. To send a soldier in place of an Emperor was a ludicrous notion.
‘We can do no less, after all,’ the officer protested, ‘the Emperor has fallen ill. The palace physicians demand he remains under strict observation and will not be allowed to make the long journey to Thailen.’
‘Then it must be called off.’ a gravelly voice offered.
The youth shook his head. ‘There’s no time for that and besides, it would only add to their fury.’
‘And what will the Trians think when we do attend, absent his lordship? Will they be content to accept the word of Lord Gideon? Mightiest of the Empire’s underlings?’ came a mocked reply. A gentle cackling of laughter followed suit.
The youth’s eyes narrowed as he regarded his comrade. A clenched hand came to rest upon the pommel of his sword, but it was not drawn. Instead, a cruel smile parted his cracked lips.
‘Perhaps they would at that.’ he said dryly, provoking more laughter.
‘I can speak for him!’ came a new voice, killing the mood.
Gideon’s eyes widened, along with his entire company, as the commanding voice tore through the room, turning all heads. An even greater silence now fell upon the gathered soldiers as the stranger entered.
The heavy boots of General Zion clamped loudly across the polished floor as he briskly made his way towards the front, drawing all eyes upon him.
‘My son is right,’ he boomed. Eyes thrust forward as he marched. ‘Cowldonia has no choice but to respond to the Trians’ request for a meeting. We cannot avoid it. Especially if we seek to obtain a legitimate conclusion to this unsightly affair.’
Gideon saw the rigid bodies of his men and couldn’t help querying his superior. ‘Forgive me, Lord Zion, but wouldn’t your presence be marked as a sign of aggression? You do have a reputation, after all.’ he said, as evenly as he could.
The General’s eyes narrowed as he studied the youth. ‘Indeed, it does, Captain,’ he said coldly, ‘which is precisely why we won’t tell them I’m coming,’ his voice now growing in strength. ‘Nor inform them of the Emperor’s illness. As far as the Trians are concerned, everything will go as planned. I will meet with them and explain the situation. A contract, scribed in the Emperor’s hand, will bind me to my word. They will have no choice but to accept.’
‘And if they don’t? What if they strike out?’ a second voice cried.
Zion looked at the room coolly, his stoic gaze betrayed no sign of emotion. ‘That will not happen, believe me. The Trians would not dare to risk the consequences…’


Prefect Shannis cast her piercing gaze from one side of the dust covered street to the other as she sought out the nervous eyes of her colleagues in arms, hiding amongst the stone buildings.

…here they come, tell everyone to get ready. Wait for me to attack the column’s head then, Hadlish, send your group to move in on the rear and block their escape. Tell the others to go for the center. Are we agreed?

A murmur of response echoed faintly around Shannis’s mind as Hadlish secretly talked with her. She nodded back at him from her concealed position, noting the obvious fear lining his feline eyes.
The plantation worker’s response had not filled her with enough confidence to go ahead with the attack, but it was too late now. Her large ears had already detected the faint sound of marching soldiers traveling in the wind. She prayed silently that her own troops would not falter in the coming moments, and they had the spine to do what was needed. After all, it was her neck on the line.
She cast any doubt from her mind and carefully crept along the makeshift barricade to get a better view. Her civilian clothes made it easier to negotiate the uneven ground, if only she could do away with the leather chest plate, hampering her breathing. The restrictive garment nestled under her robes was a burden she didn’t need, yet for reasons unbeknownst to her, she was still loathed to remove it. Why was that? Did she secretly fear her own abilities inadequate to survive the coming storm? Could it be the long years of training she’d endured, and her countless accomplishments would amount to nothing because her aging body was no longer up to the task?
She shook her thoughts clear and focused on the task at hand, cursing her lack of concentration, and found a second group of Trians huddled behind a stone building on the western side of the village. Their eyes were wide in anticipation and their ribbed tails twitched nervously as they waited.
More fear, just like the others, she thought grimly. It’s no wonder we’re losing this damned war, if we have to rely on these sacks of worm rot!!
She snapped herself from bitter thoughts with a sharp twitch of her head. It wasn’t their fault they were pathetic, not really. Trian needed citizens like these to clothe and feed its people. There was, after all, a limit to the number of Trians who could enlist. But it was clear from the way they held their weapons that training was something which had been long since abandoned. A clear disregard for the ancient teachings she held so dear.
It mattered not. The Vanari had been summoned, and Slarr be damned if they wouldn’t answer. Shannis would make sure of it!

…go now and remember. The All Father protects. she said, locking eyes with their leader.
The brown furred Trian clenched his sword tightly and nodded in response, then motioned for his troops to move out. Shannis watched them scurry away and rolled her eyes, muttering a series of curses under her breath.
‘Slarr show mercy on me. I’m doing my best.’ she hissed.
She cast her mind back to her own position and carefully looked over the stack of wooden crates as her forces dispersed. Several long minutes passed before she spied the group of approaching soldiers entering the settlement.
Troops in grey, marching under the fluttering colours of green and brown, came down the street with a host of Trian prisoners in toe. They were led by a dour looking sergeant, riding atop a mechanical steed. A blackened trail of chocking fumes stained the air as the cantankerous monstrosity came into view.
The sergeant eyed the scene warily from atop his mount with a practiced eye and groaned. ‘Blood of Tumarr, this is all I need.’ he grumbled, watching the locals pathetic attempt at cleaning up the wreckage.
The makeshift barricade her troops had prepared earlier that day consisted of several upturned carts and scattered boxes, spilling onto the settlement’s main thoroughfare. An unfortunate accident between Trian merchants was the idea. A handful of Vanari actors pretended to clean up the mess. The whole thing stuck out like a sore thumb, but was the best chance they’d had at stalling them.
Cowldonian patrols had doubled in recent days, probably thanks to all the noise she and the Vanari were creating. The High Council’s plan of directing the enemy’s attention away from the eastern settlement of Dantioc seemed to be working. For two weeks, the White Army had ceased its rampant advance across Trian as it tried to flush out the remaining Councilors’ whereabouts. And during that time, supply columns, sent up from Hythrall had been plagued with numerous attacks, halting the much-needed resupply for the Empire’s battle-weary troops.
The Prefect grinned deviously as she thought about it, revealing her sharp canine fangs. The Cowldonians must be pulling their hair out trying to ascertain who was organizing these random attacks. The Trian’s latent talent for telepathic communications made conversing with Vanari members a breeze. Often, she would walk amongst the rubble-filled streets of Altrad, spreading the Council’s call to rise against the invaders. Their numbers had been growing steadily of late, but were still far too few in number to coordinate a proper attack.
Though not officially soldiers, all Trians retained a small amount of training in the ways of battle, thanks to the brilliant foresight of mighty Slarr, who’d laid down those teachings long ago. But the time served officer was reluctant to rely on civilians for any large-scale conflict. Not until news of the Trian army’s counterstrike would she commit. Until then, she would continue with the plan of harassment.
She risked a final glance over the crates and noticed the world darken as the drifting clouds clung tightly around Father Tumarr. The wrathful sun god would be blind to the coming moments and powerless to illuminate the danger his flock were heading towards. She took it as a good omen.
The heavy thump of metal hooves, pounding into the dirt, filled her large ears as the troop came to a halt.
‘What in blazes is going on here?’ the sergeant yelled. ‘You people clear this mess up at once or they’ll be consequences, by Dreaco!’
‘The rear axle is busted. We can’t move it.’ replied one of the Trians.
The sergeant ground his teeth as his patience thinned.
Shannis listened eagerly to the exchange as the actors pleaded for help, and grinned. She clasped her double-bladed sword, Veritas, tightly before taking a final breath. It was now or never.
‘For Trian!’ she yelled, leaping to the top of the crates. Her presence caused the actors to flee into the safety of nearby buildings before the carnage ensued.
Shannis smiled deviously as she locked eyes with the sergeant, who looked aghast at the stranger. A gentle breeze rustled her white fur, which was marred with streaks of black. She had a striking appearance that screamed danger to him.
In the next breath, the Prefect leapt forward with blazing speed. Her double-bladed sword lashed out and caught the unsuspecting sergeant’s throat, toppling him from the saddle. The sergeant’s body was still falling by the time she moved again, this time firing a controlled blast of amber energy, straight into the bemused soldiers standing behind their now dead leader. Two men died screaming as the fizzing ball exploded at their feet, maiming them instantly. The others froze in panic as Trians rushed out from stalls with weapons raised, yelling the All Father’s name. The Cowldonians had little time to react. The Vanari were on them before they knew it.
Veritas’s twin blades crackled with fire as Shannis expertly channeled Kier energy into the weapon. The beaten plates of the mechanized horse parted before its deadly touch as she effortlessly carved its head off, before changing into the mass of startled troops. She moved from one foe to the next in a dazzling display of skill, carving through men like they were untrained brutes. Nothing could stop her. The thrill of battle drove her senses to new heights with each kill.
After a few moments, the soldiers were dead. She was yelling orders for her troops to sweep down to the rear.
‘See to the prisoners.’ she cried, running to the nearest group of chained citizens. Shannis fired a controlled burst of energy from her finger, into the iron chains which bound them together.
‘Thank you, Long Fur. Our lives our in your debt.’ replied a frightened doe as her bonds crashed to the blood-caked dirt.
The Prefect looked at her sternly. ‘I am not a Long Fur,’ she said grudgingly. ‘Just a simple soldier, trying to save her country.’
‘But you move just like one. And that blade is unique.’ came a surprised reply. Shannis held off a reply as images of her youth suddenly flashed before her eyes. She swallowed her dry mouth and shook herself free of them.
‘If you truly want to help then spread the High Council’s word. The Vanari have been summoned. All shall heed the call.’ she replied firmly before striding away.
The Prefect slung her blade across her back and cast a weary gaze down the street as a beam of warm light broke through clouds. She scowled at its touch upon her white fur.
‘Hurry. The Dogs of Tumarr will send more in their place. And my blade’s thirst is not yet quenched!’


D.R. Hurley

Nineteen


‘Curse this to Atholly!’ yelped Nikita as the tiny current of churning energy exploded in her face. She shook her hand frantically in a futile attempt to numb the throbbing pain coursing through her fingers before sticking them into her mouth. A gentle chuckle to her left made her remaining eye crumple into a narrow slit, which she kept firmly rooted on the fire to her front.
‘You’re still trying to rush it. Summon the power slowly,’ cautioned Amros, trying to remove the humor from his voice. ‘Remember, you need time to adapt to the way Keir is channeled through your body now.’
‘Why didn’t anybody tell me this would happen before I took the oath?’ hissed the doe as she removed her fingers. ‘It’s a pretty dangerous thing to forget.’
‘Much has happened of late.’ the monk said dismissively while casting a discerning eye around their surroundings.
The party had made camp in small woodland area, several leagues north west of Ancorin and were sitting peacefully with the rushing sounds of the River Ammos spilling into the night. The day’s march from Ramool had not been as successful as they would have liked, but it was at least free from any contact with Trian patrols. They had journeyed along the river’s banks for much of that time on foot, the ogre dutifully carrying the crippled Emperor to speed up their pace. The hiring of a barge would have been ideal, but Offidius was quick to object, fearing they would be too easy a target for opportunist snipers on either side.
The doe looked at her companion, who had begun stoking the fire, and scowled, eager to continue her argument. ‘And that makes it alright? I could have brought the whole room down, not to mention blown off my arm.’
‘Well, you do keep succumbing to the fires of your heart. I have told you from the beginning, that needs to be controlled.’
‘Oh, so this is my fault?!’ she snapped.
Amros sighed as he continued to prod the embers.
Do you seek to mock me, Great One, by presenting the image of the past in her?
He turned to her slowly, seeing the frustration in her face. It reminded him of days gone by. ‘Of course it is. Perhaps if you’d shown a little more restraint back in the temple the Elders may have sided with your original plea of marching on the capital. It is a wonder they didn’t have you mucking out the stables for the next summer.’
‘They were never going to help,’ said Nikita. ‘I was foolish to think otherwise.’
‘They are helping,’ countered Amros, ‘just not the way you would have liked.’
‘Sending the entire order to provide aid for those dogs in Hythall was not what I intended.’
‘Yet it is still a worthy calling. To help those in desperate need is what we strive for.’
‘They’re missing the bigger picture, Amros. The enemy is still out there. Tearing apart our lands.’
‘You should be thankful they have allowed us to accompany the Cowldonains back to Altrad. After all, isn’t that what you wanted?’
The doe scoffed, turning her gaze. She knew deep down the monk was right. She was at least still heading for the General and, if her uncle’s words proved true, that would lead her to Callus. She would finally be able to unravel the cryptic message plaguing her thoughts.
Callus still lives. He alone knows the tale of your parents…
It bothered her greatly to know he should choose, of all things, to bring that up in his final moments. To learn the truth of her past? There was nothing more to learn. She knew the story perfectly. Why bring that up at the end? What difference would it make to her?
She plucked a stone from the ground and cast it angrily into a nearby bush, rustling the dry leaves.
Amros looked at her calmly. ‘Now please, try again. And this time, clear your heart of anger. Be like the gentle current of the river and bring it forth gently.’ he said softly.
Nikita looked up to the twinkling lights shining through the leafy canopy and sighed deeply. Her long face slumped onto her hand.
Why was it all so difficult? she wondered, scanning the wrinkled skin of her fingers. Her eye widened in disgust as a beam of silver light shone down on her. The twin moons’ crescent faces smiled deviously through the trees, clearly enjoying the display.
‘Curse you traitorous sisters.’ she hissed, spitting a wad of phlegm into the fire.
Amros shook his head. ‘That’s quite enough of that.’ he said, drawing the All Father’s mark across his chest while looking up at the moons.
The doe grunted, then tried again to summon an orb between her fingers. But just like before, the power came flooding back to her, encasing her hand in a blearing light. She panicked and cast the thing away before it swamped her. The fizzing orb left a trail of light as it sailed through the night, eventually slamming into a hunk of stone sticking out of the river. Shards of stone scattered across the water as the rock exploded, drawing a sneer of disapproval from the rest of their colleagues.
‘Great heavens, not again!’ exclaimed Offidius, flinching at the sound of another detonation. ‘That damned idiot is going to attract the entire Trian army to our position at this rate.’ The man snorted before returning his attention back to the bowl of stewed Nevinroot the monks had kindly provided. He looked at it disapprovingly and couldn’t tell what was worse, the damn food or the ogre’s infernal snoring.
The man cocked his head to regard the hulking brute, sprawled across the ground a short distance away, and scoffed. He resisted the urge to pour his bowl’s contents over Brutus’s head in hopes of stifling his racket but decided against it. He would need the energy in the coming days. He looked back to his bowl and felt his mood decline further.
A puff of steam vented into the night as he brought the meal closer. Offidius was pleased the ogre had the wit to retrieve his metal arm from the airship when he rescued him, and pleased further still when the Emperor kindly gave him the undamaged fuel cell from his ruined leg, having no use for it. A noble gesture indeed.
‘I don’t think she means to,’ offered Lucius, who had been studying the doe’s actions curiously for some time. ‘She seems unable to control her power. I heard her colleague say it has something to do with the fact her fur has been removed. Perhaps it acted like a dampener? Most interesting.’ he mused.
Offidius scoffed again. ‘Forgive me, sire, but I don’t care what the reason is. She needs to stop at once!’
‘You can’t just stop because something is difficult.’ said Amros as the doe shook her fists in rage after another disastrous attempt.
‘I’m going to maim myself before this works.’ she growled as Amros carefully placed another log onto the fire.
‘This serves as the first lesson. Master your temper as you master your life and take control of your emotions. The steady mind is prone to reason. An enraged one is plagued with bad choices and ultimately failure. Learn this, and then you will be able to move on to the more interesting techniques.’ said the monk, trying a new tactic.
This peaked the doe’s interest, who turned her head curiously. ‘Like what?’ she asked.
Amros shot a wary glance towards the Cowldonians before replying in a low voice. ‘Body supplementation.’
The doe frowned. ‘And what exactly is that?’ she said, her attention now captured.
Amros smiled slyly. ‘It’s a trick we use to sustain our muscles on long journeys, but it can be employed in other ways.’
‘Such as?’
‘It can supplement one’s speed and strength if used correctly. They say it was perfected by the first monk, Rallighus, on his pilgrimage to the four seas. The ability to channel Keir directly into our limbs in a bid to enhance them.’
‘I didn’t know that was possible!’ she whispered.
Amros cast a second gaze to the Cowldonians before continuing. ‘It is something which the order has kept secret for a thousand years. Nobody outside can know of it. Understand? Nobody.’
The doe grunted softly in response. ‘Teach me to do this.’ she whispered, drawing a smile across the old monk’s wrinkled face.
‘First, learn to control your power and then we will move on.’ he said, motioning for her to proceed again.
Nikita nodded, then returned her gaze back to the fire, drawing a long breath which she exhaled slowly. She rolled her head and shoulders then shook her hands in a bid to relax. The power which she felt coursing under her skin had been ever present since she released it in the temple, like a tingling sensation. She felt its pull constantly. It was nothing like before where she had to really focus her mind on bringing it to bare. Back then it was always distant, almost out of reach. She practically had to scream at it to come forth. Now, it threatened to topple her. In some ways it was a frightening affair. But also exhilarating to know that this kind of power was bound to her, to all Trians. Maybe the All Father was right to conceal its full potential from them.
She forced herself to remain calm and focused on the task at hand, calling it gently to her hand, trying to ease it into being with carful prods. Her companion looked on with bated breath, sensing she was finally beginning to understand. Perhaps he could tame this one after all? His chestnut eyes widened as he saw the air shimmer around her and felt his beating heart thump harder.
A short while later, Nikita watched in amazement as the gentle glow of golden light began to shine from her clawed fingers and smiled.


D.R. Hurley

Twenty


Leos peered over the wooden crate cautiously, hoping to get a better view of the Air fleet dock as the first rays of light began spilling over the horizon. His dark eyes scanned the area slowly, searching for a suitable vessel that would take them safely over the wall of rock surrounding Trian. There were a lot of people scurrying around. Men draped in dirty overalls tinkered with engines and refilled water reserves ready for the next assault. It looked as though the fleet was preparing to move out.
‘We only need a small one, Leos. Any Squire class will do.’ hissed Lyanna from behind.
Leos rolled his eyes at the naivety of her comment and continued to look. Silly girl. A Squire class’s engines were much too wheezy to be of any use. They were built for low level flying and certainly wouldn’t be strong enough to carry them over the Belt’s distant peaks. Any soldier could have told her that!
He paused for a time as the thought stuck with him.
Soldier…
Is that what I am?
What I’ve become?
Or what I’ve always been?
He shook his mind clear then continued to scan the dock in hopes of finding something more appropriate. There, by the service dump. A lone Bishop class attack vessel sat unguarded at the edge of the dock. It was a little bigger than he would have liked but should suit their needs.
Satisfied, he climbed back down, under the strain of stiff muscles, and rejoined the others. His recent trip down the mountain had taken its toll upon his body, and his limbs were dreadfully sore from holding onto the Volanti warrior’s back for so long. All in all, it had only taken a few hours to glide down to ground level, but the fear-filled trip was one that he’d hoped never to repeat again!
Lyanna on the other hand seemed to have forgotten her grief from parting with her Ennir once again and could be heard whooping in glee as they soared down the mountain at eye-watering speed. However, the thing that surprised Leos most of all was when they emerged from the great blanket of clouds the world was bathed in perpetual darkness. It was only midmorning by the time they had left the village. Indeed, the realm of the Elders was bathed in the gods’ power.
They’d spent the rest of the night gliding south across the rolling plains of the Frontier. It wasn’t until the fires of the mighty sun god began to grow did they see the jagged tips of rock rising out of the horizon.
Hotek and Sestik remained typically silent throughout the trip, sharing the occasional distrusting glance between themselves. Often Leos would sense Sestik’s lingering gaze upon him, which he tried hard to ignore. What was it about him that they found so repellent?
The birdmen’s eyes were razor sharp and spotted the Empire fleet nestled close to the foothills of the Namolean Belt, despite the gloomy light. Long spears held firmly between their powerful hands drew closer to their chest as they closed the distance. And so, hidden under the cover of a fading night, they slipped into the airship dock unnoticed to weigh up their next move.
‘Took you long enough.’ said Lyanna as Leos finally stepped down to the ground.
The Cowldonian ignored his companion’s comment and relayed his plan. ‘There’s a ship about a hundred paces away, looks like it’s just finished refueling. It seems ready for takeoff.’
‘Then we leave you here,’ announced Hotek firmly, ‘we have traveled far from the flock, and it is time to unite with them again.’ His deep voice rumbled softly amongst the group and drew an approving nod from his brother.
Leos shook his head. ‘No, you can’t leave. We need you to help us operate that thing.’
The two warriors looked at each other disapprovingly.
‘We bare no knowledge of how those flying contraptions work. Our presence would not aid you.’ replied Sestik flatly.
Leos scoffed. ‘We only need help getting it off the ground. Once we’re airborne, the two of us can take care of the rest and you can fly back to your precious mountain.’
The brothers paused at his words, seemingly offended. Lyanna was also taken by his abruptness and quickly stepped in. ‘What he means is, if you could just help us with the securing ropes, we would be most grateful.’
The brothers turned their steely gaze towards her. ‘You’re confident you can make it over the Belt in one of those? Air currents can be tricky.’ queried Sestik.
Leos smiled slyly. ‘Don’t worry about us, Lyanna’s an expert pilot. She can handle it.’
The Hibernian’s face hardened. ‘What’s that supposed to mean?’
‘Keep it down. They may hear you.’ he hissed, risking another glance.
Lyanna huffed as he peered over the crates again. ‘I don’t think all this sneaking around is a good idea, Leos,’ she said suddenly, ‘we should just walk up there and demand to take one.’
‘You think they’ll let a bunch of strangers take one of their fancy ships?’ he said over his shoulder.
‘Yes,’ she replied, ‘and besides, the Volanti are here. How could they refuse the Elder Race?’
‘You know we can’t take that chance.’ Leos cautioned while climbing back down.
Hotek grunted deeply. ‘The abomination is right. We should not expose ourselves to risk needlessly.’
‘Don’t call me that.’ snapped Leos, but his comment was ignored.
‘My brother speaks truth,’ added Sestik, ‘a quiet approach will suit your needs far better.’
Lyanna huffed, clearly unhappy about being dismissed, but decided to agree. ‘Fine. Then let’s get this over with. May the Maidens grant us with some luck.’ she muttered, glancing at the fading stars.

*****

‘What are you two doing here?’ yelled a grubby faced engineer when he caught sight of the group of civilians creeping towards him. He abandoned his task of fixing the vessel’s pontoons and pulled himself from under the hull.
Leos gasped when he saw the man getting to his feet, then raised a hand without thinking. The engineer froze as an unseen force gripped his body and began to shake. His sweaty face contorted into a mass of reddened features as he tried to break free, but it was no use. A few moments later, he collapsed.
Lyanna gasped in horror after witnessing the display. Her blue skin paled to see the man’s unmoving form slumped across the floor.
‘Don’t worry, he’s just asleep.’ said Leos as he felt her emerald eyes bore into him.
The young woman scowled, but forced herself to move on, running up the boarding plank as Leos dragged the body away. She found the squat form of the vessel’s pilothouse jutting up from the stern and quickly made her way over.
The large room was built to accommodate a crew of at least five and was studded with an ominous array of brass pipes, valves and various dials. The woman entered and quickly made for the main control panel, studying it intently. The pressure gauge’s needle trembled around its lowest marker, indicating the furnace was lit, but the system would take time to pressurize.
‘It’s going to take a few minutes for the engines to work.’ she said as a large mass entered the structure.
Hotek eyed his surroundings skeptically as the Hibernian got to work preparing the vessel for takeoff, twisting valves and opening the boiler vents. His large wings tucked neatly behind his back so he could move. The tiny bone totems tied to his feathers jangled softly as he shuffled around the cramped room. ‘This technology reeks of a race trying to outreach its purpose,’ the birdman said cautiously, ‘much has changed since my ancestors walked among you.’
Lyanna ignored his concerns and pushed past the giant to open another valve. ‘Now’s not the time to debate modern values, we need to get going. Now, be a dear and pull that orange lever over there will you.’ she asked tapping a gauge.
The Volanti warrior grumbled deeply for a moment but eventually obeyed. Clearly, the birdman had a distaste for technology, but it was not the time to discuss such things.
A loud hiss split the air as the lever fell. Lyanna looked up and smiled as the ship’s rotors began to move into their upward position.
‘Good. Now you and Sestik go and untie the mooring lines securing the ship please.’
The Volanti eyed her curiously. ‘How does a queen come to know the inner workings of these modern contraptions?’ he asked bluntly. His question caused her to pause.
‘Oh, it’s quite simple really,’ she said after a moment. ‘As a child, I became fascinated with the idea of cruising through the sky in one of these and asked my father to let the palace engineers teach me. Practically begged him in fact.’ A warm smile parted her tiny lips as she pictured the time her father finally gave in to her repeated pleas.
Hotek grunted, then left without another word. He strode on to the lengthy deck as the woman went back to the controls and cast his weary eyes towards his brother, who was standing at the ship’s bow.
Leos was already pulling in the boarding plank as the ancient walked past, grumbling quietly at the lack of help. He looked up in horror as the angered cries of Imperial soldiers caught his ear and cautiously peered over the ship’s railing. Numerous soldiers could be seen running towards their position with weapons drawn.
‘Belthor’s teeth, this isn’t good,’ he cursed, before helping the brothers untie the lines. ‘We need to go now, Lyanna!’ he hissed.
‘We can’t! She’s not ready. You’ll have to stall them!’ cried Lyanna from inside the pilothouse as she frantically worked the controls.
Leos groaned dismally and slapped a hand onto the railing. A stark idea struck him in that moment of desperation. ‘I’ll try to buy us some time.’ he said before running towards a nearby raking ladder and descended into the hull.
He dropped into the ship’s innards and hurried towards what he thought was its center, taking a few steady breaths to calm his breathing. The stale air was far warmer down hear. A tremble of vibration buzzed around his toes as the ship’s engine purred. Brass pipes lining the wall clattered as pressure in the system mounted.
Leos emptied his mind from all those distractions and forced himself to concentrate, feeling the dark power within come forth. ‘I hope this works.’ he muttered while clasping his hands.
A few moments later, they became wreathed in blur of fizzing energy, which grew brighter every second. When he could contain it no longer, Leos threw his arms wide and the light exploded. A giant dome of purple energy radiated out from his shaking body and passed through the wooden ship, rapidly swelling until it completely engulfed the Bishop class vessel. The soldiers outside skidded to a halt as a wall of shimmering light enveloped the airship. They stared at it fearfully for several moments before hacking at it, but their attacks were repelled by its crackling surface. Leos winced as the glittering blades bounced of the shield’s surface, feeling every blow.
‘I don’t think I can keep this up long. Get the engines ready now!’ he yelled. But his muffled cries were lost on the young woman as she stared open mouthed at the display, along with the two brothers.
‘By Rusco’s mane, the gods would frown upon this display!’ exclaimed Sestik, clasping a large totem which hung from his neck. His brother grunted deeply, eyes wide with disgust.
Lyanna could not help but agree. Never before had she seen such an overwhelming display of raw power. It frightened her. She struggled to shake herself free of the marvel and tried to refocus, knowing they still had a task to do. She eased a brass lever forward.
The hull mounted rotors stirred into life as the last rope came lose, indicating the system had finally pressurized. A tremor of movement swam through the vessel as the airship finally lifted off the dusty ground.
Leos ground his teeth as the ship jerked unexpectantly but was unable to maintain his balance. His mind lost focus on the delicate link as he tumbled to the deck, and the shield fizzled into nothing. He lay there unmoving, panting hard from the exertion forced upon his mind. Head throbbing, heart pounding. 
He gradually picked himself off the floor after what felt like minutes, but only moments had passed. His aching limbs burned in response to their call to movement. He hurried back to the ladder on unsteady legs, wiping his sweat-laced brow, and made his way topside. An amber sky mixed with shades of bronze and orange greeted him as he broke the surface, along with the piercing eyes of the Volanti warriors standing close by.
The brothers’ steely gaze remained fixed on the Cowldonian as he clambered onto the deck. Bodies poised; their long spears held firmly between strong hands. The tawny feathers covering their giant bodies quivered as the rushing wind caught them, along with the numerous trinkets hanging from their bone amour.
Leos eyed them both cautiously, sensing their unrest. The Volanti looked ready to strike, which made him nervous.
‘Are we clear of the camp?’ he asked coolly, hoping to lift the tension.
Hotek held back a response for several awkward moments. The air remained thick, but eventually he spoke. ‘We are safe, for now.’ he rumbled.
‘Though I fear not from within.’ added Sestik.
Leos frowned. ‘What’s that supposed to mean?’
Sestik’s eyes narrowed. ‘I sensed a terrible power lying within you when we first met. I underestimated the magnitude of its darkness.’
‘Darkness?’ scoffed Leos. ‘Is that what you think? I’ve just saved our lives.’
‘That remains to be seen.’ muttered Hotek, finishing his brother’s thoughts.
Leos exhaled sharply, his eyes darting between the two giants. ‘Look, whatever it is you think I am, I’m not. Ok? So stop judging me.’
‘A Cowldonian should never be able to wield that kind of power. The gods forbade it!’
‘Yes, I know that. Thank you for the reminder.’ replied Leos dryly.
The warrior studied him a while longer before speaking. ‘I know you are confused but I must warn you, tread lightly. If you chose to embrace this path, you must be wise to the danger it contains.’
‘What danger?’
‘Those that obtain power, far beyond their station, often succumb to it. I’ve seen it many times.’
‘So? What’s your point?’ snapped Leos.
‘My point is, son of Tumarr, to not let your emotions consume you. Vengeance is a powerful force. Do not let it control you and become the abomination they wanted.’
‘I’m not an abomination!’ he snarled, clenching his fists, ‘You think I wanted to be like this? You think I had a choice?’
‘There is always a choice, Leos.’
‘No, there isn’t. Not for me at least. I never asked for my life to be stolen from me. To endure years of torture behind a wall of glass. It’s not my fault.’
The man’s fists became wreathed in purple fire as his anger flared. Hotek stared deep into the Cowldonian’s dark eyes and saw nothing but hatred. After a long, tense moment, the Volanti calmly looked down to his shaking fists and then back.
‘You wish to strike at me because I speak the truth?’ he said coolly. Leos ground his teeth, holding his gaze. Eventually, he flexed his throbbing fingers and the power dispelled. 
Several sharp thuds gained his attention as arrows slammed into the hull. Their crystal tips shattered into a blaze of lilac fury.
Leos sneered as the fire’s dark fumes stung his nostrils. He leaned over the rails and saw a huge shadow rising to meet them. ‘Another airship!’ he yelled as a Duke class cruiser loomed into view, spitting more arrows as the crew tried desperately to bring them down. Leos knew the tiny hafts would do little against the attack vessel’s armored hull, but if any one of them struck the gasbag above it would be a different story.
‘They intend to follow.’ Sestik bellowed as they continued their ascent into the heavens.
‘Not if I can help it.’ said Leos, pushing past the ancient creatures blocking his path and headed to the stern. He looked down to the pursuing vessel and thrust out both hands. An orb of dark light formed in his shaking palms, then surged downward with blistering speed. No sooner was it released; the man saw his error. His anger had controlled him once again, just like he had been trained to do. It sickened him to have succumbed to it, but it was too late. The crackling sphere slammed into the gasbag of the Duke class cruiser, tearing through its flimsy surface, much to the horror of the crew. A pillar of raging fire erupted seconds later as the flammable gases inside the airship’s gasbag suddenly ignited in a spectacular display. Dawn became day as the explosion tore through the vessel, ripping it to shreds. Their own ship shuddered violently as a torrent of superheated air washed over the vessel, but the Hibernian managed to hold their course.
‘What in Tumarr’s name are you thinking, Leos?’ yelled Lyanna, running onto the deck to see the remains of the giant vessel plummet to the ground.
Leos shrugged awkwardly. ‘I … just wanted to buy us more time to get away. You should be happy.’ he replied, turning his eyes back to the disappearing ship. He noted the distant screams of the doomed crew carry on the wind, followed by more explosions as the smoking airship careered into the dock. It brought him a faint smile.
‘Happy, are you serious?’ the woman screeched. ‘You’ve killed an entire crew and god knows how many others below.’
‘I’m sorry, okay. I wasn’t thinking. But at least think of the bigger picture. Now they’ll be too busy sorting out that mess to chase us.’ he said, turning to meet her angered stare.
‘That’s not the point, Leos. Lives have been lost needlessly.’
‘It’s only a fraction of what the Empire has taken from Trian.’ countered Leos.
Lyanna shook her head. ‘You don’t know the war’s started yet.’
‘Yes, I do. We all do. Don’t pretend it hasn’t.’
‘The Cowldonain is right. War has begun,’ said Hotek suddenly, turning their heads. ‘And though, it pains me to say it. We are safe from pursuit.’
‘So that’s it then,’ said Lyanna, throwing her arms in the air. ‘It’s okay for us to kill whenever we want because there’s a war on?’ The Hibernian’s face darkened noticeably as her anger flowed.
Leos shrugged again. ‘If needed, yes. I’ll do whatever it takes to stop General Zion.’
The woman scoffed. ‘By becoming just like him. Where’s the sense in that?’
Leos became rigid as the words bit deep. ‘There is no other way. Violence is the only thing he knows.’
‘You don’t know it’ll come to that, Leos.’
‘Yes, I do. I know more than any what that man’s capable of.’ he hissed.
He kept his eyes locked on the woman’s furious gaze for several moments, before she stormed away.
Lyanna’s mind boiled angrily as she went back to the pilothouse and gripped the helm tightly, muttering obscene curses in her tongue. She watched the man walk across the deck and yanked the wheel, enjoying the sensation as he stumbled. A childish move that was returned with Leos’s shaking fist. His reaction caused a sly grin to spread across her youthful face, but it quickly fell as she detected the presence of another being enter the room.
‘I thought you said you were leaving once we’re safe?’ she said as Hotek moved close. The giant bird’s face remained neutral as he regarded her.
‘Perhaps. But I think it’s best we stay awhile longer before heading back to the flock.’ he rumbled.
Lyanna scoffed. ‘Whatever you think.’ She kept her eyes firmly set on the horizon until the Volanti left.
Leos’s distant form could be seen standing at the bow, his body slumped over the rails. She tore her emerald eyes from him and fixed them to the path ahead.
‘This had better be worth all the hassle.’ she muttered. But as time passed, the Hibernian found it difficult to ignore the growing fear gnawing at her soul. She knew deep down her torment was far from over.


D.R. Hurley

Twenty One


The tattered banners of the Fourteenth Battalion sliced through the air as the infamous unit thundered across the Trian countryside. The steel mass of mechanical steeds left a trail of blackened fumes in their wake, choking the air as they raced towards Hythrall. Their metal hides once sparkled like new, but now were matted with the dried blood of their hated foe.
Captain Parman stared vacantly into the horizon as the group ploughed through another wheat field. Content on driving his men towards their target by the shortest means possible, the officer chose to abandon the main trail south, which snaked annoyingly around several smaller settlements, and cut through a large farming district, sparing little thought for lush surroundings.
The tantalizing presence of the General’s words danced playfully around his eager mind for most of the journey.
See this done, and I’ll make you a Major!
The words echoed over and over. The sweet promise of promotion brought a swell of emotions within the young Captain’s breast. Finally, he would receive a title deserving of his stature and deem himself worthy to stand beside his ancestors in the pages of history.
They broke onto another track and continued without faltering, leaving the trampled kernels for the worms. It was then the officer spotted a small settlement off their flank, which looked remarkably intact. Could it be that despite the General’s infinite wisdom, the old dog had failed to see the strategic importance of driving fear into every home this despicable land fostered?
A tight smile formed across his youthful face.
‘What do you say boys? Fancy a quick warm up to get the blood going?’ he cried, raising his sword-arm towards the intended target.
The men of the Fourteenth cheered merrily in response to his offer. The armored hooves wheeled to close in on their new prey.

*****

‘Do you really have to breathe so heavily?’ questioned Lucius as another blast of warm air rained down from above, making him sneer. His one leg swung forcefully in the air as the towering brute cradled him tightly between his massive arms. The ogre’s strength was vast, and so far, hadn’t grumbled once about his charge of carrying the Emperor. He grunted happily to himself before turning his ugly face to meet him. ‘Brutus try not to anger use again, Lord-Boss.’ he grumbled deeply, revealing a mouth full of blackened teeth.
Lucius tried his best not to balk and managed a weak smile in response. Oh, how he longed to walk again. The continual pulse coming from Brutus’s nostrils, and the foul stench from his mouth when he spoke were becoming unbearable.
‘I don’t like the idea of traveling across open ground, my lord. We’re too exposed.’ grunted Captain Offidius as the tiny party continued to trudge across the grassy fields.
Lucius knew the man’s protest was in vain but found it a welcome distraction from his current predicament. ‘I’m afraid we don’t have any choice, Captain. Like it or not, the main path to Altrad is far from direct and would add several days to our trip. We just can’t afford to waste that amount of time. Who knows what foul deeds Marcus would commit if we’d delayed further?’
Nikita’s large ears pricked as she quietly listened to the exchange from the group’s head. She scoffed before muttering to herself, tired of the old man’s grumblings. ‘Who are you afraid of meeting out here, Captain?’ she asked slyly, stopping to face them. ‘Perhaps more of your men? Wouldn’t they simply join with us upon seeing your precious Emperor?’
‘I fear, they may see us as your prisoners and begin an attack. Risking your lives.’
The doe scoffed again, before breaking into a laugh. ‘I fought your troops before and wasn’t impressed. Believe me, we’re completely safe from danger.’ she chuckled, striding away.
The veteran officer’s face reddened as he ground his teeth. The tiny servos in his arm whirled as he clenched his fist, releasing a puff of vapor into the air. ‘Is that so? Perhaps your confidence is misplaced, Trian. To me, that fresh wound upon your face says otherwise.’ he countered.
The doe’s tail became rigid as she suddenly halted. The ghastly image of a pale creature flashed before her eyes as she gently pressed her clawed fingers on the leather strap covering her eye socket. ‘That … was a mistake. It won’t happen again.’ she growled, turning to face him. The doe’s long face twisted into a snarl, revealing her canines. Offidius held his ground as she eyed him dangerously, meeting her with his own steely gaze.
‘Enough of this!’ cried Lucius angrily. ‘Stand down Offidius. The pair of you are acting like children.’
‘Don’t think you can command me, Emperor. We are not in your golden lands now.’ said Nikita.
‘This brat’s insolence knows no bounds, sire. Let me teach her some manners.’ Offidius pleaded.
The doe frowned. ‘I’d like to see you try, old man-’
‘Look, smoke is rising from that settlement!’ shouted Amros, breaking the tension. The party turned to see the hairless monk pointing towards a distant cluster of buildings across the next field.
Brutus stomped forward, under the Emperor’s command, to survey the scene, along with the others. A pillar of black smoke drifted gently over the thatched roofs.
‘Hamiya’s breath! Their attacking simple villagers,’ exclaimed Lucius, raising a hand to his mouth.
‘Welcome to the war, Emperor.’ muttered the doe.
‘But what are they doing this far south? I thought you said they were camped up in Altrad.’ said Lucius, ignoring her comment.
‘They are! At least they were,’ replied Offidius, moving to his side. The grizzled soldier squinted as he caught sight of a tattered banner passing between the buildings. ‘Belthor’s teeth, it’s the Fourteenth Battalion. Captain Parmen’s unit. I see the lad is up to his old tricks again.’
‘We must stop him immediately and save those people.’ said Lucius.
‘That might be difficult, sire. The boy’s bloodlust is ferocious. Especially if the battle takes him.’
‘He will heed his Emperor or be stripped of his rank.’ countered Lucius.
‘If we waste any more time talking, there won’t be anyone left to save. Come on!’ yelled the doe and they hurried towards the farmland.

*****

‘Taste death, Trian dog!’ yelled Parman as he ran another villager through. The brown furred Skritt screamed in agony as the youth ripped the short blade imbedded in his arm free, then paused to spit on its writhing body. They were all deserved of death, and he would give it to them.
He looked about the sea of carnage and smiled. Soldiers galloped between stone buildings on their mounts, intent on running down their prey. Parmen knew this maelstrom of violence wouldn’t last long and wanted to savor it. His men had the advantage of numbers and were clearly the superior fighting force. He almost felt saddened there wasn’t more of a fight to be had.
In that moment, a terrible cheer flooded his hearing, bringing his mind back to the battle.
Parmen was shocked to see a large group of Trians, brandishing swords, charging towards his position. They came out of nowhere, jumping out of windows or charging through the high grass fields. A white furred Trian with black streaks led the charge, bearing a twin-bladed sword. The weapon burst into fire as the rodent drew close. Her fury met the tiny clusters of bemused soldiers with un-matched skill, and quickly set to work carving into the notorious unit. Men began to fall as nimble warriors leaped gracefully between the clumsy contraptions that were their mounts, catching necks with their blazing weapons.
Parmen could only watch in horror as his beloved unit was ripped apart. He roared in anger, while bringing his steed about, swinging his sword arm to loosen stiff muscles. He gunned the power regulator hard, driving his mount into the largest group of upstarts he could see. His sword raked across a civilian’s back as he charged.
‘The Dark Uncle take you all!’ he cried. But his dashing counter was short lived, for in the next moment, he was sent toppling from his mount as a large mass barreled into him.
Parmen’s world spun violently until the hard earth found him. A painful grunt escaped his youthful lips as he crashed into the ground and tumbled away, settling some distance from his mechanical steed. He shook his throbbing head groggily and saw the towering form of an ugly brute smashing its ham-sized fists into the contraption’s torso, making a mockery of its metal plates.
Parmen stared, half-dazed at the ogre, unable to comprehend what he was seeing. What in Dreaco’s name was it doing here? That race was bound to serve in the Empire only.
It must be a renegade! he presumed, feeling his resentment towards the creature rise. How dare it turn from the loving arms of the Empire to serve these Slarr loving dogs!
The youth got to his feet and drew his father’s sword, pointing its glittering tip towards this new foe.
‘I’ll teach you to strike the hand which saved your stupid race!’ he snarled through gritted teeth as he issued a challenge.
Brutus looked up from the pile of broken metal and cocked his round head as he tried to process the man’s words. A stupid grin spread far across his ugly features before he chuckled deeply.
His response caused the youth’s face to darken with fury. How dare this insolent creature insult him so. Not only did it choose to shame him with such a cowardly move, but now he was laughing! If it wasn’t for the blinding sun, he would have seen the brute and avoided the clumsy blow.
His sword rose high as he prepared to charge, but found it met with the crude steel of a mechanical arm clamping around it, which caused a tremor to run down his arm. Parmen flinched as his eyes locked onto those of his old colleague, Captain Offidius, standing beside him.
‘What’s wrong lad? Not content with attacking your foes so turned on your allies?’ he said dryly.
Parmen reeled at the officer’s words and ripped the blade free. His face sneered in disgust. ‘What in Tumarr’s name are you doing here, Offidius?’ he asked bitterly, sheathing his weapon.
A crafty smile spread across the old man’s face. ‘Right where I need to be, it seems,’ he said. ‘Now, call your men off at once before it’s too late. You are to be re-assigned.’
The youth scoffed at his words, before breaking into a bout of patronizing laughter. ‘On who’s authority?’ he said, pointing his sword arm at him. Offidius held his ground as a booming voice cut through the screams of the dying.
‘The Emperor of Cowldonia!’
The youthful features of Parmen’s face suddenly dropped into a slacked mess as he recognized the sound of his commander in chief’s voice. He turned hesitantly to see the angered face of Lucius Gildane hobbling down the street with the help of a robed monk.
‘You and your men are to stand down at once, Captain. Trian is not your enemy.’ commanded Lucius.
The sight of his Emperor standing before him should have been enough for the youth’s anger to vaporize and obedience take over. But the eerie speech of a forgotten language rung loudly between his ears, preventing him from kneeling. Its seductive voice screamed words of caution to the youth. Even though he couldn’t understand the words, he knew their meaning.

…be strong, young wolf. He will seek to turn you from your quest. Look how he sides with them…

Parmen gasped as the grim realization struck him. His eyes passed quickly between the crippled man and the hooded Skritt he leaned on for aid. ‘Lord Zion was right. The Trians have brain washed you!’ he breathed, staring at the hairless monk.
The distant voices grew in strength as their hold on him tightened.
Yesss, now you understand… they hissed in unison.
Lucius shook his head. ‘Don’t be a fool, son. The General has lied to you. He’s lied to all of us. Do not be a part of his plan.’ he said.
The voices came again.
You see. He lies to us even now, to tempt you from the path of righteousness…
Parmen ground his teeth. ‘It is you who are the fool, to think you could sell out your own country to this scum.’
‘Belthor’s teeth, get a grip of yourself, Joseph. That’s the Emperor you’re talking to!’ shouted Offidius, his face reddening at the boy’s insolence.
Parmen rounded on the grizzled officer, his features twisting in anger. ‘He’s no Emperor of mine,’ spat the youth as a sudden madness caught his eye. ‘How could you do this to us? How could you turn?’
‘Now look here, son. I don’t know what that man’s done to you, but I implore you to come to your senses. Marcus has betrayed us all. We must unite to end his senseless slaughter.’
‘The only thing that must end is your treacherous life, traitor!’
In a flash, the youth leapt forward and swung his arm, drawing a line of blood across the Emperor’s check.
Lucius gasped as warm fluid trickled down his face but was pushed to the ground before he could react. A clawed hand reached out and fired a pulse of golden energy into the crazed officer’s chest.
Parmen screeched as the wave slammed into him, knocking him away. He crashed into a stack of crates, some distance away.
Groaning wearily, the youth slowly pushed his aching body up to see the hairless features of the robed monk standing where he’d been. His clawed hand blazed with golden light as he summoned a crackling ball of energy.
‘Perhaps, it is time for you to leave?’ said Amros calmly. His feline eyes bore deeply into the panicked officer.
Parmen looked fearfully as Trian warriors began to circle him. It was in that moment he realized the guttural screams of battle had suddenly subsided. His beloved battalion had been defeated. His anger surged to know this betrayal had come at the cost of his men.
Desperate for a way out, his bloodshot eyes scanned the village in hopes of rescue. A heart-felt prayer to Dreaco passed his cracked lips when a metal horse slowly trotted by, absent rider.
Scrambling to his feet, the officer turned and bolted for it.
Nikita tried to give chase but was held back by Amros’s raised arm.
‘No, his time will come.’ he said calmly, turning to meet her.
The doe scoffed. ‘You’re just going to let him escape?’
The monk’s face remained neutral. ‘It is not our right to grant death.’
The doe snarled defiantly but held her ground, clearly dissatisfied. She watched angrily as the youth clambered aboard the cantankerous contraption and fired up the power regulator to maximum output. A blacked trail of fumes stained the air as he fled the settlement.
‘He will warn the General of your coming.’ said Offidius as he pulled the Emperor to his feet. Lucius groaned from the effort but nodded in thanks.
‘He is beyond us, for now.’ he said, wrapping his arm around the giant man. He shuffled awkwardly towards the Trian monks with the Captain’s aid. ‘It appears I owe you my life. Thank you.’ he said to Amros, extending his free hand.
The monk smiled warmly, wrinkling his long face. He clasped Lucius’s hand and nodded. ‘I am, but a servant of the All Father,’ he said solemnly. ‘if you’ll permit me.’
Amros reached out and gently cupped the Emperor’s wounded check with his hand. The action caused Offidius to flinch, but he was stilled by Lucius, who allowed the monk to proceed. Golden light washed over his face as the Trian muttered a short incantation. After a few moments, Amros’s hand fell to his side. The wound had all but vanished.
Lucius nodded his thanks. The monk replied by drawing the All Father’s mark across his chest, then craned his head towards the mysterious group of Trians, who were tending to their wounded.
‘I think it’s time we negotiate with these new arrivals. Perhaps they may be of some use?’ he said hopefully.


D.R. Hurley

Twenty Two


‘I can’t believe you’ve agreed to this without consulting me. It’s ludicrous!’
‘That’s because I knew my breath would have been wasted if I did. Things wouldn’t be moving.’
‘You must step back and reconsider.’
‘No. I’m doing exactly what needs to be done, Rykun. Trian needs to stand firm in the face of our tormentors. The Cowldonians have to pay.’
‘You think one Trian’s life is worth all of this? Worth the safety of our land? Our homes? The world would turn against us once they learn the truth. Cowldonia will declare war, and throw everything at us.’
‘Oh please. They wouldn’t even get past the bronze gates of Hythrall. Their army would be swept down the Rakooth passage, humbled by our might.’
‘Such arrogance. Such narrowminded vison! I can’t believe I’m hearing this from a High Councillor. From my sister!’
‘You know I speak the truth, Rykun.’
‘I know your anger is fuelled by the fires of your grief, but I Implore you, think about what you’re doing. If the public finds out about your involvement with the FOT, it will be the end of you.’
‘Spare me your sermons, little brother. It will do no good. My mind is set. This has to be the way.’
‘Then you shall receive no help from me. I will not stand by and play a part in this unspeakable act.’
‘You are my Long Fur, and will do as commanded!’
‘I am your brother, Freya. I will not watch you be consumed with vengeance. It only leads to ruin.’
‘Then you are of no use to me, little brother. I will do this alone.’


Prefect Shannis tore a length of fabric from a dead soldier’s tunic and proceeded to wipe Veritas clean as the rest of the Vanari reformed.
‘Ready yourselves quickly. We can spare only a few minutes before departing.’ she yelled to her followers. A chorus of weary responses came back as her troops tended to the wounded.
Wiping the last remains of blood from her weapon, Shannis noticed a small party of Timmetan monks walking towards her and rolled her eyes.
‘Great, that’s all I need.’ she muttered, returning to her blade. But as the party drew near, the Prefect saw the presence of a hulking ogre amongst the group who was cradling an old man in its trunk-like arms. Intrigued, she grunted softly and watched them approach. ‘Perhaps I judged the scene too quickly? More necks for you to taste.’ she said to Veritas with a smile.
She glanced across the village then noticed Haddlish’s scurrying form darting between Imperial corpses, no doubt hoping to find something of worth to scavenge. Her eyes narrowed as she continued to watch the former plantation worker. The fact these were Cowldonian dogs didn’t make stealing any less tolerable. Looting the dead was a terrible habit that she utterly despised and one which she would quickly put right.
Haddlish! she snapped, causing him to freeze. The Trian’s tail went rigid as her voice echoed loudly inside his mind. Cease that infernal robbery at once. Secure the southern trail for our departure. I don’t want us to run into anymore patrols. Understand?
Haddlish looked up and found his leader’s piercing gaze all too unnerving. His hazel eyes flashed towards the fine-looking sword the dead soldier was holding, where it lingered for a time. The sharp tone of the Prefect’s voice entering his conscious once again forced him to abandon his quest. He sighed deeply then gave a reluctant nod in return before trotting off, chunnering to himself.
Shannis grunted as she watched him leave and returned to her weapon, noticing the sound of approaching feet getting louder. She kept her jade eyes focused on polishing her silver blade as one of the monks addressed her.
‘Hail, Prefect. I am Amros. Priest of Ramool. I come to you now with words of gratitude for you and your warriors’ impeccable timing-’
‘Spare me your sermons, monk. I have no need of it. Your breath would be better spent tending to the wounded then filling my ear with your wasted drivel.’ she replied firmly.
Amros was taken back by her hostility but remained calm. ‘Of course. It is the least we can do. A moment longer and I fear this skirmish may have turned out differently. Praise the All Father for guiding you here.’
‘It wasn’t the All Father, you fool. We were recruiting warriors for the Vanari when the Cowldonian’s attacked. Their reckless charge could have been heard from the other side of the Belt, and gave us ample time to prepare a trap.’
Amros smiled calmly and drew back his hood, exposing his inflamed skin to the world. Shannis saw the move and sneered.
‘Don’t be so sure to doubt Slarr’s will. Perhaps it was by his hand that you came to this place, at this exact point in time.’
‘Enough of your preaching, monk. My time is short, and if you haven’t noticed, there is a war to be won.’ she snapped, thrusting her blade into the ground.
The monk’s smiled faded. ‘That is precisely why we are here, child. The All Father chose, in his great wisdom, to lead us to you, and blessed us with a gift that may serve you well.’
Shannis looked past the monk and eyed the party warily. She lay Veritas across her lap and huffed.
‘Oh, now I understand,’ she said, shaking her head, ‘you people are all the same. Afraid to get your hands dirty. Well, so be it. If you want me to relieve you of those prisoners, then just go ahead and say it. It makes no difference. I would, after all, be more than happy to oblige.’
Amros frowned. ‘You seem to have mistaken my meaning.’ he replied, finally showing a little emotion.
Lucius cursed under his breath, and ordered Brutus to take him forward so he could intervene.
The Prefect’s eyes widened as the lumbering brute strode forth, and clenched her blade tightly. She studied the ogre carefully with a practised eye, judging how best to dispatch the creature, but remained calm, despite its towering presence. She watched curiously as it carefully placed the old man it carried on to the ground. A large, bear-like Cowldonian adorned with a mutton-chop beard, came to support him since his leg was missing.
‘You are the leader of this band?’ the stranger asked in a noble voice.
Shannis looked up at him. Her long face twisted in disgust. ‘Do not speak to me, prisoner. Your presence insults me.’
‘Look, I know what I am about to say may confuse you, but please, hear me out. I come offering terms.’
‘Terms?’ she barked, ‘You dare speak to me of terms? You’re fortunate you were captured by this deluded bunch of fools and not true Trian warriors. Your soul would have long since parted this world.’
Nikita’s robed body went rigid as the words stung her. She stepped forward with clenched fists, but found herself halted as Amros’s hand came to her shoulder.
‘Then at least do me the curtesy of telling me your name.’ said Lucius.
Shannis grunted. ‘In the coming moments, if your death pleases me then perhaps, I will utter it to your corpse, prisoner.’
‘There are no prisoners here, my child. I assure you of that,’ said Amros quickly, ‘these men travel freely amongst our group and seek only aid in reaching Altrad. Something we thought you may help with.’
The Prefect frowned. ‘Then clearly the hollowed walls of your rotting temple have kept you blind to the murder these dogs have caused if you think I would do such a thing.’ she snapped, thrusting Veritas into the ground again.
Nikita held back a smile at the truth of her words.
‘Please, child. I know you’re suffering. But this anger solves nothing.’ said Amros.
Shannis narrowed her eyes. ‘I’m sure you would feel differently if you’d witnessed the slaughter we have.’ she said acidly.
The Prefect leapt to her feet and fixed Lucius with a hard stare, revealing her fangs. ‘All the murder. All the death. This senseless violence the Empire has brought to our lands. And for what? A simple lie? No, I will not barter with you.’ she snarled, pointing an accusing finger at him.
‘We just want to help.’ pleaded Lucius, but his words served only to provoke her further. 
‘Look around. My people lay butchered in the streets, and you come here begging for aid? The only aid I will grant you is death!’
In a flash, the Prefect spun on her heal and ripped her blade free, whipping her tail around to catch Amros’s face. As the monk stumbled, Shannis brought Veritas down in a two-handed stroke, straight for Lucius’s head. The man’s life would have ended had it not been for Nikita, who reacted to the attack with blistering speed.
Leaping in front of the old man, the doe brought both arms up to meet the blow head on, instantly channelling a burst of Kier into her locked forearms as the blow struck. A flash of golden light exploded between the two as the shield repelled the blow, blinding the enraged Prefect.
Shannis stumbled backwards and shook her eyes clear, a mix of surprise and anger ran across her snarling features. She looked aghast as the monk, who had so far remained silent, adopted a crouched fighting stance. ‘That move, I’ve seen it before. You are no monk!’ she gasped.
The doe remained still, except for the cruel smile that grew across her long face. ‘And what makes you the expert?’ she replied dryly.
Shannis stiffened. ‘Tell me who are you. I wish to know.’
Nikita took a few measured breaths to calm her breathing while lowering her smoking arms. The sly grin remained which gave her hairless face a sinister look. ‘In the coming moments perhaps, if your death pleases me, I will utter it to your corpse.’ she said coolly.
The Prefect held her gaze for a few, agonizing moments, then grunted amusedly. ‘If you wish to be impressed then please, come at me again. I will send you to our deity.’
Nikita’s inflamed skin twisted into a snarl at the jibe. She took a menacing step forward, accepting the challenge, but was stopped when Amros intervened.
‘This act of violence is against Slarr’s teachings. We do not fight our own. Nikita, stand down at once and remember who you are.’
Grudgingly, the doe stepped back with fists clenched.
‘Forgive her. She is new to our order.’ said Amros.
‘At least she has the spirit to stand up for what she believes. Even if it is misguided.’ countered Shannis quickly.
‘This bickering gets us nowhere. Now listen to me!’ snapped Lucius, finally losing his temper.
‘Why in all the lands should I listen to you?’ said Shannis.
‘Because I am Lucius Gildane. Emperor of Cowldonia! And it was my army that set forth to these lands with hopes of regaining my son. Now I’m here to make amends.’
The Prefect’s eyes widened. Her clawed hand tightened around her sword. ‘If you are indeed the man you claim to be, then why in Slarr’s name would I help you? And why would you stop me?’ she said, turning to the doe. ‘Present your neck, old man, and see justice fulfilled.’
‘Because we need him alive. He’s no good to us dead.’ said Nikita.
‘The monk’s right, it would do you no good,’ said Offidius quickly, ‘the Empire would fight all the more to hear of his loss. The best chance you have to end this war is for the Emperor to confront General Zion and bring him in for his traitorous crimes.’
‘You really think I’m going to fall for this nonsense?’ said Shannis. Her anger vanished as a bout of laughter took her.
‘It’s true,’ said Nikita, ‘the General is in Altrad, so that’s where we’re headed. We travel to the capital to end this war.’
Shannis looked over the doe sceptically. ‘And what makes you think he is there?’
‘Because it’s the place where he killed my … where I crossed blades with him.’
‘You fought him and lost?’ the Prefect scoffed. ‘The scrap of respect you’d earned has swiftly parted.’
The doe chewed her lip at the jibe, but forced herself to remain calm. ‘I was prevented the kill by one of his strange creatures. The one that did this to me. And destroyed the Rayamthos Dam, right after the Emperor arrived.’ replied the doe, pointing to her eye patch.
Shannis grunted. ‘I know about Hythrall. It’s why we’re headed south. To help.’
‘There is no need. Our order has already gone forth to provide aid.’ said Amros.
Shannis scoffed. ‘You mean you actually got off your hinds and did something useful? I’m almost impressed.’
‘It was Nikita’s doing,’ said Amros, ‘her belief started us on this venture.’
The Prefect’s jade eyes looked to the doe’s and nodded approvingly.
‘The tragedy in Hythrall is beyond us now. We must focus on Zion,’ said Lucius, eager to move things along. ‘We must go to Altrad now. Will you help us or not?’
Shannis considered his words carefully. ‘First Hythrall, then the snivelling officer. It would appear your General seeks to kill you, Emperor.’
‘His madness is beyond reason.’ replied Lucius firmly.
‘No, it is not.’ said Nikita, drawing all heads. ‘I felt a strange power wash over him the last time we fought. I noticed it again when that snotty looking Captain attacked. I think something holds some sway over them.’
‘I bet it’s those pale creatures,’ said Offidius quickly, ‘the General has been acting strange ever since revealing them. They may indeed have some hold on him.’
‘Belthor’s teeth, you mean he brought those poor souls he was experimenting on?’ exclaimed Lucius.
The grizzled officer shook his head. ‘The only thing I know is that there is nothing poor about them. They have terrible power. You saw what happened to the gates at Hythrall. That was them. Who knows what else they can do?’
‘Then we mustn’t delay,’ said Lucius, ‘the situation is dire. We move at once.’ The grizzled officer’s eyes hardened as he nodded.
Lucius ordered for Brutus to pick him up and once in the safety of the brute’s arms asked the monks to lead them on.
The group promptly moved out, leaving the bemused Prefect in their wake.
Shannis muttered a curse then turned her back on them, thankful they were gone. She returned her attention to her own task as several weary Trians rode into the village. Their hairy mounts foaming at the mouths after a long ride.
‘Prefect Shannis, thank the All Father we’ve found you!’ cried a bleary eyed Trian, bringing his Brer to her side. Shannis thrust Veritas into the ground as the soldier retrieved an animal tusk carry tube from his waist and handed it to her.
‘What’s all this about?’ she asked, unravelling the length of parchment the tube contained.
The messenger’s face was wracked with concern. ‘I bring word from the Council. A large body of Imperial troops have been spotted leaving Altrad under the cover of night, not two days ago.’
‘Which direction are they headed?’ asked Shannis as her eyes scanned the message, but a rising dread in her heart told her she already knew.
‘East. They’re heading east. All Prefects are to return immediately with any forces they can.’
The Prefect’s eyes widened. ‘I’m too late. They’ve been discovered.’ she muttered, looking around her own feeble group of troops. In her short time amassing the Vanari, Shannis had only managed to gather a few hundred fighters. A pitiful amount considering what was needed. She prayed the other Prefects had been more successful.
Shannis screwed the message into a ball and tossed it to the ground, setting it ablaze with a burst of light from her finger. ‘Tell the Council to hold tight. I’m on my way.’ she said, retrieving her blade.
Shannis yelled to her troops to move out, but not before her eye caught the group of monks leaving the village. She watched them for some time, conflicting thoughts boiled within. Her gaze shifting between them and her own forces. If the old man was indeed telling the truth, then perhaps he might be able to stop them from walking into a slaughter. Not that she was afraid of such things. The Prefect was proud in the knowledge that she would gladly give her life to save her country, but also saw there was no sense in wasting it.
A heavy breath escaped her lungs as she grudgingly accepted what needed to be done.

*****

‘Hurry, this venture has cost us much time.’ said Lucius as the group waded across another lush field. His words caused a mutter of curses to escape the doe’s lips as she rubbed her arms, most of which were directed at the obnoxious Prefect they had encountered. Amros spared her a sympathising glance and moved close.
‘I feel I should congratulate you on your performance earlier. You seemed to have taken well to my teachings.’ he whispered.
The doe spared him a weak smile. ‘I didn’t really have time to think about it. Just an old reflex coming to the fore. If I’d remembered I didn’t have my vambraces then I wouldn’t have acted. She could have cut my arms off.’
‘And yet, you employed an excellent degree of control with your feelings and produced a perfect defence for another’s life. Perhaps there is hope for you after all.’ he said with a sly grin. Nikita grunted softly and smiled back.
They travelled in silence a little longer, barely in the shadow of the smoking settlement when the sound of trampling hooves caught their attention.
‘Oh, you’ve got to be kidding me!’ said Nikita as she spotted a white furred Trian thundering towards them on a snorting camlid. She shook her head, sighing deeply as the Prefect continued to wave frantically from her mount. Her long face appeared devoid of her previous anger which only added to the doe’s resentment.
‘Wait! If you truly wish to help, then stop. I implore you!’ Shannis yelled as she closed in on the group.
Brutus snorted harshly while turning to her voice, but was told to ignore her and keep moving. ‘We don’t have time for any more games.’ said Lucius, drawing a grunt from the brute as the Prefect drew level.
Shannis stared at the old man, her eyes betrayed a glimmer of desperation before she composed herself. ‘It seems the All Father favours you, for I have decided to reconsider your offer and allow you to accompany me.’
‘Gods’ breath, the neck on this one!’ scoffed Nikita, causing a flash of irritation across Shannis’s face.
Lucius also remained sceptical and eyed her curiously. ‘And what has brought on this sudden change of fortune?’ he asked warily.
Shannis grinned slyly, then wheeled her mount in front of the ogre’s ponderous advance, forcing him to halt. ‘The man you seek is headed east, to the settlement of Dantioc. And since I happen to be travelling that way, I can see no reason why not to let you attend.’
‘And what lies in Dantioc that would command his attention?’ queried Lucius, unsure whether to believe her.
The Prefect’s eyes hardened. ‘That’s my concern.’
Lucius’s brow creased as he raised an eyebrow. ‘If you wish for us to trust you then perhaps you should become more forthcoming.’
Shannis scoffed. ‘Look, if you want to waste your time walking to Altrad then fine, go right ahead. But I’m headed east, where the real fight is. The choice is yours. You shan’t have another.’
Lucius shared a hesitant glance between Offidius. After a short while, the aging man turned to the hard-faced Prefect, and nodded.


D.R. Hurley

Twenty Three


As the rocky peaks of Trian’s Namolean Belt closed in on the Bishop class airship, Lyanna felt the inescapable strands of fatigue pull tighter around her body.
Sometimes, the wall of rock would part and allow them a clear run into the eternal labyrinth that was the Belt, and the young Hibernian was more than aware of the danger those times presented. The gigantic spikes could swiftly close in on them in a matter of moments.
Her emerald eyes grew painfully heavy as she negotiated one such patch. Yawning deeply, Lyanna placed more and more weight onto the wooden wheel, until she finally gave in to her body’s rampant desire for sleep.
The ship listed starboard as her body leaned over the helm, bringing the hull dangerously close to a mountain peak. The jagged rock would have torn the vessel in two were it not for the strong hand which eased them back on course.
Lyanna jumped back into reality with a gasp, realizing her mistake, and found the piercing eyes of a monstrous creature bearing down on her.
‘Perhaps, you should stand on the deck? The cool air may rejuvenate you.’ grumbled Sestik disapprovingly. His deep voice resonated throughout her entire body.
Lyanna stifled a yawn. ‘I’ve been at this wheel for most of the night. I think I need a little more than cool air.’ she countered.
Setsik grunted. ‘That is something I cannot help you with. I sense it is time for us to return home.’
Lyanna scoffed, despite her weariness. ‘You hide from the world for thousands of years and want to leave already? Aren’t you curious to see how things have changed?’
Sestik’s giant body straightened. He completely dwarfed the child-like woman in the tiny space. ‘It’s true my desire to see the world is indeed strong. I remember a time when our two nations conversed frequently and would very much like to revisit the snow-covered hills once again. It was a most pleasing relationship.’
‘Then what’s got you so anxious?’
‘Because I fear the world has found a way to alter the gods’ plans, and I don’t want to be part of it.’
‘You’re talking about Leos, right?’
Sestik’s eyes narrowed as he nodded. ‘The tainted child is an abomination to his kind, the first of many I’m sure. His presence would have angered the gods greatly.’
‘But it’s not his fault,’ the Hibernian protested, ‘he didn’t choose for it to happen. Leos is the victim of a madman’s plot to destroy a nation. The people we seek are the true villains. They’re the ones who have messed with the natural laws.’
‘I have no doubt that what you say is true,’ grumbled Sestik, ‘but my heart sees nothing but dark things lying around his future.’
‘Don’t be ridiculous,’ said Lyanna, shaking her head. ‘Leos is a good man. Sure, he may have been altered, but that doesn’t mean he’s a monster.’
‘Are you so sure of that?’ countered Sestik. ‘Magos has warned your fates have been entwined. I too have inherited a slither of his foresight so take heed of my words. I fear you may soon have to make a choice which will affect all our lives.’
‘What choice?’ she asked, risking a glance at the giant creature. Her youthful brow now creased as she frowned.
Sestik remained cool and held off a reply. His feathered head turned towards the blurred mass of jagged rocks, racing past the pilothouse windows. ‘It is not for me to say.’ he said eventually.
Lyanna scoffed, her patience drawn thin at the Volanti’s cryptic words. ‘If you believe he’s that dangerous then why leave him alone with me?’
‘Because it is not our right to intervene.’ he said, turning to face her.
Lyanna watched as his clawed fingers reached for a slender blade hanging from his waist and began to remove it. Her emerald eyes drew wide as he slowly presented the bone handled knife to her. ‘What’s that for?’ she asked, turning back to their course.
Sestik’s sharp eyes become hard as stone. ‘Magos bade me to give you this simple tool. It may prove useful when the time comes.’
The woman’s frown deepened. ‘I don’t understand. What time?’
‘I think you do, young one. It is why you’ve turned your gaze from it.’
‘Ridiculous! I just don’t want to crash.’
The Volanti’s eyes narrowed at her sudden unease. ‘I feel your heart trembling at the sight of it. You know what I speak of. But you must remain strong, for all our sakes.’
‘You can’t seriously be asking me to do what I think you’re saying.’ she said, her fingers tightening around the helm.
‘I ask only for you to follow the path destiny has laid for you. Now, take the blade.’

*****

Leos watched as the birdmen slipped off the ship and felt little regret for their passing. 
‘So much for the ancient race,’ he said scornfully as he entered the pilothouse. ‘I guess we’ll have to do this on our own.’
He cast his dark eyes towards his companion and found her lingering gaze fixed on the horizon. It wasn’t until he called to her again did the woman snap back into reality.
‘I … what?’ she replied, still half dazed.
Leos looked at her curiously. ‘I said it was nice of them to say goodbye. They mention anything before leaving?’ he said, jabbing a thumb towards the sky.
Lyanna glanced his way for the briefest of moments before looking back towards the horizon. ‘No, not really. I only spoke to Sestik. He was quite vague.’ she said faintly.
Leos weighed her response carefully, studying her for a few moments before replying. ‘Everything okay?’ he asked, noting her shift in body language when she finally looked at him.
‘Fine, fine. Just … thinking of home.’ she said.
The man detected the lie in her voice and grunted softly. ‘It must have been difficult for you to leave so soon.’ he said.
Lyanna shrugged. ‘I don’t wish to linger on it.’
The pair endured an awkward silence for some time after, watching the desolate landscape.
Eventually, Leos broke the tense mood, clearing his throat before speaking. ‘You know, I was thinking about what happened before. And you’re right, I shouldn’t have been so reckless.’
The Hibernian kept her eyes fixed on their heading. ‘It’s fine, really. I know you were just trying to help.’ she said dismissively.
The Cowldonian frowned at her words but decided to accept her answer. Obviously, the woman didn’t want to pursue the matter further and frankly, neither did he. He dropped it from his thoughts then decided to change the subject. ‘Do you want me to take over the controls? You must be tired from being at the wheel so long.’
‘Since when did you become an expert navigator?’ she said, cocking her head.
Leos noted the weak smile pass across her youthful features which he then returned. ‘So, that’s a no then?’ he said, turning before she could respond.
‘I think I’ll hang on until we’re through the Belt. We can’t be far now.’ she said as the sound of his weighty boots filled the room.
The mountains soon parted, allowing her a brief pause. Lyanna breathed a silent prayer to the Maidens then locked the helm, fixing their heading. She turned from the wheel, thankful to be free, and found the man leaning against the cabin’s wall. But his lingering gaze was not cast into the endless sea of passing rock, but instead rooted firmly on his hand.
Lyanna watched in dismay as the man summoned a tiny orb of purple energy at the tip of his index finger, before dispelling it moments later. He repeated the action several times. The beginnings of a smile crept onto his pale face as he stared intently at the orb, eyes glistening as it came and went.
‘Please don’t do that’ she pleaded.
The man’s gaze didn’t change as he continued to play. ‘Do what?’ he replied, half listening. His darks eyes seemed mesmerized as he watched in amazement.
‘That!’ she said as Leos flicked the orb into the air and pretended to catch it, only the ball disappeared into nothing as it touched his skin.
Leos turned his amused gaze towards his companion and found the woman’s expression wracked with concern. He froze as his once dormant senses stirred to life while he looked into her eyes. He swore for a few moments he could actually detect what the woman was feeling. Her anxiety washed over him. The unease.  He could feel the torment running through her. It was a dazzling experience, but also strange. He had no memory of that ever happening before. How curious.
He snapped out of his momentary delirium and tried to continue their conversation. ‘Oh … I … you mean that. Sorry. Does it make you uncomfortable?’ he said, now conscious to mask his own confused feelings.
The Hibernian’s brow creased in annoyance, but she appeared unaware of his scan of her. He’d seemed to have gotten away with it and decided perhaps it best to keep this new ability to himself.
‘Of course it does, and you know why. That power is forbidden. It’s too dangerous for us to use.’ continued Lyanna.
Leos shrugged. ‘For you perhaps. But I think I’ve got the hang of it now.’
‘That’s what I’m afraid of.’ came her muttered reply.
Leos looked at her curiously. ‘And what exactly do you mean by that?’ he asked firmly. The irritation in his voice was clear.
Lyanna measured her words carefully before responding, cautious not to rile him further. ‘A few days ago, you were completely terrified of those, outbursts. But now I think you’re actually enjoying them.’
‘Don’t be ridiculous,’ he scowled. ‘I’m just a little surprised after all those years of … It just seems so easy to me now.’
‘That’s no excuse. You should be ashamed of it!’
‘Give me a break here, Lyanna. It’s not my fault they did this to me,’ he moaned, ‘what did you expect? They tortured me for years. Punished me. Subjected me to pain every day until I succeeded. Failure to show improvement was a death sentence.’
‘And now you’ve proved them wrong. But it doesn’t mean you have to be the monster they wanted.’
‘I’m not a monster,’ he said through gritted teeth. ‘My whole life was stolen from me. And now, I have the power to make amends. I deserve to get what’s owed to me.’
Lyanna’s heart fluttered as she saw the anger in his eyes. His clenched fist now trembling with suppressed rage. For the first time since their meeting, she felt truly afraid to be in his presence.
Leos felt his senses tingle once again at her plight. ‘Why do you fear me?’ he asked, feeling his temper rise at her lack of trust.
‘Oh, so you’re a Medion now?’ she said.
‘It’s quite obvious you’re afraid. It’s practically written across your face.’
‘I’m afraid of what you’re becoming. Something has changed.’
‘Nothing has changed, except that I have a chance to use this power against those who tortured me.’
‘That won’t bring those years back, Leos.’
‘That’s not the point. I’ve only begun to unlock this power. Who knows where it will take me? We must use it to strengthen our cause.’
‘And what cause is that, exactly?’ she snapped. ‘Are you talking about stopping the war? Or quenching your desire for revenge?’
‘What difference does it make. The man will get what’s coming to him. They all will. Call it what you want. The end is all the same.’
Leos turned his back, unable to stand her any longer and strode out onto the deck. Why couldn’t she just understand what he was going through? What he had gone through? This constant bickering was starting to get the best of him. His patience for her lack of trust was almost at its end.
As she watched him leave the pilothouse, the young woman placed a reassuring hand on her chest and breathed deeply, feeling her beating heart ease. Her tiny heart weighed heavy with fear, as did the bone-handled dagger resting within her pocket.

D.R. Hurley

Twenty Four


‘You incompetent fool! I gave you one simple order any soldier could accomplish, yet you failed me miserably. Clearly, my previous assumptions of your usefulness were woefully unfounded!’ roared General Zion. The light from his fake eye blazed furiously as he rounded on the sniveling officer standing before him.
Parmen held his ground in the face of his superior’s outrage. He knew the General would be displeased to see him return empty handed and had braced himself accordingly.
He stood patiently in front of his enraged leader, amidst the bowels of a ruined barn. It hadn’t been too difficult to track the army’s march from the capital and found them around twenty leagues east of Dantioc. The vapor cell in his mechanical steed was all but spent by the time he’d caught up with them, making camp in a small farm before the last push in the early hours.
‘It’s not my fault, General. The situation was beyond my control. Nobody could have foretold the Skritts would lower themselves to such trickery.’ he replied calmly.
Marcus’s brow creased in outrage. ‘I sent you to Hythrall to dispatch our treacherous leader, yet here you stand in shame, with the audacity to say it wasn’t your fault?’
‘The sudden appearance of an enemy force coupled with the Emperor’s troops gave me no option but to abandon my objective.’ explained Parmen as the General began coughing.
‘And yet, you alone escaped when your entire company was destroyed.’ replied Marcus as his fit continued.
He turned his wrathful gaze from the youth and began coughing harshly into his hand.
‘I had little choice,’ said Parmen, his curt voice now laced with venom. ‘The Trians overran us in a matter of moments. I’m sure the Emperor had a hand in it.’
‘Trian has no army. I destroyed it in Altrad when I took their capital. You fled from a band of civilians.’ wheezed Marcus, trying to regain his composure.
Parmen’s jaw tensed in response to the jibe. ‘They were more than just simple peasants. These Trians fought like soldiers. They were organized and well trained. Disciplined. They came at us from nowhere and cut my men down.’
Marcus’s haggard face remained a mask of caged thunder. ‘And you chose to flee. At the first sign of trouble.’
‘I chose to regroup, General. There was nothing else I could do.’
‘You could have stood your ground and fought, you coward. Until the last of your breath had escaped your worthless corpse.’
‘I saw no point in throwing my life away needlessly at that time. Had I not, you would be blind to the danger that now threatens you.’
‘Danger!? You incompetent fool. There is no danger to me. Trian is mine. No one can take it from me.’
‘I believe you are mistaken, General. The enemy is regrouping under the Emperor’s guidance. He comes to challenge you.’
‘Then I shall see to the deed myself. It has become apparent that I alone have the strength to do what is necessary, for the good of Cowldonia. Now go, remove yourself from my presence at once.’
‘But what about my promotion? You promised I would be made Major upon my return.’ asked the youth, his face twisting in confusion. His words sparked a hoarse laugh to escape the General’s lips, which served only to rile him further.
‘You think I would promote you? After your constant failures? You’re lucky to be serving at all.’
‘But I thought …’
‘I don’t give a damn what you thought. You’re a disgrace to the uniform. Nothing but a worthless dog! I should have you stripped of your rank.’
‘You dare speak to me like I’m a fool, General!’ yelled Parmen, his free hand moved in a heartbeat to clasp the hilt of his father’s sword.
Marcus’s face twisted in resentment at the move and took a menacing step closer to the officer. ‘No. It was I who was the fool, to put my trust in the likes of you. You disgust me, Captain. Your incompetence soils the colours you wear. Now get out of my sight before I have your pathetic life extinguish-’
Marcus never finished. His anger brought on another bout of coughing which bent him over. Parmen’s youthful features twisted in disgust as the man spitted a gob full of dark fluid onto the dusty floor. He stepped back from the heaving General, fearing he himself may catch something. ‘It would appear you have overreached yourself in this campaign, General. Perhaps you should take some rest?’ he said mockingly as Marcus wiped his chin clear of blood.
The General’s fake eye glowed a deep red as he fixed the youth. ‘It does not concern you, boy. Now, remove yourself from my sight at once, lest you find your head parted from your useless body.’
Parmen remained still for an awkward moment, his eyes moving between the black fluid seeping into the earth and his commander’s sunken features. He smiled slyly, weighing the situation.
A few moments later, he tapped a clenched fist nonchalantly against his chest before turning away, walking out of the barn with a casual gait.
Perhaps my time will come after all, dear General. he thought darkly as he strolled into the night.

*****

This poses a problem to us, General… hissed a voice in the recesses of Marcus’s mind as he watched the youth leave.
He turned to the shadowy corner where the wraith-like creature was lurking and ground his teeth.
‘Of course this is a problem. You think me a fool!’ he roared, smashing his foot into a barrel of grain, its contents spilling across the floor.
A haggard chuckle from the other side of the room caught his attention.
‘The world around you crumbles, General. Your great scheme will not be accomplished after all.’ laughed Ambassador Callus. The wounded Trian smiled broadly as he slumped against the wooden beam he was chained to.
Why must we endure this one’s presence? Why not remove him from existence? the Ascended hissed.
A painful vison came to the General in that moment, freezing him. No, not a vison, it was a memory. Forged long ago, in the darkened pools of his past. He saw the cowardly Ambassador there with him, standing amidst that vast plane of tragedy. The place which had spawned this accursed campaign and drove him down the path of ruin. A pang of guilt seared his heart as the memory flowed, fiercer than the hottest brand. His son’s death came before him once again. This one, this gutless cur was at the center of it, standing over him.
Marcus turned to the wheezing Trian, his face twisting in anger. ‘Because I want him to witness the downfall of his filthy race firsthand. When the time of their doom approaches, I want them to know it was he who sold them all to ruin.’
Marcus looked at the pale being nestling amongst the shadows and cocked his head towards the Ambassador. Seconds later, the Ascended rose its clawed hand and Callus fell into a deep sleep.
Marcus laughed broadly as the rodent’s head slumped onto his chest. The action sparked another fit of coughing.
He gasped for air, dropping to the floor and spat blobs of dark fluid onto the floor. Marcus was left panting hard when it was finally over. He barely had enough strength to shift his mass against a wooden support beam, forehead lined with sweat.
The pale creature detached itself from the darkened corner as he sat there wheezing and floated over. Its lingering gaze remained set upon the General’s sunken features but was not returned.
Your anger gives speed to your symptoms. Time slips further from your grasp…
Marcus’s head lobbed wearily from side to side as he tried to speak. ‘I care little for that. You assured me Lucius’s life would be forfeit. Now where does this leave me?’
The creature drew close. It stopped several feet from his side, its clawed feet dangling several inches above the dirt.
An outside force intervened after the deed took place. An oversight on our part. One we could not foresee...
‘Well, this damned oversight puts me in a difficult situation,’ rasped Marcus. ‘Lucius still has much support. Enough to topple me. If the men find out I made a move against his life before we reach Dantioc I’m done for.’
Your army’s allegiance will indeed be tested once they see the Hwethgar king, but there is nothing to fear. We will make sure their eyes are clouded to his grace…
‘How can you be so sure? Even I can’t guarantee that.’ asked Marcus, before breaking into another bout coughing. The General leaned over and spat a second glob of phlegm onto the ground.
The creature cocked its oval head before turning its back on him. A clawed hand reached up and the General fell into a deep slumber.
Foolish insect! You still believe to be the architect of all that has transpired? It matters not. Your light is soon to be extinguished. Take rest, little Hwethgar, recover your strength. The final battle shall not be easy. Let us see to the men…

*****

The Six ascended creatures floated high above the desolate farm, hidden under a veil of tiny lights puncturing the nighttime sky. Their clawed hands stretched wide making a ring, but never touched. They remained motionless in the air, frozen in time as their tormented consciousnesses mingled into one. The unity of their minds was like the coming together of thousands of tiny shards merging into a giant mirror. An impossible task to behold. Yet unite they did.
After countless days and untold hours, finally, they were whole. The two remaining beings had arrived late in the day and had slipped into the camp unnoticed. Their individual tasks complete.
The collective group breathed in unison as they focused their minds into a singular conscious. One powerful force, looking down on the nest of insects infecting the world with discontent. They eased their conscious down, seeping across the world below like an invisible fog. Its inescapable reach placed a soothing touch upon every soldier resting in the settlement. Its presence so gentle, so delicate, that none suspected they were ensnared.
Dark visions of the Emperor oozed into their unsuspecting minds, clouding their judgement. At first, they were distant, irrelevant feelings of disagreement which piqued their interest. A tiny thorn lodged in the recesses of their minds…

…why did their illustrious leader punish them with this campaign? Sending them halfway across the world to this godless place. Away from their families.
Why wasn’t he here to lead us to victory? Did he not truly care for his son? Or does he fear we will meet with failure?
To be destroyed while he sits back in refined comfort within the confines of his luxurious palace…
Perhaps he is a coward after all? No, a traitor. One who is content to let others die in his place. That is not what Cowldonia stands for. He has lost his way.
The General has always looked after us. He would never desert us like he has…

The strands of corruption continued to fall gently upon the tired minds of the soldiers throughout the evening. They began talking in scattered groups. Muttered words passed quietly between cracked lips in darkened corners.
Even as they slept, their dreams were manipulated to reveal grand schemes of treachery. Of the man who had taken them all for fools and had the audacity to side with the enemy.
When the first rays of morning’s light edged onto the land, a shared feeling of loathing plagued the troops. They marched in silence towards their new target, grim faces betrayed the anger boiling within. Their loyalty hung on a knife edge. With each step taken the Ascended poured more hatred towards their so-called leader.
They continued to weave their delicate web of animosity from the confines of the General’s war carriage, unbeknownst to the hapless troops.
By the time they’d see the lofty towers of Dantioc’s boarders piercing the horizon, a new thesis had taken them. A dark and joyous feeling of retribution that all began to utter.
‘Down with the traitorous Emperor. All join with Lord Zion!’


D.R. Hurley

Twenty Five


Nikita thumbed the woven brass ring on her index finger absently as the group of would-be soldiers marched across the Trian countryside. The tiny heirloom usually reminded her of her mother when pressed, but more and more she found her thoughts lingering on the memories of her fallen uncle. In particular, the times when she was training in the sun-drenched meadows, just beyond Nyatti’s walls.
Often, they would come to her. In quiet periods such as this where there was little else to occupy her mind, or when she found herself alone on the cool nights, free of Amros’s endless sermons. She remembered how Rykun would spend countless hours lecturing her about the importance of correct posture, controlled breathing, and pictured one such occasion. A warm smile parted her long face as she recalled the moment.
It was a morning session, like so many others. The old grouch had dragged her out of bed at the crack of dawn and forced her to undergo another grueling regime before whisking off to Altrad. The pressing needs of the High Council were ever present. She hated him for it at the time of course, and wanted so desperately to be somewhere he wasn’t.
And yet, after her continued analysis of those arduous events, she was for some reason drawn to the conclusion that perhaps his intentions weren’t as cruel as she original suspected. It pained her to admit the errors of her ways and realized he was only trying to help her, in his own fashion. Her stubbornness had blinded her to that fact, she could see that now. And to the love he was showing.
The doe snorted sharply as her feelings rose and let go the ring. Perhaps this retrospective thinking was merely the result of Amros’s teachings. She forced herself to remember that this was, after all, the Trian who had stood back and denied his only sister the help she had so desperately required. Help she was convinced would have saved her mother’s life had it been offered. She tried to hold on to that belief. Tried to feel anger at his betrayal. But her grief only served as a reminder to her own shame, for leaving him when she was needed.
A long sigh escaped her. Maybe, the Order’s beliefs were actually starting to take some root in her mind, and she was finally starting to understand. She pondered the idea further, wondering if this was indeed how the so-called long road to redemption started. By accepting your faults, no matter how truthful your intentions were at the time? Did Amros go through this same confliction too?
A stark realization struck her in that moment. After all the hours the two had spent together, Nikita knew absolutely nothing of her new companion, other than his devotion to the Temple. The monk had betrayed no hint as to the makings of his former life. No comments about family or where he hailed, nor the struggles he would have endured to get where he was now. He was a complete mystery to her.
She smiled faintly at the thought and decided to look for him, cocking her hairless head up in search. Nikita rose to her toes between steps in a bid to see above the press of marching soldiers. Her upper lip twitched as she sniffed the air, revealing glimpses of her canines. He wasn’t all that difficult to locate.
Amros’s hooded form could be seen nestled amongst a cluster of young-faced bucks a short distance to her side. His clawed hand moved back and forth in an animated display. No doubt he was trying to reassure the youths with words of hope, taken from Slarr’s opus, for she recognized some of the runes he was drawing in the air.
She grunted softly to herself then let her eye wander across the sky, noticing Father Tumarr’s ever watchful gaze had reached its zenith. It must be around noon. The warm rays of light had grown steadily throughout the morning and were beginning to aggravate the tender skin around her skull. A frantic tingling sensation could be felt buzzing at her ear tips which she could no-longer ignore. The doe covered her head with the heavy cowl and grumbled to herself, cursing that infernal ceremony.
The group had travelled far since joining the rag-tag bunch of citizens, pretending to be soldiers. They still had a longways to go before reaching the mining settlement. The doe’s feet were beginning to ache from the endless marching, and her joints were stiff. So far, their path had led them east across a rockier landscape, since the main trail to Dantioc was much longer and likely to be watched by Imperial patrols. The arrogant Prefect which led the group was convinced her growing band of warriors could handle such encounters, but in the interests of speed, thought it best to take a more direct approach.
A wall of jagged rock, peppered with tiny tufts of dryweed, sat off to her left which they were currently skirting. Traces of glimmering metallic rock could be seen poking through the stone’s surface. The terrain this far east was riddled with many such outcrops and the sole reason why it was mined so heavily. It was a land rich in undiscovered wealth, ores, jewels and other precious rock that could all be exported. Nikita however, found it ultimately unappealing, and dragged her mind back to the woody foothills of her former home. How she missed it so.
‘He is a funny one, I’ll give you that.’ a curt voice said from out of nowhere, breaking her thoughts.
Nikita turned her shrouded head and saw a white furred Prefect trotting up to her side. She snorted distastefully and looked ahead, ignoring the fool.
I bet she thinks she’s really special, flaunting that stripy fur of hers! she thought bitterly. 
Shannis appeared blind to her reaction and continued to stare at Amros from atop her Brer with obvious interest, watching curiously as the aging monk mingled amongst her group. She noted the anxious looks wrought upon their young faces and smiled. Clearly her troops were cautious not to accept the Timmetan’s poisonous words.
A good thing too, Shannis thought. The last thing she needed was another mindless zealot trying to influence her force with inapt ideas of forgiving one’s actions or whatever it was they were spouting these days.
She chuckled softly to herself and looked down at the doe, who had also turned her gaze to him. ‘Tell me, what is the decrepit one’s relationship to you?’ Shannis inquired.
Nikita’s eye lingered on her companion for some time before answering. A warm smile parted her face as she spoke. ‘He’s simply helping me to get where I need to be.’ she said truthfully.
The Prefect’s eyes narrowed. ‘And where exactly is that going to be?’
Nikita shrugged. ‘As close to Zion as possible so I can slit his filthy neck and see an end to this infernal war.’ she replied darkly.
A sly grin broke Shannis’s long face which quickly evolved into a chuckle. ‘You think you can beat me to his throat?’ she said, drawing the doe’s bemused expression. ‘Okay, I’ll accept your challenge. It is a worthy bet. Though I fear your dreams of glory will crumble once we arrive in Dantioc.’
Nikita scoffed, uninterested in the Prefect’s brash ramblings and resumed her thoughts.
Shannis leaned forward in her saddle after realizing no response was forth coming. ‘You think I speak out of ego?’ she quired.
Nikita sighed deeply. ‘I really don’t care.’
‘Of course you don’t. After all, who am I to stand in your way?’ said Shannis, straightening in her saddle. ‘Look everyone, see how the mighty Long Fur resides over those around. Take courage from her quivering skill and know that our lives lay shrouded in her protection!’ she said, raising her arms wide to mock effect.
A bout of laughter came forth from the soldier’s close by, making the doe scowl.
‘I am … a monk of the Timmetan order, not a Long Fur.’ growled Nikita. Though the words felt unnatural for her to speak.
Shannis scoffed and looked to her front. ‘Perhaps now you are, but I think not always.’
Nikita ground her teeth. ‘You know nothing of what you speak.’
‘Don’t I, young sister of the Order?’ offered Shannis. ‘No, I suppose you are right of course. What truths could a lowly Prefect such as me possibly know about what it takes to become one of the country’s elite soldiers,’ The Prefect turned her gaze to the horizon as she continued to speak, eyes glazing, the curt tones of her firm voice softened along with her posture. ‘To dedicate your entire life to the Halberd, our most treasured of weapons. To feel its slender haft slide within your gasp. The way it glides through the air so gracefully. Thrust and turn, parry and slice. Its balanced length slipping effortlessly through your palms, twirling around your fingers. It is the ultimate dance, they say. Honed through years of performing. There is nothing else like it. Nothing more deadly to behold, or beautiful.’
Shannis blinked herself back into reality after succumbing to thoughts once buried deep and quickly regained her stiff composure. She cleared her throat awkwardly and found the doe’s lone eye rooted firmly on her own from beneath her thick hood.
The Prefect gave a weak smile then shrugged. ‘Alas, like I said. What could I possibly know?’ she said, cracking her reins.
A streak of golden dust, skirting around the ankles, stirred in the wake of the snorting camlid as the hairy beast trotted away, leaving the confused monk to digest what was said.

*****

‘It would appear there is a great deal of hostility between our new hosts.’ muttered Lucius after watching the exchange. A slender hand came to rub the stubble adorning his chin while he pondered the idea, grey eyes squinting as he thought.
Fortunately, the Trian band had seen fit to allow Lucius to travel in the back of a recently acquisitioned cart, on account of his missing leg. The supplies it contained were quickly distributed amongst the wary troops before he was permitted to lay in it. Their allies apparently thought it better to air on the side of caution. Lucius couldn’t blame them.
His gaze slid back towards Offidius, who was marching quietly by his side, a metal hand placed onto the cart’s rear as he walked. The veteran appeared uninterested in his leader’s astute observations and scratched his mutton chops vacantly with his real hand.
‘What do you make of it, Offidius?’ pressed Lucius, trying to engage the bear-like man.
Offidius grunted deeply and shrugged. ‘It does not concern me right now, sire. As long as the Trians hold true to their word and guide us to the General, that’s all that matters.’
A deep groan caused the two men to glance at the towering ogre, stomping alongside the cart. Brutus had been humming quietly to himself as they marched, gazing absently at their rocky surroundings. Now the brute’s ape-like face was bobbing gently as he digested their words, though his expression remained distant.
‘Half man is true,’ he grumbled suddenly. ‘Rat-people take us north, or no trust them. What good is friend we no trust?’
Half man? Offidius thought agitatedly, glancing at his metallic limb.
The Emperor shook his head at the brute’s ramblings and leaned forward. ‘But don’t you find it interesting how these soldiers resent the monks so openly. The very ones who, let’s be honest, saved our lives from a rather untimely death?’
‘There’re not the only ones they distrust.’ muttered Offidius, catching several resentful glares firing their way.
Lucius waved his hand dismissively. ‘Well in any case, it does leave one to wonder.’
‘Perhaps the reason for the monks’ generosity is precisely why they are so untrusting,’ said Offidius, ‘let us not forget that in this land, it is we who are the enemy.’
‘And yet, despite all that has happened, I cannot help but wonder why they still bare such discontent for each other while their lands are being invaded.’
‘No sense of unity to overcome a common cause.’ offered Offidius.
‘Exactly,’ replied Lucius. ‘I for one would hope, that if it were us who were besieged, our country would forgo any petty squabbling laid down by politics and the like and stand together united in the face of such opposition.’
The man’s words hit an ungainly chord within Offidius, for in that moment, the image of a young-faced nobleman flashed before his eyes, making the officer faulter. His metallic fist clenched in time with his teeth as he pictured the arrogant sneer of his former colleague, Captain Parmen, presiding over him. The cart’s frame instantly shattered beneath his iron grip to the sound of puffing air and grinding servos.
Offidius quickly removed his hand, cursing out loud for his temporary lack of restraint, and shook out the splinted wood from his fingers. The officer’s sun-browned checks flushed while he tried to avoid his superior’s perplexed gaze.
‘Are you okay, Captain?’ asked Lucius carefully.
Offidius cleared his throat awkwardly. ‘Apologies my lord. I was taken by a moment of unrest.’
‘Must have been quite a thing,’ said Lucius as he eyed the broken stump of wood. ‘Is there something on your mind you wish to voice?’
The Captain took a moment to choose his words. ‘As much as I would like to believe in what you speak, sire. I fear any talk of unity on our behalf is somewhat distant.’
‘Oh. How so?’ asked Lucius, his brow creasing.
Offidius hesitated, his instinct preferring not to reveal his true feelings to a superior officer, let alone the Emperor! However, on this occasion he quickly came to the opinion that given the current circumstances he should be able to forsake his usual apprehension.
He drew a short breath which was exhaled sharply before speaking. ‘Because, my lord, I feel a warning in my heart growing the closer we get to General Zion. A sense of dread builds within me at the thought of where we are headed.’
‘Marcus is an exception to what I say. I am confident that whatever slight has brought him down this path of injustice is not bound to those around him.’
‘I do not think it is safe to assume that, sire,’ warned Offidius. ‘There may not be any unity when we confront him. Those we once counted as friend will stand against us.’
‘That is preposterous,’ scoffed Lucius. ‘there’s no possibility my men will not fall into line when commanded.’
‘Can you really be so sure?’ the veteran pressed. ‘Look what happened to us back there in the village. To you. That boy was determined to strike you down, gods know he would have succeeded too if the monk hadn’t intervened. What makes you think there won’t be others like him?’
Lucius stiffened. ‘An unfortunate experience, nothing more,’ he said dismissively, waving his hand. ‘One that I’m sure will not repeat itself. Clearly the man was deluded.’
Offidius shot a concerning look towards the Emperor that was not received. He was more than a little surprised at the man’s total disregard for the matter. Had he completely miss read the situation?
His blue eyes lingered on the man as he watched him lean into the cart’s backboard, obviously ending the discussion. An ominous sense of dread swept through his soul as he considered the Emperor’s reaction. Offidius couldn’t shake the feeling that his master’s life hung over a precipice.
I hope for our sake that you are right, my lord. It will be a bitter day indeed for Cowldonia if it turns out to be otherwise. he thought grimly.


D.R. Hurley

Twenty Six


‘You’ve shown little progress since your last ordeal. But you now have the chance to prove yourself to me. Show me why I should invest any more time with you and not have you discarded like the worthless failure you are.’
‘I am ready to proceed.’ the boy said nervously, turning his quivering gaze from the devil-man’s face before creeping into the metal cage with a thumping heart.
His dark eyes watched nervously as the slouching form of a beaten rat-man, chained to the corner, lifted his weary head as he approached.
The steel bars slammed shut as he entered the cage, making the boy flinch. He could feel his pounding heart drumming in his ears. The child knew exactly what he must do. Had to do. There was no choice but to embrace what his quivering heart knew was wrong. He must be strong. Had to be strong. For his own sake.
Small hands reached out, his fingers trembling. The chained creature rose to its feet, sensing the impeding danger and became rigid with fear. Its clawed hands squeezed its ribbed tail as he pleaded for his life. But it would do him no good. Progress had to be made.
For an agonizingly long moment all was still. The boy pursed his lips as he tried to summon the power. At first he thought it wouldn’t happen, but then, a flash of light appeared inside his hands. It was there for the briefest of moments only before receding and then… Nothing. 
The boy’s head fell to his chest, humiliated. Tears rolled down his pale cheeks as he wept.
The rat-man remained frozen, eyes darting between the boy and the disgruntled onlookers outside the cage.
‘As I thought, you are weak. You have always been weak!’ the devil-man uttered. ‘I wish to see a marked improvement on your abilities next time we meet. Pray you don’t disappoint me again…


‘We’re getting close now ... Hey Leos, did you hear me? I said we’re getting close now.’ Lyanna said irritably.
Leos shook himself back into the world and stared blankly into her emerald eyes for several moments before recognition seeped back into his.
‘Oh, great.’ he mumbled, as fragment of the fading memory danced around his mind.
His companion shook her head. The great mane of crimson hair swished back and forth. ‘Daydreaming again? You sure you’re ready for what we’re heading into?’ she asked.
Leos snorted and walked closer to the pilothouse window, pressing his pale face onto the glass panes as he surveyed the world below.
The stolen airship was sailing peacefully over the wooded foothills of the Namolean Belt. Ancient rock once cresting the heavens now lay shrouded beneath a dense blanket of golden leaves, stretching everywhere for miles around. His dark eyes squinted in the growing light as he looked to the horizon and saw huge plains of grassy fields covering the distant ground.
He stared at the luscious landscape for some time before speaking, though his words were far from pleasing. ‘So, this is Trian, huh?’ he grunted. ‘Well, forgive me if I’m not impressed. I was expecting something far more exciting.’
‘Like what, exactly?’ the woman asked coolly.
Leos shrugged. ‘Burning stakes, skewered with the corpses of Cowldonian children. I don’t know. Just not this … beauty.’
‘That’s not funny, Leos. In fact, I think that’s rather sad. I’d never thought you’d share the naive view most of the Empire’s people entertained.’ she said crossly.
He looked back and saw the colour of her blue cheeks darken somewhat. ‘There’s a lot about me you don’t know, Lyanna. Perhaps it’s best we leave it that way.’ he said darkly.
‘Or perhaps it is time for you to enlighten us on your past?’ a deep voice said from outside the cabin, startling the pair.
The heavy tread of feet upon wood caught both their ears as two giant figures squeezed their way into the pilothouse. A broad smile broke onto Lyanna’s face as Hotek and Sestik came before them.
Leos eyed the pair cautiously.
‘Maidens be praised, you’ve returned!’ said Lyanna, unable to keep the excitement for her voice.
The brothers merely nodded in response.
‘I don’t understand. You said you were leaving for Volantos?’ asked Leos quickly, drawing their eye.
‘It seems we still have a part to play in this. For mighty Russco intends us to stay at little longer. It was he who sent a message of caution to our hearts which could not be ignored.’
‘Caution? Whatever does that mean?’ the man asked warily, sharing a glance with Lyanna.
The brothers maintained their scathing eyes upon him but held their tongue.
Leos tutted after being denied an answer and looked away, shaking his head.
Once again, it was Lyanna who spoke first, hoping to break the tension. ‘Well, whatever the reason, I’m glad you’re back. It shouldn’t be much longer now. The Trian capital lies a hundred leagues east of here. Hopefully, we shall arrive before noon if the wind keeps its course.’
‘Perhaps we should continue our course on foot?’ offered Sestik. ‘The airship fleet may already be in pursuit. It would be easier for us to remain unnoticed on the ground...’
Leos kept his gaze fixed on the horizon as the others continued to discuss the best course of action, scanning the new environment nonchalantly. The reappearance of the Volanti sat ill with him. He should have been happy to have their aid once again but wasn’t. Their constant lack of trust and resentment towards him was clear. It was no wonder he didn’t want them around.
As his brooding thoughts continued to swamp him, a jolt of awareness echoed within his mind, causing him to look up. He became painfully aware of a new presence trying to reach out to him, probing his senses. His dark eyes dilated as his own mind stretched out to reconnect with the familiar company of his so-called brothers and sisters, hundreds of leagues away.
A short time later, he snapped back into the room, eyes narrowing as he mulled over the message.
‘…being on land will slow us down too much. We cannot afford to waste that much time.’ pleaded Lyanna as they continued to debate.
‘My brother speaks truth. It would be safer for you to travel on our backs.’ added Hotek, causing the Hibernian to shake her head.
‘No. There’s no point. The fleet has been ordered east on another engagement.’ announced Leos, halting the discussion. He turned to face his bemused companions, who stared back at him curiously. ‘We have a much bigger problem to worry about. General Zion has fled the capital in search of the High Council. We must change course.’
The group shared a collective frown at his words.
‘How can you know that?’ asked Hotek suspiciously.
The man shrugged. ‘I just do. You’ll have to trust me in this.’
‘More secrets.’ muttered Sestik, drawing a confirming grunt from his brother.
Lyanna’s young face remained confused. ‘We’re heading for the Emperor. Magos said he was making for the capital.’
‘If the General is on the move, then it is likely the Emperor will be trying to intercept him.’
‘That’s if he knows.’
‘He does know. I’m sure of it.’
Leos turned from Lyanna and cast his gaze towards the brothers, whose sharp eyes were alive with caution. ‘I haven’t led us astray so far. Please, you must trust me.’ he said calmly.
The brothers looked at each other while they considered his words.
‘And where do you propose we go? He could be anywhere.’ asked Lyanna, angered by his dismissal of her.
Leos rolled his eyes towards her. ‘They’re heading for Dantioc. It lies south-east of the capital.’
The Volanti locked eyes for several moments without spoken word. The surprise on Lyanna’s face was all too clear when Hotek finally spoke. ‘Very well. We should trust the Cowldonian. For now.’
‘Are you serious?’ scoffed the Hibernian. ‘A few minutes ago, you were saying this man’s word was questionable, but now it’s alright?’
‘It appears we may have been hasty in our decision.’ replied Sestik, meeting her gaze. Leos too felt his eyes widen in confusion at the brothers’ sudden change of feelings yet decided to be thankful. He resisted the urge to smile as he caught sight of his companion’s angered face.
‘You know something, don’t you?’ the Hibernian pressed, sensing a flicker of concern escape the pair’s usually guarded feelings. ‘There’s more going on than you’re willing to admit.’ Leos sensed it too but remained silent.
‘Perhaps it is you who should trust us now, as we have you.’ added Hotek, his golden eyes narrowing. He held the woman’s gaze for what seemed like an age.
Eventually, her youthful face began to slacken as she finally gave in. ‘Okay. We’ll do it your way,’ she said coolly, ‘but I want you to know that I’m far from comfortable with this whole affair.’
‘It will all be fine. I guarantee it.’ said Leos, feeling a gentle sway of movement as the ship moved to starboard, but her gaze was firmly rooted on the foreboding horizon.


D.R. Hurley

Twenty Seven


Fleet Commander Parsk scanned the approaching mining settlement from the bow of his Duke class cruiser, Jakkaro’s Wrath, through a golden viewing glass. The slender tube moved slowly across the outer perimeter, searching for any potential threats to his magnificent fleet, yet there appeared to be none. The taut skin adorning his aging face creased noticeably as he smiled to himself. ‘Good, good. It would seem the General’s promise of a riskless engagement has borne fruit.’ he muttered in a pleasing tone.
His confidence grew in strength when he saw the press of clouds smothering the twin moons’ light. Obviously, Jakkaro had seen fit to bless them with a stealthy advance. He gave thanks by placing overlapped hands to his chest in the customary way of gratitude.
The steady thud of weighty boots upon deck drew his gaze as a fresh-faced boatswain strode up to him, brandishing a sliver container.
‘Sir, we’ve just received orders from a carrier raven. It’s from General Zion. He is in position and says you are free to engage the Trian settlement when ready.’ he said, handing his superior the tiny tube.
Parsk calmly retrieved the shiny vessel, jangling the impressive array of medals adorning his chest. His brown eyes slowly scanned the document, causing him to smile warmly. ‘By Jakkaro’s grace, it shall be a good day after all,’ he said proudly, turning to the youth. ‘Signal the fleet to dowse all lights and move to attack speed. Target the settlement as per the plan.’
‘Yes, sir!’ the boatswain snapped, driving a fist into his chest.
Parsk watched the man scurry away for a fleeting moment before turning his eyes to the ship’s stern, and the proud sight of his floating armada surrounding him. A deep breath filled the commander’s lungs which was slowly released. Had there ever been a more impressive sight in all the lands?
The rippling colours of green and brown stretched across gasbags or hanging from armored hulls caused a stir of pride to swell within him. He almost felt pity for the hapless souls they were about to engage, knowing they would not face any opposition. Almost.
A flurry of movement to his rear caused him to glance at the signalmen, whose twin flags fluttered sharply in the wind as the command was passed. Ships soon fell to darkness as lanterns were extinguished one by one. The night came alive as hundreds of clattering engines screamed loudly in response to the increased speed forced upon them.
Parsk felt his own vessel lurch forwards as their pace suddenly increased. He braced himself accordingly like a man with countless hours flight experience could, allowing his legs to bend gently and absorb the shift in his body weight. The deck purred in response to the rotors heightened pace, enticing his toes to wriggle within his polished boots. It was a wonderous feeling which he embraced whole-heartedly.

*****

They struck a short while later. Just after the twin moons’ shook off their ash-coloured veils. Chunks of blazing stone plummeted to the ground in a spectacular display as the fleet commenced its bombing run; their lilac tails cut a stark image against the void of night. Buildings smashed and started to burn as the searing flames ignited rooftops, choking the crisp air with thick smoke.
A beam of silver light shone through the parting clouds as the air fleet pushed its way forward, illuminating the path ahead. It was as though the gods indeed favored their advance.
The sky trembled as dozens of Imperial warships continued to rain fury, their armored hulls glittering in the wake of lilac fire. They sailed back and forth in great looping circles, careful not to push too far west so not to impede the waiting ground troops stationed close by.
Parsk looked on at the scene from the safety of his bridge. The veteran officer stood proudly as his troops spat torrents of flaming arrows from heavy crossbows, picking off the screaming civilians as they ran through the burning streets.
Jakkaro’s Wrath drifted calmly above the doomed settlement amidst dozens of other cruiser vessels while nimbler Squire class ships buzzed in and out of the streets, risking the occasional burst of incoming Kier.
He stepped closer to the rails and glanced over. The chill breeze ruffled his silver hair as he noted the clustered groups of Trian soldiers trying to reorganize themselves. Obviously, the Skritts lacked the wit to prepare themselves for a full-scale invasion and were paying the price for their lack of foresight.
He watched one such group throw orbs of fizzing light up into the heavens, in a brave but ultimately futile display of defiance. Their snarling faces lit up briefly revealing hate-filled expressions as the lethal spheres were discharged from clawed fingers.
A flaming chunk of polar rock smashed amongst their number shortly after, scattering bodies and setting many alight with raging lilac fire.
Parsk smiled briefly as he watched their demise, though there was little amusement to be had. This fight was a slaughter. A one-way encounter that contained only a single outcome. As successful as it was, the old officer could not help feeling a slither of regret for the carnage they were inflicting. There was no danger to them here at this range, or honor to be found. Not for his fleet anyway. Even the mighty battle they had taken part in at Altrad held a small amount of resistance, but this was laughable.
He sent his eyes over the bulky mass of a repeater bolt launcher mounted on the bow, noting how the thick cables connecting it to the vessel’s pressure system were uncoupled. A scene replicated throughout the fleet at his request. The contraptions were used exclusively for ship-to-ship engagements and since the enemy had absolutely no resources to contest their dominance of the skies the additional outage could be better used elsewhere.
A pang of regret entered his conscious as he reflected on this. It was a pity the defenders had no clear response to his incredible fleet. He’d always loved the thrill of aerial combat. He considered it the main reason he had forgone a promising career in the army to become a naval officer. A decision he’d thought had paid off tenfold on the day Lord Zion came to him, offering the chance to command the greatest airship fleet ever assembled. It was indeed a day of great pride. Now look at them.
He pictured how it would all be remembered in years to come. There would not be any grand tales of victory, of daring counterstrikes or ship-to-ship engagements highlighting the bravery of his soldiers leaping across the decks to engage their foe. No talk of valiant deeds recounted proudly around the dinner table in the officer’s mess. Just a brief account of this simple butchery. Was this how his legacy ends?
He turned his mind from the subject and looked to his signalers, giving the word for Delta squadron to begin its run into the northern district. The fluttering colours of blue and white fabric whipped back and forth as the men relayed his command. He smiled confidently, watching as a large portion of his forces began to break away. The squadron would only make one bombing run before returning, clearing a path for the General to attack. He knew they would return unscathed. By Tumarr, it was almost too easy.
A screeching hiss filled his ears shortly after, followed by a blaze of emerald light. Parsk watched in dismay as several hissing orbs, the colour of jade stones, slammed into the hull of a nearby frigate. He recognized it as the Fist of Dreaco. The Bishop class vessel, which had been sailing less than a quarter of a league ahead, banked portside as numerous impacts rocked its hull back and forth, sending most of its crew stumbling to the deck.
Parsk immediately raced over to the rails, tracking the orbs path, and spotted a group of Trian soldiers, previously hidden within a water tower’s parapet. A second volley was released moments later which raced up the vessel’s sides, this time aimed at the rotors. The twice-damned Skritts were actually trying to bring her down!
He gasped in horror as the screeching orbs quickly found their mark, tearing into the exposed engine. The resulting explosion sent shards of twisted debris splaying in all directions as the outboard motor detonated. Several securing ropes lashed to the hull were caught up in the blast as scorching metal tore through the lines.
Parsk felt his blood drain as the distinct crack of snapping rope followed, indicating the taut lines securing the massive gasbag to the hull had broken free. It was a sound which brought terror to all sailor’s hearts.
A deep creaking of splintering wood followed, entwined with the screams of dozens of poor souls sliding over the side, as the ship’s flaming bow suddenly listed starboard. A trail of choking fumes hung in the Fist of Dreaco’s wake as the ship plummeted from the sky and careered into the path of a smaller strike vessel, The Otogo. The panicked cries of both crews merged into one as the frigate’s burning hull tore into the hapless vessel’s gasbag, engulfing both ships in flame.
Parsk froze at the sight of the unfolding madness for several painful moments before blinking his revulsion away. Night gave way to day as an enormous fireball scorched the sky. He screamed at the helm to ascend, then ordered all hands to brace after realizing his own ship was on a direct path towards the exploding vessels. He knew in his heart it was far too late to perform any sort of evasive maneuver. They had to ride through.
The immense weight of the cruiser meant she was slow to respond as they hurtled towards the crash site. Jakkaro’s Wrath shuddered as a torrent of super-heated death surged underneath its armored belly. Sailors wailed as the ship rocked back and forth to bone-jarring effect, sending dozens reeling. Parsk felt his own balance fail and grunted angrily as his left shoulder smashed into the deck, the air snatched from his lungs for those precious moments.
The torment passed shortly after as the massive vessel burst into clean air, a smoking ruin of its once proud finery. Some of the heavy fabrics adorning the ship’s hull burned fiercely and were promptly cut loose by quick thinking crews. By Dreaco, the Skritts would pay for this atrocity vowed Parsk, rolling onto his back.
The fleet commander pushed himself back to his feet and surveyed the scene. His crew were already making sure the ship was air worthy. ‘Have the fleet circle around to commence another run. With Jakkaro as my witness the Skritts will burn.’

*****

‘What in Antheon is going on out there?’ cried a gaunt looking Councilor as he raced through the mass of entrenched soldiers, filling the refinery’s outer courtyard. The blaze of orange light filling the sky sent a warm breeze across the defender’s position as the two warships exploded, almost a league away.
Soldiers cheered defiantly to see the destruction wrought upon their foe and renewed their efforts, filling the night with blasts of crackling energy. The fizzing orbs raced into the sky to meet the oncoming threat of floating ships as the bombardment continued, but the Councilor was loathed to take up the cry. His mind became firmly rooted on the terrible devastation falling onto their settlement as the remains of the two vessels plummeted to the ground, destroying buildings and troops below in a harrowing display. His bulging eyes were wild with fear as he took over the desolation and breathed a prayer to the fallen.
‘Why are you just standing here and not ordering a retreat?’ he screeched, blue robes rippling in the rising wind as he approached a stern-faced Councilor nodding at the win.
She turned to him slowly and met his panic-stricken face with unwavering eyes. ‘It’s too late to run now, Ezikios,’ shouted Councilor Bulgar above the roar of clattering engines. ‘The Empire has found us and they’re attacking with all of their damned warships, but I am confident we can hold them.’
The Treasury Master scoffed at her stupidity then looked out across a scene that was utter chaos, tail straightening at the horror of what he saw. Ezikios caught his breath as a slew of Cowldonian cruisers altered their course to engage a nearby storage barn, crammed full of grain and other supplies. Numerous balls of sizzling spheres raced into the sky as soldiers tried desperately to protect the large food bank, but their attacks did little other than scorch the vessel’s thick belly plates.
‘What good is Keir against the armored mass of those glittering hulls at this range?’ Ezikios screeched, pointing to the gallant defenders who continued their attack. ‘You’re just lining us up for the slaughter.’
‘We cannot just sit back and do nothing,’ said Bulgar, ‘we have to fight now or face complete annihilation.’
Ezikios’s whiskers bristled at his companion’s remark. ‘We prepared our defence to withstand a ground assault until the Vanari arrive, we cannot hold out against this. You must listen to reason and help me order a complete evacuation before it’s too late!’
‘And where exactly do you expect us to go?’ a familiar voice cried, forcing Ezikios to turn his head. The Councilor’s bulging eyes narrowed as he spotted the distinct form of his colleague, Councilor Allious, coming towards them.
‘I should have known you’d have had a hand in this, Allious!’ Ezikios hissed as the Master of Resources came to their side. His burgundy robes had long since lost any measure of their former dignity and were frayed heavily at the edges, but he still retained that air of certainty which rubbed Ezikios rotten.
‘Yet the question remains,’ said Allious firmly, adding to his companions darkening mood. ‘Where would you have us go?’
A loud thump of breaking wood drew their gaze as two flaming boulders slammed into the food store roof and into the hold. Soldiers scattered as the seething flames washed over the dried wheat and grain, setting the inside ablaze in a few heart-pounding moments.
Ezikios ground his teeth then turned his angered gaze back to Bulgar. ‘We need to head into the refinery where we can hold out in the mines until reinforcements arrive. It’s our only chance at surviving this bombardment.’
‘We cannot rely on them to arrive in time. For all we know, our messages for aid have not been received. We must make a stand now.’ said Allious defiantly.
‘I’m not interested in your flawed ideas, Allious. Not after last time!’ screeched Ezikios, finally losing his patience. ‘The same thing will happen here as it did in Altrad.’
‘And if we let the enemy pour in unopposed, what then? We will surely fall.’
‘Enough of all this bickering my Councilors!’ yelled Bulgar, coming between them. ‘It’s too late now to change our-’
The Councilor’s voice died in her throat as a high-pitched wail thundered across the sky. Two Squire class warships screamed over their position, firing dozens of thick shafted bolts into the refinery’s courtyard. Soldiers howled as arrows struck home, the flaming heads ignited their fur with ferocious lilac fire.
Bulgar’s scream added to the cacophony of death as one such bolt pierced her back. The Councilor fell to the earth as her clothes burst into flame where the arrow struck, filling the air with a stench of burnt fur and flesh. Allious balked as his nostrils took in the noxious fumes but lunged for his companion nonetheless in a desperate bid to extinguish the blaze with his robe. Fortunately, he was able to douse it quickly, but the damage was already done. Bulgar’s taut features stared blindly into the heavens when Allious rolled her over. His heart became filled with guilt to see a Trian so noble and powerful fall. It reminded him of Rykun.
‘It’s too late for her, Allious! Come on!’ screeched Ezikios, grabbing him by the shoulder. ‘The mines are our only hope of weathering this massacre. You know what I say is true. Help me to get our forces inside!’
Another building exploded into fire close by, sending flaming debris in all directions as a heavy cruiser sailed over their position, dropping more of the accursed bombs.
Allious felt his heart blacken at the thought of abandoning his companion’s lifeless corpse, just as he did for Rykun. The image of his friend racing into the foe came flooding to his mind like a thunderbolt as he looked down on Bulgar, but he knew Ezikios was right. To stay out here amongst this slaughter was suicide. They had to withdraw. If not for them, but for all the troops who would meet the same fate.
He nodded grimly to his companion and rose to his feet, setting his grieving mind to the task. Allious shouted wildly for their troops to withdraw as he and Ezikios fled into the refinery.

*****

Marcus watched quietly from the safety of a rocky outcrop as the bombardment continued. Bursts of colour lit up the skyline in spectacular fashion as his air fleet swarmed the doomed settlement, illuminating his gaunt features. It was a wonderful scene. One that spoke of victory.
He coughed softly into the night, trying to suppress his body’s need to endure another full-blown coughing fit and swallowed a glob of bitter saliva, balking at the taste. His once proud and noble frame stood withered beneath a cloak of black feathers, shrouding his frailty from the world. To him, the weighty garment was more of a burden than a boon, yet he bore it regardless.
He studied the attack keenly. It was still in its infancy, yet he found it difficult to resist the urge to charge headlong into the carnage, despite his deteriorating health. Oh, how he yearned to be among it.
His heart pounded harder in anticipation for the coming storm and his breath shortened. After all this time it was here. The final moments of his plan were tantalizingly close. It had taken all his strength not to commit to the full-scale attack. After all, the hated enemy were yet to reveal themselves fully. He wanted to truly know it was here that they dwelled.
His fake eye glowed deepest crimson as he glanced over his waiting troops, standing in the dead ground below. Their blank expressions assured him they were ready to embrace whatever trials the coming moments would bring. Not a single ounce of fear lurked amongst their ranks. Marcus felt his chest swell with pride and drew a satisfying breath, again resisting the urge to cough. If Lucius were to arrive, he was more than confident his soldiers would show no hesitation in standing with him. The Ascended beings had assured him of that and looking down at them now in their, almost serene-like state, he could well believe it. He had never seen such a calm and restrained force in all his years, especially at the height of all this unrest. Usually, he would have noticed some measure of feelings amongst his men, and himself. An anxious mix of fear and excitement for those ready to sell their lives in their country’s name. To defend its honor wholeheartedly, without question. Yet there was none of that here. The men were completely silent. What was it his children had done to them?
He paused in his revelry, sensing cold eyes upon him. Marcus smiled, then looked to the chained body of a wheezing Trian knelling on the ground. The Ambassador’s face was awash with guilt as he turned away from the slaughter, clearly this historical moment was difficult for him to witness. His discomfit brought more joy to the General’s heart, who savored every morsel of his unrest with blissful content.
‘What’s wrong my friend? I thought you would be happy,’ said Marcus coldly. ‘See how valiantly your troops stand up to the might of an Imperial fleet. It is almost commendable.’
Callus reluctantly turned his gaze back to the settlement and watched as a sea of sizzling orbs raced up from the ground. The smoking rooftops flashed green as hundreds of desperate soldiers cast balls of Keir at their foes in a futile display, but he knew it was all in vain. Nothing could withstand this carnage.
‘There are no words to describe the atrocity you inflict, General.’ said Callus grimly as the flaming shards continued to fall.
‘One such term does exist,’ said Marcus softly, cocking his head towards the Ambassador. ‘Would you like me to tell you?’ Marcus clasped hold of the weighty medal hanging from his neck and leaned close to Callus’s large ears.
Vengeance.
Tears began to fall across the old Trian’s features as he watched his people burn before him. If only he had found some way not to reveal the Council’s location to that hell-spawned creature, none of this would be happening. Trian would have had a chance.
Callus hung his head in shame, unable to watch any longer. A cruel chuckle escaped the General’s lips as he knew his moment was close to arriving. It would just be a little longer. ‘Come my friend, our time is close. Let us go meet it together. Our destiny awaits.’

D.R. Hurley

Twenty Eight


In the rising heat of summer’s day, Freya stood proudly in the centre of her waiting troops, proud in the knowledge justice would finally be delivered.
‘Soon my love, your sacrifice will be avenged. I will strike down your murderers and bring Trian forth into a new era of prosperity and dominance. An age of wealth and triumph the All Father himself could only dream of!’
They stood on the outskirts of Thailen in silence, arranged in two large columns, facing west. Armed Trian’s dressed in humble grabs stood calmly in the morning heat, poised and alert. Ready to strike. Each one bore a crimson fist tattooed onto their skin, now carefully hidden. The mark of the FOT.
The Cowldonians were expecting a peaceful protest, much like before. Only this time, things would be very different.
She watched the tiny blobs of grey uniforms spilling over the horizon keenly. Her feline eyes squinting in the brightness to make out the striped colours of green and brown fluttering in the wind, but she knew it was them. Everything was going to plan.
A wolfish smile spread across her long face as she drank in the moment. ‘Today, history will be made…’


‘Prefect Shannis! Prefect Shannis! A huge air fleet has been spotted circling around Dantioc. They’re bombarding the settlement without mercy.’ the scout’s panic-laced voice cried from atop his mount. His snorting Brer cast waves of steam from its throbbing breath into the cool air along with its master.
Shannis dropped her meagre bowl of provisions. The warm broth soaked into the hungry earth as she leapt to her feet, then darted towards a cluster of large boulders which she scaled with a single leap. The Vanari had been enjoying a much-needed break after a grueling march north, which had brought them close to the mining settlement. Now it seemed the time for the final push had come.
The Prefect scanned the horizon keenly from her new vantage. A vast sense of dread crept into her soul as she gauged the horizon. ‘Slarr’s breath. We’re too late.’ she gasped as her feline eyes cut through the gloom of night, spotting numerous pillars of smoke climbing toward the heavens. ‘How many warships?’ she yelled.
The scout looked up at her, his anguish clear. ‘At least a hundred vessels, maybe more. I’ve never seen so many brought upon one place.’
Shannis threw her startled gaze down and locked eyes with him. Surely, he was mistaken? A silent nod was returned confirming she had heard him right. The Prefect turned her eyes back toward the horizon, trying to picture the situation in her mind. A hundred warships. How in Slarr’s name was she going to attack such an impressive force with this ragtag lot? It cannot be done. One hundred airships, plus their crew and Slarr knows how many more soldiers crammed onto the decks wasn’t a force. It was a damned army. They could not hope to meet that and succeed when their own numbers paled in comparison. Maybe if they were facing a ground assault, they would have stood some slither of chance, but against the air…
A beam of silver light broke through the clouds, catching her arm. Shannis looked up as the twin moons quickly parted once again under a shadowy veil. Were the lapdogs of Tumarr fearful to look at her? She took it as a good omen.
A sly grin parted her long face, reveling her canines. Fine. Let them come. Let them all come and thrice be damned.
If this was indeed how it was going to be, then she would meet it without fear. As Slarr as her witness, she would find a way to succeed. If not, well. She’ll worry about that part later.
Shannis looked down to her waiting troops, her fanged smile broadening.
‘What are your orders, Prefect?’ the scout asked keenly. Shannis made ready to answer but was stilled as new voice called out to them.
‘You say the settlement is besieged. How much further until we reach it?’ cried Lucius, hobbling towards them. The man was gripping the butt of a spear tightly under his arm to form a makeshift crutch. The deep furrows of his wrinkled face betrayed the discomfort he endured as he made his way over. Offidius was with him also, offering to lend his aid wherever he could.
The scout regarded the aging man cautiously as he shuffled closer, then glanced at Shannis, fearful it seemed to disclose such trivial information. But his concerns were quickly set to ease as the gutsy Prefect tipped her head.
‘Less than two leagues.’ he said reluctantly, drawing a groan of approval from the Cowldonian.
‘Is the path ahead clear for us to proceed?’ asked Offidius quickly.
Again, the scout appeared reluctant to answer and turned his hooded face slowly towards the veteran. He replied after a brief pause. ‘Yes. The Empire seems to have entered from the north. But there’s something else we need to worry about.’
‘Such as?’ cried Shannis as she clambered down.
The scout held off his reply until his superior had touched down to keep his voice low. ‘A large force lies in wait amongst the rocks south west of the settlement. We spotted it by accident upon making our return here.’
‘Trying to flush out the Council from the sky while going in on foot,’ pondered Offidius. ‘A risky move indeed. One that screams of desperation.’
Lucius grunted slowly and began to nod. ‘Or a man intent of ending things quickly. That does sound like something he would do. If I know anything about Marcus, it’s that he certainly enjoys the hunt.’
And what barbarity will you inflict upon reaching your prey, old friend!
‘How many did you see?’ asked Shannis.
‘At least five hundred, possibly more. It was difficult to tell from where they were hiding.’
‘He must have deployed his entire reserves to acquire that kind of a force.’ exclaimed Offidius, eyes growing wide.
‘Were you seen?’ the Prefect asked, ignoring the man’s unrest.
The scout gave his reins a sharp tug to still his restless mount then shook his head. ‘I don’t think so. And if I was, they made no obvious signs to engage.’
‘Then we leave at once.’ snapped Shannis, her jade eyes blazing with fire. The Prefect took hold of her twin-headed blade and fixed the scout with a hard stare. ‘Go back to your squad immediately and remain hidden. Whatever evils you witness, do not engage. I don’t want you going near the city until we arrive. Do I make myself clear?’
‘Understood, Prefect. Slarr’s will shine over you.’ replied the scout before riding off into the night.
Shannis turned to the assembling mass of Vanari faces that were beginning to gather after hearing the discussion. The two hooded monks who had otherwise kept to themselves throughout their breather had also approached. The concerned looks etched upon their wrinkled faces brought a shudder of revulsion to her. She looked away and turned back to her troops. ‘My friends. It seems we are too late. The Empire is here and has brought everything to bear against us. We have no choice now but to go on to Dantioc with all haste. But I must warn you, we have a hard fight ahead of us. One that we must not falter before. The enemy’s presence is vast. For all we know, no other aid has come. But we must not let this evil thwart us. Our mission lies solely on protecting the High Council. Nothing else matters!’ she cried, scanning the sea of nervous faces. ‘This shall be the Vanari’s greatest hour. Fight hard. Stay strong. And good hunting!’
The Vanari replied with wordless cries before readying themselves for the final push.
Lucius felt at odds being amidst the Trians’ heartfelt roars, knowing they were about to draw his people’s blood. Yet he felt ashamed to admit he too felt the unshakable desire to ride out and meet this foe. After all, Marcus had betrayed him to enact his own warped desires of vengeance, but it wasn’t the men’s fault. They were just following orders, as good soldiers should.
‘Sire, I don’t mean to state the obvious, but you do realize the full danger of what we ride into?’ said Offidius coolly, breaking his thoughts.
‘Spare me your veiled warnings, Captain, and speak you mind.’ replied Lucius, his brow creasing.
The veteran cleared his throat. ‘Forgive me. It’s just, those warships won’t be able to distinguish friend from foe as the battle rages.’
‘What are you implying?’
‘Perhaps we should shy away from the main assault, at least until we can find a safe way in.’
‘I don’t intend to hide from my duty like some kind of gutter cretin!’ Lucius snapped. ‘Brash decisions must be made if we are to see an end to this chaos.’
‘But, sire, please-’
‘That is the end of the matter, Captain!’ he said finally, detecting the familiar scent of body odor wafting his way. Lucius turned from the veteran officer as the lumbering form of the hulking ogre stomped over. The shiny medal pinned to his vest glittered brightly as it caught a campfire’s light.
Brutus stopped close to his leader, snorting as he looked around at the rummaging Trians. The ogre’s ape-like face became wracked in confusion as he took in the scene. ‘We goes now, Lord-Boss?’ he grumbled, scanning the mass of scurrying Trians, dousing fires and grabbing weapons.
Lucius smiled warmly at the brute. ‘Indeed, we are, my lad. You up for a spot of running?’ he said coyly.

*****

‘This is the last time I’ll ever be carried by a charging ogre!’ cried Lucius as he struggled to breathe under the noxious stream of air raining down on him from Brutus’s mouth. The ogre kept pace surprisingly well with the hoard of galloping camlids, thanks to his lengthy stride, but was breathing heavily as a result of it. If there was any glimmer of concern for his master’s discomfort the ogre did not show it, and kept his beady eyes pinned to the mass of rushing troops that surrounded him.
Offidius smiled to himself from atop his own mount and forced himself to stifle a chuckle. The Trians had thankfully provided him with a Brer to speed up their advance, to which he would have gladly given to his lordship. But the deliberating result of his missing leg meant the Emperor could not ride the beast safely, so was confined to this less than stately transport. He turned his gaze and scanned the horizon.
The torrent of charging Brers left a mighty dust cloud in their wake as the Vanari thundered towards the besieged settlement. Once again foregoing the main trail for fear of discovery, the group made use of the terrain’s rocky exposure. Eventually the landscape levelled, and they broke onto a large rock studded plateau. Shannis cried for her force to stop and yanked on her reins, taming her snarling mount as the settlement’s rising peaks revealed themselves. The sky itself twisted and swelled as hundreds of Imperial warships swirled around the settlement, dropping chunks of burning stone onto the unfortunates below. Rooftops burned and thick smoke darkened the sky further. The Prefect gasped to see such horror unleashed. This was not war, it was genocide.
‘Great Father preserve them.’ breathed Amros as he and Nikita brought their Brers to the fore. The old monk drew the All Father’s mark across his chest and instinctively reached from the stone cubes hanging from his waist. Nikita ground her teeth angrily as memories of the past flooded back to her. ‘Curse them all to Atholly. It’s just like Altrad.’ she hissed, clenching her reins so tightly the leather creaked.
‘You can’t seriously be thinking of going in there?’ said Offidius, as he saw a devious smile forming on the white furred Prefect’s face. ‘They’ll blow us all to smithereens before we even get close.’
‘Then I suggest you wait here and leave the bravery to the real soldiers.’ she hissed, drawing a scowl from the veteran.
‘More like damned foolery.’ the Captain added. 
‘What’s that in the distance?’ cried Nikita suddenly, drawing all eyes.
The Prefect craned her head round and followed the doe’s outstretched hand, scanning the blackened sky. Her feline eyes cut through the night and saw a lone airship heading their way. The unmistakable presence of Cowldonian banners were draped across its hull, though the ship itself appeared more than a little worse for wear.
‘It’s another Empire vessel, heading straight for the settlement!’ replied Shannis.
‘Seems odd to send a lone ship for reinforcements,’ pondered Lucius as the ogre moved beside them. ‘What in Tumarr’s name are you up to Marcus?’ he muttered.
‘We don’t have time to worry about that. Our priority is to secure the High Council members. We must hurry!’ cried the Prefect, cracking her reins.
The Vanari charged forward once again, dismissing the mysterious ship, but as Nikita looked back to the drifting object, she could not shake the feeling that something far worse was now approaching.

D.R. Hurley

Twenty Nine


‘Maidens’ breath, we’re too late!’ exclaimed Lyanna as she regarded the scene of violence playing out before her. The Hibernian stood frozen at the helm of the stolen airship, a tiny hand pressed to her mouth as she reeled in shock from the devastation. Her emerald eyes glistened in the flashing light as she watched hundreds of Imperial warships unleash death upon the hapless souls below. Never in all her years had she witnessed this kind of barbarity firsthand, at least from an intentional perspective. Far from naive, the young princess understood well enough that the province of war was indeed a brutal thing by design, but to see it enacted in all its terrible authenticity was almost too much to bear.
She remained paralyzed by her inner turmoil, much like their own floating vessel, which she had brought to a halt several hundred paces before the settlement’s scorched walls moments earlier. So much so, she failed to notice her Cowldonian companion striding into the pilothouse, his young features twisted in fury, nor hear the frantic cry of his voice calling out her name. It was only when Leos grabbed her shoulder, did she finally register his presence.
‘Get a hold of yourself, Lyanna. Come on, what’s wrong with you?’ he said angrily. ‘I asked you why you have stopped us here? We don’t have time to dawdle.’
The woman blinked away her delirium, focusing her eyes on his, and stuttered a response. It was all she could do it that heart-felt moment.
Leos groaned, cursing under his breath before trying again to reason with her. ‘Don’t you understand the danger we are in? If we just sit out here the fleet will know something’s up with us. Please, Lyanna, we have to go in. Or all this hardship will be for nothing.’
The woman’s mouth opened, but no words came forth. She wanted to speak, to agree with the man, but she couldn’t. When she looked into that maelstrom of death, she saw only their demise. A feeling which brought her mind screaming back to the snow-covered mountains surrounding Anthrea, and the torrent of thundering snow plummeting to her city. To her family. It filled her with terror.
As if in response to her plight, the Hibernian saw two massive shadows walking past the pilothouse windows then enter the cabin. At first, Hotek and Sestik appeared cool as they stood within the cramped confines of the room, heads lowered, wings tucked back to avoid the roof. Soon it became obvious their usual stoic exteriors were starting to fill with looks of genuine concern. Their presence did little to comfort her.
‘We sense your dismay, but the Cowldonian is right. To linger here invites disaster. We must move on.’ said Hotek grimly, drawing a grunt of approval from his twin.
‘My brother is right,’ added Sestik, ‘the abomination has not led us astray, yet. We must continue to follow his path.’
‘Finally, some sense from you two.’ muttered Leos, but his comment was ignored.
Lyanna stood open-mouthed, ready to protest, but was cut off as a screeching hiss tore through the night, drawing all eyes.
The party watched in silence as a lone blast of Kier sored over the bow and headed portside. Though several paces clear, it remained a worryingly close encounter. Lyanna tracked the orb’s path and watched as it fizzled away into nothing a few seconds later.
‘Don’t you understand? It’s too late. we have failed. Nothing can survive that barrage!’ she said, watching as the man’s eyes suddenly grew distant.
‘The Emperor still lives. I … can feel it. I know he does,’ said Leos, regaining himself. ‘There is little other choice if you wish to succeed in saving him.’
‘You’re talking suicide.’
‘No, Lyanna. There’s still a chance. Remember our ship bears the Empire’s colours. We can slip through the fleet long enough to get to the Emperor, but we have to hurry. Our opportunity is closing.’
‘And what about the Trians, Leos. Have you thought about them? They will shoot us down the moment they can.’
‘Just hold our course and try to avoid the worst of the fire. I’ll deal with the Trians.’
The woman scoffed. ‘How can we expect to find him amongst all this carnage? It is folly to think so.’
Leos let go of his hold on her and stepped closer to the glass windows overlooking the bow.
Cursed child! Why must you always seek to defy me? he thought, clenching his fists. The man had little time to spare for her hesitations. He was beyond such concerns now. They had to act.
He closed his eyes and took a calming breath, letting go his frustration so to allow his conscious to reach out. ‘He is very close. Perhaps a league at most,’ he said calmly after a few agonizing moments. ‘Head for the largest building you can see, and we can move on from there.’
The Hibernian looked at him curiously. A strange feeling in her stomach screamed caution to her. She instinctively let go with her senses and tried read the man’s feelings. For the briefest of moments, she detected a glimmer of deceit issuing from him. It was instantly hidden.
Leos’s eyes flashed towards her as his emotions suddenly vanished from woman’s senses. Had he just shut her out? Impossible, how could he have known she was reading him?
The man said nothing then made to leave, halting in the doorway as she called out to him.
‘I’m not so sure I can do this, Leos. It doesn’t feel right.’
‘Nothing’s felt right since the moment I woke up in that damned prison.’ he said darkly, before looking over his shoulder. ‘If you’re not up to the task then I suggest you go hide below deck. I will steer us through.’
The woman stiffened. ‘No thank you. I’m right where I need to be.’ she said, her blue cheeks darkening.
‘Then quit whining and send us in. Time is short.’
The woman snorted at his remark and narrowed her eyes, but he was already gone, striding onto the wind-swept deck without looking back. She cursed his name and gripped the helm. A tiny hand reached out and pulled the main release valve, redirecting pressure into the engines. The ship’s aft rotors responded almost instantly, building in speed until she felt the gentle sway of movement nudging her.
The lone vessel headed into its doom valiantly, passing over the once proud walls of chiseled stone surrounding the mining settlement. Smashed beyond all recognition of its former glory, the city’s boarders lay claim to a plethora of ongoing destruction as the bombardment continued. A scene highlighted by the growing haze of amber light as rooftops within the colony burned. Almost instantly, they were meet by a torrent of floating structures. Warships of all sizes sailed back and forth on bombing runs, like a swarm of angry bees protecting their hive. Chunks of burning rock plummeted to the ground while stalwart crews unleashed hundreds of thick hafted arrows from heavy crossbows. Their stone tips igniting with equal ferocity as their larger counterparts. The sky trembled as the roar of clattering engines filled all ears, it was almost enough to drown out the screams of those dying below.
The party watched anxiously as they drove headfirst into the devastation, fearful they wouldn’t survive the coming storm unscathed. Lyanna’s youthful face glistened with sweat as she desperately worked the helm, weaving the Bishop class airship in and around the settlement’s vaulted buildings or evading numerous bursts of trailing Keir. Rank air poured through the open windows of the pilothouse, stinging her eyes as hundreds of smoldering roofs spewed noxious fumes into the night. It left a bitter taste in her mouth, but she held their course. The lofty towers of the refinery could be seen rising out of the smoke which became her bearing. She tried to maintain a direct path, but it was incredibly difficult. The press of drifting ships choking the sky were getting denser and it quickly became apparent they were sailing against the flow.
Lyanna spared a glance at the street after putting their ship into a steep dive to avoid an oncoming vessel, its crew hurling abuse for her reckless maneuver as they passed overhead. She saw dozens of dead Trians littering the ground. Most of them were soldiers, but a heartbreaking amount were not. Their bodies left to rot in the crimson wrought gutters where they fell.
‘Maidens’ grace, how can they do this?’ breathed the woman, her voice little more than a whisper. Her heart filled with woe to see such bloodshed.
Leos glanced in her direction after sensing her feelings and shook his head, his knotted hair flowing wildly in the rushing air. It surprised him to know how much she cared for the Trians. To him, they were nothing more than a distraction. An obstacle which had to be crossed in order to obtain the real prize.
The Hibernian caught sight of the gesture and frowned. ‘Doesn’t any of this bother you?’
Leos threw his eyes towards her and held her gaze. ‘The only thing I care about is getting to the Emperor and stopping Zion.’
Another bolt of searing light raced toward the heavens, narrowly missing their ship. It was followed by several Squire class strike vessels charging overhead which had just delivered a flurry of flaming arrows to the streets below. Leos froze as he watched the ships’ crew begin to point at their own vessel and wondered at their interest. His concerns grew to fear as the nimble ships came around for a second pass, this time dangerously close to their own. The fluttering banners of the signalers began waving frantically as they tried to communicate, but he could only guess at their meaning. Maybe they were trying to find out why they weren’t in formation? It was then he realized the brothers were on deck with him.
You fool! How stupid are you not to hide them from sight? he thought. The man felt his panic grow as the bemused signalers began squawking at their commanders, pointing towards the feathered companions. Maybe they would just sail on and let them be? He was given little time to query.
Their ship creaked angrily as it was thrown hard to port. The engines’ whine soared as they started to breakaway. The unexpected maneuver drew a gasp of shock from Leos, who had to grasp hold of the rails as his balance suddenly faltered. To his dismay, the man watched as the distant towers of the refinery now trailed sideways as their bearing headed north.
‘What are you doing? We have to go that way!’ he cried pointing at the now diminishing building.
Lyanna’s face remained firm, despite his anger. ‘Those ships were on to us. We had to break away.’
She put them into a steep climb. The deck seemed to fall away from Leos as they hurtled up into the heavens so that a heavy cruiser could be avoided. He ground his teeth angrily at her response and stalked closer to the pilothouse, one hand still gripping the rail tightly.
‘Don’t be ridiculous. There’s no way they could have known!’ he yelled, increasing his pace as they began to level out. His seething mind was intent on turning them back, when a series of thick hafts slammed into the deck. Leos grunted as a weighty arrow gashed his leg and fell to the floor. The scream of his companion rising over the din of whirling rotors was the last thing he heard before hitting the deck.

*****

Lyanna watched in horror from the safety of the Pilothouse as a second volley peppered their ship, crying the man’s name as he fell. She was given no time to wonder at his condition as the Squire class vessels prepared for another pass. They must have circled around the moment they had fled and were now intent on bringing them down. She reacted quickly to the attack, banking starboard so that their hull rose to protect them as they tried to escape, but she knew it would only be a matter of time before their pursuers caught up. Risking a glance to the stern, she saw their aggressors were already turning. The nimble ships were much too fast to avoid and gunned the engines to their limit.
Her eyes darted back to Leos and found he was already rising. Dark liquid stained his trousers where the arrow had sliced his flesh. A pent-up breath escaped her lips to see him mostly unscathed, but the joyous feeling quickly turned to one of dread as she continued to watch. His pale features became twisted in anger as he regained himself, and his eyes burned with a hatred so fierce it frightened her beyond reason. Never had she seen anyone so enraged. The terrible sense of dread rose within her.
No sooner was he up, the man bolted for the stern; teeth clenched. A ball of crackling light appeared within his hands, its writhing colour dark as night. Lyanna cried desperately for him to stop, the dreadful feeling now flooding across her soul, but he ignored her pleas. Nothing would stop him.
Leos hurled the seething orb at the incoming vessel with a wordless roar. Its fizzing mass soared through the night and smashed into the airship’s hull, ripping it in half with a blaze of thundering fire. The explosion breached the gasbag, detonating the volatile vapor trapped within its thick skin.
The Screams of the dying filled his ears as the broken wreck plummeted from the sky, crashing through a burning rooftop.
He stood frozen before his handiwork absorbing every shocking detail in silence, marveling at the devastation he had caused. Orange light illuminated his pale form. His anger now replaced by a menacing smile. The destruction he’d wrought bestowed an incredible sense of jubilation within him. It cast his mind back to the harrowing days of his tortured youth, locked within a tomb of glass. The long years of suffering had finally yielded something in return. He realized it now, in that lone heartbeat of time. His chance to draw some sliver of goodness from a lifetime of suffering and bloodshed.
His pupils dilated as he detected a familiar presence call out to him from amidst the whirling chaos of battle. The distant utterings of a forbidden language played delicately around his conscious, its meaning once unknown, now blissfully clear. He allowed it to proceed.
And now finally you understand, it slithered. In this moment, lies another taste of what is so rightfully yours. Heed it well, oh Father. None shall ever stand in your way hence forth if you so wish.
His dark eyes drifted slowly to his hands. The faintest traces of lilac energy lingered in his palms. Indeed, he did wish it. All of it. To embrace every ounce. The fierce loathing he bore for this power since regaining his mind suddenly began to melt away into one of acceptance. Perhaps they were right. After all, why shouldn’t he be allowed to harness this gift after everything he had endured? He was entitled to it.
He turned around, the smile already fading, and found the emerald eyes of his companion bathed in fear. He knew the girl would never accept him for what he was. For what he could do. Her tiny mind was set deeper than the roots of the Belt. Why should he waste any more time skittering around her fragile feelings?
The great mane of crimson hair swayed back and forth as the Hibernian shook her head. ‘Why did you do that? After what happened last time.’
The man kept his eyes forward as he began to walk. ‘I saved us. That’s all that matters.’ he said darkly, striding past the cabin. He appeared proud of his actions. It galled her to see he was becoming more and more accustomed to using that accursed power.
Leos felt his senses bristle at her unease but cared little for her anguish. The truth was he was tired of it. Too long had this girl’s prehistoric views plagued his decisions, but no more. From now on he would do things his way. He came onto the forward deck where he was meet with the distrustful gazes of the two brothers. At least they accepted him for what he was.
He thought about querying their interest in him, then halted as the second Squire class ship raced overhead. The downward draft from its aft rotors rocked their vessel’s gasbag, which in turn made the hull tremble.
Leos grasped the handrail, his knuckles whitening, and snarled as he watched the tiny airship zip away. The twin flags at its stern flapped in unison as signalers relayed their discovery to nearby vessels before circling back. His fears turned to horror as two massive Duke class cruisers stopped with their bombardment and set a direct path towards them.
‘This isn’t good.’ he said, catching the glint of metal as soldiers lined against the hull drew their swords.
‘They mean to board us!’ bellowed Sestik, readying his spear in a twohanded stance.
‘You better get us out of here, Lyanna.’ cried Leos as the Squire ship came racing up from behind and drew level with them, hovering a few feet from their gasbag before slowly descending. Its armored hull pushed into the thick lining of the gasbag, holding them in place.
The woman ground her teeth as their ship began to vibrate wildly and fought to maintain the helm. ‘That maniac has got us pinned. You’ll have to do something about him first!’ she cried as a beam of emerald light illuminated the cabin. ‘Stop shooting at us, you stupid fools! We’re on your side!’ she wailed as the searing orb grazed their hull, thankfully only scorching the wooden planks.
Leos craned his head over the side, then struck the rails. ‘I can’t, we’re too close. The explosion would take us with it.’ he said, watching as the Duke cruisers continued to close the distance. They were little more than a hundred paces away now.
A hulking form came to his side and surveyed the scene. ‘This now falls to us!’ cried Hotek, drawing and affirming nod from his twin. The brothers unfolded their great nutbrown wings, dappled in warpaint, then leapt up into the night.
They flew up as one, shooting over the buzzing ship with several hard beats, before one of them pitched into a steep dive. Hotek released a piercing shriek from his stout maw as he descended, freezing the unsuspecting crew. He slammed onto the deck of the encroaching vessel a heartbeat later, the wooden planks splintering beneath his clawed feet. The helmsmen’s eyes were one of sheer terror as the enormous creature thrust the butt of his thick spear into his stomach. Hotek threw him across the deck in one swift movement, sending him crashing into the rails. The warrior reached for the helm and spun it hard to port, moving the vessel clear of the ship below. Once safely out of the way, Sestik committed to his own dive, flying across the hull at breakneck speeds. His bone-handled dagger lashed out, cutting several securing lines anchoring the ship to its gasbag as his brother leapt into the night with a beat of his giant wings. The Volanti flapped in unison as they hovered in the air, watching the crippled airship descend into darkness for several moments before gliding back.
Leos greeted the pair with hands on hips as they landed gracefully before him. ‘Not too bad,’ he grunted, drawing their piercing gaze. ‘Almost makes me glad you stuck around.’
Hotek responded with a stiff nod, but the moment was short lived. For in the next moment, two hulking cruisers rose up either side of their ship, preventing any escape. Dozens of grim-faced soldiers locked eyes with them, each one bursting with fury.
‘We must withdraw. There’s too many of them to overcome!’ cried Sestik, waving for Lyanna to come forth. The Hibernian, sensing his intentions, locked the helm before running over. She knew the only chance they had left was to fly out of this on the brothers’ backs.
Leos ground his teeth angrily as she ran onto deck. ‘No, we can take them!’ he snarled. Lilac fire surrounded his hands as he prepared to repel the boarders. ‘Just get ready to move off.’
‘It’s over, Leos. Accept it,’ pleaded Lyanna. ‘We’ll have a better chance once we’re on the ground.’
At that moment, a terrible shriek tore through the night, freezing all hands. The gut-wrenching wail appeared distant at first, then became louder with rapid intensity. Lyanna gasped as she watched dozens of winged creatures shoot past one of the cruiser’s length at incredible speed. A blur of metallic shards ensued, followed by the distinct twang of snapping rope as the entire airship dropped from existence seconds later.
The tiny group had only a moment to register what had happened before a bout of frozen air washed over them, driving their bemused expressions to the other side of their ship. Seconds later, a large shard of ice hammered into the deck of the other cruiser, knocking dozens of its crew over the sides. The Duke rocked hard from the impact, knocking into their own ship, then immediately banked starboard to avoid a second barrage.
Leos raced over to the rails, cursing out loud as to what was happening, and looked up. ‘Tumarr’s breath. I don’t believe it.’ he gasped as he spotted a new battery of sleek warships clogging the sky.


D.R. Hurley

Thirty


‘Blood of the sky god, where did that force come from?’ swore Fleet Commander Parsk as a barrage of ice-covered shafts hammered down the length of Jakkaro’s Wrath, scattering the crew. The seasoned officer flinched as a sleek wooden airship soared overhead after unleashing the deadly volley. He picked out the distinct symbol of a five-pointed flower draped over its brightly coloured hull, eyes widening with a mix of disbelief and awe.
‘Call off the attack immediately,’ he yelled to a pair of equally bemused signalers, struggling to stand under the relentless hail of raining shards. ‘I want all ships to redirect and engage the enemy fleet. Helmsman, bring us about!’
A torrent of high-pitched screeches pierced the commander’s senses, turning his blood cold. He turned his startled gaze towards the pondering form of their sister vessel, Tumarr’s Might, sailing less than a quarter league to the stern. The vessel became swarmed by a rush of blurred feathers, zipping over the hull. Parsk reeled in horror as he watched the warship’s crew being plucked from the deck by thick hafted spears, gripped firmly between hands as strong as iron. Securing ropes were slashed in the flurry, causing a horrifying crack of twisting wood as the great airship rolled to one side. The hapless crew hung tightly to the railings as the ground suddenly opened to them while others plummeted to the earth. The fleet commander’s anger soared. He wanted to scream at the unfolding madness. What was happening to his beloved air fleet?
A colossal being landed on his ship with a painful thud, breaking his delirium. Great wings as wide as a man was tall began folding behind its back as it readied a massive spear in a twohanded grip. The commander felt his heart leap against his chest as he beheld the feathered giant, clad in armor fashioned from bone. Its razor-sharp eyes were the colour of beaten egg and its stout maw charcoal. The creature’s auburn feathers were streaked with bands of bright paint in various places. Its taloned feet cut heavy furrows in the deck as it leapt into action. The officer was well versed in the stories surrounding the ancient race of birdmen known as the Volanti, but never in all his life had he ever seen one of them in the flesh. Like most who walked this world, he believed that lost civilization was simply a myth. The sight of this legendary creature making short work of his men was a terrifyingly beautiful sight. The heavy spear it bore moved through the air with such speed he could barely keep track of its graceful movement. The officer doubted he could even lift it. He stood paralyzed by this tempest of destruction wreaking havoc amongst his crew. It was only when he saw the deadly weapon burst out of his boatswain’s back, that he broke his trance.
Parsk drew a prototype repeater pistol from his waist and fired as the ancient sprung towards him with a flap of its huge wings. The weapon’s bark tore like a thunderclap as it discharged a heavy pellet into the thing’s head, killing it instantly. However, such was the beast’s momentum it continued its path towards the veteran, who had to leap sideways to avoid being crushed.
He holstered the smoking pistol and looked down at the dead corpse warily, a pool of thick fluid spread from its unmoving form. He turned his gaze to the new vessels. The Hibernians and the Volanti were fighting against them. For Trian! How could such a union ever had come to pass? Why were they not fighting alongside him? The sudden emergence of this new threat was deeply concerning, but he forced himself to remain calm. After all, this was war and even the soundest of plans were susceptible to change. This was no exception.
He quickly set his mind to ease and focused his thoughts on drawing up a new strategy. If the Hibernians wanted a fight, then by Jakkaro he would gladly give it to them.

*****

Lord Ellious surveyed the roving storm of violence his troops were plunging into with a sense of trepidation. Though fear of the coming conflict was obviously a concern, it was not the main reason for the surge of guilt harrying his soul. His old eyes scanned the whirling madness from the poop deck of his flagship, Ja’mia’s Grace, carefully. First catching the Mallius, whose lengthy hull gave home to dozens of blue flashes as casters brought forth the Eyther in the form of shards of glittering ice. Their eyes glowed with blue fire as the Maidens’ presence gave them strength. Then on to the Arrellious. A haulage barge usually stacked with wheat and grain, now crammed full of giant warriors, leaping over the side in tiny groups to engage the enemy. He drew this all in and wondered how it was they had come to this? What had birthed the madness that had forced their hand?
It should never have come to this. Calling his troops against those they once counted as friend to protect another of their allies. Truly, it was a dark day in his nation’s history. But what choice did they have? Innocent lives have been threatened and as for the lost heir…
‘Still your mind, young Steward,’ a deep voice rumbled close to his side, ‘twas not your hand that forced this engagement. What you do here now will be remembered as such.’
Ellious grunted deeply then tuned his gaze towards the massive form of the Volanti Elder, Magos, and began to nod. The ancient creature stood flanked by a pair of particularly dower looking birdmen, who towered mightily over the Steward’s humble form. The three of them completely dominated the command deck and left little room for the Steward’s advisors to attend. Ellious let his eyes linger on the birdman’s colossal form for a few moments. His swollen body was shrouded by a pair of immense wings hiding it from the world. Dozens of tiny bone-sculpted totems nestled amongst his autumn feathers, whirled frantically in the crisp breeze. A cloak of deepest crimson lay draped over his colossal shoulders, fastened with a bone clasp, which was also flapping wildly. Streaks of vibrant paint were smeared under his rust coloured eyes, a thing adopted by his entire war host. Ellious caught his breath at the sight of him. To think he would be in the presence of the ancient race, after all his years. To be standing side by side on an account of war, fighting with such powerful and noble creatures.
He looked to the hull of his sleek cruise ship and studied the ranks of spear wielding titans lined amongst his troops. The thought of facing such an opponent brought terror to his heart. Thank the gods they were standing on the same side.
‘You still believe we will find her here? Amongst all this chaos?’ he said hopefully to the Volanti Elder, whose squat head twisted to meet his.
‘Indeed, she is. I sense your queen is very close to the Trian High Council. The wheels of fate have steered her thus.’
‘Then we head for them at once,’ said Ellious firmly. ‘I’ll not stand to lose another Darntro after so many years of absence. Hibernia needs her.’
He cast his eyes over the collection of assorted ships fighting as one, marveling in its presence. To think his people had come forth willingly upon hearing the news of their queen in danger. Almost every Baron from every region of Hibernia had pledged their assistance in aiding the last living heir to the throne, mustering any vessel they could find. Not since the days of old when the great kings and queens had sat on the throne was there ever seen such a display of unity. It was a truly wonderous feeling.
Her presence had indeed strengthened them and re-ignited the once dormant fires of hope their crumbling nation so desperately needed. For this show of loyalty, he owed it to her to succeed. For Hibernia.
A deep groan rumbled from the Elder’s throat, carrying over the chattering engines.
‘Go to her, for your people’s sake. I fear your queen will need them most when the time comes.’
‘What exactly do you mean by that?’ the Steward asked warily. His words were met only with silence. Lord Ellious sensed the ancient was withholding some vital piece of knowledge but was denied the chance to press him further after a gruff voice suddenly cut in.
‘What are your orders, your grace?’ bellowed a hulking officer, striding up the stairs from the main deck. His ruddy face was lined with a thick curly beard the colour of coal and fluttered wildly over his barrel chest.
Ellious turned to his commander in chief of the fleet and decided to forget the matter of the Elder’s veiled meaning, choosing instead to relay a new set of orders. ‘Admiral Barlus, give word for our troops to make a pass over the largest refinery in the settlement’s heart. Concentrate all efforts to clear airspace of foreign invaders so that the Trian High Councilors have time to retreat.’
‘I’ll see to it at once, sire. With the grace of the Maidens shining over our backs they won’t stand a chance.’ the burly officer said joyfully. Barlus turned, but not before shooting a wary glance towards their new-found companions before departing. He grunted softly to himself, then made his way back down, shouting to his men. Even amongst Hibernian standards, the officer was large, but his giant form paled in comparison to the domineering presence of the Volanti Warriors crammed on his deck. Ellious registered his hesitation and wondered if such was the cause of the officer’s apparent distrust of the creatures.
He watched Barlus’s portly form limp over to the boatswain. The silver ribbons adoring his cyan overcoat swayed gently as he took a healthy draught of Hogsweed Ale from a small cask hanging from his waist.
‘Prepare to make way,’ he yelled, wiping the amber fluid’s residue from his chin. ‘Send word for all ships to head east. Target the refinery and secure the perimeter. These hounds will learn to fear the sweet taste of Hibernian fury!’ A meaty hand landed on the boatswain’s back which was followed by a crack of harsh laughter as the crisp flags of the signalers raced back and forth to deliver the word.

*****

Captain Parmen leapt to his side as a flaming shard of rock plummeted to the ground a short distance away, showering him in glowing shards of lilac fire.
‘Brainless swamp crawlers!’ he cried, raising his sword arm into the night. The officer resumed his stalk through the darkened streets a few moments later, desperate to find something to sake his surging anger on. His father’s sword lashed out at a quivering Trian, catching the rodent’s throat as it tried to flee before his rage. Dark fluid poured down its chest as the pitiful creature collapsed to the ground. Its gurgling death screams did little to lift the youth’s blackened mood. A leather boot slammed into the Skritt’s dead body for good measure before moving on. ‘The stupid fool! He’s committed everything we have to this assault and forgot to guard our flanks.’ he spat as a crimson-hulled vessel surged overhead, launching bolts of frozen air at one of their ships.
His presence upon entering this rotten settlement had been filled with a most unwelcomed peril in the form of their own airships seeking fresh victims. Clearly, the braindead idiots up there had forgotten the General’s plan of not engaging targets in this sector. His troops were paying the price for it. He’d already been separated from the main assault after a huge mid-air explosion sent torrents of flaming debris into the narrow streets and was trying his damnedest to regroup. At least now the arrival of this mysterious fleet would take the pressure of his forces from having to avoid the worst of the bombardment. 
He cast his gaze briefly into the continuing storm of violence and ground his teeth as a mass of blurred feathers raced in and out of the carnage. ‘And now the Ancients are involved? Dreaco, take me now and see an end to my misery!’ he cursed bitterly. To think that misguided oaf, Zion, had sought to deny what was rightfully his after this most monumental of blunders galled him to his core. The fires of his explosive temper threatened to overcome him as he struggled to let go the humility of yesterday’s chastisement.
He slashed violently at a charging soldier, his sword smashing into the rodent’s wrist as he tried to attack causing him to drop his blade, then thrust deep with his sword arm. The man didn’t even stop to watch the cretin’s lifeforce pass, and angrily threw him to the ground before racing up at set of stone steps, leading to the settlement’s walled boarders. He looked out to the darkness, caring little for the battle raging around him, and released a wordless roar to the night. When it was done, the youth kicked over a nearby water barrel. Its contents gushed downed the steps he had just climbed. ‘May the Dark Uncle show no mercy when you arrive!’ he screeched as another of one of their warships fell from the sky, crashing into the rocky landscape outside the settlement.
He pictured his leader clearly in his head and snarled, cursing him for his stupidity. Parmen cared little for the General’s obsession of tracking down the High Council and quickly decided that he was actually glad to have been removed from the man’s presence. He stared blindly into the blood-soaked metal of his glittering blade for some time, lost within himself as the sounds of battle played around him. A few moments later, Parmen sheathed his family’s sword and slumped over the wall, drawing in slow breaths to ease his beating heart. It would do no good. This miserable campaign was almost over, he could feel it in his soul. His quest to prove himself a worthy heir was likely to fail, despite his best efforts. His father’s longstanding prediction of his son’s lack of usefulness was proving right after all. He would amount to nothing and become a laughingstock amongst his peers. Curse the stubborn fool in his grave!
He rolled over, pushing his back into the wall, then slumped to the ground. A fist thumped into his brow to prevent his eyes leaking any moisture. It was in this moment of despair he heard the faintest sounds of whispering voices permeate the air.
Parmen flinched at the distant hiss and instinctively raised his sword-arm, searching for the source, but found he was completely alone. A heartbeat later, the voices returned, stronger this time. His dark eyes widened. His heart raced as the unfamiliar words danced seductively around his ears.
‘Whose there?’ he yelled to the night, rising to his feet. The answer he sought came within his mind.
An image of those pale creatures the General entertained flashed before his mind’s eye startling him. He stumbled before its intensity, clasping the wall with his only hand, and shook his head in a bid to remove the burning image. But the words persisted. A strange sound composed of many voices playing over one another started coming together as one. It soothed his reeling conscious. Caressed his anger, stilling it for a time. The youth stood frozen for what felt like an age. The words, now very pleasing to his ear, came louder with every passing thump of his heart. He embraced its touch upon him. Yearned for it.
Now we have you… the voice hissed. But the youth was too enthralled to care. He let the sound wash over him and bring serenity to his body. As the fires in his belly finally receded into gentle embers, so too did the voices, leaving behind a sickening emptiness.
Do not despair, young wolf. Your true path unfolds… it slithered.
Parmen released a series of short breaths as he tried to regain his composure, until the voice called to him once more.
Behold, your destiny approaches…
It was then he noticed the distinct sound of trampling hooves carrying in the wind. He looked back to the chilling darkness enveloping Trian’s landscape and reached for the viewing glass nestled within his tunic. He extended it with a snap to its longest position and looked into the night.
A large party of Trian rebels were galloping towards them under the veil of darkness. He didn’t notice the whispering voices had returned, his attention too fixed on the intruders.
‘Foolish rat-things. What in Dreaco’s name do they think they will achieve?’ he scoffed.
He looked again into the charging mass, trying to decide if they posed any real threat. The lack of light proved difficult to see but he was able to pick out the distinct outline of a hulking ogre, carrying something in its trunk-like arms.  He spotted a Cowldonian officer traveling close by. Parmen almost choked as he recognized the unmistakable form of his former colleague, Captain Offidius. He was sure the Emperor must also be with him.
‘So, the arch traitor has returned.’ he said venomously. A wicked smile parted his thin lips which broadened as the seductive words in his head came to the fore. As his anger rose, one of the voices became clear and whispered sweetly in his ear.
Go. Take back what is yours. Earn the respect you deserve and rise a true champion…
Captain Parmen ground his teeth as his path finally became clear. A second chance was presented to him. He would complete his mission after all and destroy all those who stood in his way. This time, nothing was going to stop him.
He cast his gaze back to the burning settlement and set to the task of regrouping with his men.


*****

‘He did it. He actually did it! Argoed delivered the message! Lord Ellious has summoned the fleet to help us!’ wailed Lyanna as she drank in the magnificent sight of red and cyan coloured hulls pouring into the mayhem of Cowldonian ships. Her emerald eyes glistened at the sight of her nation’s colours sailing through the sky to meet the oppressive force. The vast majority of the air fleet was made up of navy warships, but a great many also comprised of non-military vessels. Shipping barges and transport vessels to name but a few, all fighting together under one banner. Her family’s banner. It brought a surge of feelings within to see her country united at this unprecedented hour.
‘It’s not just the Hibernians he’s brought. Look over there!’ yelled Leos, pointing to the swarms of birdmen leaping off the assortment of ships, wielding heavy spears between muscular arms. The woman’s dumb-struck expression passed from the blurred mass of feathered warriors hurtling through the sky to the brothers, who shared an approving nod with each other.
‘You knew they would come, didn’t you? That’s why you came back. You’re the reason they’re here.’ she said, drawing their gaze. For once, the brothers’ steely expression changed to one of amusement.
‘It’s true we suspected the flock would arrive,’ replied Hotek in an even tone. ‘But it is not for our sake. They come because of you. Your people have rallied and stand united to see you return, Queen of the North. And ours wish to see it also.’
The Hibernian’s face slackened as she took in his words. A first she sought to deny them, but the sight of so many vessels coming together forced her to accept the truth of what was said. It moved her to behold such a thing. After all the long years of self-imposed exile, thinking she could never return for a mistake which had claimed so many lives, her people had responded. They wanted to accept her. To make her their own. It brought tears to her eyes.
‘I can’t believe this is happening.’ she said, wiping her damp cheeks as another Cowldinian vessel was brought down. The brothers nodded silently in response, but her reaction caused a scowl to form on Leos’s rugged features.
‘I hate to break up this tender moment, but we’re still in the middle of a massive air battle. And lest you forget, we’re still bearing the Emperor’s colours.’ he said curtly, bringing the mood back to a more appropriate level.
Lyanna smiled weakly and quickly set her mind back to the task at hand. ‘You’re right. We need to make the most of this distraction while we’re able. I’ll set our course for the refinery. Hopefully we can still make it.’ she said, her confidence growing.
‘Finally, something we can agree on.’ came the man’s reply, but she was already moving; her giant mane swaying as she went.
Lyanna jogged over to the pilothouse and leapt inside, unlocking the helm with a yank of a brass leaver. She had barley grasped hold of the tiller when their airship lurched violently to one side, making her stumble. The woman gasped as an orb of crackling energy ripped into the vessel’s hull, sending the other party members reeling. It was quickly followed by two more impacts, as Trian warriors hiding atop a large pillar of rock, tried to bring them down. One blast caught the upper section of the forward deck, shearing the thick cords of rope securing the gasbag.
Lyanna cursed as the hull listed starboard, drawing a cry from Leos as the man lost his footing and slid across the deck towards the now missing rails. His blood drained as the ground instantly rose to meet him but was saved when a giant hand locked firmly onto his shoulder just as he was going over the side. Leos looked up and met the piercing eyes of Hotek staring down at him. The Volanti had saved him once again from an untimely death. He exchanged a silent glance with the startled man before getting back to his feet. Leos nodded his thanks, but they were not out of it yet. The airship continued to plummet from the sky at a rate of knots. The pair looked towards the rising rooftops as Lyanna desperately fought to maintain their course, uttering a string of curse in her native tongue, but it was no use. The ship was going down.
‘She’s coming in hard. Everyone, grab hold of something quick!’ she cried over the din of rushing air.


D.R. Hurley

Thirty One


The party braced themselves as the Bishop class airship plummeted from the sky, much faster than anticipated. In a heartbeat, the forward landing gear was ripped apart as the wounded vessel smashed nose-down into the ground to bone-jarring effect. Sods of compact earth were thrown skyward as the steel plates of the armored hull cut a deep furrow into the narrow street with no sign of stopping. A crescendo of screeching metal and splintering wood filled all ears as the airship hurtled into the corner of a large building in a spectacular display of choking dust and broken timbres.
Lyanna screamed as she was thrown to the floor. The resulting impact shattered the pilothouse windows, covering her in glass while her companions careered across the buckling forward deck.
Leos cursed as he fell, landing face first on the deck with a pain-induced groan. His pallid flesh became streaked with crimson fluid as a gushing wound flowed from his temple. He caught an image of the Volanti warriors barreling past him as they too were cast down. Their feathered forms consumed within the tumbling debris.
After several excruciating heartbeats the chaos settled. An eerie silence fell over the fateful scene as the wrecked airship finally became still. Several painful groans came out of the settling dust.
Leos grimaced, along with the others, as he slowly rolled to his knees. His shaking body throbbed from numerous impacts alongside the thumping pain in his skull. Specks of warm liquid seeped into the wooden planks as he wiped the blood clean from his eyes. He detected the faintest sway of motion as the broken airship bobbed gently up and down. Looking up, he saw the vessel’s gasbag, still captured by a lone restraint, was forcing itself up against the building’s upper floors in a bid to escape.
A weighty thump of falling wood caught his attention. He rolled his head to see Sestik’s dust-covered mass lifting debris from his brother.
‘You Hibernians have much to learn about the beauty of flight.’ rasped Hotek as he was pulled to his feet. The Volanti clasped his brother’s arm tightly and nodded his thanks.
‘What are you talking about? She hasn’t killed us. I’d say that was a success.’ countered Leos as he saw the equally distressed woman emerge from the remains of the pilothouse. Her giant mane of crimson hair was wildly unkept and powdered white. Her face lined with several cuts.
‘Okay, now what?’ she asked half dazed while staggering towards them.
Leos pushed himself to his feet, groaning from the strain of bruised muscles, and took a moment to focus his mind. He found it particularly difficult due to the constant ringing in his ears. ‘I’m, not sure. We landed a fair way off course.’
The Hibernian blinked in confusion. ‘Don’t you know where we are?’
‘That’s not what I’m saying,’ he said, grinding his teeth at her lack of patience. ‘We need to head somewhere over in that direction, I think.’ he said pointing towards the smoke-filled skyline. Leos felt his new-found senses bristle as he picked up the swell of emotions rising within his companion. He knew she was angry, but it was hardly his fault. The fact they had made it this far, relatively unscathed, was a miracle in itself. Why did she have to be so awkward? A deep sigh escaped his lips in preparation for her outburst.
‘You think?’ she hissed, taking a few shaky steps closer. ‘I’m afraid you’re going to have to do a lot better than that, Leos. In case you haven’t noticed, we’re knee deep in a warzone here with no clue as to where the Emperor is. I think we’re going to need a little more clarity then, I think, from you.’
‘I’m sorry, I was too busy trying not to die instead of logging our trajectory.’ he said scornfully.
‘If you hadn’t destroyed those warships, we would still be airborne.’
‘At least I’m trying to do something, Lyanna. Not standing on the sidelines like so obnoxious little brat!’ he snapped, a little firmer than he intended. Though it mattered not. He was more than tired of her constant whining.
Leos turned his back so that he could better focus on reaching out again. He could still feel her burning eyes bore into his back. He tried to shut her out, concentrating as best he could on the man he was seeking.
‘Bickering serves nothing. That fall might attract unwanted attention. It would be prudent to move.’ said Sestik firmly.
‘Wise words, as always.’ muttered Leos, drawing the warrior’s piercing eyes.
‘I’m not going anywhere until we have a bearing.’ said the woman, planting her hands on her hips.
Leos remained frozen, eyes dilating as his mind stretched further and further. He detected the familiar presence of another being and smiled darkly.
There you are… he thought.
Without warning, the man raced over to what was left of the rails and leapt over the side, landing on the rubble clad streets with a grunt. The brothers were quick to follow, leaving the distressed Hibernian standing by herself.
‘Oh right, sure. Let’s all run around amongst the battle until we meet someone!’ she said irritably.
A blazing rock smashed into the building’s roof, sending debris and flaming shards raining down. Lyanna yelped as her surroundings became shrouded in dust once again and decided reluctantly to follow. She pulled herself out from the wreckage and quickly joined the others.
The party made their way cautiously through the undulating streets, following Leos’s guidance. The man remained silent as they hurried from street to alleyway, ignoring Lyanna’s repeated pleas for guidance. Even the brothers seemed happy to accept his lead, voicing no objections. The sounds of battle rang everywhere they went, up and around, filling the city streets with a cacophony of roaring engines and gut-wrenching cries. They had to hide several times from bands of roving Trian and Imperial soldiers, battling to the death amidst the blood-stained streets. Eventually, the familiar presence of a large structure dominating all others came nudging into view.
‘There’s not a chance in Atholly the High Council would be holed up in there. They’d be sitting ducks!’ said Lyanna as they approached the colossal refinery. Her comment drew serval long groans of agreement from the Volanti.
‘The Hibernain is right. Why hide something so precious in a place like this?’ pondered Sestik.
Leos shrugged. ‘I agree it’s not much of a hiding spot. But I’m telling you this is the place.’ he said, eyeing the courtyard warily as they approached.
‘And just how do you know that, exactly?’ probed Lyanna. ‘You’ve hardly been forth coming with your powers of foresight.’
‘I just know. Trust me in this.’ he said, walking ahead. The man looked around his surroundings carefully. Nobody was around, at least nobody living. He looked up. A dense band of Hibernian ships seemed to be skirting around this area in great looping circles, clearing the skies of enemy vessels. Whatever was going on up there, their saviors appeared to be clearing space for them.
The man cast his gaze towards the refinery’s oak doors, which had been smashed in. ‘Seems we’re a little late.’ he muttered.
‘Well let’s get in there then.’ said Lyanna, striding forward.
They hurried inside, and quickly set to work searching the ground floor of the ransacked tower to no avail. The signs of war had been made inside the refinery as well as out, but there was no indication of the Emperor or General Zion. Corpses from both sides littered the rooms, a grisly collection of enemies joined in death.
‘There doesn’t seem to be anyone home.’ said Lyanna as they crept into a large cutting room filled with huge chunks of quartz, some of which were taller than her.
‘It would appear the abomination has been deceived.’ said Hotek dryly drawing a grunt of agreement from his brother.
Leos ground his teeth. ‘I don’t understand. I saw him here, in this place.’ he muttered, casting his senses out again more forcibly. His brow twisted as a dampening force held him back, betraying his discomfort.
The woman sensed this and paused. A stark look of realization swept over her youthful features as she stared at him. ‘So, that’s your secret...’ she whispered, picking up his now un-guarded feelings. ‘You’re a Medion.’
Leos grunted. ‘I’m more than that now. Much more.’
‘So, it appears,’ said Lyanna, noting her own feelings rise in concern. ‘Why don’t you just reach out and find the Emperor and put a stop to our confusion?’
‘I’m trying, but somethings blocking me.’ he said grimacing. The man grunted then gave up. He couldn’t tell what it was that was stopping him, but he had a pretty good idea.
‘I don’t believe this,’ said Lyanna, throwing her arms into the air. ‘You said he would be here, Leos. You said we could trust you. Now what do we do?’
The man looked around desperately. ‘I don’t understand. They said I would find him here. Where is he?’ he growled. His confusion grew as he stepped between chunks of rock. 
Lyanna looked at him curiously. ‘Who are you talking about? Those pale friends of yours?’ she said, her pert checks darkening by the second.
‘Not now, Lyanna. I need time to think.’
‘We don’t have any time, Leos. We need to work together. I’ve travelled halfway around the world with you, so don’t shut me out.’
‘Just give me a moment,’ he said, turning his back on her. ‘I know the villain’s close. I need to find him now.’
His words caused her to pause.
Lyanna’s brow creased as the man pressed his hands to his head, desperate to find an answer. A cold feeling of dread swept through her as she finally understood. ‘I don’t believe it. You’ve tricked us,’ she gasped. ‘You’re not looking for the Emperor at all! You’re looking for him, aren’t you?’
The man closed his eyes, ignoring her turmoil, and looked deeper into his mind, not caring for her brittle feelings. The only thing that mattered was finding General Zion.
He tired once again to connect to the Ascended, but his attempts were squashed instantly. ‘I … can’t do it. They’re blocking me. Curse them all to Atholly! Why now?’ he hissed.
Lyanna stared at him aghast. ‘You lied to me, to all of us. You’ve been working with them this whole time. You must think we’re idiots.’
‘No, I haven’t,’ protested Leos, his temper rising at her insignificant claims. He realized they had to get moving. ‘I thought I could feed off them, gather what information we needed.’
‘How could you even trust them?’ said Lyanna, her eyes now full of distress.
‘It wasn’t like that. I was trying to use them.’
‘Looks like you’re the one being used.’
‘If you just give me time to think, I can fix this.’ he spat. His anger beginning to soar.
‘How can I trust you after what you’ve done-’
‘Enough with you!’ he cried, slamming his hands onto a large chunk of rock. A flash of blinding light erupted from his fingers, followed by a resounding crack as the boulder spilt in two. Leos turned to face her. His pale face twisted with rage. The woman gasped to see his shaking hands now wreathed in purple light and instinctively rested her own trembling fingers on her chest, feeling the reassuring presence of the hidden dagger waiting to be removed. Hotek was with her in an instant. His clawed hands clasped firmly around his spear. An agonizing moment passed as the trio remained frozen.
‘Wait, there is another presence here,’ cried Sestik, his deep voice tearing through the tension. ‘His lifeforce is weak. We must hurry.’ The Volanti ran across the room and disappeared through a door before anyone could stop him.
‘Brother, stop! It could be a trap!’ cautioned Hotek, chasing after his twin.
The sudden change of events caused all traces of anger to diminish from Leos, who blinked himself back into a calmer state. The shimmering power in his hands faded as he watched the Volanti leave. He stood there panting. His dark eyes locked with Lyanna for a fleeting moment before she too ran after the birdmen. Leos remained frozen.
Time stopped as he relayed the scene in his mind, paralyzed by guilt. A terrible sickness swept through him after realizing how close he was to actually turning on his friend. A thought which broke his heart. What in all the lands was happening to him? His desire for vengeance was beginning to consume him. His anger raged so forcefully it was becoming more difficult to distinguish friend from foe.
He buried his feelings deep down, shaking his head clear. Now was not the time for regret. Leos quickly hurried after the others.
The doorway revealed another corridor which led him into a dully lit room, containing heavy carts laden with glittering stone. A lone Trian sat unmoving in the sunken recess of the processing room’s corner. An iron collar was clamped around his neck, bound to a length of chain shackled to a wall. His only hand lay hidden within a bronze manacle, preventing him from summoning Keir. Seeing the wounded Trian brought a flood of images tumbling within Leos’s mind. Most notably of the times he was forced to unleash his fleeting powers on them. It struck at him irritably.
Ambassador Callus cocked his head up wearily as the two brothers stood before him. A frail gasp escaped his dry lips at the sight of the towering warriors.
‘Breath of Slarr, have my eyes been tricked into seeing the Volanti?’ he wheezed. His voice little more than a whisper.
Sestik studied the Trian with obvious concern, noting the bandaged stump of his right arm. ‘We must free him at once.’ he said, kneeling to the figure. He pulled a knife from his belt and began working to free the bronze manacle.
Leos watched the unfolding scene with mounting concern. He didn’t have time for this. He rolled his eyes then walked forward, grabbing hold of the weighty lock securing the steel collar to the rodent’s neck. The Trian’s long face twisted in horror as the man focused his mind, sensing the unholy power grow in him.
A dark light exploded between Leos’s fingers a few seconds later and the lock disintegrated. The tortured Trian collapsed into Sestik’s powerful arms as the collar came free and was carefully lowered to the ground. The Volanti glared at Leos before working the manacle once again.
Callus groaned painfully throughout the ordeal. His head rolled towards Leos, though he barely had enough strength to lift it. ‘How does a Cowldonian come to wield the power of Kier? It’s not possible!’ he rasped.
Leos bit back a reply, tired of having to explain himself once again. A simple shrug was all the response he could muster.
‘It’s complicated, believe me.’ said Lyanna, coming to the confused Trian’s aid.
She knelt before the injured stranger and carefully placed a hand on his forehead, sensing he didn’t have long. The Trian’s bloodshot eyes widened at the sight of her.
‘A Hibernian also! By the All Father’s name, what is happening?’ he said as a sharp clack sounded, making him flinch. Sestik grunted approvingly then removed the bronze manacle, tossing it to the floor.
The woman felt the Trian’s anxiety rise and gently hushed him. ‘Lay still. I’m going to try and heal your wounds.’ she said gently.
Lyanna closed her eyes. A blue light spilled out from her fingers delivering a cooling sensation to the Trian’s mind, which continued to grow in strength. After a few minutes the woman leaned back and smiled as the amazed Trian found he had enough strength to sit upright.
‘I’ve heard many tales about the mysterious effects of the Eyther, but never experienced it. This truly is a wonderous day.’ he said, returning the smile. ‘I owe you my life. Slarr’s grace shine down on you.’
His newfound praise was wasted on Leos, who huffed impatiently at the delay. ‘Never mind that, where is Lord Zion?’ he said hastily, drawing a scowl from Lyanna.
The Ambassador turned his gaze from the young woman and stared at him fearfully. ‘What is he to you? Do you serve him also?’ he said softly.
Leos looked at the wounded Trian crossly and shook his head. ‘I’ve come to stop him. We all have. This madness ends today.’
Callus’s feline eyes became distant as a new sadness filled him. ‘You can’t. it’s impossible. Those creatures that surround him are too powerful. Nothing can stop them.’
‘I can stop them,’ said Leos darkly. His cold voice hard as stone. ‘Now tell me where he is.’
The Trian’s eyes narrowed at his words as a chilling realization swept over him. ‘I see something within you. Dark light festers in your soul. You are the same as them, aren’t you? A product of his evil.’
‘Just tell me where he is, Trian. I have to know.’ growled Leos, his face darkening.
‘Leos, calm down. Can’t you see he’s weak?’ said Lyanna, but her pleas fell on deaf ears.
‘I don’t care. We don’t have time for this.’ he snapped, a hand reaching out to clasp the Trian’s head. If he won’t talk then he’d drag the information out of his worthless mind.
Lyanna grabbed him inches before making contact. ‘Great mother Alive. Leos, what are you doing? I told you he is weak.’ she cried, struggling to hold him off.
‘I don’t care for his state of health! We must find the General. This creature knows where he is.’
‘You speak out of turn foolish Cowldonian. You heart is blackened by your vengeance.’ cautioned Hotek, stepping forth to split the pair.
Leos snarled as the giant warrior eased him back with a gentle push, revealing a glimmer of the great strength he possessed. The tiny totems adoring his bone chest plate jangled as he straightened.
‘Get your hands off me. You know what I say is true!’ he hissed, pointing an accusing finger at the giant.
The Volanti’s eyes became wreathed in pity as he felt the man’s anger sore. ‘I know your heart darkens the closer we get to your prey, but you must remain patient.’
‘What do you mean my prey? He’s all of ours. Do not pretend. We have to stop General Zion now. Before it’s too late.’
‘Leos look at yourself. Look what this vengeance is doing to you.’ pleaded Lyanna.
The man ground his teeth. ‘I’m doing what needs to be done. Perhaps I should do so alone if you lack the strength!?’
‘Someone’s coming.’ cautioned Sestik as his keen senses picked up the sounds of trampling boots.
The trio became still as they heeded his words.
Leos turned his angered gaze from the group and looked back towards the hallway they’d just came from.
‘Who is it? Are they friend or foe?’ asked Lyanna, noting the sudden rise of her beating heart.
Leos’s eyes glazed as his senses reached out. His mind shot forward a felt a large body of souls heading towards them. ‘I can’t tell, but they’re definitely hostile. Step away from the rat and get ready. They’re almost here.’
They waited nervously as the sounds of stomping feet trickled into the room. Lyanna helped Callus shuffle back a safe distance as the Volanti readied their spears, setting the Trian against a minecart filled with stone.
‘Perhaps it would be better to hide!’ she hissed, hoping the others would follow suit, but they didn’t.
Leos stood defiantly with clenched hands at his sides. The baleful energy began to swell within his body as he prepared himself for the coming moments. The brothers clutched their weapons tightly as they stood by his side.
It wasn’t long before several long shadows began falling onto the corridor wall.

D.R. Hurley

Thirty Two


‘Great mother alive, it can’t be!’ gasped Lucius as he hobbled to the front of the angered Trians with Offidius’s aid. His makeshift crutch scrapped noisily across the stone floor as he made his way out of the soldiers. The man’s grey eyes widened in disbelief at the sight of the towering forms standing before the Vanari with weapons poised. His wrinkled face became a mixture of awe and confusion as he regarded the ancient creatures thought lost to this world. Offidius also stared in wonder at the hulking birdmen, along with dozens of grim-faced Trians.
Leos meanwhile kept his focus on the Cowldonian males nestled amongst the group of Trian soldiers. His presence so far went unnoticed since all eyes were fixed on the Volanti. He was considering if he should demand these newcomers’ allegiance, when Hotek suddenly spoke out.
‘Emperor Gildane. Your presence here has come at a most opportune time.’ the Volanti rumbled, thrusting his spear into the compact dirt. ‘Our search is finally at an end.’ He took a ponderous step towards the aging man and bowed his head respectfully. His brother silently followed suit. Their movements caused a stir of anxiety to run through the Trians, who gripped their weapons tightly.
‘It must be a dream,’ breathed Lucius, still aghast. ‘I thought your race was lost to the pages of history. How … Why do you appear before us now, in this place?’
Hotek’s golden eyes remained firm. ‘We come on behalf of great Magos, the one who seeks to bring hope to a world riding on the cusp of destruction. We wish to set things right.’
The old man’s face became a nest of wrinkles as he tried to understand the ancient’s meaning. ‘I don’t understand, what tragedy do you speak of?’ said Lucius as he watched the giant wave Lyanna forward. Leos was quick to move to her side and for a while the two parties stood in silence facing each other.
The ogre spoke first. His deep voice tearing through the mounting tension.
‘That lost traitor-man!’ he bellowed as his beady eyes clamped onto Leos. 
At first the man stared back in confusion, but his temper flared as visions of his ordeal in the Ahmend Dar chambers sprang into his mind.
By this time, Nikita had pushed her way to the front after hearing the brute’s deepthroated babble and watched the scene carefully, trying to ascertain what the problem was. ‘What’s going on, who are those people?’ she hissed, coming to Shannis’s side. The Prefect had no clue as to the ogre’s garbled meaning.
‘I don’t know, and I don’t care. We have little time to waste.’ the Prefect countered, eager to move on.
Brutus took a heavy step forward as the pair looked on, jabbing a meaty finger in Leos’s direction as he bellowed again. ‘I take him from prison to see Boss-man Baxi. Chief Malloc help Brutus do this.’
‘You know this man?’ asked Lucius curiously.
The ogre nodded while wiping a patch of drool from his chin. ‘Boss-man want talk with him for taking Lord-Boss’s son. But traitor-man flee. Killed Chief Malloc dead.’ the ogre grumbled deeply, clenching his ham-sized fists.
‘Now, hold on a moment. I didn’t kill anyone back then-’ pleaded Leos, but the man was cut off by the now enraged ogre.
‘Malloc my friend,’ he shouted, thumping his chest, ‘we same tribe. Brutus no happy see traitor here.’
Lucius looked at Leos sternly. ‘The traitor?’ he said disbelievingly. ‘You mean the one involved in my son’s kidnapping?’
Leos scoffed and took a step forward. ‘My name is Leos. And I’m not a traitor.’ he growled, resisting the urge to summon dark light into his palms.
Lyanna sensed his ire and came to his side, placing a reassuring hand on his arm, which he shrugged away from.
‘He speaks the truth, sire. This man is innocent,’ she said quickly, fearing his reaction to the escalating predicament. ‘They brainwashed him into thinking he was serving his country. A product of General Zion’s twisted experiments.’
The mention of that man’s name caused a spark of anger to rise within Leos’s soul. It reminded him of the pressing need to go after him. Not stand around here defending himself. He ground his teeth angrily for not being able to locate the General while Lyanna continued to defend him. This new encounter was the last thing he needed.
Without thinking, he cast his mind out in hopes of finding the devil as the strangers fired wary glances his way and was rewarded with a familiar feeling ghosting the edges of his reach. He closed his eyes, focusing on the presence. The lifeforce was strange. A fading light smothered by growing darkness, soon to be extinguished, but he knew it was the one.
I see you… he thought menacingly.
His dark eyes flashed open and glanced to his side. A cruel smile wrought upon his pale face as he spotted a narrow passage at the back end of the room. Leos took hold of Lyanna’s shoulder and pulled her close as Hotek began explaining their dilemma to the Emperor. ‘It’s time to leave. Come on.’ he said, but the woman resisted, claiming they were already where they need to be.
As the two strangers argued, Nikita noticed a flash of movement in the back of the room which caught her attention. Her lone eye shifted from the strange party and quickly spotted the sprawling form of a wounded Trian, leaning against a minecart, which made her hairless brow crease. It was difficult to see from this angle, but he bared some resemblance. His white fur was marred with dirt and his tattered robes had long since been robbed of their finery, but for some reason they called out to her.
Lyanna paused while Leos maintained his persistence to leave. Her senses tingled as she detected a swell of grief surging in the room and turned her gaze to meet it. A hairless Trian dressed in heavy robes stared deeply at the prisoner they’d just freed with mounting grief. Clearly this was the source of the unrest. She watched in pity as the doe suddenly ran forward, crying the Ambassador’s name.
Her action caused Leos to flinch, who instantly adopted a fighting stance, hands open, shimmering with purple light ready to strike. A collective gasp sprung forth after witnessing the display. Nervous Trians readied their blades, staring fearfully at the mysterious youth. But the man held off as his companion grasped hold of his arms.
‘No, Leos, wait. She’s not a threat to us. Can’t you feel her pain?’ said Lyanna as the doe rushed past. His dark eyes moved to hers but remained silent. As the doe skidded to a halt before the injured Trian, Leos released a pent-up breath then flexed his fingers, dismissing the power.
‘You sure that’s a she?’ he said spitefully. Lyanna wasn’t impressed.
As the pair turned back to the disapproving glares of the Volanti brothers, Nikita looked down on the wounded Ambassador with mixed emotions. At first, he didn’t recognize her. The combination of inflamed skin beneath heavy robes confused an already muddled mind. Even when she drew back her hood, exposing her hairless head to the world, he failed to see the child he once knew.
It wasn’t until he saw the bronze ring on her finger, did he finally understand. ‘Nikita? Is that you?’ he said, squinting in the gloomy light. His eyes lit up as the doe smiled warmly in response. A single tear rolled down her cheek to see him so tortured. What had they done to him?
Nikita leaned forward and gently pressed her head against his in the traditional way of kinship. His thick fur irritated her flesh, but she paid it no heed.
‘Praise Slarr you’re safe. We were worried sick. But whatever has happened to you?’ rasped Callus, reaching out to touch her leather eyepatch.
The doe took hold of his outstretched hand and lowered it gently, the warm smile fading from her long face. ‘It’s not safe here. We have to get you out.’ she said, turning back to the mass of Trians now edging into the room. She quickly found Amros hovering amongst their number and waved him over. The monk’s reluctance to move was obvious, but he did so eventually, drawing a cautious eye to fall on him.
Leos watched quietly as the monk shuffled past, clearly repulsed by the thing’s appearance. The faintest murmur of echoing voices began whispering in the depths of his mind as he studied the creature, adding to his disgust. He’d never seen such a wretched being in all his life and felt compelled to destroy the beast. Tormented images of his youth appeared before his mind’s eye once again, depicting scenes of violence within steel cages. A terrified boy fighting for his life in front of inquisitive onlookers, whose interest lay solely with documenting the lad’s performance. Perhaps there was a reason for this hate after all.
A voice to his front ended such thoughts.
‘I think you’ve got some explaining to do, son.’ said Lucius, regaining the man’s attention.
Leos shook his mind clear, and quickly realized that all eyes were on him. He shuffled awkwardly on the spot, feeling painfully exposed, and looked warily around the group. He had to get away.
‘Look, I don’t have time to explain. I need to get moving before he escapes.’ he said, eyeing the exit.
Offidius quickly stepped forward as the man began to move, halting his steps. ‘You’re not going anywhere, boy, unless your Emperor commands it.’ growled the veteran, fixing him with a baleful glare.
Leos scoffed and continued to edge closer to his goal, confident he could escape. ‘I told you there’s no time. It won’t be long before he finds them-’
The roar of charging men halted his words as a large body of troops dressed in grey entered the room, forcing the two groups together. Leos cursed himself for not detecting their presence sooner, his mind too focused on finding Zion. The soldiers were led by a red-faced officer brandishing a short sword embedded into his arm. His dark features and slick backed hair framed at set of manic eyes, blazing with fury.
‘Emperor Gildane, once again I find you cavorting in the mist of our enemy. No doubt plotting our downfall,’ shouted Captain Parmen, coming to the fore. The mad glint in his eye was firmly rooted on the old man standing amongst the Trians. ‘Well, let this be the day that your traitorous affairs come to an end!’
The youth spat while raising his sword in mocked salute. The men surrounding him were filled with the same with hateful expressions as they looked onto Lucius and gripped their swords tightly.
‘How dare you speak to the Emperor like that you cur!’ roared Offidius, coming to his master’s side. The veteran soldier’s face was flushed with rage at the youth’s lack of respect. ‘Only one man in this army is worthy of being called traitor, and it’s the same man you follow blindly.’
Parmen smiled broadly, a condescending grin which sparked waves of fury to run through his former colleague. ‘You’re wrong, old man,’ he replied, drawing his father’s sword and pointing it towards Offidius. ‘The General may indeed be a fool, but at least he has the strength to stop the corruption that has spread over the world.’
‘Stand down Captain,’ ordered Lucius. ‘You must desist in this madness at once. Take a look around. Marcus has deceived you. Cast down his illusions and help us bring him in.’
The youth’s amusement melted into anger after hearing his words. ‘The only thing I will help you with is your passage to the pits of Atholly, traitor!’
No sooner had the words left his mouth, Parmen leapt forward, swinging his sword in a wide arch. It met with the steel grip of Offidius’s arm who managed to cast the officer back under the hiss of venting steam.
‘Go my lord, find the General. We’ll hold them here!’ he yelled as Parmen came at him again. His bloodshot eyes filled with hatred.
Nikita’s eye widened at the unfolding violence and felt compelled to lend aid as the Vanari locked blades with the Cowldonians. She paused as a strange feeling in her soul overcame her.
Callus still lives…
Grudgingly, she turned her gaze from the battle and focused on the Ambassador. ‘It’s not safe for you here, Callus. We must use the distraction to slip away,’ she said quickly, ‘come, Amros, help me carry him.’
‘Don’t you want to fight? That’s usually what you would do in this situation?’ the monk queried as the clatter of steel rang out alongside hate-filled roars. A sly grin formed on his long face as he locked eyes with her.
The doe shook her head. ‘His life is more important.’ she said firmly. Amros’s hairless eyebrows raised beneath his heavy hood. Was he finally getting through to her?
He nodded silently, then helped her get the Ambassador to his feet before dragging him away.
Amidst the erupting battle, Prefect Shannis noticed the trio leave and spat onto the floor. ‘Cowards. I knew those monks were all talk.’ she hissed, before slicing a man’s arm clean from his torso. She fired a small blast of Keir into a rushing soldier, venting her rage, then froze as a terrible bellow ripped through the air.
Shannis watched in amusement as she spotted the hulking ogre bound into the fray, knocking the Cowldonian Emperor off balance. She smiled menacingly as the old man fell, but was dismayed to see him caught in the tiny arms of the child-like Hibernian.
Lyanna groaned deeply as she struggled to support the crippled man but managed to help him recover. ‘I also think it’s time for you to leave, your grace. You have a General to stop.’ she said, grinding her teeth. The young woman continued to groan under his weight then froze in horror as she spotted a grim-faced soldier charging towards her. A tiny hand thrust out as she desperately tried to summon the Eyther. Strands of blue light swirled around her fingers within a matter of heartbeats, freezing the surrounding air, but it was too late. The soldier was on her. She ground her teeth angrily, ready to face death, when a towering shadow loomed over.
The soldier released a gut-wrenching scream as a thick spear embedded itself into his sternum. Two powerful arms lifted the writhing man into the air moments later. A clatter of steel could be heard as the soldier dropped his sword to grasp hold of the rod that skewered him, before being slung across the room.
Lyanna’s youthful face regained some of its colour as she realized they had been saved. She watched as Sestik gracefully spun on his heel, his great wing flicked out to catch a charging soldier in the face, disorientating him, before stabbing his chest. Hotek was there too, clearing a space around the two figures with effortless brutality.
‘The Hibernian is right. Your battle lies elsewhere. Come, we will aid you.’ he rumbled, but the old man refused to move. His grey eyes dripping with sadness to see his men turn on him.
‘What madness has led me to this?’ he said, unable to believe the chaos.
The Volanti understood his concern but knew they had to go. Hotek sheathed his spear between his folded wings and picked up Lucius in his powerful arms, and made for the nearest exit, leaving his brother to protect their flanks.
‘What about Leos? We can’t just leave him here!’ cried Lyanna, struggling to keep up with the warrior’s bounding stride. She spared a glance for the man as she followed the ancients but couldn’t find him amongst the carnage.
Hotek cocked his feathered head back as he ran, but his face remained stone. ‘The abomination has his own path. We must follow yours.’ he said grimly.
Lyanna’s tiny heart became filled with torment as she accepted his answer and grudgingly cast the man from her mind.

D.R. Hurley

Thirty Three


The haunting screams of dying troops became a faint murmur in the monks’ ears as they carried Ambassador Callus away from the battle-ridden chamber and into another room. Nikita, not wanting to stop until they were further away, ignored the Trian’s repeated pleas to stop as they dragged him past discard tools and cutting equipment.
The pair eased Callus against the mouth of an alcove, stacked with chunks of marble, while the doe shot wary glances around their surroundings. She knew they couldn’t stay long. It was still far too dangerous.
The Ambassador was panting hard. His movement caused many dormant injuries to resurface, wracking his body in pain. He fixed her with his weary eyes and spoke out through ragged breaths. ‘I prayed you’d escaped this madness, Nikita,’ he rasped, keeping his gaze on her. ‘I hoped you’d fled to distant lands, but alas, I find you here. A monk of the Timmetan order no less. What in Slarr’s name has happened to you these past months? I hardly recognize you.’ He placed his paw gently against her cheek, noting the shriveled stumps of her once fine whiskers, the tenderness of her inflamed skin. His bloodshot eyes filled with sadness to see her so disfigured.
‘Much has changed in recent times,’ said Nikita quietly, resisting the urge to turn from him. ‘I’ve paid a heavy price for my selfish deeds. And this war has taken its toll on me, much like it has everyone. I am not the same doe you once knew.’
Callus smiled weakly. ‘I can see that. You’ve grown strong indeed, and brave. But I still don’t understand. How was it that you came to me? Surely it isn’t mere coincidence?’
Nikita remained still as the last images of her dying uncle flashed in her mind. His final words became a stain of guilt within her. ‘The All Father doesn’t approve of coincidence. Everything is set as it should.’ she quoted, catching Amros’s approving smile. The monk began to draw Slarr’s mark across his chest with a clawed finger. Nikita remembered her reaction the first time her companion had spoken those words. Disregarding it as utter nonsense. Now it seemed all too fitting. He must be rubbing off on her.
She looked into the Ambassador’s eyes and saw nothing but confusion. ‘My uncle told me you still lived before he was … taken.’ she added, finding it difficult to utter the words as her memories returned. The doe drew a heavy breath while her eye glazed over. The mournful cries she’d wept holding Rykun’s body rang loudly between her ears. She forced herself to shut them out. ‘I promised him I would find you.’ she said faintly.
Callus looked at her with mounting pity. Her uncle had been his lifelong friend and the news of his death was a bitter blow to bare, especially since it had come from the deluded General. The man had taken great pleasure in retelling the minute details of Rykun’s death to him. A thing which, most assuredly, would have brought joy to the deluded fool.
He smiled weakly and gripped the doe’s paw. ‘And you did, my child, you did. Praise the All Mighty you are here. But you should never have come. It’s far too dangerous to risk your life for mine.’
Nikita shook her head. ‘You’re the only family I have left. I had to try and help.’ Callus smiled at that. For years he had watched the doe grow up. Tending to her needs when Rykun wasn’t there, despite her resentment. Even though he wasn’t related, he’d always considered her, as he did Rykun, part of his house. It pleased him to hear that after all this time, she felt the same.
‘Touching as this is, I don’t think we’re out of the woods just yet,’ said Amros, walking over to the room’s entrance as the sounds of battle grew louder. ‘Perhaps we should keep moving?’
The doe nodded and reached out to move Callus, but was stilled when he suddenly grabbed hold of her arm.
‘No. Not yet. I would ask something of you first.’ he said hastily.
Nikita looked at him curiously. ‘We have to keep moving.’ she replied, but Callus persisted.
‘This is important, Nikita. It cannot wait.’
‘Well, be quick and ask me. I don’t want to linger.’
‘It’s about your uncle. Did he mention anything to you, besides me, before he passed?’ he asked carefully.
Nikita paused, swallowing the dry lump in her throat as she pictured Rykun’s dying words once again. She could almost feel his warm blood spilling onto her paws.
‘He said one thing, yes. Something which seemed … strange, given the circumstances.’ she said, blinking the images away.
Callus looked at her eagerly. ‘What was it?’
‘He said something about knowing the truth about my parents, whatever that means? And that you alone knew the answer.’
‘Is that why you came for me?’
The doe’s face hardened. ‘No, of course not. I already know the tale. I came here to save you. I just don’t understand why he should care to mention that, of all things, in his last moments. The pain must have made him confused.’
‘Rykun was many things, but he was not a fool. Perhaps he feared your response to his death might cause you to do something foolish. Something that might … get you killed.’ queried Callus.
Nikita looked at him confused. ‘What do you mean?’
The Ambassador sighed deeply before continuing. ‘It breaks my heart to know he wasn’t able to explain, he should have told you sooner. But that’s no longer important. He was afraid you would have thought differently about them if you knew.’
‘Knew about what? I already told you I knew about my parents. My uncle abandoned his role as mother’s Long Fur in order to pursue his own selfish needs of becoming a High Councilor. He couldn’t stand the fact she was more successful than him,’ she said, her voice becoming harder as she spoke. ‘My mother was killed the next day in a rockslide, while traveling through the Belt. She was going to a protest in Thailen. He could have saved her.’
‘That’s only what we wanted you to believe. To protect you from the truth!’
‘What truth?’ she said frowning.
Callus looked at her for some time. The firmness in Nikita’s eye made it difficult for him to proceed. He cursed himself silently for being a coward. He could talk at length to other nations about foreign politics and make trading deals without a care, yet to tell of this doe’s history was the hardest thing he had ever done. Is this how Rykun felt? He pictured his friend in his mind and forced himself to utter the words. For his sake. ‘It’s quite likely the Empire is here because of your mother’s actions. Her allegiance to certain parties has brought this war upon us.’
Nikita’s eye widened at the lunacy of his statement. She scoffed loudly, resisting the urge to laugh but refrained after seeing the sadness filling his eyes. ‘That’s ridiculous, she would have played no such part,’ she said, trying to keep down the anger simmering within. ‘My mother was an honorable member of the High Council. Praised by the other members for her dedication to our nation-’
‘And secretly involved with a member of that rancid organization, the Fist of Trian.’
‘That’s insane, I don’t believe you, Callus!’ snapped the doe. Her tail thrashed across the ground as her temper flared. ‘Mother would never have betrayed Poppa like that.’
‘Your father was that said member, Nikita. It was he who introduced her to them.’
‘That’s … not true.’ she exclaimed.
‘It is, Nikita. I’m sorry you have to hear this now, but it’s true. Your father was an extremist. He believed the world could be changed, not through reason, like your mother. Like your uncle. But with action. Violence. He was a terrorist.’
The doe sat back. Her head trembled back and forth in denial. She wanted to speak, to reject him, but her mouth dried up like the hottest desert in a heartbeat. ‘No … you’re lying. Why are you lying?’ she said.
‘I know this is difficult to understand, but please believe me, for I swear to you it’s true. When the Empire chose to take Thailen from us once again, Nolan convinced your mother to attend a protest, utilizing her position in the Council to spread word about the Empire’s deceit.’
‘Stop it.’ she said, her lone eye beginning to glisten.
‘Rykun was opposed to the meeting, knowing full well your father would stir up trouble. He forbade her to attend. Saw through his plot.’
‘I said stop it.’ she repeated, her voice growing in strength, but the Ambassador persisted.
‘Your father went alone, furious at Rykun’s involvement. He attended the protest and began stirring the crowd. Proclaiming it was Slarr’s will to fight for their land. I know this because I was there, Nikita. I was there. It was supposed to be a peaceful protest, but he started a riot. The Cowldonian troops stationed there hit back with force. That’s when he was killed, along with most of those gathered. I barely escaped with my own life.’
‘No!’ she screeched. ‘I don’t believe it. I don’t believe any of it.’ Nikita got to her feet and strode away. One hand clenched, the other pressed to her eye.
An awkward silence passed as she stood with her back to him. Amros remained still, frozen by the tension, save for the rubbing of his fingers against the stones at hanging at his waist.
Callus pursed his lips and looked away. His eyes glazed as he pictured the scene in his mind. The pity he felt surging within. He should have told her about this sooner. Not now. Amidst all this bloodshed. He caught his breath, and after a few heartfelt moments turned back to see doe’s head sag. He knew she was struggling to accept his words. The pain she felt was obvious. He wanted so desperately to reach out to her, but there was nothing he could do.
‘Even if it were true, what’s any of it got to do with my mother?’ said Nikita, the tears still falling down her cheek.
Callus paused. He didn’t want to go on with this anymore. He shouldn’t have to. It wasn’t his place. Rykun should have told her sooner. It was his greatest mistake. For a moment, he considered lying to her. But quickly deemed it pointless. After all, what good would lying serve now? He had to go all the way.
‘News of your father’s death sent Freya into a frenzy. She was consumed with grief for her loss and wept bitterly for several days. Eventually, she decided to plot her revenge and planned an attack that would make the Empire suffer.’
‘What was it?’ she asked, fearing the answer.
Callus looked up as the doe turned to face him. The eagerness in her eye chilled him. ‘She sent word to Emperor Gildane, calling for him to have talks and settle the unsightly situation once and for all. But it was just a front. Her true plan was far sinister. A plan to kill the Emperor of Cowldonia!’
‘She would never do that-’
‘That’s why she’s gone, Nikita. She used Nolan’s connections to set up a meeting in Thailen where she could enact the deed. She begged your uncle to go with her, but he could never agree to her decision. He said her anger clouded her judgement and her plan could only lead to war. The Cowldonians would wipe us out, but she wouldn’t be swayed. She wanted vengeance. Freya ignored his words and went ahead with her plan. I followed also, unbeknownst to Rykun. But when the day of the meet came, Lucius Gildane never arrived. He had taken ill unexpectantly and sent General Zion in his stead. Bristling with rage for his apparent deception, your mother launched the attack regardless and tried to kill the General. In doing so, she slayed his son. That’s when she fell.’
The doe’s gaze fell. Her eye shut. Floods of tears leaving damp streaks on one side of her face. She wanted so much to deny everything the old Trian had said as cruel hearsay but couldn’t. Something deep down plagued her, in the furthest edges of her soul. It called to her. A cruel and terrible realization of the truth nibbled at her conscious. Her stomach churned as she began to accept it.
‘What happened to Rykun?’ she whispered; head still lowered.
Callus’s quivering heart throbbed in pity for the child. Her whole life was raised under a lie. One which stemmed from love, to protect her from her family’s terrible deeds. He cursed Rykun thrice for not telling her sooner. But then again, would she have believed him?
‘After Freya’s death, Rykun became distraught. He covered up any link your mother had to the FOT and swore never to reveal her plot. That’s why he lied to you and the Council for all these years, and let you think he had betrayed your mother.’
The old Trian’s words brought misery to the doe. Tears rolled freely down her inflamed skin as she wept, knowing the sacrifice her uncle had made. She looked at the woven brass ring on her finger, thumbing it gently. The tiny jewels pressed into its surface glittered in response.
‘Who was it?’ she muttered, wiping her moist nose.
‘What?’ replied Callus.
‘Who was it that killed her?’ she said, her voice growing harder.
Callus looked at her cautiously. There was a strange glint in her eye that felt all too familiar. ‘I’m not sure I follow-’
‘Who was it that killed my mother, Callus?’ she hissed, revealing a glimpse of her canines as her anger flared.
‘I don’t see why-’
‘You said you were there.’
‘I was.’
‘Then tell me who killed her. You must have seen something?’
‘It is … difficult to remember. It was so long ago.’
‘Was it General Zion? Was he the one who took her from me? Don’t lie to me, I know you saw it.’ she snapped, her arms trembled as she clenched her fists.
‘Nikita please. What difference does it make now?’
‘Answer the question, Ambassador.’ she demanded.
‘You must listen to you friend, my child.’ said Amros quickly. ‘Don’t let your heart become swelled with hate. That road leads only to damnation. Trust me I know.’
‘If I wish to have your opinion, Amros, I shall ask for it.’ she snapped. ‘Now tell me. Who killed my mother!?’

*****

‘What in Tumarr’s name are you doing, son. Stand down and control yourself!’ shouted Offidius over the screech of clashing blades. He locked swords with the snarling youth and stared deeply into his bloodshot eyes, seeing nothing but hatred.
‘I’m sick of you trying to control my life, old man. The years you spent judging me are at an end.’ Parmen snarled through gritted teeth. The distant voices in the youth’s head moaned blissfully in his ears while he fought, adding strength to his arm. Purpose to his actions.
Take down this insect. Rise up and defend your county… they hissed in unison.
His quest to save Cowldonia from their treacherous Emperor was just, and this deluded fool was a fly to be swatted. It was his destiny to triumph here. Nothing would stop him.
He ripped his sword free and brought it around in a wide arch to decapitate his opponent, hoping to quickly end this costly engagement. Offidius was wise to the clumsy move and managed to slip underneath his swing. The youth’s rage had once again claimed his senses, turning him into a rabid beast. His blows rained furiously on his opponent, but they were sloppy, uncontrolled. Nothing like the cool-headed swordsmen he was trained to be. Offidius saw numerous openings for him to end the duel, but he just couldn’t bring himself to stop the lad without permanently incapacitating him.
He studied the youth curiously between his wild strikes. There was something different about his character which screamed danger to him. As if some evil had taken root in his mind. This wasn’t the infamous battle lust Parmen was known for, there was something malevolent within him.
Offidius sidestepped as the youth threw himself forward, parrying the reckless blow, and slammed his metal fist into the man’s exposed back. He watched in pity as Parmen tumbled to the floor. His father’s blade skittering away. He knew the importance such an heirloom forced on him. After all, he was there when it was bestowed. A great sadness weighed heavily on his heart as the lad scrambled to retrieve the weapon. A look of demented fury set upon his face. It was in that moment Offidius knew the boy would never stop fighting. It would have to fall to him to end this.
‘Look what has become of you, boy. You used to believe in the Empire. Of what it stands for. Whatever madness has taken you. I implore you. Let go of this hate, and come back to reason.’
The scrape of steel across stone answered him as Parmen ripped his blade from the ground and surged to his feet. He readied his weapon, but then paused. For a fleeting moment, Offidius watched the youth struggle as his anger faltered. His head twitched in confusion, as if listening to some inner turmoil. He knew nothing of the silent voices probing the lad’s mind, working quickly to squash the air of doubt seeping into his heart.
See how he mocks you. He thinks you are weak. Show him your true power…
‘You are all ways trying to undermine me,’ spat Parmen, his anger returning. ‘Always holding me back from my true potential. Well, this time you’re the one who’s wrong, old man. The Emperor has betrayed our nation. Your loyalty has blinded you. If you had any shred of decency, you would join me in this fight to topple him. You clearly lack the strength to see what is true.’
Only you are strong enough to stop this. He is so terribly weak. They all are nothing but weaklings, not like you. See how he trembles before you. Finish this now…
He leapt forward and meet the clang of steel as their swords clashed once again. The two men dueled furiously as Imperial soldiers crossed swords with the Vanari. The battle-hardened warriors piled into the mass of Trian conscripts silently. A sea of blank-faced soldiers bearing down on a group of relatively untrained troops. Almost immediately it became clear the Trians were outmatched as they struggled to hold off this foe, unbeknownst that their true strength stemmed from a lingering presence clutching Parmen’s men.
Leos released several blasts of dark energy into a group of charging soldiers, instantly vaporizing their torsos in a spectacular display of gore-filled light. It allowed him a brief respite to gather himself.
Standing amongst the whirlwind of violence, he watched in horror as his mind suddenly became aware of the strange aura hanging over these men, fueling their hatred. Its hold buried deep into their souls like barbed talons sinking into flesh. It enabled them to fight harder, longer. To weather blows that would have otherwise felled them twice over. He immediately knew the source of the corruption. He’d tasted it before. It was the Ascended. The filthy creatures must have been reunited to have ensnared them so. No doubt they were somewhere in the building. Somewhere close. And that meant the General was close also.
He considered trying to break their hold. The Trians would at least have a better chance of coming through this alive. But even if he had the power to do such a thing, it would take much too long, so he cast the thought aside. They would have to do this the hard way.
A hulking mass of flesh stumbled past, laying waste to those around. Leos stepped out of the ogre’s path and flinched as his back pressed against the panting form of a white and black furred Trian, wielding a twin-bladed sword. A sly grin parted the Prefect’s face as she locked eyes with the man.
‘You fight like one of us. What manner of creature are you?’ yelled Shannis as her weapon lashed out to intercept a sailing blow, but there was no response. The man was too distracted by the sight of the enraged ogre clamping his meaty fist around an unfortunate soldier’s head before throwing him into the air. The man’s flailing body surged towards their position without a sound, making the pair gasp.
Shannis was about to roll clear when Leos’s hand shot out. The soldier’s face twisted in shock as an invisible force halted his flight in an iron-like grip, moments before impact. The Prefect stared dumbfounded at the frozen man, but reacted quickly. Instantly spinning on her heel to bring Veritas’s razor edge across his exposed stomach. A wet suckling of entrails followed as the soldier’s innards fell to the ground in a grisly mass. Leos maintained his grip for a few sickening moments before letting him crash to the ground.
Shannis stared at the mutilated corpse and grunted with grim amusement. ‘Perhaps when this is done, you can test my blade against yours?’ she said with a wily grin.
Leos frowned. ‘I don’t carry a blade.’ came his nonplus response, but the Trian wasn’t there. He caught her sprinting through an opening amongst the grinding carnage and grunted angrily. Clearly, the rat was heading for the same exit he saw Lyanna and the brothers disappearing through earlier. The path which would lead to General Zion, no doubt.
They care not for your grief, but ceasing their glory…
The voices spooked him. Not because of their invasiveness, but because it caused him to doubt his companions. He knew he should have ignored their taunts, but he could not fault their logic. It riled him to know how easily the Hibernian had abandoned him, once the chance presented itself. Perhaps his trust in her was woefully misplaced after all! He would have to query her on that later, once he had dealt with Zion.
He ground his teeth angrily for missing his chance to escape and was about to pursue when a terrible cry tore through the room.
Leos shuddered in the wake of the ogre’s gut-wrenching cry, fixing his eyes upon the brute. A look of pure anguish wrought upon its ugly features as it stood; bloody hands pressed to his head. At first, he thought it was slain. But after tracking the thing’s distraught gaze, found its torment stemmed from the passing of a grizzled officer, whose mutton-chopped face writhed in agony.
Parmen smiled manically as he plunged his sword-arm deep into Offidius’s chest, savoring every ounce of the man’s death scream with untold delight. The high-pitched tones were of purest ecstasy to his ears; the sweetest tonic his mind reeled to savor. He held the man close to his face for several moments, relishing his pain. A devilish grin spread far across his face. ‘You, disappoint me, Boy.’ he hissed darkly as the dregs of Offidius’s life slipped painfully from his body.
‘No. It is I who is… disappointed,’ gurgled Offidius, his teeth now glazed with blood. ‘To think I once saw promise in you. To become a man of noble worth. Your father was right about you. I see you for the dog you are.’
Parmen roared angrily and wrenched his sword free, casting the dying officer to the ground. Offidius’s blue eyes grew heavy as the world around him darkened. The sound of venting air filled his ears as his metal arm flexed on the ground. It was the last thing the veteran heard as his lifeforce seeped into the great beyond.

*****

Another cry tore through the air. Brutus watched mournfully as the old soldier died. His tiny brain dismayed to witness the loss of another Boss-man, one who’d been kind to him these past few weeks. He gripped his throbbing head tightly between ham-sized fists as memories of his former boss, Baxi, sprang into his mind. It had happened again. Why could he not protect the Boss-men from harm? What made it so difficult? Was he a failure?
He looked down to the tiny medal pinned to his waistcoat then at the youth, who was now wiping his blade on the dead man’s tunic. Shame filled him. He didn’t deserve to wear this anymore. It was something that only heroes could wear, and clearly, he wasn’t a hero. They would both be alive if he was.
Tearing it off, the ogre began to shake as he cast the ribbon away. This time he would avenge the fallen, and make tiny man pay for his crime. He ground the remains of his teeth angrily and released another deepthroated howl, slamming both fists into the hard dirt before bounding over. His trunk-like arms flew in all directions as he went. They were slashed from dozens of cuts, but that didn’t bother him. The wounds had no effect in slowing his unstoppable advance. Bodies crumpled as he smashed his way forwards. His beady eyes focused solely on tracking the youthful officer as he stormed ever closer with heavy strides. But the villain was retreating quickly. He was going to flee.
Brutus stopped before a laden minecart, fearful his prey might escape, and clasped hold of its metal edges. In an incredible display of strength, he hoisted the cart above his head and launched it across the room with all his might. Precious stones clattered to the floor as the cart shot through the air. The officer froze as he spotted the thing hurtling towards him. It was all he could do in the split seconds he had.
Parmen blinked. The cart hit him. Its metal frame slammed into his body, throwing him to the ground violently. Bones snapped as his limbs twisted into unnatural angles as the cart’s momentum propelled him into an inescapable death roll. He couldn’t even scream as the thing’s weight crushed his lungs.
His broken body lay unmoving on the ground when the cart finally left him, ruined and unsavable. Bouts of warm blood poured down his neck as he coughed and spluttered. His final breaths came in rapid bursts. The hard earth beneath his ravaged body trembled as his assailant came near.
The Captain’s quivering fingers stretched out in hopes of finding his beloved sword as a monstrous shadow fell over him, blotting out all light. It belonged to an ogre. Its stupid face glared down at him with leering interest, its beady eyes filled with hatred. The man’s fingers continued to probe as the ogre growled deeply. He felt the cold steel of metal brush his fingertips as he finally touched the heirloom’s hilt.
Parmen smiled weakly, knowing his families’ presence would be with him in his final moments. A pang of guilt drove through his soul knowing he had not attained the status to count him equal amongst his forefathers. He hoped they would forgive him. It was all the youth could do as he watched the ogre lift his massive foot into the air before bringing it down upon his head.

D.R. Hurley

Thirty Four


‘Break it down now. I want those filthy Skritts out of there so I can send them back to their maker!’ barked General Zion as his forces were met by a wall of silver timbres. His hoarse cry sparked another burst of infernal coughing as his men set to work hacking at the huge wooden doors, leading to the refinery’s main storage compound.
So far, the battle had been a rousing success. His troops had practically strolled into the Trian complex, meeting little enemy resistance. Yes, his armada may have encountered a surprising amount of opposition in the form of a rival air fleet, but it bore him little concern. He was more than confident in his Fleet Commander’s abilities to crush the defenders. The only thing that mattered now was locating the Trian Council members, and this giant wall of silver beams was surely the last line of defence those insolent creatures had left to them. He was keen to remove it from existence forthwith.
The mummer of panicked cries escaping quivering lips could be heard every time the doors were struck, which brought a smile to the General’s face. It wouldn’t be long now before they were in.

*****

The heavy thuds of steel upon wood resonated loudly throughout the gloomy chamber as soldiers outside maintained their arduous work. Long Furs stood bravely in front of the shaking timbres, hands clasped firmly around weapons, ready to give their lives to protect their charges. Their famous blades discarded due to the restrictive size of the chamber. They would have to make do with regular swords instead.
The rest of the survivors stood wearily behind. Some nursing wounds, while those still able to fight formed themselves into compact groups, utilizing anything that resembled a weapon.
‘What in the Slarr’s name is happening out there? Doesn’t anybody know?’ cried Councilor Ezikios, tearing his gaze from the buckling doors. His chestnut eyes dripped with panic as he surveyed their surroundings. This damned compound was a dead end, there would be no way out of it if the invaders broke in. They should have gone further into the mines like he had wanted. At least then they would have had some chance at escape. Why did he listen to Allious? This chamber would be their tomb.
The remaining Councilors looked on at him with equal concern, for they had no answers to give. Little news had come forth since their retreat into the refinery, besides that of a substantial ground force entering the area shortly after the order was given. The entire settlement could be ablaze for all they knew.
The Councilor’s bulging eyes regarded their troops. The final dregs of a once proud army stood valiantly in the face of unthinkable odds, giving their all in the name of Trian. It brought a surge of pride to his heart.
However, this noble sight was coupled with a chilling realization. If the Empire dogs did break through, they would be unlikely to hold back their lines. Trian would undoubtably fall. This was indeed their last stand.
‘It’s over, Ezikios,’ said Councilor Paskin, echoing his darkest thoughts. ‘The enemy has forced its way to us. It’s as if they knew exactly where to strike.’
‘But how was that even possible? We were so careful to conceal our whereabouts.’ replied Councilor Remus, the nation’s Master of Welfare.
His words sparked a series of fear-driven questions that served only to rile Ezikios further. ‘It doesn’t matter how they found us. The fact is they’re here,’ he snapped, slamming his paw onto a wooden table. Ezikios turned from their terrified faces and threw his gaze back to the doors which continued to tremble. ‘Curse of Tumarr, where are the Vanari? Why haven’t they responded? Our Prefects should have raised an army by now. They have failed us.’
‘We cannot know that for certain,’ countered Councilor Allious, coming to their side. ‘For all we know they’re fighting their way right to us as we speak.’
‘That’s not good enough,’ spat Ezikios, ‘the enemy is here, knocking down our door. We need them now!’
‘All we can do is hold them until help arrives,’ said Allious, drawing a bronze dagger from his waist. ‘I suggest you calm your reeling mind and prepare yourself for the coming moments.’
Ezikios snarled at his colleague’s snapping tone, but the anger in his eyes crumbled into fear as a horrifying crack of splintering timbre turned all heads. A surge of panic spread amongst the Councilors as the heavy doors began to falter. Long Furs ground their teeth defiantly, while dozens of weary troops got to their feet.
As much as Ezikios hated it, he knew Allious was right. There was nothing left to do but prepare to meet their foe. And pray.

*****

Marcus looked on at the heavy doors with growing interest. His gaunt face had become a nest of inky shadows in the gloom. Beams of silver light shone down from the broken roof, unable to reveal his sunken features. Black veins marred his pallid flesh, visibly throbbing under his paper-thin skin. His fingers trembled from the lack of strength they once knew. His appearance was more akin to the leering gargoyles perched upon Imperial rooves than a decorated noble. The devasting effects of the life-altering serum was ravaging his body with unsurpassed fury. He could feel its insatiable hunger feeding on his soul. He knew he didn’t have long. The end was close. They had to break in.
He barked another order from his cracked lips, sparking new life into the men’s weary arms. Warm light seeped out from splitting wood, its golden touch blissfully rewarding where it fell. Soldiers grunted; brows lined with sweat. Marcus could taste victory, a sweet and delicate flavor so many years in the making. His mouth watered at the thought of it.
But alas, the sublime walls of desire came crashing down in unjust cruelty when a new voice roared in anger, its noble tones filled with hatred. It robbed Marcus of this tantalizing moment he’d waited so long to see unfold.
He paused at the sound of someone bellowing his name and turned to its source. His single eye dilated as recognition flooded back.
‘Marcus Zion!’ cried Emperor Gildane. His wrinkled face seethed in anger as he looked upon his former champion.
Marcus turned his twisted face towards the outline of his friend, standing in a brazen lit doorway. A ragged smile crept across the General’s sunken features to see the absence of his mechanical leg. He noted the wooden spear thrust under his arm in support, but was surprised most of all to see he was aided by a Hibernian woman.
How curious, he thought, to be in the company of a wench from the Winter Realm. Has the old man’s sanity finally left him to rely on that broken nation?
He felt the last embers of power granted to him from the poisonous treatment reach out to survey Lucius’s weakened lifeforce, not that he needed to. The man looked frail, more so than usual. His wrinkled brow was marred with beads of moisture and the once healthy complexion he adorned was devoid any of the vibrancy it once knew. Obviously, the prolonged exertions of his recent trip to get here had taken a heavy toll on the aging man’s body.
His rule is all but spent. See how he crumbles… a dark voice slithered in the corners of his mind. Marcus’s eye widened at the chilling sound of the Ascended’s voice entering his head. In the whirling chaos of battle, he’d completely forgotten about his marvelous creations and wondered if they were close. He was sure to have tasked them with some crucial role, but was damned if he could remember what. Every time he tried to picture them, they appeared shrouded in darkness. It bothered him greatly. In the end, he put it down to another side effect of the poison.
‘Keep working,’ he growled as his men cast angered looks towards the new arrivals. ‘We’re almost through. I’ll deal with him personally.’
Yesss, go forth and fulfill your destiny… the voice hissed again. He welcomed its reassuring presence as he looked into his friend’s eyes. Lucius’s appearance had certainly come as a surprise, but ultimately, it was a minor setback. One way or another, the time had come to end this charade.
Marcus walked forward on unsteady legs, a contemptuous smile forming on his face. However, his expression quickly fell into one of awe as the gigantic forms of two feathered birdmen came stomping into view.
He froze, catching his breath at the sight of the towering creatures once thought lost to this world. Their bone-covered chests and piercing eyes screamed danger to him, forcing new life into his quivering heart. How in all the gods was this possible? And why should they choose now to intervene? Have Russco’s children sworn allegiance to Lucius’s cause also? And if so, why had the Ascended not foreseen this? Warned him of this potentially dangerous oversight? The odds of completing his noble task were slipping painfully from his fingers, stoking his rage. He was so close to victory.
Marcus shook himself free of his delirium, teeth and hands clenched. He would not be denied what was so rightfully his and set his gaze firmly on Lucius. ‘Welcome, my Lord Emperor,’ he said with forced warmness. ‘It seems you have arrived just in the nick of time. And in the esteemed company of the Ancients, no less. This day has indeed been filled with wonderous revelations.’ He gave short bow to the Volanti, which was not returned. Their stoic gazes remained unmoving.
Lucius hobbled forward. His grey eyes burning with fury. ‘By all that is good and holy, I command you to cease your actions and stand down immediately!’ he demanded.
The General grunted softly, unfazed by his outburst. Mock confusion played wickedly across his greying features as he savored the man’s unrest. ‘Stand down? Oh, I don’t think so. Clearly, sire, you lack the importance of this momentous occasion. We hover on the cusp of our nation’s greatest hour. Beyond that door lies the root of all evil. The Trian High Council. Come, let us share in this glory together. Bask in its magnificence. I will even let you cast the first blow, should you approve.’
He bade Lucius forward with an extended hand, to which, the Emperor snorted. His face darkened at the man’s audacity. This was the man who’d stolen his son’s life to evoke a war, and yet he still proclaims innocence. Did he have no shame? Who was this heartless creature standing before him? He hardly recognized him. A twisted shell of the noble officer he’d stood side by side with for countless years. It was the bitterest of ends.
Lucius was about to storm forward when a white furred Trian suddenly appeared, brandishing a twin-bladed sword. She pushed herself past the tiny group with canines bared.
‘Take one step closer to them and I’ll cut your worthless head from your body.’ hissed Prefect Shannis, pointing her blade towards the General in open challenge. Her long face twisted into a snarl as she stood defiantly before the man.
Marcus’s fake eye blazed with fire at her words. The gall of this insolent creature. What in Belthor’s name gave her the right to do so? Her presence here offended him greatly. ‘A lone Skritt will never have the power to stop me.’ he said through gritted teeth. Shannis spat a wad of phlegm onto the ground and gripped her blade tightly, but was quickly held back.
‘But I do!’ countered Lucius, placing his hand on the Prefect’s shoulder. ‘We stand together in this. As one. Your tyranny must be brought to an end.’
Marcus scoffed, looking between his aggressors. Was there no end to this man’s allies? It proved he was desperate. Weak.
A grim smile passed over his sunken features. ‘You would take the enemies’ side over mine and deny your glory?’ he said, eyeing Lucius coldly.
The Emperor remained firm. ‘There is no glory to be found here. Only treachery and betrayal. Your warmongering has brought nothing but shame to Cowldonia. I will not stand by it any longer. Mark my words, Marcus, you’ll hang for this atrocity.’
He seeks to topple you. Do not waver before him…
Marcus feigned a surprised look. ‘Treachery? My dear Emperor you are confused. I have sought only to bring justice for the wrongs cast against your lands.’ The man began to cough harshly into his hand, groaning angrily when it had passed.
‘Don’t play me the fool, Marcus. I know of your plot. It was you all along. You’re the one who kidnaped my son and framed the Trians so war could break out. The one who authorized those twisted experiments in secret, to create a weapon to destroy this land. And for what? To quell the demons of your past. You disgust me!’
The man’s words cast a cruel barb into Marcus’s heart. He froze in horror as the image of his son flashed before his eyes. A broken corpse robbed of greatness. Over what? A scrap of worthless land. He wanted to scream at the fool for not seeing the wrongness inflicted upon him. On Cowldonia. Even now, after all he had shown him, Lucius still didn’t understand the truth. Slarr’s children were a plight on the world. A plague against all others. They had to be purged. Even if he hadn’t taken Alex, how long would it have been before the Trian’s conducted a similar endeavor to wipe us out? It was only a matter of time. The faint voices in his head had confirmed this to him a thousand times already. They were the voice of the gods after all. How could anyone deny their reason?
He brought his mind back to the moment, stifling a chuckle at the old man’s stupidity. ‘Oh come now, Lucius. Don’t be melodramatic. You know that’s not true. We both know I’ve only acted on the Empire’s behalf. Let us not forget, it was you who sent me on this path of righteousness, after all.’ he pointed an accusing finger at Lucius.
The Emperor remained firm in his defence. ‘You manipulated me. Deceived me with some spell in order to trick me into fighting, I’m sure of it.’
‘And yet you have no proof to back these outlandish claims, do you, old boy?’
The Emperor ground his teeth for lack of response.
‘He speaks the truth,’ a young voice said, drawing the General’s hate filled gaze. ‘He was tricked. By you. We know of your plot to deceive him. You employed those things to fill his mind with hate and destruction, so he would have no choice but to send forth his forces and demand a war.’
Lucius turned his face to the woman as memories of that fateful day, now so long ago, came flooding to his mind. The day he ordered the Trian monks to be executed. He pictured their limp forms dangling before the roaring crowd. His grief-stricken wife crying out his name while he wrestled with his own conflicted feelings. It all made sense now. How else could his thoughts have turned to hatred so quickly as he stared at the monks? He closed his eyes tightly as he thought of the poor souls he’d condemned to death. Forcing himself to hold back the guilt. It was not his fault.
‘You know nothing of what you speak, foolish child!’ said Marcus venomously.
‘No, it is you who are foolish,’ rumbled Hotek, coming to the fore. ‘We have seen firsthand what manner of being you have become. The abominations you have created defy the gods’ vision of life. You have forsaken them in the name of vengeance.’
‘Accept it, Marcus,’ added Lucius. ‘It’s over. The banners of my family will not take the fall for this senseless rampage you’ve orchestrated. I’m taking you back to Bangarrow where you’ll be tried for your crimes against both Trian and Cowldonia.’
Marcus laughed deeply until he broke into a heavy coughing fit. Dark blood mattered his hand when it was over. He wiped it across his tunic. Lucius stared bleakly at the man he once held dear, seeing him for the first time for what he truly was. The darkened shadow of a once proud and inspiring figure that men used to look up to. He watched in silence as the man stood wearily on unsteady legs. Black fluid coated his lips as equally discoloured teeth broke from his skin to form a grisly smile.
‘What happened to you, Marcus?’ whispered Lucius. ‘You were supposed to be the best of us. A pillar of justice for others to find strength in. I shall mourn your passing.’
He has betrayed you. The time for words has passed…
The General’s face hardened. His lone eye narrowed as the milky orb became a slit of simmering fire. ‘You would condemn your friend to death?’ he growled. His voice edged in a firmness that matched his stone-like face.
Lucius met his gaze, unflinching. ‘You don’t get to call me that ever again,’ he said, his own face hardening. ‘You’re nothing but a monster. The years of trust we shared have turned to ash thanks to your heartless treachery.’
Quickly now, little Hwethgar. Your path to glory awaits…
The tension remained strong as the two men held each other’s gaze for an agonizingly long time. Eventually, it was Marcus who acted first, sighing deeply. He nodded slowly, more to himself, as he grudgingly accepted there was nothing left between them. A friendship which had endured most of their lives had finally come to an end. There was only one thing left to do.
He smiled wolfishly as the blissful sound of cracking wood permeated his surroundings. His hand dropped to his waist, fingering the smooth handle of a short crossbow hanging from his belt. ‘I am sorry, Lucius,’ he said calmly. ‘I really am. But the dead must be avenged.’
In a flash, the General drew his weapon and fired. The screeching bolt surged across the room at hurtling speed, too fast for the eye to see, and buried itself deep into the Emperor’s chest.
Lucius staggered back, screaming in agony as the bolt’s stone head ignited into a torrent of blazing fire that immediately set to work ravaging his shaking torso. A baleful laugh rent the air as the Emperor dropped to the floor. The malicious sound lasted only a few moments before the General found his own strength fail. A nauseating wave ran through him. He fell to one knee, clutching his chest. His quivering fingers buckled, unable to bare the heavy crossbow any longer, and let the weapon clatter to the ground as he drew in ragged breaths.
No, not now, please. I am so close! he thought, vomiting a pool of dark liquid onto the floor.
Lyanna, unbeknownst to his ordeal, reacted quickly to the attack. Launching herself onto the Emperor in a desperate bid to douse the violent flames. A high-pitched wail rocked her senses as the man writhed frantically on the floor. A freezing light exploded from her tiny hands as she brought forth the Eyther, dousing the blaze as the man’s writhing began to cease, but it was too late. The terrible work was done. Her young face became a mask of anguish to see the Emperor’s final breath escape his charred body. His corpse slumped heavily in her grasp as she called out his name.
She fixed her turmoiled gaze on the General’s wheezing form and watched him slither off into the breeched storage chamber. The bulk of his men charged headlong into a mass of Trian resistance while the remainder stood back to deal with her and the others. A surge of anger filled her to see his passing.
How could he turn on his friend so quickly, she wondered? she wondered. His heart must indeed be blackened to commit that kind of betrayal. Her anger grew the more she thought about it. Perhaps Leos’s determination to end the man was not entirely misplaced.
She spared him a fleeting thought as the scrape of steel cut into the room, forcing her mind back to the mounting danger. Lyanna steeled her resolve as soldiers dressed in grey charged towards her, ready to face this barbarity. The Prefect moved first.
A panicked cry left Shannis’s throat to see the General disappear, forcing her to leap directly into the ranks of advancing troops with fangs bared. Her twin-headed blade burst into white fire as she channeled Keir directly into the weapon, leaving a trial of golden light in her wake.
Vertias lashed out the instant she landed, removing the head of a charging soldier before slicing through another man’s torso. She immediately rolled to her side, avoiding a clumsy strike that would have otherwise ended her, then spun on her heel, bringing her would-be assailant down. The press of Imperial soldiers weighed heavily around her, but she would not be deterred. She had to protect the Council at all costs from that diabolical madman. Even if that meant trading her life.
She struck out hard, again and again. Her heart thumped wildly beneath her mattered robes alongside her heavy breath. The soldiers fought with a feral wildness in their eye, possessed by demons it would seem. Those that weren’t killed outright returned to their feet, despite the horrific wounds the Prefect bestowed, and launched themselves at her. Others dragged themselves across the bloodied floor, their arms flailing in a desperate bid to bring her down. It’s as if some unknown conscious was driving them on. Pain had little effect in slowing them. She feared they would never be stopped.
The Prefect whirled as a gust of wind rustled her fur and caught the barest glimpse of a feathered mass shooting past. It took her several moments to track the ancient beings, weaving amongst the slaughter. The Volanti moved with incredible skill, their speed alone defied their immense bulk. It brought a grin to her face.
‘A dark hunger lies inside these men.’ cried Sestik, thrusting his spear into a soldier’s back as he crawled towards him. The man’s hate-filled eyes remained fierce as the weapon drove out of his chest, pinning him to the bloodied dirt. An angered gurgle escaped his lips before he finally became still.
‘It must be the abominations. Their touch is everywhere. These soldiers care not for pain or death!’ Hotek added while clubbing a man down.
‘Then let us give them what they seek and end this quickly!’ cried Shannis, coming to their side.
The Trio pressed on with grim determination. Hacking and thrusting for what seemed like an age. Each step gained felt like a league amongst the slaughter. The press of resurging bodies was unrelenting and soon became too much to bear.
Shannis gasped as a deflected blade slashed her arm. It was followed almost instantly by another, this time across her thigh, forcing her to stumble. Ragged breaths left her wheezing chest as she leaned heavily on her blade. Streaks of crimson added to her black and white fur.
Where’s the rest of the Vanari, she thought desperately, releasing a controlled blast of Keir into a soldier’s face to buy her a few precious moments rest. Had her band of would-be fighters already fallen to the massed ranks of the General’s men? Perhaps her rash move to head for the Council on her own had left them vulnerable. They were, after all, relatively untrained. She should have held back a while longer to coordinate their attacks before abandoning them. Such desertion was the kind of thing she would have employed during her youth. No wonder she’d never made the cut.
A cool breeze washed over her matted fur, prickling her long whiskers. It caused a pause in her regretful thoughts to wonder what kind of devilry they were about to face. Shannis’s feline eyes widened as a great shard of ice plummeted to the ground a short distance to her side, knocking a score of lumbering soldiers to the floor. Her exasperated gaze shot towards the blue-skinned woman, standing over the Emperor’s corpse. A surge of freezing air circled around her child-like body.
Lyanna remained poised as she continued to summon the Eyther. Her emerald eyes glowing as the moons’ light washed over her through the broken rafters. Her hands thrust out. A second shard landed on the ground, followed by two others in quick succession, smashing into the remaining troops. Chunks of ice, whipped up by the rushing air, peppered Shannis’s fur as the giant rocks shattered into a million fragments, sending lumps of frozen debris in all directions. One such piece drove into the Prefect’s chest, knocking her over. The bite of frozen air filled her lungs as she clattered to the ground, drawing painful breaths.
The whirlwind fizzled away as quickly as it had formed.
Shannis looked up to see the Hibernian rushing over. Her youthful features now wracked in concern.
‘Oh, my goodness, I’m so sorry. That was reckless. I didn’t mean to lose control. Are you hurt?’ she asked, coming to the Trian’s side.
Shannis waved off the woman’s outstretched hand and got to her feet, shaking chunks of ice off her robes while she surveyed the carnage. Her jade eyes darted between the rising forms of the Volanti to the lifeless corpses of Imperial soldiers sprawled across the floor. ‘Couldn’t you have done that earlier?’ she said. A wryly smile forming on her long face.
The sound of scuttling feet drew all eyes, ending the moment.
Shannis leapt up, readying her blade as Lyanna and the Volanti did likewise. Her heart pounded loudly in her large ears as another group of soldiers came rushing into the room. It was the Vanari.
A long sigh passed her lips to see the battered remnants of her troops charging to meet them. ‘Hurry. They’re in the chamber. Protect the Council.’ she said, waving them forward as she followed. A heart-felt cries sounded as the Vanari charged through the broken doors. The clash of steel soon resonating as they met their foe.
Lyanna made to follow the brothers’ advance, but not before pausing to search for Leos. The man was nowhere to be seen. She looked about frantically, weaving amongst the rushing troops. Had her friend fallen? Did she leave him to his fate?
A large mass filled her vison, wandering aimlessly amongst the Trians. A deep-throated roar left its ugly face as it bounded towards the Emperor’s corpse. It skidded to a halt. Trunk-like arms, soaked in blood, swept Lucius from the ground, drawing him close. Its garbled mummer was filled with torment as she made her way over. It startled her. Was it possible this giant was crying for the man?
She walked up to him carefully as he sat cradling the deceased, asking in a gentle voice if he’d seen Leos. She was desperate to gain some clue as to the man’s whereabouts. But the grief-stricken brute was not forthcoming. It sat their trembling, a line of moisture marring his ape-like face. He mumbled something about shaming his tribe while he rocked back and forth. She left him to his torment.
The Hibernian was about to run back when she was grasped by a powerful hand. She turned to see the piercing eyes of the Volanti, bear down on her.
‘Hurry, they will need you at the end.’ boomed Hotek’s powerful voice, holding her back. A wave of guilt soared through her as the birdman began easing her forward, despite her protests. Sensing there was no time left, the Hibernian followed, leaving her companion to his fate.
   

D.R. Hurley

Thirty Five


Blood-soaked roars pierced the chamber as the cold bite of steel sank into flesh. The Vanari cut a savage wedge of death into the Imperial troops with no quarter given. Their grim faces snarled in hatred as they ploughed into their foe’s flank. Bursts of green light exploded amongst their number as warriors unleashed Keir at pointblank range. Bodies tumbled, caught unawares by the rushing troops, only to rise again with dogged resolve. Slowly the besieged invaders parted to fight the war erupting at their rear.
Long Furs ground their teeth as they tried to hold back the advance of the emotionless soldiers. The Imperials’ vacant features stared blankly into the Trians’ seething eyes. It was as if they were incapable of showing fear. Even as their troops were swarmed on two fronts, they battled on with grim determination. They forced a path into the chamber, with the General leading the way. A charge which would have faltered, had it not been for the Ascended. The pale blurs of flesh danced amongst the roving violence, leaving bodies wherever they passed.
Marcus tracked their movements after raking his sword across a soldier’s chest. Blinking in confusion, the General had no clue where his marvelous creations had come from, only that they seemed to be picking out the Skritt’s elite fighters. He must have ordered them to do this, though he still couldn’t remember. Not that it mattered now.
An orb of fizzing light raced towards him, thrown from a determined buck. There was movement, blisteringly fast. Something leapt in front of Marcus with impossible speed. He couldn’t even register what had happened until it was gone again. He stared in the wake of his would-be assassin. A smoking crater left in his chest where the deflected orb had impacted.
Go. Seize your destiny, little Hwethgar… a voice said sweetly in his ear.
Marcus smiled darkly as he watched the Long Fur fall, seeing an opening in the Trian battle line. He lunged forward, sparing the Ascended no further thought for saving him. Grey uniforms fell around him without spoken word. His soldiers stayed close to his rampant charge, protecting him while he headed towards a terrified group of Councilors. He was panting hard now. His body close to exhaustion. Dark fluid ran down his chin, but the sight of his prey filled him strength.
A pleasing shriek met his ear as he drove his dripping sword into a Councilor’s chest. A sublime feeling of joy washed through him to see the Skritt fall. Its blue robes darkening by the second as blood poured out of the wound. This was his moment. It had finally come to pass, just as his pets had foreseen. Finally, his son would be avenged. He could die knowing his honor was restored.
A polished boot lashed out, slamming into the head of the writhing creature before he moved on to the next.
‘Now, see what your greed has brought you,’ he snarled as a leapt towards a second insect, dressed in crimson. ‘The years spent hiding is over. Justice will be delivered!’ His sword licked out, crashing into a glittering blade. The impact caused the Trian to fall, pure terror wrought upon his long face.
Marcus moved in for the kill.

*****

Allious gasped as the bronze dagger fell from his numbed fingers. He scurried backwards, desperate to get away from the deranged lunatic. His thumping heart pounded violently in his ears as he fled, eyes glancing to the unmoving form of Councilor Ezikios. Would he too meet the same fate?
The man drew close with frightening speed. His twisted face brimming with hatred as he raised his sword. The Councilor released a fear-filled gasp as his back pressed into the chilling surface of the chamber wall. He was out of time. His killer’s shadow loomed over, grinning feverishly.
There was a cry. A screech of anger. Allious watched his adversary fall. He gasped in shocked relief to see a mass of tattered robes barrel into the General, just as he was about to strike. He scrambled into the shadows as the dazed man staggered to his feet. A grim-faced Trian stood before him. Her white and black fur was stained with streaks of blood.
Prefect Shannis gave her opponent little time for pause. She moved quickly, swinging Veritas in a wide arch. Her anger boiled after seeing this man slaughter an innocent Councilor, overwhelming her otherwise cool senses. If only she’d moved faster, she might have been able to save him. The Cowldonian would taste her wrath.
Her clumsy blow was easily parried, though it caused the tyrant to stumble. The man’s strength appeared to crumble before her fury. His bloodied sword fell from his grasp as he tumbled face-forward coughing. She moved quickly, intent on killing this vile demon. Shannis raised her blade high above her head, ready to bring it down in a two-handed death stroke.
‘Give my regards to death, General. May it find you welcomingly!’ she hissed.
An earsplitting roar froze Shannis’s arms.
The Prefect stumbled, along with everyone else inside the room. Weapons clattered to the floor as a surge of wind ripped through the chamber, knocking everybody over. Warriors from all sides wriggled on the blood-soaked dirt, struggling for air as an inescapable weight crushed their chests.
Lyanna screamed, clutching her head as the paralyzing effects of the storm sent her delicate mind into overdrive. The anger driving its wrath crippled her. She writhed on the floor in desperate panic. Both the Volanti had fallen close by, wings quivering, unable to help.
Shannis snarled as she fought to rise, but the invisible force pinned her to the ground. There was nothing she could do. Her large ears pricked as she twisted uselessly. The sound of booted feet making their way over drew her agonized gaze. She turned her head, grimacing from the effort, and saw a lone figure walking amongst the sea of squirming bodies.

*****

Leos’s eyes burned with hatred to see the Trian so close to his prey. To think his vengeance was almost stolen by this despicable insect. How dare it try to rob him.
Striding into the battle-wrought chamber, he caught sight of his companion rolling in agony. Her blue skin darkening by the second. The woman’s distress should have forced him to release his psychic grasp, but the fires of his heart were loath to do so. He looked at the General, then back to her. A chilling realization struck him. Now he understood why Lyanna was so eager to leave him in that skirmish. She wanted him to fall, so that she could take down the General herself. The truth was so painfully obvious. The Ascended were right. This girl had betrayed him. Just like everyone else. The many hours she’d spent preaching about how justice was far more important than vengeance was in fact a complete lie. She had wanted to kill Zion herself all along. Why else would she have abandoned him so? Was it possible that she had orchestrated the trap earlier, hoping the Trians would have ended him while she slithered off to enact the foul deed? Undoubtably. The evidence was clear. She’d probably conspired with that white furred rodent to carry on if she couldn’t achieve it herself. How else could they have met at that specific point, at that specific time, to separate him from her? It all made perfect sense.
He stepped past her reaching arms without so much as a glance and made his way over to the Prefect. Standing quietly over her struggling form, his breath coming in short bursts as he looked down at her. This creature was guilty of collusion. She practically stunk of it. He should have spotted it sooner. They had all taken him for a fool.
A hand lashed out. Shannis’s body shot across the blood-caked dirt, slamming into a wall. She crashed onto the hard floor and lay unmoving. The ensuing silence was quickly broken by countless groans seeping into the air as soldiers clutched their throats, fighting for breath. It brought a smile to Leos’s face.
Your anger fuels your strength. Allows you to uncover the truth. Give rise to its might…
The man paused. Dark eyes flashed around his surroundings, but he saw now sign of his kin. The lingering echo of their voices gave him pause for concern. He knew they were right. The thought of seeing General Zion fall by another’s hand had brought forth a surge of uncontrollable anger. The fact he had little to do with that paralyzing wind erupting from his body proved he should be cautious not to let his rage completely rule him. His outburst had broken the Ascendeds’ hold over the Imperials, if only he could control it. Where else could it take him? It was an intoxicating thought.
He cast the beings from his mind and turned back to the General’s heaving form. Now was not the time to air on the side of doubt. There was still a debt to be paid.
Leos flicked his wrist. An invisible net grasped hold of his foe and threw him over in a heartbeat.
The General gasped. His terrified expression met with the chilling fury of the dark-eyed man, dressed in Hibernian clothes. He had no clue who this intruder was as he scanned the youth’s rugged features.
‘General Zion. I’m here to settle my debt.’ said Leos with barely restrained fury.
Marcus froze. His beating heart dominating his senses. Was this man the source of that terrible wind and the crushing weight upon his chest? And if so, where had he come from?
His desire for life brought his thoughts back to the Ascended. Only they could save him now. He looked past his aggressor, frantically searching his gloomy surroundings for help. His lone eye widened as he finally spotted his pets, standing on top of a stack of rock-filled containers. All six of them motionless as they watched the unfolding scene, unaffected by the crippling force plaguing all others.
He called to them, reaching out a hand. Begged them for their aid. But the creatures didn’t move. A ripple of lank tentacles was their only response.
‘They cannot help you. No one can. You might as well accept it’s over.’ the man said darkly, following his gaze.
Marcus studied him curiously, still unable to place him. His haggard expression gradually began to slacken as a glimmer of recognition seeped into his conscious. ‘It cannot be…’ he spluttered as the truth began to dawn.
A cruel smile parted Leos’s face. ‘Oh, but it is. I’ve come back to you, General. At the end of your miserable existence. Did you really think me so easily discarded?’
Marcus’s head shook in disbelief. ‘It’s not possible. You … You shouldn’t be here.’
‘But I am here, General. I am. I wanted you to see what manner of creature I’ve become before I kill you!’
The weight upon Marcus’s chest fell instantly as Leos released his grip, allowing him to breathe. He looked at the General menacingly as the man slowly got to his feet, panting from the effort. Others in the room began to rise also. Their anger gone as they regraded the man fearfully.
Soldiers clutched their swords, sharing nervous looks. Leos felt his senses bristle, feeling their intent. He cast his arm out, hurling a bolt of darkened energy from his shaking fingers. The crackling orb detonated amongst the horrified men before they had time to react. A blinding moment passed and there was nothing left but scorched earth.
Leos turned to the sound of shuffling feet and smiled as more troops approached. ‘If you wish to meet them in Atholly then by all means, come at me again.’ he let his hand become wreathed in dark energy. Soldiers from both sides looked on warily, terrified by his presence. They began to edge back.
Marcus looked at the smoking scene aghast. Unable to process the destruction he had just witnessed. ‘I … don’t believe it…’ he stammered, eyes turning back to regard his creation.
Leos’s brow creased. ‘What? That you made a mistake in doubting me?’
The General smiled, his fear now replaced by awe. ‘That you’ve finally managed to gather enough strength to do what it takes. This is good. I’m proud of you, boy.’
Do not be fooled by his veiled words. He’s scared beyond reason. Your power grows beyond all others... the voices hissed in Leos’s mind.
Marcus cocked his head and began to chuckle. ‘I sense your brothers and sisters talking to you. How amusing. I always knew there was some bond between you. Even though you weren’t their equal.’
‘Do not speak,’ snapped Leos, ‘your words are shrouded in lies. You know nothing of what you say.’
‘Oh, but perhaps I do, my lad. After all, it was me who raised you.’
He’s scared of you, Father. See how he trembles…
‘Enough!’ Leos cried, glancing up at the Ascended before returning his gaze. ‘You stole my life from me. Took everything I had.’
Marcus laughed. ‘You had nothing, boy! I knew from the beginning what you were. A worthless being left to rot in the gutter. But now, look at what you are. What you’ve become. I gave you that power. Saved you from a lifetime of poverty. You should be grateful.’
Leos’s face darkened. ‘You turned me into a monster.’
Yess…
‘No. I gave birth to greatness.’
He lies. It was only for himself…
‘You tortured me.’
‘I saved you. You would not have grown had I not intervened. Now, you are a god!’
You’re nothing but his pet, destined to lurk in his shadow…
A wordless roar parted Leos’s lips. He thrust out his hand, pale fingers locking tightly around the General’s throat. Marcus grabbed hold of the man’s arm, trying to pull free, but was unable to break his iron grip. He spluttered, gasping for air. Dark spittle ran across his chin as his vision blurred. He looked toward the snarling grin filling his sight and panicked.
‘Leos, what are you doing? It’s over,’ yelled Lyanna, running to his side. ‘You don’t have to kill him. Please! That’s just what he wants. A way to escape his crimes.’
‘Then be quiet and let me give it to him!’ came Leos’s hateful response. A dark presence entered his head as he watched the General die.
Yesss. End him. End him now. His life is worthless to us. You have the power to topple him and ascend to your rightful place…
‘Stay out of my head!’ Leos roared. The sound of laughter echoed throughout his mind in response.
You cannot deny what you are, Father…
‘He must be tried for his crimes. To avenge all who were lost. Justice must be served.’ pleaded the Hibernian.
‘What makes you think I can believe anything you say?’ hissed Leos. ‘You want this as much as me. That’s why you left me for dead back there.’
‘How can you say that? I’ve always been here for you.’
‘The girl’s right. Death would be a mercy for him,’ said Prefect Shannis. ‘I was wrong before, but now I see the truth. Zion must suffer for his crimes, a long and cruel torture. He needs to rot in prison for the rest of his days, knowing he has failed.’
And you will never be able to rest knowing you have to…
Leos ground his teeth, struggling with his conflicted feelings. The man before him had taken everything from his life. Surely, the debt had to be repaid.
He watched as Lyanna moved closer, placing a hand on him. ‘If you do this, Leos, you will only become the weapon he intended. Please, don’t give him the satisfaction.’
Leos blinked. A weapon? Is that what I am… he thought as the General’s struggle began to weaken. His eye began to close.
‘Listen to your friend, Leos. She speaks the truth. You have the power to stop this. Take control of your life. Don’t be the abomination he wants!’ bellowed Hotek, moving carefully to Lyanna’s side with his brother in toe.
The man’s face softened as he digested their words. A moment of vengeance, for a lifetime of torture. Was it truly the best reward? Perhaps there was a way to take more from this man? A lifetime of suffering instead of a quick death.
The General’s arm fell to his side and his head rolled. Leos felt his hatred weaken, along with his grasp.
No! You cannot deny what you are…
He released his grip. The man fell.
Marcus coughed harshly as he frantically drew spluttering gasps of air, clutching his throat. He spat a wad of dark fluid onto the ground and held his chest as the Vanari began to circle him.
Leos looked down at him mournfully. Whatever justice there was left in this world, the General would feel its enduring bite from within a cell. With Leos staring back through the bars.

*****

A figure ran out from the smashed wooden doors, dressed in heavy robes. Nikita skidded to a halt as she looked on at the scene. Her hairless features twisting in outrage as she saw the Vanari surrounding General Zion.
‘No! That’s my right, not yours!’ she cried, when a second figure grasped her shoulder, preventing her from attacking.
‘Nikita please, think about what you’re doing. Don’t give in to vengeance. It only leads to ruin. The All Father himself forbade we tread its path. Remember, in his name, we repent.’
‘I don’t care what that All Father says, Amros!’ snapped the doe, shrugging off his touch. Her eye fell to the woven brass ring nestled amongst her fist. ‘That monster killed my mother. Slarr owes me the blessing of his death.’

*****

There was a flash of movement. A piercing screech as the monk suddenly leapt forward.
‘The butcher must die!’ came a heart-felt cry as Nikita leapt over the heads of gathered troops, her long face seething in hatred. A crimson orb flew from her paw. Its deadly path fell in line with the General.
Leos cast his horrified gaze towards the doe as time came to a halt. His arm reached out, hoping to deflect the orb’s path with his mind, but was met with a paralyzing force as all six Ascended reached out as one. Their tentacles writhed furiously as they struggled to hold the man in place.
No … his time has come. And so has yours. You will Ascend…
Leos roared as he watched the crackling sphere tear through the General’s chest. The Ascendeds’ grasp lasted a moment only before melting away. But it was enough. The deadly orb had done its work.
The man roared in anger as the subject of his torment fell from existence. His world came crashing apart in a single heartbeat. Instinct overcame grief as his mind struggled to cope with what had happened. He saw the robed stranger standing close to the General’s smoking corpse and felt nothing but utter hatred. His anger boiled. His body started trembling from the surge of blood pumping through his veins.
How? How could this have happened? Why did it happen? Hadn’t he done what was right? Why had fate chosen to mock him so? Convinced him to set aside his grief so that others may sip its warmth? It became too much for him to bare.
Leos charged forward, releasing a hateful cry as he smashed into the doe, knocking her to the ground. An angered hiss escaped the monk’s lips as she swiftly got back to her feet.
‘What have you done?’ he howled, kneeling before the General’s limp body. The mournful wail touched all hearts. His shaking hands pulled at his knotted hair as he looked down at the broken corpse.
The doe smiled darkly. ‘Now the dead can finally sleep in peace,’ she uttered. ‘You’ll thank me for this one day.’
Leos raised his hands, dark light enveloping them.
‘Leos stop. What are you doing?’ cried Lyanna. Her words did nothing to stop him.
A surge of light arched towards the monk from his outstretched hands. Nikita reacted instantly, leaping backwards to avoid the blast which vaporized part of a huge container. Precious rock spilled across the chamber floor, their cut faces glittering in the braziers’ light.
‘Leos stop. You have to let this go.’ Lyanna cried again as the man leapt to his feet.
‘How can you say that? She just took away my vengeance. It was all I had left!’
Yes. And now it has gone… the voices purred. Leos gripped his head tightly, trying to shut them out and looked at the doe.
‘You don’t want to do this, trust me. I’m not your foe.’ said Nikita, dropping into a low fighting stance.
She is. They all are. See how they mock you…
‘Shut up!’ he roared. ‘His grief was all I had left. And now it’s gone.’
‘That man’s life was mine to take. It was never your choice.’
‘Yes, it was. He robbed me of my life. And now you’ve robbed me of his.’
You must take back what is owed…
‘I did what I had to. My parents are avenged.’
‘You robbed me!’
‘I’ve done you a favor. You should be thankful.’
She lies to you…
‘Please, Leos. It doesn’t matter anymore. You can’t bring him back.’ said Lyanna as the man’s hands became laced in fire.
They’re all guilty of betrayal…
‘Shut up. Just shut up. I shouldn’t have listened to you! To any of you. You’re all against me.’ he yelled as wind started to rise. The swirling torrent quickly grew in strength as he cast his baleful gaze toward the Ascended. ‘I could have prevented this. I could have been at peace watching him rot in prison. Now I have nothing. Why did you stop me?’
It was necessary. You cannot escape your fate…
‘I’m sick of you trying to control me!’
‘You have to let this go, Leos. For your own sake!’ cried Lyanna. Her emerald eyes filled with moisture as his pain flooded her senses.
He turned his bloodshot eyes to hers, his face twisted in anger. ‘I can’t believe I trusted you.’
Then the room exploded.


D.R. Hurley

Thirty Six


Wind rushed franticly around the angered figure like a swarm of frenzied bees protecting their hive, lifting debris from the ground. Weapons, stones, even corpses were caught in its fury as Leos continued to pour his wrath into the storm.
Soldiers charged towards the man, a collection of wordless roars leaving their throats as their swords lifted defiantly to bring the tyrant down. Leos snarled. A bolt of energy soared from his palm, tearing through a sergeant’s chest. More bursts followed, crashing into the rushing troops, but still they came on.
Vanari and Imperial soldiers raced forward bravely, united by a single cause. They drew ever closer, desperate to end him. He would show the foolish insects the futility of their advance.
The sound of the Hibernian’s pleading cry was lost to his ears over the bone-chilling screams of death. Lyanna implored the man to stop his senseless massacre, shouting his name until her throat was sore. Her cries were in vain.
Streaks of fizzing light shot in all directions. Most, tearing through the would-be heroes, while some were deflected by quick handed Trians. The ring of death began closing around Leos with each passing second. The press of troops appeared much too thick for him to stop.
He cast his eyes towards the Ascended. The filthy creatures sat perched high, watching the storm with obvious interest. The nest of tentacles hanging from their maws trembled feverishly every time the man lashed out. To him, it looked like laughter. They were mocking him.
Despite all he had achieved, his growing power, his determination, they still taunted him. Much like they always had. Their audacity made him furious. He would prove to them once and for all who was the stronger.
Leos roared in anger. A huge pulse of light exploded from within the whirlwind’s centre, casting everyone to the floor. The chamber quivered beneath its devastating touch. Pillars crumbled. Bodies flayed as all were catapulted from their feet. The Ascended leapt from their perch as stacked containers fell, crushing those unfortunate enough to be underneath. Limbs snapped into unnatural angles as they tumbled across the dirt. Those that weren’t killed, ran in fear, their weapons clattering to the ground as they fled.
Leos surveyed the aftermath, his body trembling from the power coursing through his veins. It surprised him to see that despite his might, there were still some trying to stop him. This was more than simple bravery. It was downright foolery.
Bolts of screeching light lashed outward, killing all who tried to get close. Nikita cast aside her weariness to join the dwindling ranks of attackers, carefully channelling Keir into her smoking hands to deflect blast after soaring blast. A fizzing orb slammed into the ceiling after she swatted it away. A horrifying crack sounded in her ears as a part of it fell, sending chunks of stone plummeting to the ground, crushing a fleeing soldier dressed in grey. Shards of rock scattered across the floor before being swept into the never-ending storm. This infernal barrage would bring the entire refinery down if it wasn’t stopped.
More bolts lashed out, this time seeking the slender forms of the Ascended, who danced amongst the slaughter. The doe watched the pale creatures leap into the air as the ground beneath their feet exploded wherever they fell. The madman seemed intent on bringing them down. Shouting hate-filled curses every time they escaped. She ground her teeth knowing that she alone had the power to stop him.
‘Nikita, please. Help me. We must use this distraction to rescue the wounded.’ cried Amros, forcing her attention. The monk’s robes were flapping wildly in the blaze as he helped carry an injured councillor back to the exit, exposing his hairless features. The Vanari, along with Shannis, ushered people away as the deranged Cowldonian maintained his attacks on the strange beings. She looked back to him and felt hatred. That monster was a product of the General’s twisted mind, just like those wraiths. As long as they lived, his plan would never be stopped completely. She should end this, could end this. She knew that now.
Her eye locked onto a pale creature. The last time she had fought one of those beastly things she had almost died. And now there were six of them! She pressed a paw to her eyepatch as memories of that fateful encounter flashed in her mind. The image of her falling to the river, wounded and broken, sparked a wave of anger inside. She was stronger now. Things would be different. Back then, she had been bound by the restrictive teachings her uncle and the Long Furs had imposed. Amros had since shown her how to harness the true power of Keir. She was their equal. Surely, she owed it to her uncle and Callus to put an end to these vile spawn once and for all.
The thought sent her mind crashing back to the wounded Ambassador. Laying in the dark. The only family that remained. Didn’t he need her to? If she were to fall now, then who would be there for him? To nurse him back to health? Wasn’t his life worth saving too? In that moment she realised she would be abandoning him to seek out justice. No, not justice. Vengeance. Her selfish drive to pursue the General had clouded her judgement.
She looked to the Cowldonian. A wave of terror shot through her soul as she stared into his twisted face. It reminded her of herself in moments past. The anger she’d felt upon learning her mother’s killer. The hate, the blinding rage. Was this the same evil that had plagued her mother when father had died? Would she amount to a similar fate? To forego warning from those who’d cared about her, to risk everyone she cared about.
She caught sight of the Prefect, surprised to see even she was dragging a wounded councillor away. The fight in her apparently gone.
‘Hurry, there are still those who need saving!’ Shannis yelled, catching the doe’s eye.
A second cry forced her gaze. The madman had stumbled after a burst of light exploded by his feet. This was her chance to strike.
A broken timbre, whipped up in the torrent, slammed into the Prefect, knocking her over. It pinned her to a container, made her gasp for air as her lungs were crushed.
Nikita flinched, torn by indecision. Her feet remained planted. She wanted to help. Her instinct yelled at her to do so. But which path to take?
She thumbed the brass ring on her finger. At first her gaze lingered on it, but then it passed to the bare skin of her arm. Something echoed in her head. The distant words long since heard...

…forsake the failure of your past, my child. Have courage to let go of all you once knew…

She realised what she had to do.
Nikita raced forward, leaping to the struggling Prefect’s side. She lifted the beam enough for Shannis to escape.
‘Can you stand?’ she asked quickly, to which the Trian nodded. She smiled in response then helped her to her feet, handing her the twin-headed blade laying close. ‘Get yourself out of here. I’ll help the Council.’
‘At last, something we can agree on.’ Shannis hissed, revealing a cocky smile. The doe watched as the warrior limped off, leaning on her weapon. She reached for the councillor Shannis had been dragging and hauled him away.
Allious cried in pain as the grim-faced monk dragged him to safety. His right leg was shattered after being thrown into a wall, sparking untold agony, but he was thankful for her aid. He wondered how many of his colleagues had been saved, and who this robed saviour was that had appeared when so many others had fled. He thanked the All Father for his mercy.
Back in the centre, Leos watched as the last few soldiers approached. He sent an orb towards the group of Hwethgar pests, vaporising them before they had a chance to strike. He pondered the use of that word, dredged from the depths of his mind. It was a fitting name he thought, now that he understood his kin’s use of it. These people were insects. Their pathetic existence offended him. He would gladly purge them.
His eyesight looked beyond the smouldering corpses and saw a group of cowards fleeing towards the doorway. How dare they try to escape.
A blast of hissing energy arched towards them. The doorway exploded. The ceiling buckled as the tumbling debris spawned even more cracks. A billowing dust cloud smothered those knocked to the floor.
‘Your treachery must be avenged. There will be no escape!’ he cried, watching as the scuttling insects began to pick themselves out from the wreckage.
‘What are we to do now? There’s no way out of here.’ cried Shannis, coughing in the dust-filled air.
‘We have to work quickly. The building can’t survive much more of this attack. It’s going to come down on us!’ bellowed Hotek. His dust-covered mass set to work hauling chunks of rock with his powerful arms. His brother was quick to aid, along with several others. Lyanna gasped as the ceiling creaked again. Black lines spread far across its surface. The Volanti was right. Soon they would be all be dead.
She turned her gaze back to the growing vortex in the chamber’s centre and met with Leos’s piercing eyes. Those dark orbs chilled her soul as she looked into them. Who was this monster now staring at her? She no longer knew. Her heart broke to see her friend so enthralled with rage. His soul was completely blackened by its poisonous touch. She could feel its bite threaten her as she held his demented gaze. The man she’d know was completely gone, replaced by this grief-stricken monster.
Leos considered casting a second orb to hasten the traitors’ demise, when his pupils dilated, sensing the unmistakable presence of his kin leap behind him. The creature’s lightning-fast reflexes did nothing to stop a psychic hand from wrapping its crackling fingers around its wiry frame as it tried to attack.
Leos turned to look upon the demonic assailant, captured mid-strike. His eyes bore deep into its soul. For the first time in its existence, the pale being shuddered. A tremor felt by all its kin.
This is not the way. You have fallen from the gods’ path… it slithered. Leos revelled in its torment.
‘I’m done being your pawn. It’s time to learn the true folly of your cause.’ he hissed.
Leos swept his arm wide. The creature flew across the room, crashing through a stone wall. A mountain of rock thundered onto it, pummelling its fragile existence. The noise of tumbling bricks was soon outweighed by an ear-piercing screech as the other beings wailed simultaneously from the terrific blow.
Leos felt their combined power weaken. The mortal blow was a crippling strike to their collective mass. He was right all along. There was a way to beat them. He smiled darkly as two of the beasts landed before him with claws outstretched. The remainder fled from his vison as they began to circle, but he tracked them no less.
How dare you strike out at us. This treachery will not go unpunished…
The man laughed. A wicked and cruel cackle.
‘I’d like to see you try.’ he said, throwing an orb of light at the nearest one. It battered the sphere away, though the force pushed it back. The monster screeched, cradling its blacked hand. A thing which appeared on all the beasts. Leos smiled. Another bolt flew, this time landing in the stunned creature’s chest. A blur of gore-filled light followed as the creature exploded, releasing a cacophony of screeching voices as the remainder wept.
Bolts of raw psychic energy bounced harmlessly across the man’s body as he continued to summon more power. His skin began to tingle from the amount of energy surging within. Its force was as corrupting as it was pleasurable, and his lust insatiable. The remaining creatures turned to him as one, watching pitifully as the being of there own creation continued to draw even more power to itself. Feasting on the limitless supply that was available to him. His thirst so great, it was rivalled only by his anger.
The wind blew faster, picking up momentum. Dust and debris clouded the air, making it difficult to see. The Ascended stood unphased. Nothing touched their pallid flesh.
Your grief has blinded you, Father. Your path is broken. You risk the gods’ wrath. We have failed you…
‘You still don’t get it, do you?’ hissed Leos. ‘I am more than you can ever know. I have surpassed your every being. Let me show you the error of misjudging me.’
The man let out a sinister laugh that was equally abrasive to the soul. The Ascended hissed in response, adopting a crouched fighting position.
Another torrent of psychic energy flew wildly out of his hands and would have destroyed both creatures if it were not for their abnormally fast reflexes. Somersaulting sideways, the beings leapt clear of the otherwise fatal blast, landing either side of their intended master.
One landed close to Lyanna, causing her to gasp. The creature’s wire-thin body was taut with muscle as it dropped into a low stance. Its sickening presence filled her with loathing. ‘You did this to him. How could you do that?’ she cried, taking a step closer. ‘All this death is your fault.’
The creature maintained its ethereal gaze on Leos. Its body was poised, ready to strike. But its dark voice reached out, entering her head.
It was … not supposed to be this way. He has fallen from the gods’ plan! it screeched. The woman felt her blood turn cold to hear its fell voice echo within her mind. She wanted to scream at the thing.
‘My blessed children. Do not be afraid,’ shouted Leos, drawing her gaze. ‘Fore it was through your love and devotion my rebirth was ensured. And in thanks, I will be merciful. I shall grant you all a swift death.’
The deranged smile on his youthful face added to his look of insanity. Lyanna wanted to weep.
Destined you were to guide us, Father. Bind us as one. But ill you have turned, in such a way that not even we foresaw…
‘Enough talk!’ bellowed Leos, ‘I grow weary of you. If I am truly to be this Father you prophesied, then let me show you the meaning of true power.’
Leos reached out to a massive container with both hands. Its metal shell creaked in resentment as it was lifted from the ground by unseen forces. He threw his arms towards the pair of hapless observers. The massive vessel shot across the chamber.
The woman screamed as the object hurtled towards her.
Orbs of crackling energy met its deadly path as the Ascended fired as one. Bursts of purple light slammed into the container’s surface, destroying it in a spectacular display of rocketing stone. The shockwave displaced the ceiling above, sending huge chunks of rock crashing down to where she stood. Lyanna gasped as a dome of purple light rose up from the ground, enveloping her and the pale creature in a purple glow. The dome hissed and shrieked as thousands of glittering stones, rocks and twisted metal fell across its shimmering surface. Her initial thoughts were woefully misplaced as she saw the ethereal being standing tall, its long arms stretched high. Its large head tipped in her direction after sensing her confusion.
Fate holds another task for you. We see that now. Your destiny has arrived… it hissed inside her mind.
The Hibernian reeled from its sickly voice. ‘I don’t understand. Tell me what you mean?’
It is from your hand the final blow must strike as we focus his gaze. He will never detect your presence if you shroud your feelings…
Lyanna shook her head. Her large eyes glistened as she cast out its plan. ‘You can’t ask me to do that!’
If you do not do this, then you will all die, including him. It matters not to us, our fate is sealed, but yours can still bear life if you so wish. Don’t let grievance cloud your reason. His madness has tainted him forever. Nothing but death will provide peace for him…
There was a heart-felt yell. A horrible snarl of seething emotions set loose as Leos roared in anger.
‘Now you work for them?’ cried Leos, seeing how the creature had saved her. He clenched his fists along with his teeth. Here was the proof he sought. This woman’s treachery knows no bounds. He never should have trusted her. Now, he would teach them all the price of betrayal.
He fired an orb of light. Its crackling form smashed into the giant doom, causing it to tremble.
‘Stop this Leos. I’m not your enemy!’ Lyanna cried from within the shimmering structure, but her distorted words served only to instil more hatred.
‘You never should have betrayed me, Lyanna. I’ll kill you for this!’ Leos shouted as he fired again. The creature’s tentacles thrashed wildly as it struggled to weather his assault. Each blow to the dome was like a terrible impact to its skull.
We … cannot hold him for long. Our strength is failing. You must choose quickly. His vengeance will not be quenched once we are gone. He will come for all of you… it said as another blast pummelled the shield’s surface, bringing the pale beast to its knees.
Lyanna turned from it, her eyes now streaming as she refused to do its bidding. How could she even contemplate doing such an awful deed, even to save her own life?
She found the piercing stare of the Volanti bearing down on her as she looked back to the survivors.
Hotek said nothing as he maintained her gaze, but placed his hand flat across his bone-covered chest, tapping it slowly. She understood his meaning instantly, copying the move without thinking, and felt the firmness of the bone knife tucked within her coat.
The warrior nodded, then went back to his work, helping as the others cleared a way out.
When the dome falls you must run. My brothers will use the last of our strength to distract him…
‘Why are you doing this? After all you’ve done, why now should I trust you?’
Because we have failed the gods. A monster has been unleashed by our hand. Wild and uncontrollable. Perhaps this small token of mercy will in turn be repeated when we reach the golden foothills of the next realm…
A final blast tore into the shield, this time collapsing it. Lyanna watched the being grip its bulbous head tightly as the blast sent a shockwave of pain throughout its skull. It rocked back and forth on its knees while struggling to cope.
Go … now! it hissed, before an orb of light smashed into its torso, instantly vaporising it.
Lyanna screamed as the Ascended’s remains crashed onto the floor with a wet slap of blood-soaked flesh. She fled the scene as quickly as she could. The roving storm whipped up her crimson hair as she headed towards a stack of tumbled containers. Bursts of light exploded around her feet as she ran, covering her in dust and shards of rock. The man shouted a stream of angered curses as he watched her hide, but was forced to stop when a pale creature leapt to his front.
The Ascended’s arm lashed out, tearing through his shirt with its clawed hand. Leos wailed as warm blood dampened his clothes. He reached out, catching hold of the thing with his mind as a second creature appeared, striking at his exposed back.
Lyanna watched as the being drew more blood from the man, who roared in anger.
Leos turned, releasing a wave of blinding light from his outstretched palm. The beast gripped its jewelled eyes and stumbled back as the man returned to its counterpart, still ensnared by the invisible force projecting from his mind. He clenched his fist and the creature spat a shrill cry as it was crushed. Leos threw his arm out, sending it rocketing across the chamber. Its limp body smashed through the ceiling, disappearing from sight.
The woman gingerly withdrew the blade from her coat, staring at its smooth surface. Was there really no other way to end this?
She forced her mind into calmness as the man took a menacing step towards the remaining Ascended. Her eyes closed, felt her emotions pass into nothing as he slowly raised his hand. Lyanna released a deep breath then ran into the storm.
Moving quickly, she raced towards the man’s back as he fired a blast of dark light at the wounded creature. Her long hair beating wildly in the wind. The Ascended was powerless to stop the blast. Its torso vanished in the spectacular light. A cruel smile parted his lips as he watched the thing die. Now, he had proved his worth. He was not the failure they had branded.
His jubilation lasted just a fleeting moment.
Leos gasped as a blade punctured the soft tissue of his back. The sudden shock of the driving wound caused his mind to shatter, ending the whirling torrent of destruction filling the room with a final blast of pulsing energy. He stumbled to one knee, debris shooting in all directions as the storm fell. The shockwave smashed into the fragile structure of the room. Beams twisted. Rocks fell as the building started to collapse.
The blade clattered to the ground, lost in the sound of plummeting stone. Lyanna wept to see the man fall. The weapon’s bite must have been poisoned for him to fall so quickly. She watched mournfully as he lay writhing on the ground. The last embers of existence seeping quickly from his soul. His dark eyes stared blankly into hers for what felt like an eternity.
She saw the hurt in them. The anger. Even in death, he still wished her dead. What cruel fate had forced this innocent man to succumb to madness?
A final hiss of passing air escaped his lips before he fell silent.
Lyanna felt herself be lifted in the powerful arms of a feathered giant as the world around her crumbled into ruin. A great beat of giant wings carried her swiftly from the man’s lifeless body.
Still holding his gaze, she flew through the air, watching as a torrent of crumbling rock buried him.


The Children of Zion

Epilogue


In the days and weeks that followed the tragic events of Dantioc, the world came together to mourn.
The Emperor’s body was taken back to Cowldonia, where it was buried alongside his forefathers. His wife, the Lady Helena, became the new Empress until their son came of age to take the throne. Her first act was to formally denounce the General’s plot to start a war. She sent aid to the east to help rebuild the broken nation. Trade routes were strengthened, and new friendships forged. For the first time in the Empire’s history, Trian was welcomed into the west as equals.
The High Council was re-forged, under the steely eye of its newly adopted Master of War, Shannis, who brought strength back to her nation. The ways of old became firmly rooted in society once again, granted new life and belief, thanks to the valiant efforts of the Vanari.
Despite Shannis’s pleas, Nikita returned to Ramool with her companion Amros and the former Ambassador. Together, they lived out their days striving to spread the All Father’s will. The doe was able to find peace amongst the temple’s wind-swept halls and let go the anger of her troubled youth.
In the north, Lyanna took to the throne. And, under the guidance of Lord Ellious and her Ennir, used her power to help rebuild her divided country. The people were overjoyed to have a Darntro on the throne after so many absent years and flocked to her rule. She enjoyed a lengthy reign and became the realm’s most beloved monarch. Though secretly, she was always troubled by her encounter with the dark-eyed man. His hate-filled eyes forever haunted her dreams until her deathbed.
All this was witnessed from afar by a hunched figure dressed in tattered robes. Its features always covered from the glare of day. Whenever eyes fell its way, the figure turned, removing itself from their probing vision.
It clung to the shadows silently. Nestled within its concealing warmth. Its family gone; its purpose shattered. The very last of its kind. The great strength it once knew was all but gone. A pale glimmer of its former self.
It spent its time lingering within the Namolean Belt, haunting its treacherous peaks. From there, it studied the world diligently, watching as a new time unfolded. Its hidden form stood frozen as it gazed down, its robes stirring idly in the gentle breeze.
Nothing else around it moved, save the gentle ripple of fleshy strands hanging from its maw…


About the Author

An avid sci-fi and fantasy enthusiast, Mr Hurley enjoys spending his free time exploring the British countryside with his family, watching movies and creating fine Indian cuisine that contains an unhealthy level of heat.
He lives in North Wales with his wife and three children, their pet cats Fraggle & Rory and rabbits, Doughnut & Cupcake.


If you enjoyed the story, it would be absolutely wonderful if you could take a few minutes to share, or leave a short review on the platform you purchased it from.


