
Filipino Vampire
Raymund Hensley

Copyright 2011 by Raymund Hensley
Smashwords Edition
Join my mailing list at raymundhensley.blogspot.com

All rights reserved
Cover design by Raymund Hensley

Smashwords License Statement
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each reader. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. All rights reserved.



CONTENTS

ONE
Filipino vampires just want to eat babies....

TWO
A hundred kids have vanished over the course of a year....

THREE
He was rolling around on the ground, holding his knee and crying....

EPILOGUE

ABOUT THE AUTHOR

BOOK PREVIEW
How I Met Barbara The Zombie Hunter


ONE

Filipino vampires just want to eat babies and kids. Yeah, they can go for adult meat too, but baby/infant/kid meat is fresher...cleaner. Four out of five vampires agree: “Young, tender meat is just less polluted.” Filipinos, like my mum, love to call them vampires, but let me tell you, they're really witches. But I can see how some may see them as vampires: they like sipping-drinking-gurgling blood and they fly around and would rather do things at night. BUT, like a witch...Filipino vampires can walk around in the daytime to do chores and whatnot like everyone else. They just look weird, like they need more sleep. Vampire. Witch. Both are interchangeable here.
“Aswang!”
If you were in some village in the Philippines, that's what you'd most likely hear at one in the morning. Someone's always wanting attention. No one says, “Filipino vampire” there. They say, “Aswang”. Pronounced Us-wong.
The thing that always scared me about the aswang was the idea of it detaching at the damn hip and flying around like some kind of perverted torso – hungry, drooling, eyes searching, muscles twitching; in general, way too excited. The legs would stand in the woods. That was one way to kill an aswang: Murder the legs. Some aswangs flew around with their guts hanging out. So if you ever see a woman's torso sauntering through the breeze with its intestines dangling, just know to bring your hands up and slowly back away.
My mother always told me stories to set me right. (Isn't that always the case with dumb parents? “Let's not talk to our kids, let's scare the bejesus out of them with talk of ghouls and ghosts.”) My mum's stories all took place back home and involved pregnant teens too stupid – Mum says – to not wait until marriage to get their groove on. She felt no pity for these dead kids. THAT horrified me more than the monsters in her stories. The look on her face when she spoke about these “dead kids” was always...so...d-e-a-d. She really didn't give a damn. One time, she shrugged and looked up and applauded, saying, “Good job, dead kids! Couldn't wait until marriage to have your cooters poked, eh? Now look at ya. All dead and shit. Job well done.”
At least fifty times a year, she said that if I misbehaved, she would tie me to the roof so the aswang could eat me...teach me a lesson. Tough love. Tough parenting. I guess she was trying to man me up. Make my skin thick to protect me from the knives of the world. But come on – telling me stories about monsters? And this was in Hawaii. America. In 1992. A year I should have remembered for MTV, shoes that pump up, dangerous Hawaiian gangs, and Parker Lewis Can't Lose. Not for monsters. (The other Filipino beast she used to make me oops-I-pooped-my-pants involved your twin that lived in the trees, and if you took a piss on that tree, your twin would jump down and straight up murder you and do unspeakable things to your corpse. Gadzooks! But that's for another story.) 
1992.
That was the year I decided that I wished my mother dead. Twelve years old and filled with hate against the woman who gave birth to me. Guilt, guilt, guilt. I'd wake up in the middle of the night, crying and whatnot, at the same time hating and loving my mum. What to do? How to FEEL? No kid likes being hit, but imagine being told that a monster was going to eat you because you did something “bad”, like not eating all your food? Sometimes she would beat me with a bamboo broom. It was amazing. My own mother abused me. I felt like some crook that tried to steal her purse. I was her daughter. Her flesh and blood. This was how she was disciplined back in her birthplace, back in Cebu, in the Philippines. So I guess it was just a matter of rinse & repeat. I just believed it was the same the world over. All parents hit their kids, right? All mums and dads hate their kids. Hate'em for stealing their dreams. Humans with little dicks (or little boobs) and big tempers going all out on their kids.... I decided that wouldn't be me. And if my husband got nuts on our younglings, I'd rip his eyes out and pretty much use his skull as a toilet. I'm just sayin'.
With Mum...not much I could do. She was bigger, stronger, and I HAD to listen. That's what kids do, because the bible tells me so.

That night on the roof, though, was the last straw. There I was, all tied up against this long, cold television antenna, shivering, on the verge of vomiting, while Mum watched The Filipino Channel in that warm living room. I couldn't scream for help. She would have felt guilty. God knows what that woman would have done then. And I didn't fight back when she was tying me up. As a little kid, my mum stood tall like a giant. Any fussing, and she could pick me up and toss me into traffic. I really had no IDEA what this woman was going to do next when it came to “disciplining” me. Better the roof. Better tied to that antenna, waiting for the aswang to come and teach me a lesson in manners. So says Mum. And what was the lesson? Eat everything off your plate? Good deal. Makes sense. Don't finish your plate? DIE!
Now you may be thinking, “Why didn't your dad stop her?”
Dad? WHAT dad? That loser ran away when I was born. The end. Moving on.
I pissed all over my bare feet that night, half of me doing it to keep warm. What would happen if the next morning she came up to check on me and I were dead? What if she really did see an aswang with my head in its mouth, with my face all confused and weeping, my eyes rolling round and round like a cartoon character? What then? Did she really believe in aswangs as much as I did? I wanted it to come and get me. I wanted my mum to find me half dead. Maybe that would teach HER a lesson in manners, ha ha ha. 
The next morning, she untied me.
She said something to the effect of, “See? You're lucky you're a good girl! Aswangs can smell bad girls. They fly down and eat them!”
Smell bad girls? That's a new one. I didn't know aswangs could smell my naughty musk. 
I said nothing. I didn't even look at her. I'm sure she sensed that something was different about me. She told me to go downstairs and shower and eat. I guess she didn't smell the urine  that colored my legs, because if she did, she would have whacked me on the behind. If she did, I just would've jumped a little, but that's it. I wouldn't have made a peep. Wouldn't wanna give her the satisfaction.
As I showered, I began to daydream of ways to kill my mum. What was the best way? Cops were smart. I felt like I was trying to scrub and shower off all this guilt. How dare I think of such vile, evil things toward my mother? It was folly. Hell was waiting. I knew Satan could hear me. He was saying, “Good, goood,” as he rubbed his hands together. “I can smell her naughty musk. Mmmmm!”
I sat down in the tub, hugged my knees, and wept a real good one.
A few minutes later, I started thinking about having a new mum, a loving mum, a mum that would talk instead of hit...treat me like someone special. I wanted respect. This idea gave me hope – lifted me, sent my heart racing, soaring. I was inspired. I shampooed my hair and smiled. 
Fine.
The scorpion woman can live. 
I had a new goal in life. I wanted a new mother – Mandy's mother. Each day at her house was Heaven – free cupcakes, free soda, free cartoons, on and on. Her name was Sherry, and I loved her more than anyone, even more than my own friends; even more than Mandy. So whenever Mum came a'knocking, I wept. Hard. I let it all come out in Sherry's arms. I left that house kicking and screaming, wanting Sherry to say to my mum, “Hey! Devil! Leave that kid alone!”
She just kept silent, though. I didn't blame her. My mum was spooky. Beefy. Manly. She had these wide eyes surrounded by all this meat. In all those years she was my mother, how many did I spend looking into those beef-eyes? Not much, I can tell you. I remember her feet a lot, though. She always wore these old sandals. They looked out of place in these modern times. They were like things someone that lived in a village would wear (of course). I always wondered: If I somehow got Mum to wear more modern –  hipper – clothing, would that change her personality? Would it exorcise those old beliefs out of her brain? Of being afraid to sleep right after taking a shower because it could make you blind? Of whistling at night because it could call demons to you? Of being pregnant because it could bring an aswang to her home? 
She tried to kill me, you know – when she found out I was inside of her. Mum told me this many times, right after hitting me, said it right to my face, nose-to-my-damn-nose. She tried to kill me because aswangs can smell the baby inside pregnant people. “Can smell the shite.” FLASHBACK: Mum considers me a threat. I have to come out before the monster comes, so she falls down the stairs a few times. When that doesn't work, she runs into a busy street...and a car hits her square in the stomach. Then I am born. “True story,” Mum said. “Now off to bed with you. Momma has to watch her stories on the magic box with all those people inside.” 
Magic box? 
God. What a drunk.
I'd always hear these interesting, yet depressing tales on Mum's less sober mornings, right before she made me breakfast and sent me off to school. When I came home at around three, I'd always find her in the closet, weeping in Filipino about things I didn't care any more to understand.
“Just rush upstairs and do your homework,” I always told myself. “Get good grades so you can move out – live in your own nice (and sane) place with wonderful, cute cats. It'll be great, but it'll take work. Don't stop believing. Oh, and you're talking to yourself again. Stop that. Guys find that unladylike.”

Honolulu, Hawaii. We lived in a bad part of the island. The projects. In Kalihi. Every night I'd hear gunshots out my window (maybe fireworks?), including screaming, babies begging, glass shattering (meaning fists flying through windshields), cars halting, mopeds being stolen, cats being stepped on, and, worst of all, my neighbors beating the Holy Hell out of their kids with these bamboo brooms. Gadzooks. And these are grown-ass men being beaten – pleading for their parents to stop. Samoans aren’t soft on discipline. And there was a reason for it, too. For the family next door, at least, it was all in the name of God. A lot of these kids/adults that were beaten would join gangs, and...well, like I said earlier...rinse & repeat.
There were many, many gang beatings, too, back in those early 90's. The news would be filled with reports. 80% of the time it would involve a high school. As a young girl growing up in a place like that, how do you survive? Two options here: Join a gang and get protection, or keep your mouth shut and your eyes to the grass. So I took the last choice. For years I did that – never looking up when I walked ANYWHERE. Down, down, just always look down. And walk fast. 
There was one gang member who comes to mind. He was a member of the Samoan gang SOS (Sons of Samoa). He was what I considered to be one of the good guys. One day, I was walking to Fern Elementary school, and all these guys – and some girls – surrounded me, getting ready to mess up my day. Not because they wanted anything; they were just bored. One of them grabbed at my backpack. Then this guy comes jumping out from the bushes and starts throwing people left and right. We were right next to a busy street, and I was afraid he'd fling a few over. I didn't want this gentle giant charged for murder.
He took my hand and dragged me away. We ran to St. John's church and sat on the stairs. The doors were bolted shut by this huge metal rod. It was yellow for some reason. I opened my bag and gave him some juice. Turns out he didn't want to be in a gang any more. He wanted out. He wanted to be a priest, just like his grandpa. That's why he dragged me to the church, see? He liked it there...said it soothed him...kept him from murdering people. 
“I want to be a priest so bad, man. My bones want it,” he said. “I can feel it in my bones.”
But first, he had to change his name. He always felt guilty about his name. I sipped my juice and looked at him in an odd way.
“If I may ask, what is your name?”
He stood up and put his fat hand on the church doors. He closed his eyes, as if sucking in some invisible power.
“Vee.”
I shrugged.
“That's not so bad. What's your last name?”
“Negar.”
“I'm sorry, did you say...”
He spun around fast. Juice came out my nose, I was so scared. Vee pumped his fist at me.
“YES, MY NAME IS VEE NEGAR. LIKE VINEGAR. Do you have a problem with my name? Do you want to laugh?”
“Jesus, no,” I said, ready to bolt if this dude got nuts. “At least you have a cute name.”
His eyebrows came together, eyes getting beady.
“Yeah. Guess that's true. Listen, I didn't mean to get all scary on you. Sometimes my temper blows up, is all.”
A truck drove by. A small dog was in the back, barking. Vee calmed down.
“Damn my life. As if my last name wasn't bad enough. Most teachers hate me just because of my last name...but it doesn't help that I look scary. Because I have muscles.” Only he pronounced the C, so it came out like “mus'kles”.
“I don't think it's a bad name. I think it's unique.”
“Who's that?”
“It's not a person. It means special. YOU'RE special.”
He was quiet for a long time. I got scared. Was he losing his mind again? Was he going to hit me? 
“You think I'm special?”
“Are you mad again?”
“I think I'm going to cry.”
“Oh,” I exhaled in relief. “Good?”
He pressed his face against the church doors and spread his arms out, like he was trying to hug the whole building. He wept.
“I didn't mean to scare you. I don't want to scare anyone any more. I don't want to hurt anyone any more. I don't want to rob anyone any more. I don't want to throw backpacks up telephone lines any more. I don't want to throw kids up rooftops any more. I want to be good. I want to be a motherlovin' priest and go to Heaven. It's the only guarantee I know.”
“Go to Heaven? I thought we Grew to Heaven.”
“I don't understand anything you're saying to me right now.”
I explained to him that he JUST had to get out of the gang he was in, that he JUST had to stop stealing mopeds and all that jazz. He nodded. It was true. He would have to change who he was to become the man he wanted to be, and it wasn't going to be easy. Killing old habits and developing new ones was rough. Could he do it? I hoped so.

A few days later I was watching the news, and a large black and white photo of Vee popped up. The rice I was eating flew out from my nose, I was so shocked. 
Vee was dead.
It was gang related (le sigh). He and some friends were attacked inside Tony's Toy Shop. They were just in there, shopping and not causing any trouble, when a rival gang, wearing black shades, crashed their mopeds through the glass entrance and shot up the place. I cried with my hands over my mouth while the news woman yacked. Poor Vee had his head beaten in by a baseball bat wrapped in barbed wire. Before fleeing the scene, the rival gang poured whiskey all over the scene for some reason. The police said it was out of respect. I was confused.
Tony himself was on TV, interviewed by an unseen man with the lowest and manliest voice in the world. Tony appeared to be a high strung Korean fellow. His speech was fierce.
“They come here! Junk up my store!”
“I see,” said the reporter with the manly voice, “and where were you when they did this inconvenient act?”
Tony paused, as if too embarrassed to say.
“I...I jumped into a pile of dolls. I was so scared. Oh, sweet Jesus, forgive and forget!”
(Man cries.)
“Shh, sir. It's okay. You're okay.... For now.”
“No! It's not my fault! If he wasn't in a gang, this never would have happened! Stupid kids and their ways. This would never have happened back home, in Yuma.”
My mum turned off the television and looked at me like she was looking down the barrel of a shotgun.
“See that? That's what happens when you're a bad little girl and join a gang, sneaking into crypts and looking for blood or whatever these hoodlums do.” She went into the kitchen to wash dishes and complain to herself some more. “If you're bad, yup, God kills you,” she said. “There's the proof in the pudding, mmm-hmm.”
Proof in pudding? What does that even mean? 
I wanted to punch her lights out. How dare she say that God wanted Vee dead? He was a fine kid! I wanted to tell her how I was almost hijacked, how Vee saved me...how he wanted to quit the bad life to be a priest. 
I stood right up, straightened my back, and pointed an accusing finger in my mum's general direction.
“I wish YOU were dead!”
I heard a dish drop, shattering.
Mum walked out from the kitchen, dazed. She looked like a zombie. The eyes were wide...dead...HYP-no-tized.
My legs wanted to run. I didn't move. This was a life-changing event. I had to stand my ground. I had to be heard. This was important, but believe me when I say my heart was pounding in my ears.
Mum had a glass cup in her hand. Her face exploded with rage, reminding me of a snarling dog that once chased me all the way to school a few years back. Mum shut her eyes and screamed and THREW the glass at me, hitting me in the cheek with a Thunk!
I was knocked out real good.
No dreams that night.


Before we go any further, I want to share a letter with you that I found when my mum was out getting drunk and fooling around with dudes from Pearl Harbor. Yes, I looked through her stuff, but what else does a bored kid do when they're home alone? Anyway, I remember finding it in her closet, under a stack of “educational” magazines. The letter kinda just fell out from between some sticky pages. I don't have the thing on me. I didn't save it. But it's in my memory in bits and pieces. I think you'll find it interesting. Enjoy.

I gathered the gang and went to that weird church again. Something truly strange is going on up there. Everyone wanted to drink under the bridge, but I said NO. They listened. They always do. And that's why I love my friends. They always do as I say. All these cars headed for the church. We followed on foot. Some of us said forget it and stayed behind. Guess who? Right. Jim and Lisa. Said they were too spooked by the church and preferred to go back and get drunk under the bridge. It was just the two of them there, and I'd bet dollar to donuts drinking wasn't the only thing they were doing.
To hell with him. I always knew he was scum. People telling me he liked me – LIES. Him calling me all the time, saying how he's there for me, how he hated you-know-who for leaving me. All LIES. Everything out of his mouth. But that night I said screw it. Let him gets AIDS. Oh, you didn't know? Yup. Lisa's got the HIV. I could tell Jim all about it. Save his life. But...nahhh.
We reach the church. Me, Ca'leen, and Mr. Skinny-ass Fernando. See? Now here's a guy I could see myself getting it on with. Disgustingly skinny, yes, but at least he's nice. Respectful. And he's getting his degree in accounting. So I think that's a good thing. Whenever I think of accountants, I think of lots of money. So that's covered, yeah, but it would be nice if I could maybe put some meat on his bones. I don't wanna be humping no skeleton. His hips must be like daggers. Whatever. It's all right. I can change him.
Fernando was getting scared. He wanted to turn back, but I kept him there by touching his arm and telling him everything was okay – that I needed him – needed his help. And it worked. That's the thing about this guy: you touch his arm, and he's like putty in your hands. Like I said, my kind of guy. One time at work he got drunk and got to talking to me, started telling me how long he's been single, how much he misses being hugged. I slapped him. I mean, someone had to man him up. He started crying, but then I touched his arm, and he stopped. He had his eyes on me that whole day. He even walked me home. I felt like a teen again. I didn't kiss him goodnight. Not yet. Too early for that kind of stuff. I have to wait a bit. Lead him on a bit. Wait for him to get to the boiling point.
There were ten rich cars parked outside of the church. We ran behind each one, making our way closer to the open doors. Inside, people wore everyday clothes, all standing up with their hands in the air, chanting something in Latin, I think. Or it might've been French. I don't know. Some dead language. The stench of wet dogs surrounded us, and we coughed into our arms. The people in the church started grumbling, moving here and there. Someone was screaming – it was a little girl. Some kid. No one I knew.
I told the guys let's move up to get a closer look, but they were freaked out by what they saw next.
A cage was lowered from the ceiling. In it was a big aswang – FAT – the biggest I had ever seen. She was like half elephant. He breasts went down to her knees, and she was stepping on them like she didn't care. After that, the guys ran off. Just VOOT! Gone. They waved me to follow them, but I gave them the finger for wussing out. Others ran out from the church, screaming, disgusted. They jumped in their cars and drove off. One lady puked out the window as she went full speed. Threw up all over Fernando (now that was a laugh). The priest or grandmaster or whatever he was told those remaining that THEY were worthy to see the sacrifice, and that the others were weak and stupid.
The ground shook and a hole opened up. Long black things – black strings – shot out and took hold of the cage. Everyone started hollering. The priest told them to SHUT UP. More black strings flew out from the hole, then the chain holding up the cage broke, and the whole thing went into that hole.
Seconds later, and the cage goes flying out of the hole, like it was tossed out by the Devil herself. The cage crashed through a church window and landed on car. The alarm went off. In the cage was the skeleton of the aswang, and I was glad to see it...glad to see it dead. These things think they can just come into our towns, eat whatever they want, do whatever they want, didn't have jobs, didn't pay rent. It's not fair. 
The priest yelled out to me to stay away from the cage, but I didn't listen. I had to get a closer look. I wanted to spit on its bones.
And I did.
I had a talk with that priest.
I think I might join in on their little club.

So that's Mum's letter. After I read it, I made damn sure I put it back the way I found it – between the right sticky pages. I heard of that church before – all that weird talk about demons and ghosts. But far as I knew, no one went there. They avoided it. Scared of it. How to put this...it was like walking on private property, but be careful, because the landowner was crazy. He'll shoot ya.
And if you're wondering, that was the only strange letter I found. There were others before it, sure, but they involved the usual love crap. After that night, I wasn't able to find any more letters. Maybe she caught on, I don't know. It was right about that time that Mum started going out earlier and coming home later. Was she still getting unusual with those army men? Or maybe it was with curious church folk?
I didn't understand what my mum had gotten herself into. 
Honestly, I still don't.




Fade in...and now I'm 15 years young. I have an old scar on my cheek. When I wake up, I am on the roof again, tied to my old pal Mr. Antenna...and I 'm glad. I don't even remember what bad thing I did to Mum this time, at least bad in her beefy eyes. I think I dropped a pot of boiling chicken feet. In any case, she was PO'd, so up to the roof I went. Good! Up there I was at peace. The alone-time was good – better than being anywhere near Mum. I had time to think. Plot. Scheme. I had time to think of my escape. I was at the end of my rope. I was going to run away and never look back. I'd sleep on the beach, find work at temp agencies, save up, and fly to Yuma. Then what? I didn't know. Maybe I'd be a stunt woman. That sounded fun. Maybe just walk into the Stuntmen & Women building and just sign up for a job.
I'd do anything. I just wanted to get away, understand?
My hands ached. They were wet, and I assumed Mum tied the wire so good that my hands were bleeding. My face hurt. I imagined that it was swollen black and blue. My other cheek was blazing with pain. What happened? I couldn't remember. I imagined hornets living in there, giving me Hell, jabbing me with their stingers, laughing as they worked.
It was a cloudy night. It was a quiet night...and that was strange in and of itself. It was never quiet in the projects, as we discussed earlier. My ears picked up nothing but cool wind – a nice whistle. There were no weepings and no beatings, no fists smashing car windows, no nothing. Just whistling. Odd sensations. Something was definitely in the air that night – an unseen threat that even sent the gangsters to their homes. Maybe it was this ESP (this internal warning system) that the psychic folks are always talking about. Even thugs had'em. Or maybe the cops finally had enough and said, “Now be good little boys and girls, you punks. We have no problem shooting you and tossing your corpses into the Halona Blowhole.”
A sound high above me.
Wak-wak. Wak-wak.
I looked around, and each move felt like a knife digging into my face. What was that sound? Maybe it was a bird? 
Wak-wak. Wak-wak.
It was getting softer. Whatever it was seemed to have been flying away from me. Little did I know that it was a trick.
There was a sudden WHOOSH and my hair flew back and my eyes squinted. The woman was ON me. I was too confused to scream. I kept making “Ugh-ugh!” sounds. She was pulling on me, trying to get me off the antenna. My hands felt like they were going to be ripped out. I begged for her to stop, yelling, screaming. Bedroom lights all around blinked on. People cursed at me to be quiet. My mum yelled at me from her room to shut up, or else. 
The monster got close to my face and sniffed my mouth. The thing was like a cross between a pit bull and an old woman and a horse's ass, covered in mud.
Mum shrieked.
She was on the roof, on the ladder, frozen, screaming over and over again: 
“Aswang! Awsang!”
The neighbors yelled back, threatening to call the police. My mum slid down the ladder and was gone....

When I woke up, I was in a room that smelt like run-over cat. As a kid, you see one sometimes on the grass on your way from school. A dead cat with its eyes all bugged out, looking at you with that stupid, wide mouth, like it's saying, “Can you believe it?” But the smell always stays with me. Death always smells the same, be it cat, dog, and I presumed even girl.
I sat up and threw up warmth all over my stomach. It was without thinking – just blaaarrgghhhh. The acid in the back of my throat was no picnic. It was like wasabi that stung my brain. Super vomit.   
I was cold and shivering. It was pitch black. For a second I thought I had my eyes closed, and my wrists hurt big time. I stood up and scanned the walls with my hands. I couldn't stop shaking. Maybe I was in shock. My heart exploded in my chest. The wall was made of mud that ran through my fingers. I was determined to get out – confident that I would. Bad things didn't happen to good people. This was a mistake. Someone messed up. Home to my bed; home to my warm bed. I didn't care that bugs fell on my hands and head and crawled down the back of my shirt. 
Out. Gotta get out.
I imagined myself running through a nighttime field, running home. Home to Kalihi. Home to stupid Mumma. Yayyyyyy. Whatever. I didn't CARE. Then I thought of going over to my friend's house – to her mum. Sherry. The idea powered me even more. I would run to her. I would run home.
Something was wrong with the “mud” on the walls...and another scent crept up into my nose.
Rusty pennies.
I had my eyes wide open, as if somehow that would help me see through the dark. I slipped on something like a dumbbell and hit the hardwood floor. A heavy echo followed like  thunder. I was still. If someone heard that, I was screwed. Panic set in. I jumped up and ran around, fanning my hands like they were on fire – thinking, thinking. My steps sounded like tiny sonic booms. Be quiet. I had to be still. There had to be a way out. 
A way in was a way out. 
The gears in my head turned. Was something supposed to happen? I didn't even know what I was waiting for. Then I lost it. A small sense of doubt crept into my mind, that I would die, and I saw an image of me naked with worms in my life-giving bits. And I wept. I begged to God to save me (I mumbled it, so maybe he didn't hear me so good). Why me? I was a little girl. A teenager, yes, but still...why was he doing this to ME? Wasn't I nice enough? Charitable enough? Was this all some sort of sick test? I held my sobs in my throat, wanting to vomit that lump out.
Don't be stupid. Think like an adult – like an adult! What would an adult do? What would Jesus do?
That realization was a zinger through my heart – that I wasn't Jesus. I wasn't worth saving. I was just some girl in a bad spot. A bad girl that thought of ways to kill her mother. BAD LUCK. KARMA. Mum believed in those things, along with evil eyes, black cats, not sleeping after showers, hats causing baldness, pissing under trees, etc., etc., etc. 
I turned my sniffling into little growls, trying to “man myself up”, as the alpha males always said, and tiptoed around with my hands out, expecting to touch a ladder, a doorknob, a crawlspace, anything.
This is all because you hate your mum so much. You don't respect her. Don't you know, girl? You broke one of the Ten Commandments! That's bad juju. Tsk, tsk, tsk. Sorry. Can't be helped. This is all your fault, and now you are in Hell.
Shut up.
This is Hell! 
What?
HELLLLLLLLLLLLLL!
Tinkling sounds filled my ears...something like little bells were all around (and up above) me. A thousand little bells. Flies buzzed across my face. I waved them away. 
And then I remembered the smell. You'd think God would spare me a little mercy by forgetting the smell, but nooooo. The aroma of rotting meat hit me a hundred times over. My mind backpedaled; my stomach did cartwheels; my back felt like my front. I thought of Mandy's mum, Sherry, holding me, soothing me, laughing with me, smiling at me, never hurting me. I gripped the sides of my face and shut my eyes and shook my head. 
Someone was running. The door opened and hit the wall so hard it sounded like a gunshot. I yelped and spun around. Hands grabbed my waist and hauled me out of the room.
I was dragged up a staircase dripping mud. A hatch opened; my eyes burned from a sudden burst of light. The house flew by in snapshots: Oil painted portraits of people from old days, rattan furniture, flowers in pots with ribbons tied around stems, a couch covered in clear plastic, large statues of animals just standing around, a VHS collection of Bruce Lee and Jean-Claude Van Damme movies, and little Jesus figurines...so many religious figurines. This was a Filipino’s home. It was a small home...very cramped. This wasn't a house; this was a trailer home. I never saw such a thing before: a trailer home in Oahu, let alone a Filipino trailer home. It even had that Filipino smell that old people on the bus reeked of – that jungle-oil that my mum rubbed on me to “cure” my headaches and/or stomachaches. She once dumped that stink on my head to cure me of my thinness (because Mum believed her enemy put a curse on me to get back at her; splendid).

I was in the dining room, seated in front of a table. Other kids sat too, all younger, all looking at me. No one dared to cry. The woman took her sweat-covered palm off my mouth.
The Filipino Granny put her hands on her hips. Her voice shook with age.
“Now I don't wanna hear any damn crying, right?”
I nodded. She was repulsive. Now I'm no looker myself, but when I tell you she was ugly, I mean she was ug-LEE. Just, Ahhhhhh! Her face drooped – looked like it was melting off her cheeks like cheese on a sandwich. Her hair was long, white as toiler paper, but one side was longer than the other. Cockroaches ran through her hair, hiding behind her ears. I backed away in my seat, my chin digging into my chest. I imagined centipedes in her panties. I'm sorry. It just popped in. Just couldn't help it.
What was she, a hundred?
How long had she been living? WHAT kept her alive? Maybe she just looked old. Maybe she smoked too many cigarettes. I always heard that stuff did horrors to your skin. Looking at her made my eyes want to throw up. And that smell...that jungle-medicine smell collapsed my nose. Yet, I was impressed when she walked away: her posture was excellent. She moved like a classy dame. Her yellow dress – which I assumed was once white – moved with a kind of stiffness that suggested it hadn't been washed in a while. The other kids followed her butt, shooting invisible daggers from their eyes. She spun around and gazed at them right back, tilting her head back and making her eyes wide as can be. The kids straightened their backs and looked forward. I was reminded of the military. These kids were not new. They were dirty. How long had they been here? Their hands were on the table like good little boys and girls. Some kids shook...trying to fight the urge to run off, no doubt. Even thinking of such a thing was risky.
By the looks of it, the oldest kid there was me.
Another detail: I was the only thin one. All the others were...how you say...well-fed. All right, all right, FAT. They were like little beach balls with arms. No offense.
Everyone had these covered silver bowls in front of them that reminded me of UFOs. I had one in front of me, too. Granny said to them all, “Good. I like that you listen. I like that you know just by my stare.” Then to me, “Soon...you, too, will learn.”
I nodded again, a knot in my stomach signaling that it just might be time to use the lady's room. 
Not now! Who knows what'll happen? I can't just raise my hand and ask to be excused. Breathe, just breathe.
Granny sat at the end of the table and clapped her hands once. Everyone hopped in their seats and gasped a little. One white boy, maybe around age 10, took a quick look at me, his eyes all glossy.
Help me, those eyes begged. Dear, Jesus...help us all.
Granny said something in mad-Filipino that sounded like gibberish to me, and said, “Now eat!” 
The kids lifted the silver covers off their meals – all at the same time – and dug in. I took off the the cover, the heat burning my fingertips, and a cloud of steam swallowed my face. I coughed, waving away the cloud, and I looked at my plate.
Rice. Spam. Broccoli. Chicken. Teriyaki.
It was a bento – a variety meal of Hawaii's most beloved foods. I grew up on all of it, but I wasn't hungry. Not NOW. I looked around. Everyone ate like there was no tomorrow. Some cried as they ate. The old woman didn't eat. She had one elbow on the table, her chin resting in her palm, her other hand on her hip with the elbow out. Thinking. Looking at me. Waiting to see what I would do next. 
I couldn't take my eyes off her. What to do? What COULD I do? I had to eat. That was what she wanted. Something in me was saying, Look, she wants you to eat, so eat. She's running the show here.
I forked some rice and brought it to my mouth. It hovered there. Granny raised an eyebrow.
Poison. What if it's...
Does it matter? Just eat before she gets all crazy on you!
I ate the rice, and it was...good.
Granny smiled.
“Great. Just grrreat,” she said. “I spent all day cooking that stuff for you kids. Eat until your plates are cleaned. Lick those plates. If you want more – and I hope you do – please feel free to ask! But seriously, lick those plates. I like to watch.”
One kid did ask, raising her hand and pointing down at her empty plate. This fat Chinese girl was strange. She didn't cry, she gave no evidence of fear. She just ate and ate while Granny's grin grew and grew.
It got to a point where it was so big, the old woman burst out laughing, sounding like a stuck pig, and jumped on the table and crawled toward the girl with such speed. She was like a Ring-tailed Lemur! She took the child by the shoulders and tossed her on the table. The poor child tried to roll away, but it was no good. The old woman grabbed her foot, flung away her shoe, and put her mouth on the kid's foot. It was a horrific sight. The other kids just ate...eyes forward. 
Was this normal?
I wanted to run – just up and skedaddle. But where to? Where was the front door? And this so-called old woman was fast. Goddamn speedy. My mind said run, but my body said “stay put, stupid”. The girl reached out for me; I couldn't move. Granny bit her foot off with a sick snap. Blood sprayed across my face. The foot in Granny's mouth...the toes...they wiggled. Granny titled her head back  like a bird, eyes rolling back white, and swallowed. I could see the shape of the foot slide down that wrinkled throat. The girl didn't cry. She just looked at me. Shocked. Maybe she was in so much shock she didn't feel the pain?
Instead, she passed out, her head thumping on the table. The forks and spoons jumped and rang. Granny rubbed her belly, going “Mmm-mmm-mmm!” over and over. She went on her back and moved around like a snake. She was really enjoying this. This bitch witch was having an outright ball!
Anger. It was now or never.
I gripped my fork. If I was going to die, I might as well go guns F'ing blazing. I was going to stab her face out. That was the idea, but no – AGAIN, my body didn't move. It refused to do anything other than stay put and watch like a good little victim. It was my mum's genes, I knew it. That scared part of me came from her. I couldn't change it. Impossible. Impossible. I couldn't do it.
Granny was on the table like a cat, back arched, as if trying to impress me somehow; but she wasn't looking at me – thank Goodness. Her stare was fixed on her meal: The kid that was now missing a foot. She picked up her “meal” and threw the girl over her shoulder. She walked to the fireplace. I didn't even know trailer homes had chimneys. Well, that's because they don't. Granny made this one – handcrafted the thing with tinfoil, by the looks of it. Granny stuffed the kids body into an overused pot. She lit a match and a mad fire roared to life. Now the kids all cried and whined. They were mumbling and looking at each other. Granny picked up the pot cover with difficulty, slamming it over the pot, its dull ring flying throughout the home, bouncing off the walls. Granny leaned against the fireplace and said under her breath, “I can't take the crying.”
She turned her attention toward me, smiled like a pervert and flicked her chin up, as if saying How you do'un?
I threw my fork at her and ran off. The kid next to me stuck her leg out, sending me sailing through the air with my arms flapping. I landed with an OOMPH and rolled across that carpet (that smelt like feet) and rammed into a little basket of umbrellas. The whole thing tipped over. One of the umbrellas fell into my hands. I gripped the dragon-with-its-mouth-open handle and jumped up on the ready, holding the umbrella out like a sword.
“Back, lady! Stay away or I'll take your eyes out!”
The old woman looked downright amused. I could read her face: This wee one has moxy, she was thinking. She made her hands into claws and she growled and ran toward me. I jabbed the air and forced the umbrella into her mouth. It opened with a SHWUMP! and I let go. Granny stumbled back and went left then right, trying to take the thing out while making “Oomph-oomph” sounds. She ran into things, knocking over tables of those precious, large eggs old people like so much. I looked around for the front door. Escape! It was near! Soon I'd be running through that field, my arms wide open, and I'd be laughing like an insane person high on freedom. Here I come, Mum! My NEW mum! I'm coming for you! I'm coming home! 
The huge, wooden door had a hundred metal locks, all attached to thick, rusty chains that crisscrossed the door. In front of all those little locks was one HUGE lock that seemed to need a giant key. All the strength went out from my legs and I fell to my knees. I punched that stank carpet, crying out “WHY WHY WHY?!” I noticed a window and thought about getting a good running start and blasting off and jumping into the air, crashing right through it to freedom.
A hot breath on the back of my neck made me turn around. Granny punched me in the stomach, and I went down huffing and puffing. 
“Downstairs you go!” she spat, some drops getting in my hair, in my mouth. “You go with the special ones. Stupid American. You think you're better than me?” 
It was my first time being slugged in the gut. I felt like puking. My brain jumped all around, and it was true, yes, you really do see stars. I had my hands over my face. I looked up at her from between my fingers, expecting her to kick me in the nose or maybe even yank my scalp off and eat it. Would I be surprised?
She scooped me up by the wrists, which were still thumping with pain from that scare on the roof, and tossed me over her shoulder.
“Stupid American girl, trying to be all tough and shit,” she said with her teeth clenched. Her grip on me tightened with each step down those stairs. The thought of being in that death room again made me puke. The rice I ate came up and flew out of my mouth and ran down her back. She didn't care. “Dessert,” she said.
I went kicking and screaming at first; then I stopped. There was no point. She was elderly, but it would've taken an army of me's to take her down. If only I wasn't so short for my age...so damn thin....
I'd make a deal with the wench. I'd work for her by mowing her lawn. I'd clean her precious, stupid, giant geese/ostrich/dinosaur eggs. I'd shampoo her hair. I'd cook “meats” all day for her. Anything. I'd do anything...even (gasp) rub her feet with exotic oils. Just don't put me back in that room.
Strung out on 100 percent panic, all I managed to say was “Aaarrgh!” and “Brawahah!” and “Ohohohohaghh!” It was emphasized with crying. I sounded like a stepped-on cat. My mind just screamed. Next thing I knew, I was thrown into that same bloody room I woke up in. Under the ground. And the hag really did just throw me in there like trash. I rolled to the center of the room, all covered in bad stuff. My main concern then was if anything nasty went into my mouth. The door closed and all was ebony again. I was beyond crying. Too tired. Too lazy. Too beaten up.
Something sighed at the back of the room. 
My body stiffened.
Now what?


TWO

It's early in the year. I'm in the living room, watching the news. The newswoman looks up from her papers and throws me a serious look. She says, “...A hundred kids have vanished over the course of a year. Police are doing all that they can.”
My mum hears this and says from the kitchen, “Bad things happen to bad kids that don't listen.” Then she says, “The aswang got them. She's probably eating them now, licking the meat off their bones with her cat-like tongue.” 
On the news now are the families. Kids missing. Parents cry, and I feel bad for them. Kids...they're just kids. Jesus H. Christ, why the kids? I hope they catch the kidnapper – catch him or her or both and tie their legs to horses and slap those horses on the ass so they'd run off and split these kidnappers right down the middle.
My mum hears the news blasting from the TV and says more awful things about those missing kids. I am disgusted. Somewhere down there (somewhere deep, deep down) I really do like her. I am in like with my mum. Not love, but like...and wasn't that good enough? 

“There's meat in my mouth,” the girl said, “and it's not mine.” I was blind again, feeling the walls with my hands. This girl...she begged me to help pick the stuff out from between her teeth. I half heard this. The other part of me was still very much trying to understand what in the Sam Hell was going on in my life. Other kids my age were in school, but ME...? I thought back to the time I first heard of the missing kids (I guess these were the ones), how I thought bad things about my own damn mother, how I made fun of her ways. I shook my head. She was right. This whole time, she was right about everything....
I walked about the room, my feet slipping and sliding on liquid.
The girl sighed.
“We're all gonna die down here.”
I stuck my arms out and searched for her.
“I have to get out of here!”
The girl...it sounded like she was eating. Her lips smacked.
“There's no way out. Correction. There IS a way out, but it's no use. Many have tried; many have died. Ha!”
I was trapped in the dark with a crazy person. Yes, better to keep the light off. I turned around – Forget her, she's lost – and made my way toward what I hoped was the door.
“And what is this way out you're talking about?”
“Why, it's right above that pot. I'm sure you saw it.”
“You want me to climb up the chiminey?”
“I think you mean chimney.” She sucked on something. “And I don't want you to do that. I want you to stay here with me. Keep me company.”
My fingers touched something that felt like a nose. I squealed and threw it over my head. The girl in the dark said “Thanks” and then I heard a wet sound, something like teeth sinking into taffy. 
I had to keep her talking. The silence between us scared me. My ESP told me that this person just might run up and do something weird. I asked of her age. “15,” she said. I said that I was the same age. She asked what schools I went to, and I asked the same, and it went on like this for quite some time. The idea was, as long as I could hear her I'd know that she was far, far back in the room.
I'm not a great conversationalist, so the questions came slow. To make it easier (and to keep her rambling) I asked her life story, and she gave it. 
Her name was Volgerton Lami'ann State. It was Spanish. Her friends called her Vol, and she encouraged me to do the same. I agreed that I would to keep her happy. My foot kicked something heavy and wet. The whole front of my shoe went into the thing. It was cold. I kicked it aside and explored on, also encouraging this Vol to proceed with her life story. My plan was working. I was getting less afraid. Vol said she was thinking, then went on with it.... 
She was raised in Hawaii Kai where all the rich people lived. It seemed to me that the more money you had, the farther away you wanna be from us normal folk...from all the noise. I have to hand it to rich people. They can buy all the peace and quiet they want. I envy that. 
Vol hated it there in Hawaii Kai, said it was too dry...too dead. So one day she gets the balls to ride her bike down a few new roads. She wanted to get away from home for a few minutes to find a little excitement. Problem was, minutes turned into hours. Poor Vol was lost. The next couple hours were fuzzy, but she remembers being snatched up and flying through the night, still holding onto her bike. The aswang hit some turbulence. Vol let go, and the bike fell on a Mercedes, setting loose the car horn.
The aswang landed on a roof of some rich 3-story house and told Vol to keep her mouth shut while she got a little snack. Vol stared at the monster's torso. No legs, remember? The thing just crawled around the roof with its elbows up, sniffing the roof, nose going up and down. Then the aswang stuck its tongue through a crack. It looked like a red straw. After minutes of slurping, the aswang's belly got real big and fat-like. She looked pregnant. A woman down in the house screamed. Terrible screams, Vol said – they were full-on murder-screams. The aswang seemed to panic and started to crawl around, thinking, thinking. 
“Time to go!” it said, and scooped Vol up. They struggled.
The woman downstairs, now fetus-less, shrieked at someone to call the police. Vol yelled back:
“Help, lady! I'm here! On the roof!”
The aswang said something nasty in Filipino, and they were off again in the chilled air.
Next memory, she's in this room of meat, bones, junk. She calls the old woman “The aswang”, and I feel a shiver run up my legs each time I hear it. I say nothing; she talks some more. Vol tried to fight off the witch, was even able to hit her upside the head with a sock full of pennies she collected from off the ground. She lost – was no match for Granny's supernatural muscle – and was sent to stay in the meat room until...well...who knows? 
After much searching, and much tossing of strange, soft, clay-like items over my head, I felt...a doorknob. 
Huzzah!
My hands slid all over it. Water, I just kept thinking. Only water. Only water.
I gave it one last tug and fell back onto that sick floor. I realized then that the smell wasn't bothering me – that aroma of rotted meat. I was getting used to this...and that disgusted me. For a second I felt like a monster. If I ended up craving flesh, that was it. Only suicide would save my demonic soul.
I wiped the mud off the keyhole and took a peek. I saw a candle on the other side. The whole underground place was built by no craft master. It was weak. Time was eating the place out, rotting it out.
I gripped the doorknob, putting my foot up against the wall, pulling and pulling, muscles flexing, teeth grinding. It creaked. I let go and took a deep breath. I was too weak. If ONLY I were bigger, stronger. If only, if only.... Don't cry, don't cry. Think, just think. I looked to the back of the room.
“Hey...Vol?”
The girl grunted, mouth full.
“Yeah?”
“I could use some help.”
“Kinda busy here.”
“I just need you to help me open this door.”
“Is that what you're doing? I thought you were pushing out shit.”
“I can get us out of here. We have to work together.”
Vol laughed.
“Such a hero. Stupid girl, you really do wanna die.” More sucking sounds...a swallow...then, “She'll be on us like white on rice, you dig?”
I shrugged.
“Fine. Stay here in the dark. I'm at least gonna try.”
There was a pause.
What was happening?
What was Vol doing?
She brushed up against my arm.
“I'm holding the doorknob, so don't freak out,” she said. “Now what, Einstein?”
“I prefer Bohr, but anyway....” We both had our hands on the knob – mine over hers. I tried not to smell Vol. She reminded me of the first (and last) time I baked chicken. Long story short, our cats got a whiff and puked so much milk. Mum was not amused when she got home. 
Vol had one of those whistling noses.
“I hope this works,” she said.
I tried to find my footing in all that crap on the ground. “Once we open this door, we hightail through the place and jump out that window I saw.”
“No good,” Vol said.
“What?”
“You didn't see behind the curtain. The thing's boarded up. Try and jump through that and you'll crack your neck something awful.”
“Well, what the hell then?”
Vol sighed. “We fly straight up 'dem stairs and jump up that chimney.”
“I ain't climbing up some stank-ass chimney. Kid-grime is all over the inside of that thing.”
On the other side, a door opened...feet walked down broken stairs. I panicked.
“Shit! She's coming back.”
Vol was calm.
“Shh,” she said. “I have a brilliant idea.”
Before I could say anything, the door opened, and Granny stuck her big head into the room.
“You gals ready to eat more stuff? I made balut.”
Vol screamed out, “Hit her!” and I did. Punched my thumbs right into her skull until her eyes were pushed back into her brain. Vol kicked her in the baby-maker. We ran out into the candlelight. Vol, a dark-skinned Filipino girl painted in blood from baseball cap to tennis shoes, grabbed my hand and yanked me toward the stairs. She was short but so much stronger.
“Let's go!” she said. “Hurry UP!”
There was a hole at the top of the stairs, into the trailer home. I could already smell that Filipino snake-oil.
Granny grabbed my foot.
“Kids! Kids!” she was saying. “I will eat you out!”
Vol starts kicking her in the face. Granny takes HER foot and pulls real good. They both go tumbling down the stairs, rolling smack into a wall. I ran up the stairs. Vol screamed. Granny had her mitts all over Vol, pinning her against the wall, strangling her. Vol stared at me, trying to gurgle out words. Granny put her mouth on Vol's face. Her mouth unhinged like she was a shark and covered half of Vol's head. The witch was eager. She sounded like a hyena. Vol looked perplexed. 
I climbed through the hole. I had to find a weapon – anything sharp – and get back down there.
The trailer was full of kids. They were hiding (or more like living) under tables, in the closet, on the floor, some were even under the carpet. They were all fatter. They all had this strange look in their eyes, like they just gave up all hope. They ran from me like I was the damn monster.
No time for this crap.
Vol was screaming down those stairs. I ran to the table and looked for a knife.
Nothing. 
Not even a fork.
Where did she hide the utensils?
“Knife!” I said to a kid that was sleeping on the couch. “Knifffffe!?”
The little princess woke up from her slumber, turned to gaze up at me, then went back to sleep. 
I looked around.
That chair! I could use throw it in the aswang's face! No, wait – even better. That plate! I can shatter it and dig her guts out! Yes! Brilliant! I'll just take that plate, and...
Vol screaming again sent my body running for the chimney. I wasn't thinking any more. My body took full control over reason.
BRAIN: Coward! You're just going to let her die?!
BODY: I have to get out of here! 
BRAIN: Stop right now! Turn around and help her!
I squeezed my body into the chimney and inched my way up. It smelt like SPAM. I saw sunlight above me. It empowered me. I climbed faster. Confident. This was it. The homestretch.
“BLAHHHHHHHH!” screeched a voice. It was like an old gate.
I looked down.
Granny was staring up at me. She looked scared. I forced my limbs to work through the burning in my muscles. Granny tried to get in there and make her way up, but she was to thick. I climbed out of the chimney with my eyes closed. The sunlight hit my eyes like lasers. After a bit of rubbing, I could see again. 
I was in the middle of a forest. Mountains were in the distance. I could hear Granny opening those locks. I grabbed the cable wire and scaled the home like those police guys on TV. The thing snapped in two, and I hit the ground like a stuck pig, complete with squealing. I was excited. Ignore the pain. I got up and forgot the sting in my shoulder and vamoosed the heck out of there. The front door opened.
“Hero!” the witch yelled. “Come back! Please?!”
I ran faster.
Granny cried out in pain, and then I heard another voice.
“Keep running!”
It was Vol. 
I caught a glimpse of Granny on the grass, moving around in pain with her hand on her back. 
“My back!” she complained. “My back! You little stink! My baaaack!”
Vol was looking at me and pointing into the woods, jabbing her finger into the woods. Run, run, run! I did. The second time I looked behind me, Vol was on Granny's back, covering her eyes as Granny spun around and around, reaching behind her, trying to swat Vol off. I ran some more and then looked behind me again. Granny was on top of Vol, had Vol pinned to the ground, her mouth on Vol's neck, sucking on her, blood shooting out like red strings. The witch picked up Vol's body and ran back into the house. The door slammed shut.
I made my way through those woods with that horrific image of Granny taking a big bite out of Vol's neck replaying in my mind. Vol was dead. Could I have saved her?
Should I go back and this time really be a hero?
I tripped and rolled down a hill.


I looked up at the sun. My face burned. I was in a stream, and water rushed into my ears. I sat up, choking and spewing. 
Good thing I didn't land on my face. How long was I out? Fear hit me. How CLOSE was the witch? She was looking for me – I 
knew it!
Run, run, run.
I stood up and fell back down. My body wasn't listening again. My knees complained. I tried again. Each step felt like I was setting off little firebombs in my knees. I looked up the hill. No way was I going up it, not with these knees, so I decided to just walk along the stream. After an hour of that, I had to rest my legs. Hungry, I entertained the idea of trying to catch a fish. Maybe I'd eat it raw, I was so hungry. No. I had to keep moving. I had all the time to eat once I was home. The old aswang was looking for me...and she was pissed off and determined, for sure. Walking along the stream was not the best way to hide from her, so I bit the bullet and chose to go up that hill.
It looked more like a wall.
I grabbed weeds and bushes and hugged trees, pulling myself up. I sat on the mud and took a little breather, looking over to the mountain across from me, across the river. She was in those trees, that old witch. I could smell her, or maybe I was smelling myself? Then the idea to bath in the stream came, to wash away any foul odors so she couldn't smell me. I cursed the thought out. Too late for that now. I'd have enough time to wash away my stink when I got home.
IF I got home.
The suspicion made me want to cry all over again, but I fought the urge. I had to be as quiet as possible. What time was it? I looked up at the sun. I guessed...three o’clock? I had no idea. Who was I? Crocodile friggin' Dundee? I had to hurry into the woods. I had to hide before it got dark. Maybe I'd make a little house of sticks. How hard could it be? If those fools in Survivor could do it, so could I. And I'm talking about the TV show, not the band.
So I's tried to make a stick house, and it's impossible. Frakking impossible. Nothing worked. I needed strings or glue or I don't know what. I certainly couldn't waste time and dick around with a stick house. If it came down to it, I'd just sleep and hide under a stack of leaves and mud. Anything was better than freezing and getting the gangrene and losing my toes.
What happened to Vol?
Was she alive?
Vol saved me. She bought me time to get away. She must've jumpkicked Granny right on the back. Vol sacrificed her life for me – FOR ME. How could someone do that? It was suicide. How does someone do that for another? And all I did was run, just like she ordered. I figured the was the best way to honor her now was to stay alive, or it was all for nothing. Ignore this paralyzing guilt. Just stay alive. Keep moving. Keep cliiiiimbing.
My knees were at an all-time burn.
I tripped on a rock and slid down the hill, screaming. I saw myself hitting that stream, my neck turned all the way around with my eyes all shocked at how bad a climber I was. But that didn't happen. Luckily, a tree hit me right between the legs. I was saved. Sore, but saved.
Almost to the top. The first thing I thought of doing, once up there, was killing a rat or something and eating it. No, not a rat. I wasn't starving that much. Maybe a squirrel. They looked cuter. Cleaner. I'd hit it with a rock, and there would be no guilt. It was just the way of the world, the circle of life. What was the alternative? Death? So the squirrel lives but I, a being of higher consciousness, die?
Pfft. I don't think so.
Wait. Did we even have squirrels in Hawaii?
I was losing it. 
I had to keep my mind straight. 
The hunger made my head dizzy, weak. I climbed. How was I even moving? Maybe aliens were controlling me, or at least shooting me with a kind of power beam. Of course! Yes! That had to be the answer. Thank you, aliens...you humanoids...you Andromedans...thank you! I know you're in the Bible. I know you helped make the great pyramids. You care about me. Thank you!
The sun bit into my face. No skin cancer, please. I could hear my face sizzling. I scooped a handful of mud and smeared it all over my skin – arms, neck, face. Should I eat the stuff, too? I was so thirsty. That stream. Damn. I should have drank something – filter the salt through my shirt. That works, right? Sounds like it might. Maybe I could do that with the mud, and it worked! Sure, they were little drops, but they helped. No time. I had no time. I was shaking all over. 
So close to the top then. Food splattered into my mind like shit hitting a fan. All the time, just food, drink, food, ice cream, soda, cakes, rice, rice, rice, SPAM.
Then my ears played tricks on me. I heard electricity snapping. 
I stopped, and my heart beats were in my throat.
A thing was moving at the top of the hill, behind the trees...searching and stepping on branches. I was found out! I hit the dirt. She was going to splash her big mouth on my head and take my scalp off. My face would be in her pot, looking all sad. I wished her away. I prayed to the aliens for help. All I had to do was hold my breath and stay put. I'd just stay there all quiet-like.
Then I heard a second person, and that made my eyebrow raise.
“She'll come through here, I know it,” said the woman.
“Yes, ma’am,” said some guy.
“Where are the others?” the same woman said.
“I did just like you asked and sent them all throughout this area.”
Hands were on me.
I screamed as someone scooped me up. I was under the arm of a beefy man that stank cologne.
“Lookie what I found!” he said. “Can I keep it?”
I was horrified. “No!” I said. “Put me down! She'll get you! Let me go!” Again, I felt like I was just wasting time. I had to keep moving. No one could protect me. Only Mandy's mum mattered. Only her arms around me would keep me safe. I had to get out of there. I beat my hands on his back.
The man grunted.
“No hitting!” And he put me down.
I looked around at five people all dressed in black leather and utility belts, all carrying guns. Weirdos! I was surrounded by Gothic-wannabe freaks. Nowhere to run. The beefy man looked past me.
“I always wanted a kid,” he said. “Would prefer a boy. Meh,” he shrugged. “Can I keep her, boss?”
“No,” that woman said. She walked through the gang, and it was my asshole mum. She didn't seem at all surprised to see me. 
Nothing. Except, well...she looked a tad irritated. She had two pistols, one at each hip. They looked like pirate guns. 
Mum had a big ole cigar between her teeth. Her clothes were not what I call normal for her. She reminded me of a gogo dancer at a club for lonely businessmen. Something was very gross about her. I mean, more than usual.
Mumma clapped her hands.
“Ladies and germs...my daughter,” she said.
Everyone whispered. The beefy man says, “Ohhh, so this is the one that got you in so much trouble.”
I backed up.
“I can't stay here. Pleasure meeting you all,” I said. “And Mum...I'll see you at home.”
“Girl, don't you walk away from me.” She said it with such sass.
I kept walking backwards. “Sorry. I have to go.”
Mum looked to her army.
“See what I have to put up with?”
Mum's men stood in my way. She walked towards me.
“How did you escape Thedral?”
“Who?”
“The aswang that took you.”
“The old lady? Granny? We tried to make our escape, and...”
“There's more of you?”
“Yes, there are more of us. She has all these kids, all locked up. Had me in some dark meat room with this other girl. She saved my life.”
Beefy-man raised his hand.
“The aswang saved you??”
I looked at him weird.
“NO. My friend saved me. Vol saved me. And now she's dead with the other kids.”
Mum's eyes widened.
“Where are these kids? These little cash cows?”
“They're all at Granny's trailer home.”
“Granny?”
“Thedral,” I said.
Mum walked up and put her hand on my shoulder.
“Take us there.”
“NO! I'm not going BACK!”
I tried to break free. Her hand turned into a vice. I cried out, “I'm not going back!”
Mum shook me.
“Take me to her! I'll kill her! Take me! You listen to your mother, or I'll shake the shit out of you!”
The others looked away, embarrassed.
I pointed back the way I came. 
She tossed me to the side, then paced around with her hand to her chin. I cried, yeah, but it was because I landed on a rock, right on my ass. I wanted her to go to the monster. Let her see for herself. Let her die. What did I care then? Mum. 
It was just a word. She was dead to me.
Beefy-man walked up to Mum.
“So this turns into a rescue mission?”
Mum stopped walking back and forth.
“No,” she said. “They didn't pay us extra for that.”
She ordered them all to move out. One of her crew – a woman wearing shades – pulled on a rope, and three old women (looking like they were in their 80's) came out of the woods, all nude, all tied around the neck. Prisoners, I guessed. 
Aswangs. Beefy-man took my hand, and we were off, back down that hill, toward the stream. There was no point in struggling. This was it. I was being dragged along, and there was nothing I could do about it.


About halfway down the hill, one of the old women starts hollering and bitching, screaming about how we are all going to die. She laughed the whole time. She's saying this all in Filipino. Mum translated for everyone.
“Yes, yes, be warned, fools...” Mum said, not caring, picking her nails. “Powerful evil. BIG evil here. You all will die. 
You all will see our true power. Big, FAT evil. So strong. Hahahaha.”
Everyone laughed and turned around, continuing their journey. The old woman went nuts and tried to eat her way through the rope like a rat. People were startled by all the ruckas and stopped to get their footing. Some people slid down some, holding onto branches and whatnot, hyperventilating and thanking Jesus.
The beefy man marched up to her and commanded her to stop her bellyaching, because she was giving him a headache. He pulled on the hag's yellow hair as he told her what he wanted, and the old crone jumped up and bit into his nose, pulling it off with a POP! He slapped his hands over his holes to stop the gushing blood. All the aswangs made excited sounds and had their mouths wide open, tongues all wiggling, all trying to drink his mess. They jumped up and down with their sagging breasts dancing about to-and-fro. I was disgusted. Beefy-man wobbled away like a drunkard and squatted behind a bush, balling his eyes and nostrils out. Mum walked up to the aswang and made to blow the hag's brains out with her pirate gun. 
The girl with the shades hit the gun up. It fired off, the BOOM echoing over the mountains. A bird above us squawked dead, falling out from a tree and landing right into the last aswang's mouth – who just swallows it whole in a satisfying gulp. 
I expected her to give me a thumbs up. The nose-biting witch stood there shocked, eyes wide, waiting and sorry. She messed up. Now what?
Mum turned to the girl with the shades, sticking her pirate gun under her chin.
“You dare!?”
The girl held her hands up in surrender.
“Look, man...each aswang you kill costs us $100,000,” she said. “And you've already killed five.” She gulped and said, with respect, “...Boss.”
Mum thinks, nods, then goes, “Hmm, right, right, silly me.” But she sounds a tad unsure.
Mum put her gun away and turned right-quick around, slapping that nose-eating aswang straight across the face. Everyone winces. The witch fell back, and all the other witches she was tied to went down like dominoes. The last aswang hit the ground hard and puked up her half-digested meal. The bird, all steaming and featherless, tried to crawl for freedom, but it ended up just sitting there after awhile, just sitting there on its butt like a human would, too dead to do anything...just gave up hope. It sighed, and the sight of that bird was a hurtful thing for me. 
I wanted to pick it up and nurture it – keep it away from these loons. But I was pushed onward. We were off again, and I walked with my brain pointed in the opposite direction.


At the stream, Mum and her men caught fish and stripped them, cooking the meat with pocket blowtorches. We all ate – and even the aswangs had some fish. Right, I figured; no way would they let the monsters die, not with all that money to be had. We had bottles of water, but we still had to be careful. Mum told us to take little sips now and then. They nodded. 
These tough guys were all afraid of her. No one argued. Her demands (that's what they sounded like, demands) were always met with nods. A nod here, a nod there, a nod everywhere. People moved fast, moved like people that really believed they were going to be rich. I got another strange feeling, that these same people would have no problem killing her, and maybe everyone else, to go home with more mullah. For sure, I had to get away from those people. I was not (NOT) in the same field of vibration. I was repelled by them. I could smell the greed everywhere. These people wanted big houses and even bigger cars. I saw one of Mum's men sitting by the stream, on a big ol' rock, his eyes closed with a big smile on his face, hands up, moving them around like he was driving a car. Awkward. All very awkward.
The whole time, Mum didn't look at me, not even once. When she handed me food, it was with her eyes down at her feet. But I kept looking right at her face, winning in my own way. Winning what? I'm not sure; but it felt good. 
I thought about running off the whole time.
I'd do it when the moon was up.


When night came, Mum ordered the guys to build a quick hut. It began to drizzle; nothing too major. The aswangs were kept outside, shaking and weeping, all hugging each other to keep warm. (Damn if I felt a little sorry for them.) Mum's army slept like little lambs. She stayed awake, on the dirt, hands behind her head, looking up, not blinking. She farted once and smiled a little, but that was it, I swear. Her little army snored – snored LOUD, and that was good, because I didn't want to go to sleep. I was planning my escape. I wasn't going to wait for Mum to doze off. The time for action had come. 
I sat up.
“I'm going outside to give a piss,” I said.
Mum said nothing.
Was she even awake? Was she sleeping with her eyes open? I went outside, past a campfire, and walked between the trees, finding one wide enough to hide me while I did my business. I kicked dirt over my mess and walked back to the hut and found the shades-wearing girl walking out from behind her own toilet-tree. She sat by the campfire and shoved a stick through three rats, dangling them over the fire. I sat next to her. She looked nice enough. With some people you just get that calming sense. I reached out to her.
“Can I have some?”
“Sure,” she said, running a stick through a rat and handing it to me.
I hovered the rat over the licking flames, and the rat, which I thought was dead, opened its eyes and cried and wiggled around. It sounded like an old bicycle screeching to a stop. Then its fur exploded in flames, letting loose little sparks, and then it was still. I was so shocked, I almost dropped the thing. I just wanted it to cook fast so I could get that meat in my sore belly. It felt like Granny's punch never left my gut.
Shades girl gave me a bottle of water and reminded me to just take little sips, imagining that each sip fulfilled me. That was key, she kept saying, to imagine it working. 
“Pain, hunger,” she went, “it's all in the mind.”
And it worked! Well, I mean it seemed to work. I handed the bottle back, thanking her, and I studied her face as she sipped. She must've been around 19 or so. Something about her told me she'd been through a lot of crap. She took her shades off, and I saw thick, black lines under her eyes. She hadn't slept in days. I sneezed. The girl didn't move. Her eyes were locked on her cooked rats.
“I hope your soul doesn't escape your body,” she said.
I shot her a strange look.
“What?”
“That's what bless you really means. That's why people came up with it all those years ago.”
She pulled a rat off the stick and blew on it, sniffing it. She poked her tongue at it.
“My name's Janice,” she said.
I shook her hand.
“My name's Sasha. Are you friends with my mum?”
“Not really. I'm just here for money.”
“How did you meet?”
“Church, up in Kaimuki. I went to pray, all by my lonesome, so imagine my surprise when I walked through those huge doors and found the place packed with all these people, all hollering in Filipino and broken English and clapping and cheering. 
Your mum was standing in front all of them, her arms waving in the air. She was screaming about how the aswangs – these witches, these vampires, these monsters – had to die. 'For our children!' she kept hollering. She said it would cost a lot of money to go out and catch the monsters, but the families didn't care. They would pay through the teeth, but they wanted the aswangs alive. There was a disturbing discussion about torture. Your mum was nodding her head. She then asked for even MORE money. 'Whatever you want!' the people screamed back. I heard a couple behind me a'jibbering and a'jabbering about just moving away. Your mum said more things, and these churchgoers all ran off at the mouth; some looked mad, some were crying; some were biting their nails. Your mum asked if anyone was fearless enough to help her hunt the beasts. Most of the people there raised their hands and agreed to hunt with her. Most, I should add, that ended up wussing out, running off later on. Others in the church just looked down, ashamed, too scared – all talk but no guts.”
“Did you raise your hand?”
“No,” Janice said. “At the end of your mum's great speech, she walked the aisle and stopped by me. To my shock, she pointed at me, saying how she felt all this strength in me, how I MUST join her posse. And I agreed. I felt needed for once in my life. I had a purpose; and here was someone I felt safe around – someone I could trust. Before that day, I had no dreams...maybe just a vague sense of direction, that maybe I'd get into accounting.” Janice looked at me. “Your mum's a great lady. She was pissed off. She thought you were dead. She's doing all of this because of you.” 
I just sat there and tore into my cooked rat. Mum cares about me? Haha, it is to laugh. Actions speak louder than words, and it sure didn't SEEM like she missed me or anything. I felt that old rage burning up in my brain. I had to chill. 
Breathe. And besides, I didn't want to start an argument with Janice. She was one of the good ones. The last thing I wanted to do was leave a negative impression.
“Thanks for the rat,” I said.
Janice smiled and ate.
“How is it?”
“Tastes like...chicken,” I said. “BAD chicken. And dirt.”
“Finish up and get some sleep.”
“And you?”
“Naw,” she said. “I have to stay up and watch for trouble.”
“I read that if you don't sleep for 10 days, your body gives up and dies.”
“Jesus Christ. Damn scientists. Well then,” she said, “maybe a little nap wouldn't hurt.”
I looked around.
“You wouldn't have a pillow, would you?”
She smiled.
“I do. It's called my leg,” she said. “Knock yourself out.”
I swallowed the rest of my meal and put my head on her lap. She played the harmonica as I dozed off. 


I dreamed of a man-sized rat chasing after me through the woods, scolding me, telling me I was a bad person. The rat said, “I can't wait until you're dead! I can't wait until I eat YOU!” He laughed and laughed like a crazy person. And then the damn thing started screaming.
I shook and my eyes sprung open.
Janice dangling above me. Her feet danced about and kicked me in the face. I fell back into the dead campfire, ash all over my head, some in my mouth. Three shadows held Janice high up, shaking her. Loose change jingled out from her pockets. 
I jumped up and grabbed her foot. Whatever had her got mad and flung her about. I was flying round and round like a merry-go-round. It was those three aswangs Mum had tied up. Someone had cut them loose!
Mum ran out of the hut and fired off her gun, ending up blasting away chunks of Janice's back. Bad stuff got all over my face. I tried not to inhale. The aswangs threw Janice and me against a tree and flew away into the treetops. A breeze hit me in the face, and it smelled like milk gone bad. Beefy-man and all the other hunters searched the area. They were all trying to hold back tears. Their guns and nets and knives shook in their hands. Mum didn't cry.
I crawled to Janice and held her. I was crying all over her bloodied face. She was dead, staring up at the moon with her mouth all open. It looked like she was screaming on mute. I closed her eyes and mouth.
Mum jumped over the dead campfire.
“What happened! What happened!”
I couldn't speak. I just kept going, “Uhh-uh-uh”, scared that she was going to hit me. Mum went, “Blah!” and waved me away and ran off into the woods. I should also add that while she ran out of that hut earlier, she was buttoning up her shirt. 
Something nasty was going down in there, I knows it.
A flock of aswangs flew down from the treetops; but these weren't the normal sort of aswang. These were kids, and they all screeched all over the place and chased after everyone, terrorizing everyone, taking bites out of everyone. 
I ran into that hut and closed the door (a crude thing made up of twigs and leaves and mud). I heard Mum barking her orders, and I heard the men running here and there, confused and scared. Gunshots went off in the dark like fireworks. I could hear the treetops rustle. The aswangs were all up in them and jumping around. I heard people yelling for help and shrieking all out bloody murder. Mum screamed too, followed by gunfire, followed by demonic little yelps. An aswang was in pain.
“You better run!” Mum said. “You BETTER! I like a little game!”
More gunfire. 
A man – my guess, the beefy man – said, “Boss! Boss! Look! I killed it! Come quick! I kills one! Yipee! Boss, come quick!”
And then it was all quiet-like. Beefy-man goes, “No! No! Arrrghhhh!”
Mum yells, “Fernandoooooo!” She was running and firing her gun at the same time. The monster cried out, cursing in Filipino. The gunfire sounded like toys. Pathetic. Not the big BOOMS like in the movies. Then it sounded like everyone screamed at the same time, all those voices rising together...and then silence. After a few minutes, I gathered myself up and went outside. 
Mum's little army was dead. Bits of everyone lay here and there. A torso dangled upside down from high up a tree by the guts. Some guy's head was in the hole of a tree trunk, looking all surprised. A big wind rushed in between my legs and hit the camp and circled the whole place. A rain of arms and legs fell from the trees and THUMPED on the ground, all bouncing on the mud. 
I saw Janice...still sitting there by that tree, like she was sleeping. Sleeping with her eyes and mouth open...with that god awful dead-look of disbelief.
Something in the woods was heading right for me.
I ran.
“Come back, girl!” said Mum. “I order you to listen to me!”
I kept running. To heck with her. I was going home – home to the great warm embrace. A few steps later, and Mum was all over me, on my back. We rolled in the mud. I kicked and punched and yelled. She pulled back on my hair and said, “Simmah down nah!”
I did, coughing and spitting mud. She yanked hard on my hair, and my chin stuck out. 
“My back, my back, get off me, bitch!”
Mum whispered in my ear.
“I have plans for you,” she said. “Just you wait, girlie-girl.”
She dragged me back to the camp. There was nothing I could do. I was out-muscled. Mum searched the bodies and took their wallets, taking their monies. I'll be damned if she wasn't grinning. A horrible thought occurred: were these genes in me, too? If I got dumb one night, would I find myself disrespecting the dead like this??
As Mum kept busy, I thought of running again. Naw. It would just make her more crazy-mad. I didn't wanna guess what she'd do to me then as punishment. Might make me do a handstand in blood, or something wacky like that. She might just shoot me. 
I don't know any more. I tried not to think about it. Just go along with her for a little while. Sooner or later, you'll find your opening...and you'll make your escape. Patience is key. Just a little patience.
The treetops made noise again, and Mum pulled out her gun and yelled to the moon.
“Come on out, fools! I'm right hea! I got yo meat right hea!” she said, grabbing herself. “Eat me! EAT MEEE!” She blasted her gun.
Stupid... I thought... just wasting bullets like that. 
She reminded me of your typical, stupid human acting before they be thinking. It confused me. The whole time I was growing up, I thought adults were supposed to be superior. I thought they were smart. I looked up to them. 
She grabbed my hand.
“Come on,” she said, stuffing her gun behind her belt, right in front of her privates. “Like I said earlier, I got a plan...and you're the star.”


The sun was peeking over the mountains by the time we arrived. Birds chirped on the roof of the trailer. We were hiding behind a tree that was covered in ants. I was tempted to eat them. They looked like little pieces of candy. And didn't they eat honey? Weren't they bursting with the stuff?
I picked one off and ate it. The vile thing exploded in my mouth and tasted like battery acid. I spat it out.
Mum told me to shut my pie-hole and be still.
The trailer was rocking back and forth, and all sorts of noises were inside – glass breaking, tearing sounds, giggling, kids shouting “More!” and “Cheers!” I looked down and saw a blood-trail leading up to the trailer home, sprinkled by bits of meat and bone. There was also an arm and a leg. Mum looked at these things, and I'd be damned if it didn't sound like she was about to cry.
Then she started talking, not looking at me.
“I know that leg,” she said. “That's Jerry's leg.” She wiped away a tear and said, “I know that arm, too. That's Chloe's arm.”
Then she pointed to half of someone's head. A cat pulled out the brain and dragged it along the grass, growling at us with its tail and hairs up. 
Mum picked up a rock and said, “Beat it, you stupid beast,” throwing the rock. She missed, but the cat jumped in the air and ran off under the trailer. Mum turned to me.
“Now listen here. I got a plan.”
And by then I already was backing away.
“Fine by me,” I says. “You just go on and do what you haffta, but leave me out of it. I'm going home.”
She grabbed me.
“You listen to your mum! I order you to run over there, knock on that door, and get me one of them little aswangs.”
“Hells no!”
“Think of all the money I'll make!”
“NO!”
I made to dig out, but she wouldn't let go. In fact, her grip came tighter. She pulled me close to her.
“You're going on over there, kid, one way or the other.” For a second, I thought I saw dollar signs in her eyes. She picked me up and held me over her head. “Now git!” she said, and threw me at the trailer. I landed on the blood trail with a tuck-and-roll, sliding all the way to the trailer. I screamed as I went and hit those little stairs leading up to the front door.
I could hear Mum.
“Get one!” she ordered. “Dammit! Do as I says!”
I got up and limped away, but the damage was done.
The door opened, and all these little kids with no legs come pouring out, some crawling. That was that. Game over...so I just stood there, looking all dumb with my hands over my face.
Nothing happened.
I heard something that sounded like a hand shooting into a bag of rice, and looked through my fingers.
The aswangs were busy with something. Some were under the trailer, some were in treetops, and some were even on the roof of the trailer. All of them sniffed here and there, turning things over. Many of them were already in the air, flying around like vultures. They just went on right past me. They were looking for something else, and I had an idea who it was. 
I looked to the woods and saw Mum. She looked perplexed and pissed off at the same time. Her gun was out. I done messed up, but it couldn't be helped.
Granny wrapped her arms around me.
“Gotcha!” she says, breath smelling like onions. “So where's mommy hiding now?”
I made my legs limp and tried to wiggle away from her.
“Help!” I said. “Mum, help!”
Mum looked out from behind a tree. Their eyes met. Granny grinned and held me tighter. I felt her stomach rumble. Mum hightailed it out of there. Granny's hold on me loosened.
“What the...?” she said. “I didn't expect that.”
Granny raised her arms up high and said something inspiring in Filipino. I don't know what, but it must've been “Get her!” or something, because then all them little ones cheered and took off, all flying into those woods. One of them zipped out from the trailer, saying, “Me so hungry! Me so hungry!”
This one stopped, hovering, and turned around.
Vol was an aswang. She looked dead. I jumped back and gasped.
“Vol?”
The real Vol was in there, banging behind those eyes. The aswang...I mean Vol...snarled and tried to bite me. Granny stuck her leg out and put her foot on Vol's head, holding her back. Vol waved her claws at me. I pressed up against Granny. She gave Vol a shout.
“Easy, girl,” Granny said. “Not this one.” She pointed to the woods. “That one. Now go get it, girl! Go fetch!”
And then all the little aswang kids were gone...vanished into the trees.
Granny moaned and spun me around. She sat me down on her knee. She looked even worse than last I saw: all that skin on her face just seemed to drool away – oh, cruel, cruel gravity! Is this ME in the future? I gotta remember to stay out of the sun, and no, no smoking. Granny was all dried out, lookin' something like an unwrapped mummy, what with the teeth all showing, that jaw a little crooked. Someone had her skin pulled back too tight. Her eyes kept changing color for some supernatural reason: brown, yellow, then blue and white – the whole eye, just fading into one color to the next. Maybe she was trying to put me into some kind of trance. Well...truth was...I was more relaxed than I should have been.
She leaned in, smiling.
“Look, little girl...I like you, alright? You're tough. No one ever got away from me before. You're like a grownup in a kid's body. So tells ya what I'm gonna do. I'm not going to kill you. In fact, I'm gonna make you one of us, just like your little friend Vol. Hell, I'm giving up eating kids all together. Wanna know why?”
I nodded. I smiled a little. She wasn't so bad.
“Uh huh,” I says.
Now Granny was serious.
“So one day I gets a'thinking. Something is making us weak, and it's the kids! Sure, they have soft, clean meat, but it's also weak meat. And then I got an idea. What if I just ate adults? And guess what happened?”
I nodded.
“You got stronger?”
“See...” she said, “that's why I like you. You're smart. And not only did I get stronger, I also got new powers.” Only she said it like “Puh-wuhssssss.”
I nodded.
“Like putting people into a trance with your rainbow eyes?”
Granny laughed and looked around at no one in particular.
“Look at this one! A regular Stephen Hawking!”
Granny stood me up. She stayed with her butt on the stairs, looking me up and down, examining me, touching the muscles on my arms and legs.
“Like I says, I won't be here forever. But I'm gonna try to stay as long as I can. I mean, who wants to die? Am I right, or am I right?”
“You're right.”
“So I'm making an army to bring me more adult beef, as you've already seen. I'm gonna create a new race of aswangs – a stronger race, and it all starts today with you younglings. They need a leader. Someone like them, someone they can understand, someone that they can relate to.” She narrowed her eyes. “YOU, child.”
“What about Vol?”
“Oh, I tried her. She's too into herself. All she wants to do is eat – all day, just eat, eat, eat! She even murdered some of the kids before I could turn them into aswangs. I was going to eat her, too, as punishment...but like I said, I'm having no more of that weak stuff. You know what it felt like when I had my first chomp of adult beef?”
“No, ma'am.”
“My mind expanded. I got smarter! I started thinking about all these weird things. I got all sorts of ideas. My body got real sensitive. I could heard real good. I got cottonmouth. And then I got real hungry. Just reallll hungry. And the orgasms were quite splendid. Long story short, it felt pretty darn good. Maybe I can sell the stuff. I could use the money. I hate living in this damn mobile home anyhow. It's embarrassing. I deserve more than this. I wanna live in a mansion around Diamond Head (that's where some of them rich folk live). I want a pool. I want a big, high definition TV. 
But I don't care for no car. I don't even have my license. Driving is dumb anyway. Too many crazies out there. You can be the most careful driver in the world, but get crashed into by some stupid-ass driver who tried to break the rules to get to work on time. Straaange world, man. No sir, I'll drive when everyone else learns to drive. Until then, I'll fly the friendly skies, if you catch my drift.”
She got close to me. Her fangs were out.
“Now don't move,” she said. “This is gonna hurt you more than it's gonna hurt me.”
Go for it, I thought (and I think I was still smiling).
I gave no struggle. The whole thing might be fun – flying around and scaring the crap out of people. I didn't have my first kiss yet. Maybe I could steal me a boy and make out with him, whether he liked it or not. I heard that french-kissing was one of the greatest feelings in the world, that it was like tonguing a slug. I couldn't wait. I could do everything I always wanted to do. No boring, useless school. I could eat what I wanted to eat, beat up those who wronged me, steal cars, fly around. I felt free! I could do anything I wanted! I got goosebumps right then and there!
Still....
Something in me clicked. Something in me backed away a little from Granny. It was just a little move, but it was enough for Granny to raise up her eyebrows. She went:
“Hrmm?”
....and grabbed the sides of my head and dove in for the Big Bite.
My hands were on her boobs, and I pushed her back into the trailer. I slammed the door. 
BANG!
A gunshot rang somewhere in the world.
I looked around – AND DUCKED. A kid aswang cartwheeled over me and hit the door, crashing through it and landing on Granny. The kid was all shred up...all dead. Granny sat up and cradled the dead thing. 
“Oh, my darling Zoot!”
Zoot's face looked open for business, but no one was home. I looked into the mobile home and saw all these legs just standing around, feet tapping, waiting. Granny cried out, and all the legs start running left and right and bumping into things, knocking over a variety of useless old people crap.
There was a huge cry from the woods, then another, and another – a whole bunch of'em. The little monsters were coming back. Mum chased after an aswang, shooting at it.
“Get back over here!” she said. “I just need one of you damn things! PLEASE!” 
She shot it down, and the thing exploded, and bits of itself rained all over Mum.
“Damnnn!” she said, still running, arms out to catch the mess, to catch whatever she could. “Useless – all useless to me! 
I ain't no seamstress!”
The mob was catching up to her.
Mum and I were heading right toward each other, but she was looking right past me. Her hair had gone white! Her face was all bloody and twisted. I liked seeing that look of extreme fear on her face. Shows her right.
Mum screamed as she ran.
“Aaaaaah! Help me! Help me, God! Jesus! Buddha! Heeeelp!” Then she noticed me and said, “GET OUT OF MY WAY, YOU STUPID BABOON!”
I ducked as she leaped over me. A wave of them little aswangs (sans legs) rushed over me, each one of them laughing all crazy-like. The wind they carried picked me up and tossed me aside. I landed next to that cat I saw earlier eating that head's brain. The now-fat cat hissed at me and ran off up a tree. I made to follow and disappear into the woods, when Vol fell from the sky and stood right in front of me. I could tell from her stare that she was all the way loony tunes – teeth out, hands ready to tear me a new one, nose twitching, ears twitching, curious burping sounds in her throat, etc.
I picked up the brain and threw it at her face. She caught it with her mouth and ran off. Maybe – just MAYBE – there was a hint of Vol still left in that mindless aswang – that part of her that saved me. The thing that was Vol sat in the grass and munched its meal, all the while staring at me. 
Now Mum and Granny ran toward each other. Mum just kept heading straight. She closed her eyes and yelled out and tackled Granny into the mobile home. Vol and the aswang kids followed inside. The whole place went over on its side.
Run, you bloody idiot, my brain told me. Get the hell out from here! Now's your chance! Beat it! Just beat it!
And then I heard her screaming.
Mum.
She screamed; and it sounded like she was in agony. The sound cracked my brain. 
Now what?
You should just turn around. I know you wanna be a good person and all, but this is ridiculous. Just run away and get help and come back later. Get the police. Right?
It was true.
As I turned around, the front door burst open and Mum popped out, covered in blood, crying, reaching for the clouds. Black smoke rose from under her. I heard kids begging. Granny was yelling orders I didn't understand. Mum was looking around, trying to figure it all out. Her mouth was all over the place.
“Arrgghhelphelpehlpaarrghhh!” she goes, head shaking like a wet dog, her hair throwing blood. Aswangs were yanking on her legs, and with each tug she'd pull herself up again. 
I couldn't move. Couldn't run off. I had to see what would happen next. Had to be sure.
The beasts down in that trailer gave a big yank, and Mum went all the way down. There was a mad fire in there. I could smell cooked beef.
A few aswangs on fire crashed up through the windows and tumbled in the air and bounced on the ground. They rolled around as the grass caught fire. Another aswang flew out, and Mum was on the back of this one – both of them on fire. They landed and wrestled a bit...then were still. By this time, the whole trailer home is shaking like a pressure cooker and ready to explode.
Something far off called my name.
I looked to my left and saw Vol on the ground, all burnt and coughing. She sat up and saw me. It WAS her! I ran and embraced her. She hugged back. I could smell her hair burning. Granny shrieked and the trailer home exploded. Her head came flying right at us, teeth chattering like one of those wind-up toys.
I punched her head, and it shattered against a tree.


At first, I was helping Vol walk through the woods. Later, she knocked out...tired herself out...and so I had to drag her. 
I took her to the stream where I washed her up as best as I could. Every now and then she'd wake up and point us in the direction that would get us home. It pretty much was just keep going down stream. So I did. Dragging her, I did. Just kept going. Happy to be alive. Happy to have it over and done with.
By night we were at some busy highway. I tried to thumb a ride, but I guess people just gotta get home in time to watch the little people in the magic box. So I did the next best thing to get attention: I ran into traffic.


THREE

It was the H1 freeway. A truck turned to miss me. The thing went all over the place, banging into automobiles. All the cars honked and cursed, and we caused a big jam. The driver of the truck, one of them good ol' boys, he come walking out and crushed his beer can on his forehead and tossed it away. He made his chest all big, and tried to start a fight with us. I tried to explain our situation. He put his hands on me. Vol woke up and got all up in his face and pushed him around. He looked at her in shock – she was all burned and black. Next thing I knew, she was beating the crap out of that guy. He was rolling around on the ground, holding his knee and crying. People stood all 'round, cheering Vol on.
Then we caught a ride home from some nun.
I had to break into my own place – shattered the window with a rock and unlocked the door and dragged Vol inside. I made us some rice and SPAM. Vol slept with me upstairs, in my bed. A knock on the front door woke me up, and I rushed down. I grabbed a broom. If it was Mum, I'd be ready to protect myself. She would be pissed that I didn't help her. Damn it all. I thought she was dead. Thought she was all burnt up. Another knock, and I opened the door with the broom held high above me, ready to strike.
It was Sherry. The mum of my dreams.
I cried, and she held me. We fell to the floor, and she cradled me. She said that everything was going to be all right. 
That I had nothing to fear. 
“Everything's going to be all right.”


Sherry was downstairs the whole night, whispering into the phone. I didn't like it one bit.
“I don't like this one bit,” I told Vol. “We have to bust out of here.”
I put on some clothes and opened a window. Vol shook her head.
“I'm tired. I hurt all over. Kill me now.”
A whole mess of cars pulled into our driveway, lights blinding us. Everyone came running out, all their doors closing with loud SHOOMPS. I started dragging Vol across the floor.
“Let's go! Move! Move!”
I put Vol on a skateboard and pushed her into the hallway, and then I put on my shoes and ran after her. Five strangers rushed me and picked us up. Vol was screaming like a demon, trying to bite everyone. One of them yelled out “I got it, I got it! Look at this thing, Sam!” It was a woman, and she sounded way too excited.
They took us downstairs. I tried backwards-headbutting the man carrying me. “Put me down!” I said. “Sherry! Sherry!”
Mum stood in the living room, watching some lame game show on The Filipino Channel. She got up from the couch and clapped. 
She was was all messed up. Post-cooked.
“Good job, boys! I shall split the money with you all. This is just a taste of what's to come.”
I couldn't believe it.
“Mum! You bitch! Let us go!”
Mum smiled even more. 
“And I have you to thank the most,” she said. “My daughter. Thank you.”
I said something back that sounded like thank you, and Mum slapped me.
Everyone laughed. Vol snarled at Mum, so Mum slapped her, too – slapped her so hard with the back of her hand, Vol was knocked out cold. Sherry walked out from the kitchen and held her hand out. Mum gave her some money.
Mum slapped her, too. I don't know why. After seeing how Sherry betrayed me, I don't know what's going on any more.
They hauled us outside and stuffed me into the back of a car. Mum took Vol for herself; and we were off. 
I had a good idea where to.


Polo Church had been there since 1869. According to the local Hawaiian mountain police, legend has it some priest came down from Jerusalem with the hair of Jesus. Anyway...this priest buried some under the church, kind of like a gift to the town for being so pure and all, so now all the people claim that it's a holy site, that it can cure whatever you got that's giving you crap...or cramps. The place can chase your demons away, and all that jazz. I even heard of some exorcisms being done there...although some said, “No, they be orgies, man. Orgies of the sexy kind.” In any case, it was a weird place, and I stayed away from it.  
To get to the church, you had to cross a cheap bridge on Old Polo road and keep going up. It was a big building on a hill. 
Can't miss it. But this bridge, it was where all the cool kids went under to get drunk and do the big poke. 
I looked at the woods as we drove over that bridge, imagining old Granny in there, headless, still alive somehow...waiting for me...every now and then bumping into trees and tripping in mud puddles.
I think there were something like 3 or 5 cars. I was in the last car. My driver was an old woman with a sword strapped across her chest for easy access. The car's headlights picked up a figure of a man in the middle of the road. My driver complained something about disobedient teens and stopped. The man fell on the hood of the car. He looked scared to death.
“She's gone crazy!” he was saying to us. “That kid bit the boss, and now she's gone crazy!” He ran off into the forest, fell in a ditch, and that was the last I saw of him.
The old woman looked at me, her face sweating, then continued driving real slow. The other cars were all scattered on the road, all their red lights blinking. The old lady turned to me.
“I'm going on out there,” she said. “You better not do something dumb.” She pulled free her sword. “Remember, I's got this here sword. Got that?”
I wasn't afraid of her, but I played her game and nodded my head.
“Yes, ma'am, I got you.”
The old bag got out and walked to the front of the car...searching the area...holding her sword out and waving it around. 
Money floated everywhere, dancing with the wind. The old lady tried to catch some. She brought her hand to her mouth.
“Jerry! Ca'leen! Where you guys at? If this is the surprise birthday party I've been hearing about, I'm not impressed!”
She saw something and turned around. Something struck her on the head, and she did a belly flop on the hood of the car. 
Mum jumped on the woman's back and yanked out her spine. The skull flew out and left the woman's face behind. It hit the windshield like a wet mask. Mum threw the spine away and dug into the woman's shivering back. Mum looked like a pig in a trough, snorting and gulping and slurping and all that. I ran out of the car...ran for the church.
When I looked back to see if Mum was following me. She was gone. But I did see Vol all up in that old lady's corpse and munching away. 
Vol waved at me. 


I threw a rock through one of the church's huge windows. I would be safe if I just got inside. Oh, don't worry about the window. God understands. He forgives all.
A sudden WHOOSH! and I was lifted off the ground. Mum laughed and made to bite the back of my head, but I reached up and pulled away her right breast. She screamed and let go, and I landed in a bush. It wasn't as soft a landing as one would think. I rolled out of that thing with thorns and twigs sticking out of me. I yanked out as many as I could as I ran for the church. Mum called my name and came in for another hit. 
Vol tackled her, and they were both sent exploding though the church doors. The two torsos punched and choked each other. 
The whole place came alive – flames engulfed each candle, bibles exploded, holy water bubbled, walls bled, statues looked away in shame, and the organ played by itself. It was a crazy song – something a cat would play if it was running all over it.
Mum and Vol burst into flames. Mum reached out for me, trying to get me. She was spitting blood at me and cursing me out in Filipino. I ducked one of those bloody spits, and it sizzled on the grass. Vol tried her best to hold her back. Mum got close to breaking free from her, so Vol tore away Mum's other breast, then her eyes, then the meat on her arms. Mum's ears fell off. She was melting.
An intense heat was inside. Hairs jumped out from the ground like snakes and pulled them into a zigzag crack of black smoke. All sorts of laughter and cursing came out from there. The hole was bilingual. Mum was tearing at her own face, pulling off everything. Vol was helping her, laughing, giggling, just so happy.
The crack sealed up...
...the candles died out...
...the music stopped.
A car was driving up right for me. No one was driving it. I jumped out of the way as the car took a sharp turn and rolled on its side and sealed the church up good.
I ran from that place as fast as my little legs could carry me. As I went by those dead cars, I stopped by all those bills on the road and stuffed my pockets with so much cash. I ignored the dead bodies. Once my shoes were full, I went to the nearest bus stop and slept there.


Sirens woke me up. The sun was in my eyes. People waiting for the bus were talking, saying things like “broke into the church” and “black smoke” and “dead people” and “shootout”. I got on the bus with the rest of them. I'm not sure, but I think I put in a twenty.
The first thing I did after that ride was go to the police station – I just walked right in and spilled the beans. What was I gonna do? Get a job and pay the bills? Where was I gonna go? I had no relatives, no nottin'. So I told them coppers everything – the Filipino vampires, the trailer home, the kids – everything. I also did it as a sort of therapy. I didn't wanna bottle all that crap  inside of me. I might end up with mental constipation. They sent me to stay overnight at the hospital, and that was pretty darn great. I mean, all the free food I could eat. The police were in and out of my room, asking all these questions about my mum. I kept saying I knew nothing, that she just up and left one day. As for the money in my clothes, I said my mum wanted me to hold it all for her, that I was a confused little girl, that I didn't know what was happening.
They bought it. But they didn't let me keep the money. I didn't argue. I didn't have a lawyer.
The story was all over the news. Reporters visited me. I felt oh so special. When a doctor told me that my mum was missing, I cried. Well, I mean I put my hands over my face and went “Boo hoo hoo”. Days later, a police officer walked into my room. He said that after much paperwork and after a lot of phone calls, it was decided. I'd be sent to stay with my mum's folks.
In the Philippines.
Great.
A few days later, I'm greeted by an aunty I've never seen before. She cried and hugged me. I tried to cry back so she didn't feel like an idiot, but nothing came out. I was all cried out (isn't that a song?). She seemed nice enough. Aunty Sharon helped me out of the hospital, drove me home, made a quick meal, and packed my bags. I remember asking: 
“Do you have SPAM in the Philippines?”
She said yes, and I was relieved.
Maybe it wouldn't be so bad, this moving to a different country thing. My senses hungered to experience different sights, new sounds, exotic tastes. And wasn't that what Life was all about? Expanding the senses?
I made sure to pack my favorite book, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, and my favorite movie, Forrest Gump.
 I was scared the whole plane ride over. I always expected Mum to pop up by my window and try to get me. It was even a problem using the bathroom. I was doing the business one time and the whole place dipped. My heart went with it. All this blue water splashed up all in me. I remember being afraid that Mum had attacked the plane and her hand was seconds away from reaching up from the toilet. On a night like that when I couldn't sleep, especially way up in the sky, I just read. 
It was always a sure way to calm my nerves.
So then I'm in Cebu. I'm in the PI. In the Philippines. And it really ain't so bad. It's as modern as any place, really. 
The house I stayed in was nicer than my place in Hawaii. I don't know why, but Filipinos love their Bruce Lee and Van Damm DVDs. My new home had every one of them. And the movie Speed. There was a whole month where we watched Speed. I didn't mind. It was always a game of Who-Can-Say-Every-Line, and everyone got involved. People brought beer, food, it was a gosh-darn Keanu Reeves party.
Some nights Sharon would be gone on business. She said she fixed computers. Her dream was to be an actress, but until the right audition came, doing “computer stuff” brought in the money just fine. Sure, it killed her soul, and she felt like dying each morning, but...you know...gotta keep hope alive, and all that jazz.
I don't remember what the name of the town I stayed in was, but when night came, the whole place shut up. It was like in those old horror movies when the clock struck 10 and all the windows in town closed at the same time. Same thing happened. 
10 PM hit, and there went the windows. Sharon told me what was happening, but I already knew.
Aswang.
People were freaking out.
It was an old woman giving them problems. Well, old in the day time. At night, she transformed into a hot babe. All the guys were advised to stay indoors and, if they see her flying around, topless and jiggling, to look away.
So a lot of guys were being found dead.
Some girls, too. But mainly dudes.
The other problem was that our bathroom was outside. That meant that Sharon had to follow me all the time at night. 
Correction: she didn't have to. She was scared for my life. Not only did I have to deal with squatting over a pipe sticking out from the ground, I had to deal with Sharon always asking “Are you all right in there?”
Sharon stayed by my side as much as possible. She was my guide around town, around the city. She taught me a lot about what I shouldn't say, what I should do, how serious people took their Catholic upbringing, how to pray, what to eat, what NOT to eat, things like that. Here;s a tip. Never buy food from a vendor on the streets. Because that's not really a “hotdog”. Just an FYI.
Sharon and my mum were never close. In fact, Sharon hated my mum as much as I did.
“She was a little too crazy for me,” Sharon said. “Sometimes she'd walk around the house just screaming about how much she hated some boy that broke hear heart – how she was gonna kill him. And we all knew she meant to do it. That was the scary part – the crazy part. So many times she was arrested for attacking boyfriends. Doctors told us she had some kind of brain disease, I don't remember what. Her reasoning was that the Philippines was possessing her soul and making her do all these crazy things. It didn't make any sense. As she got older, she got quieter and quieter. And that was too weird for all of us. Because what was she thinking? No one knew what she was going to do next. We all expected her to one day blow up and, as you're fond of saying, get nuts. Imagine my relief when she hooked up with your dad and ran off to Hawaii.”
She asked how my dad was, and I told her that I knew nothing of my dad. That he just ran off one day and never looked back.
Sharon had a few things to say about him. She said that he was a tall white dancer that cheated on girl after girl.
“I knew he was bad news,” Sharon said. “But she wanted to run away with him. That was all I needed to hear, so I said nothing. I didn't warn her about him. And life was much better with her gone. Everyone let out this huge sigh. It was like a big stink that was hovering over the town had finally disappeared.”
I was waiting for her to say something like “I'm sorry for saying such an awful thing about your mother”. But it didn't happen.
I think she just knew that I also didn't care for Mum. Maybe it was a matter of “come on, who ever did?” You'd be a weird-o if you liked her.


It was on my third week there that things turned for the worst; and I'd lose the only person I was growing close to. The thing is, ever since I arrived, no one died. People started talking about me, like I was some heaven-sent omen. It was good that I was around. People were happier. Grateful. There were times when I'd be walking down the street, walking through a village, and people would throw flowers at my feet. Many people gave me balut, and yes, I had to eat them right then and there. Fake smile and all. Sharon approved. And if you don't know what balut is, I'll tell ya. It's an egg with a chicken fetus inside. And you eat it. 
So night falls, 10 strikes, and all the windows close again.
I asked grandma and grandpa about Sharon, but no one knew where she was. There was a thump upstairs, in her room, so I went up and knocked on her door. It was unlocked...I opened it.
It was the first time I saw Sharon's room. There were computer parts everywhere. It was like a huge junk pile. But it was the smell that made my belly turn sour. It was that DEAD CAT smell. Again. Back AGAIN. Memories of my stay in that dark room all came running back, breaking my brain. I had to throw up, but my legs wouldn't listen and turn around. They walked to the bed...to the gurgling sounds coming from between the bed and the window. I called for Sharon.
Her head popped up. SHOCKED. Wide-eyed. She didn't recognize me at all. Sharon looked so old....
She rolled onto the bed.
I remember I was saying, “Grandma...grandma....” But I could only whisper.
Sharon was on her back. Her breaths came in and out in little, rapid pfft-pfft's. 
She clawed at her belly. She ripped her shirt off and dug INTO her belly, into her guts. She was yanking on her intestines, pulling them out like ropes. And yet, no blood. Water-ish liquid, but not a spot of blood.
I screamed out for help, and Sharon's legs ran away from her. They went into the closet and knocked over boxes. Sharon whipped her wet head at me and hissed. Her eyes were hungry. She hopped off the bed with her hands and came after me. I kicked her in the face and ran out and closed the door, pressing my back against it. Grandpa ran up to me with a knife. 
“I knew this day would come.” He pushed me aside.
Sharon's head rammed straight through the door. I was reminded of that scene from The Shining. Sharon started to spit at us in a crazy way.
“I'll eat you out!” she went. “Please?!”
Grandpa shoved the knife in her eye, and I shoved my face into grandma's chest. Grandpa kicked the door open and grabbed Sharon's head and drove it into a computer that was left on. Sharon fried on impact. The place begun to stink.
The next morning, everyone in town is throwing roses and exotic meats at me. My grandpa wanted none of the attention. He was shy. We all made our way to the woods where a huge fire was waiting. Sharon's torso and legs were wrapped in white sheets. The wind picked up and the sheet over her head went away. She was young again. Face perfect. Not burnt. Her eyes were closed, and she looked peaceful. Beautiful. Her body parts...they were thrown into the fire. There were two groups of people at the burning: my family, and everyone else.
Everyone else cheered and clapped and danced.
The monster was dead; people were safe.
My family hugged and cried.
Me too.
I cried.

THE END


Epilogue


That was a long time ago.
I'm a grown ass woman now. I have a family – five girls. (Yes, you heard right. Five.) I have a job selling balut to tourists, and the money is really good. People who are adventurous, or bored, like odd foods. My husband is real good to me. He's an army guy, so I don't see him as much. But it's alright. The kids keep me company. As for all those horrible things that happened when I was younger...I don't tell the kids anything about it, and I asked my relatives to do the same. 
Maybe when they're older we can talk about it. I really don't think the kids are ready to hear such nasty stuff. They won't be able to stomach it. They're still soft. One time our youngest, Mel, got into a fight with a school punk right in front of me. She lost. She embarrassed me. I took her by the hand and then I kicked that bully right in the gut. He went flying back like a little doll. I almost laughed. As for my daughter, I shook her and said that next time some bully throws a punch, she should move to the damn side and go for the kneecaps. I don't get it. Any fool knows THAT.
We'll be moving soon. Mike and I have been saving up money to make it happen. I miss home. I miss Hawaii. Even after all the bad stuff that happened there, I just wanna go back home again. It's okay now. Things there have blown over. Not like here. The Philippines is far too dangerous. Too many monsters. Hawaii is safer. I can raise my kids well there. Raise them right. I feel connected to that island.
I feel called.

The End

Join my mailing list at raymundhensley.blogspot.com for updates on new stuff.


Raymund Hensley is the author of Filipino Vampire. He lives in Honolulu, Hawaii.

https://raymundhensley.blogspot.com/

https://www.facebook.com/RaymundHensley

https://www.instagram.com/raymloveseggs/

https://twitter.com/RaymLovesEggs

BOOK PREVIEW
How I Met Barbara The Zombie Hunter

One.

Barbara was sitting in her rocking chair in the dark, nudity abound, covered by parrots. I asked as politely as I could if it would be possible to take a picture of her for the book, and she yelled something unintelligible and threw a bird at me. It occurred to me then that it wouldn’t have mattered how nice I asked.
She apologized and said:
“I am the best at zombie hunting. I am the Master and Commander of zombie hunting.”
Barbara was a 30-year-old French woman who had just gotten her degree in Graphic Design, from The University of Hawaii at Manoa.
She had contacted me via my Gmail account, explaining how she had enjoyed my book Aloha Mannequins, and that I would be perfect to document her exploits as a zombie hunter here in Honolulu, Hawaii. I was skeptical to say the least, and didn’t email her back for the next six months. Finally, she called my home phone and begged that I take the job – that she would pay me as her sidekick, and that she was lonely. 
Thinking that it would be an interesting idea for a “possible” future book, and being very afraid, I accepted. It helped that she was a Capricorn. I was always told that Virgos got along well with that particular astrological sign. Being more of a student of eastern astrology, I inquired what her Chinese sign was, but she refused to tell me and hung up each time I asked.
To this day, I am still unsure how she had gotten a hold of my email address, let alone my phone number.
After she took a shower to cleanse herself of bird mess, she gave me a grand tour of her Waikiki apartment.
A chicken ran past.
I shrieked, mentally – but not physically, for I did not want to insult my host.
Her hallway was covered with paintings that to me seemed to date back as far as the 15th century. I asked if they were stolen. She simply laughed and shook her head, and said Yes. Barbara told me that they were portraits of zombie hunters and that many are still with us – that they are in hiding for fear of being ridiculed or arrested. 
Many are in mental facilities.
At this point, she stopped walking and put her fingers to her head, massaging her temples. 
“Mental institutions depress my face,” she said. “And inflate my hate.”
And then she began to cry. Barbara turned around slowly and held her arms out to me. Her face was a waterfall. Out of pure pity, I nodded and walked up and gave her a hug.
She didn’t hug back. I think her eyes were open.
Hours later, I was in her parrot room, helping her cover a number of cages with black sheets to silence them. She said that the bird noises sometimes disturbed her – that some days it sounded like tiny children were being hit with knives. I told her that the parrots were rather silent and behaved since I had arrived. She said that she could hear the noises in her head.

Two.

Barbara had display cases of various zombie parts – “Trophies”, she called them. There were eyes, fingers, parts of genitals (human and animal), tongues, teeth, one nose, ears, flaps of skin, balls of hair, a 12 inch long finger nail, blood with bits inside, a constipated intestine, etc. All were in glass jars of yellow liquid. I asked her what this strange liquid was, but she refused to tell me and stormed out of the room.
An hour later she would came back and tell me that it was a secret – that only her and the “Church” knew. 
I asked her what this “Church” was, but she ran out of the room again, flailing her arms. When she returned thirty seconds later, she was carrying a large photo album. She held my hand like a child and walked me to the living room where we both sat on the carpet, legs crossed.
Depressing music from India played from somewhere.
She held the heavy photo album up and blew on the cover, but no dust flew off.
There were many black and white pictures inside, of bushes and open fields and bonfires and cemeteries and butterflies. Barbara said that they were pictures of zombies, and that I could see them if I looked closely enough. I had to look closely because a lot of times zombies like to hide, for strategic reasons.
I stared at a picture of a bush intensely and thought I could see a neck, but I could have been daydreaming. These peculiar pictures were taken while in the field by her ex sidekick, Toshiba, a 19-year-old college student, majoring in Art.
Toshiba vanished many years ago. 
The story goes they were both on the hunt, in the murky woods of Wailupe Valley, in Aina Haina.
One rainy night, Toshiba heard a bleeping noise and, against Barbara’s wishes, crawled out of the tent to explore the strange sound. She never returned. The following morning, Barbara found a dead lamb dangling from a tree, wearing Toshiba’s clothes.
Out of rage and confusion, Barbara beat up the animal corpse and cursed at the heavens with her fists pumping in the air, exclaiming, “Damn you, zombie! Damn you to hell! Your life force shall not have been in vain, Toshiba! I shall eradicate them all in a mean manner until the day I am called The Eradicator! This is damn upsetting me. You, zombie, are a turd. You damn lousy guy!”
The strange thing is that lambs are not common in Aina Haina.
Upon telling this dismal story, Barbara began to weep.
I hugged her again. Her tears were cold on my shoulder. She held Toshiba’s picture and spoke to it.
“I will run to you, I will run to you, I will run to you, I will run to you, I will run to you, I will run to you, I will run to you, I will run to you, I will run to you, I will run to you, I will run to you, I will run to you, I will run to you, I will run to you, I will run to you, I will run to you, I will run to you, I will run to you, I will run to you, I will run to you, I will run to you. You will run to me.” She said it through many languages. Her crying twisted the words. I hugged her. 
Still, she did not hug back. Instead, she rose suddenly and got milk from the refrigerator and offered some to me. Remembering my Catholic upbringing and not wanting to be rude, I accepted. But it was already too late, for she had spat inside, explaining that it would “put some meat on my chest, and hair on my bones.”
She sounded like my mother.
Barbara said that there were many things a zombie hunter (and sidekick) had to learn before entering the hunt, like trust. A leap of faith would be needed; an open mind. She hugged me and told me to drink the milk carton with her spit inside. Because it was now magical.
I did.
Fortunately, I had held my breath.
Barbara said that she lied to me. She said that the only magic inside the milk was vitamin D, and that she was impressed I did not vomit. 
I had gained her trust.
That night, I cried myself to sleep.

Three.

Barbara said she had something amazing to show me; but I could tell no one. I assured her that I could be trusted, and she drove me Makiki.
We parked in front of a one-level apartment structure. Kids played jump rope nearby. 
“This woman’s insane,” Barbara said. “As a licensed psychologist – which I am not – I advise you to say nothing to her.”
We stood outside of a door that was covered with pictures of women in hospitals, giving birth and screaming. Barbara knocked on the door and told me again – quite seriously – that I could tell no one who we were about to meet. 
The door opened, revealing a frail, middle-aged woman in flower-designed bra and panties. I tried not to look.
Her face lit up when she saw Barbara and they hugged and jumped up and down, giggling. 
This woman’s apartment was dim; when I closed the door, it was practically pitch-black inside.
She fixed her hair.
“You have to excuse my appearance. As you can see, I’ve been sick.”
Barbara examined her arms.
“Gun wounds, again?”
“They had weapons. I forgot that they could go off even if you don’t know how to use your hands. You should have seen them. They’re horny. They had red eyes.”
“Were they dark red?”
“I don’t remember. I’m colorblind.”
“How did you protect yourself?”
“I killed them in the face.”
“You always use violence. If ever we should tussle, I should have a raw duck dangle around my neck.” She put a comforting hand on her shoulder. “I don’t want to make your innards weep.”
“Don’t worry about me. If I die, to heaven I shall go for my heavenly deeds.”
“Heaven does not transform assholes into angels.”
“Even angels have assholes. Now excuse me while I kiss the sky.” 
She lit candles and I could tell immediately that she had been drinking much, for there were empty bottles of vodka all over the floor and in holes in the wall. Some were tied to strings and dangled from the ceiling. Did this woman have a violent streak? I grew nervous. Alcoholics can never be trusted. They do sudden things that boggle the mind and madden the mouth. If ever I was allowed to speak, I had to be careful of what I said.
As she guided us into the kitchen, we passed by what I can only assume to have been a bedroom transformed into a storage room – full of stained computer boxes and toddler clothes. I could have sworn I saw a figure inside, standing between two towers of Macintosh G4 boxes. I wanted to investigate, but I was too afraid to stop walking.

Four.

There was a special smell to the apartment, best described as a daunting combination of alcohol and soy sauce and cat.
On the hallway walls were old black and white, blown up pictures of strange men and women in groups – pictures taken in the woods, cemeteries, and lakes. All carried guns and whips and wooden stakes – all gathered in front of the camera, showing off their kill, which were all impaled horizontally and displayed like boars about to be roasted. Only these prizes were not about to be eaten (as far as I could tell) and they were certainly not boars.
They were human.
I made no visible reaction in seeing all of this, although my innards were complaining.
Before I stepped into the kitchen, I asked if I could use the restroom. There, I sat on the toilet to stitch together my thoughts. What was happening? Were these people cannibals? Were they crazy? Or worse…crazy cannibals?
Barbara was arguing with the woman – I could hear them throw things made of glass and other heavy objects. 
Then…
…silence…
…followed by weeping apologies.
They began to laugh and clap their hands. Barbara began to sing to her.
“Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday, dear Mommy. Happy birthday to you. Hurray! Yessm! Blow it out, blow it out! Yessm!”
It was good to hear such happiness.
I sobbed in my hands and then wrapped my arms around my knees, rocking myself on that cold toilet.
Barbara called after me.
“Raym! Raym! Eat cake! Yessm!”
I sniffed and cleared my throat.
“I’ll be out in a second, thank you, ma’am!”
They began clapping and cheering. I wasn’t sure if it was for me or not.
For years I always thought my life was speeding towards a dead end, where I would indisputably crash and burn. 
As I sat on that toilet and stared at a bird chirping on the windowsill, I realized that life had such wonders to offer – that my pathetic life was what I made of it. There was a goal for every soul: A purpose. No, I wasn’t a churchgoing person (not since my Catholic School days in the sticks of Greenville, Florida), but I did and still do believe in a higher power. You can call it God or Vishnu or Ra or Master. I call it The Universe – the thing that is in everything and everyone and is always around us. And it wants to help humans. Wants us to be happy. Wants us to feel like we have a purpose in life.
Studies have shown that the number one reason most relationships fail, is because the lover does not feel wanted – useful. 
Barbara had a purpose. One she felt strongly about.
Her story – her zombie adventures – this future escapade I was about to undertake – had to be documented. It was something I was meant to write, even if no one were ever to read it. 
I was doing this for the both of us.

End of sample.
Purchase the full book to see what happens next. Thank you for reading!

ALSO BY
Raymund Hensley

Aloha Mannequins
A moving comedy, Aloha Mannequins exposes the more interesting face of Honolulu, Hawaii. From Mannequin Pornography to insane dolphin activists that wear full-body dolphin suits, Aloha Mannequins will open the eyes of any “outsider”.

"Aloha Mannequins is a very funny story of eerie
inner circles of Hawaii...Great story, great humor!"
-Sterling Knight, www.macabremenace.com

The Zombie Hunter’s Bible
Hunters young & old have now relied on Raym C. Hensley’s humorous hunting guide for vital information, ranging from killing a zombie, bathing a zombie, to eating a zombie when necessary. Easy to understand, friendly and inspiring, The Zombie Hunter’s Bible will empower you with all the knowledge you’ll need toward capturing – and understanding – the walking dead.

“The attention to detail is mind-boggling!”
-Staci Wilson, About.com

How I met Barbara the Zombie Hunter
Yes, there are zombies, even in Hawaii. A foolish writer learns this the hard way from a strange (and beautiful) woman who claims to be a hunter of the living dead. 

