Fire Dragons
Ben L. Hughes
Dragon Adventure Series, Jr.

The Dragon Egg That Rolled Away

Dragon Adventure Series 1

A Dragon Named Splinter
The Blue Dragon
The Dragon Wizard

Dragon Adventure Series 2

Fire Dragons
The Cave of Secrets
The Lost Dragons of Fire Island


Copyright 2014 Ben L. Hughes

Edited By: Jen Hughes and LJ Cummings

Revision Date: August 20th, 2017

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.
Table of Contents:
Series Synopsis
Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
About the Series
 

Series Synopsis
In the first Dragon Adventure Series, Kevin and his friends discovered that there had been an epic war between humans and Fire Dragons in a part of medieval Europe known as the Celtic Realm. This series goes back in time to capture those historic events.

Prologue
In the early days, Fire Dragons ruled over a collection of islands off the coast of Europe, known as the Celtic Realm. The two largest islands, Ireland and Britain made up the bulk of their domain. Britain was the larger of the two and its rugged mountains along the western coast formed the heart of the Fire Dragons’ homeland. Since Fire Dragons preferred the remote mountaintops, their cousins the Pigmy Dragons, and a small number of humans, lived in the lowlands below. The Pigmy Dragons kept to themselves and used their camouflage to avoid contact with the humans who were unaware of their existence. The Fire Dragons made no effort to conceal their presence, but they tolerated the humans because they were peaceful shepherds who spent their days tending their flocks. If an occasional sheep went missing, the humans viewed it as homage to their reptilian hosts.
Across the channel it was a different story. The humans living on the mainland had divided up their realm into kingdoms, and then spent their days fighting each other over who had the rights to the land and its limited resources. As their population continued to grow, fortune seekers from the mainland spread out in search of new lands and riches, and it wasn’t long before they reached the Celtic Realm. Unlike their predecessors who were peaceful shepherds, these mainlanders were ruthless power-hungry warlords that were used to taking what they wanted by force. It wasn’t long before the two sides clashed, and once innocent blood was spilt, both sides were heading for war…
Chapter 1
 Draig paced back and forth atop Mount Snowdon waiting for his brother Ironclaw to return. It was his turn to keep watch, and like most nights, he was late.
“Where have you been?” Draig snorted in discontent after his brother finally showed up.
“Sorry… I was out searching for food in the lowlands, and I lost track of time.”
“Were you alone?”
“No, Razorwing and Talon were with me,” Ironclaw admitted as he looked away. He hated it when Draig questioned him, always playing the part of the older brother.
“You expect me to believe that the three of you were out hunting after dark?”
“Well… we might have run across a village on the way back, and Talon may have accidently set fire to it,” Ironclaw snickered under his breath.
“If you keep provoking the humans, they will never stop attacking us!” Draig snapped in an angry tone.
“Why are you so fond of the warm-bloods? They are spreading across our realm like a disease, claiming the land as if it was theirs to claim!”
“I know you don’t like the humans, but attacking them will not solve the problem.”
“Then what will…? Razorwing told me that he saw several new castles being built along the northern coast, and when he flew in for a closer look, the humans shot at him with their puny arrows. Fortunately, he wasn’t injured, but clearly the time has come for us to take a stand and fight for what is ours!”
“Do you really think an all out attack is our only option?” Draig questioned in a parental tone.
“Yes, and if you and Sapphire would stop opposing it, the dragon council would have the votes it needs to declare war on them!”
“You forgot to mention Terra, she is still opposed,” Draig added.
“Not anymore,” Ironclaw snapped as the moonlight glistened off his razor-sharp teeth. “When she was out on patrol the other day, the humans attacked her after she landed near a stream to get a drink of water. She escaped unharmed, but it made her realize just how dangerous these savages really are.”
“We have never had these issues before…” Draig replied as he thought about the shepherds that lived in the lowlands.
“These fortune seekers invading from the mainland do not respect, or fear us. You had better open your eyes brother, war is coming whether you like it or not. If you don’t believe me, go south to Cothi and see for yourself… they are planning to attack the Cambrian clans.”
“Alright, you have made your point. I will head down there in the morning and see what they are up to. If what you say is true, then perhaps it’s time for us to relocate on the Emerald Isle.”
“You would rather tuck your tail and run, than vote for war?” Ironclaw snarled as his tail whipped back and forth in disgust.
“When the Romans invaded our land centuries ago, we took refuge on the Isle… and when their empire fell, we returned and not a single drop of dragon’s blood was spilt. All we have to do is wait, because the humans are as fickle as the wind, and they come and go like the seasons.”
“You are wrong about these mainlanders, they are building their castles out of stone, and they will not leave unless we force them to.”
“Brother, war is not the answer.”
“Your weakness will get us all killed!” Ironclaw snorted as he stomped the ground in anger.
“I am too tired to argue with you,” Draig replied as he turned to leave.
“Run you coward…” Ironclaw muttered under his breath, as he watched his brother fly back to his den. Once he was out of sight, Ironclaw abandoned his post and headed down to Glaslyn Lake where Talon and Razorwing were waiting for him.
“What did your brother say when you told him about Terra?” Talon asked the moment he saw him.
“The fool wants to relocate the clan rather than fight for what is ours!”
“It’s too bad you’re not the older brother, then you would be on the dragon council instead of him,” Talon snarled in an irritated tone.
“I know, he’s very stubborn, even for a dragon, but I did convince him into going south to Cothi in the morning.”
“Do you think he will change his mind after he sees how many humans have moved into that area?”
“Not unless they attack him while he’s down there…” Ironclaw snickered in a sinister tone.
“What do mean?” Razorwing asked, sensing that he was holding something back.
“Well… even though our attacks on the villages have been stirring things up, what we really need is something more personal… something that is sure to make my brother realize these primitives are not our friends…”
“What are you planning?” Talon interrupted.
“Just a little something to get his attention…”
“Stop teasing us!” Talon snapped at the air with anticipation.
“Come closer,” Ironclaw whispered as he looked around for a moment, making sure they were alone. “We’re going to attack him when he gets to Cothi, and blame it on the humans.”
“Oh, you’re so evil, I love it,” Talon replied as he flicked his tail with delight.
“We can’t do that, he’ll have our heads,” Razorwing objected.
“Don’t worry, my plan is fool-proof. We’re going to steal a fishing net from the humans, and then drop it on him while he is busy looking down at the village. He will blame the humans, believing that they used a catapult to launch it at him while flying too low. After he breaks free, I bet he will vote for war,” Ironclaw snarled.
“What if he doesn’t escape the net?” Razorwing replied.
“Then I take his place on the council, and vote for war.”
“Okay… but where are we going to get a fishing net from?”
“The Water Dragons have been complaining that the humans are fishing with nets in the waters off Aberdovey. All we have to do is get over there and borrow one before daybreak. Then we’ll continue south so we can intercept Draig in Cothi.”
“For your plan to work, you’re going to have to abandon the post... aren’t you worried you will get in trouble?” Razorwing asked in a reluctant tone.
“Who’s going to know? My brother and the rest of the clan are asleep in their dens, and he is the only one who gets up early. I bet we can ambush him and be back before anyone realizes we were ever gone,” Ironclaw added as he glared at Razorwing for a moment. “If you’re worried about it, go to the overlook and take my place while Talon and I have some fun.”
“I want to come, I just don’t want to get caught,” Razorwing admitted.
“When is the last time we were in trouble?” Ironclaw scoffed before taking to the air. Razorwing didn’t bother to dispute him, not because he couldn’t think of any examples, he just knew from experience that Ironclaw would manipulate the truth so it seemed like he was innocent of any wrongdoing.
As they glided over the lowlands, Ironclaw glanced back as if checking to see if Razorwing had turned back or not.
“I didn’t think you had the scales to come with us,” he remarked in a condescending tone.
“I always follow you,” Razorwing replied, as if being the youngest meant he was the bravest of the three.
“I know,” Ironclaw grinned as he looked over at Talon for a moment.
“There are some lights on the beach,” Talon remarked when they reached Aberdovey.
“I’ll take care of that,” Ironclaw snickered as he swooped down towards them. A moment later a ball of fire lit up the night sky sending a group of fisherman running back up the beach. Once they were out of sight, Ironclaw landed on a boat anchored near the shore and started yanking a net out from a pile of them.
“Do you need any help?” Talon asked after landing on the deck behind him.
“No, I’ve got it,” Ironclaw mumbled he pulled it the rest of the way out. “Where’s Razorwing?” he asked as he proceeded to roll it into a tight ball.
“He’s circling the beach to make sure the fishermen don’t come back.”
“Oh good, he’s making himself useful…”
“What are you Fire Dragons doing?” a large Water Dragon interrupted after surfacing alongside the boat.
“We’re going to use this net to capture some humans.”
“Why?” the Water Dragon questioned.
“For food of course,” Ironclaw replied as he flicked his tongue in the moonlight.
“Yuck, Fire Dragons will eat anything,” she snorted in disgust.
“You should be thanking us, instead of harassing us,” Ironclaw replied in a sharp tone.
“If you weren’t so rude, maybe I would have,” the Water Dragon replied before disappearing into the depths.
“That was close,” Talon remarked after she was gone.
“Yeah, those stupid Water Dragons are so nosy. Let’s get out of here before any more of them come snooping around.”
Once they were back in the air, Talon bumped Ironclaw with the tip of his wing to get his attention.
“What is it?”
“Can I torch the boat?”
“Only if you hate the humans as much as I do.”
A moment later the boat erupted in flames, and the men cried out in anger.
“Did you see that?” Talon boasted after joining his friends.
“You’re a pyromaniac,” Razorwing replied.
“Hey, I’m a Fire Dragon, it’s in my blood.”
“What’s in your blood?” Ironclaw asked in a derogatory tone as he glanced over at Razorwing.
“I don’t know?  I’m not as mean as either of you… but I am willing to help you get your brother back on track.”
“We’ll see…” Ironclaw sneered as he headed southwest towards Cothi.
As the eastern horizon started to glow, Ironclaw increased his pace to ensure they would reach the town before his brother. He knew it would take Draig most of the morning to fly down from Snowdon, but what he didn’t know was how early his brother might have gotten up. Draig was not a lazy dragon, and Ironclaw knew that when something was bothering him, he would not rest until it was resolved. Whether Draig would admit it or not, Ironclaw knew that his brother was worried about the humans spreading north from Cothi. It was only a short distance from there to the Cambrian Mountains where a few Fire Dragons lived along the higher peaks; dragons that he knew his brother cared about. It was the bait he needed to lure Draig away from Snowdon, and into his trap.
When Ironclaw saw Cothi in the distance, he flew ever higher, so that the morning sun would conceal them.
“Did we beat him?” Talon asked as they circled the town.
“Yeah,” Ironclaw replied confidently as he stared at the northern horizon.
“Do you think your brother might have changed his mind and decided not to come?” Talon asked after they had been circling for a while.
“Be patient!” Ironclaw snapped. “I know he’ll come, he can’t resist proving me wrong.”
“But you told the truth, the humans are spreading out from Cothi.”
“I know, but Draig thinks I am exaggerating, and to prove it he has to come here and see it for himself.”
“You’re a demon,” Talon snorted with admiration.
“I know, and that’s how the humans will remember us,” Ironclaw snarled.
“I see him,” Razorwing interrupted when he saw a red dragon coming in from the north flying low.
“Grab a corner of the net and keep the sun to your back so he doesn’t see us. When I flick my tail, that’s the signal to let go,” Ironclaw instructed as he loosened his grip on the net. Once they had three of the four corners, the fourth trailed behind, flapping in the wind as they flew towards Cothi.
When they passed over the intercept point, Ironclaw flicked his tail, and they released the net. For a brief moment it looked like it was going to miss its mark as it twisted and turned uncontrollably. Then, at the last moment, it opened up like a giant claw, and ensnared both of Draig’s wings.
“Ha-ha,” Ironclaw muttered under his breath as he watched his brother plummet towards the ground out of control. A moment later a loud thud echoed through the air as Draig slammed into the bank of the Cothi River.
“Is he dead?” Razorwing gasped when Draig failed to get up after the horrific fall.
“And if he is…” Ironclaw replied without a shred of remorse.
“But, he’s your brother… are you just going to leave him?”
“I’m not going down there,” Ironclaw snapped. “You can help him if you want to, but if he realizes you were involved, he’ll have you bled out on the stone of punishment.”
Razorwing looked down at Draig for a moment, but when he saw a group of humans running towards him with their swords drawn, he looked away.
“Let’s get back to Snowdon before anyone realizes we’re not there,” Ironclaw grumbled impatiently.
Razorwing glanced at Talon only to be met with a cold stare, so he followed them at a distance, ashamed of what they had done.
When they arrived back home, Sapphire was perched on the top of the overlook, and by the look in her piercing blue eyes, they knew she was not pleased.
“Where have you been?” she asked in an accusatory tone.
“We went over to the coast to help the Water Dragons scare off the humans that were infesting their beach,” Ironclaw replied with a smug look.
“Why are you always stirring things up?”
“Why are you always sticking your tail where it doesn’t belong?”
“You have no right to talk to me like that!” Sapphire snapped. “Wait until your brother gets back and I tell him how you have disrespected me!”
“Good luck with that,” Ironclaw muttered under his breath.
“What did you say?”
“Oh nothing… I just hope I don’t get into too much trouble when he returns,” Ironclaw snickered before turning to leave.
“What is his problem?” Sapphire snarled as she looked over at Talon and Razorwing.
“I don’t know,” Talon replied as he followed after him.
“What about you? You’re looking guiltier than usual,” Sapphire remarked as she eyed Razorwing.
“I… I have to go,” Razorwing replied in a timid voice as he rushed off. Sapphire knew that he might have said something if the other two had not looked back and given him a threatening stare.
“This isn’t over!” Sapphire snorted as the three of them headed back to their dens.
Chapter 2
 When Draig woke the next morning, his back legs were shackled, and despite his great strength he could not break the metal links that bound him. In the past, the human’s metal craft had produced steels that were soft and malleable, and they could never hold a dragon. But this metal was different, it was stronger and tougher than anything he had ever seen before.
“Hardened steel,” he muttered under his breath, knowing full well that such a metal could defeat a dragon’s scales if forged into arrows or swords. He knew he had to escape and warn the others, but when he tried to breathe fire all that came out was a few puffs of smoke. He immediately reached up and felt his throat, only to discover that his pyrophoric gland had been crushed in the fall. Shackled and fireless, he could neither break his chains nor melt them, and his captors knew it.
“Don’t you worry, Lord Wellington will take good care of you,” one of the men laughed as he prodded Draig with his sword. Draig could have chomped him in two, but the others would have just killed him on the spot, so he lowered his head in shame as his captors marched him towards Cothi.
When they reached the town, an angry mob threw stones and cursed at him as the mercenaries led him down the road. All Draig could think about was his brother, who knew he was heading to Cothi, and would come and rescue him once he realized he was missing.
“We brought you a prize,” one of the mercenaries announced triumphantly when they reached the Cothi Mine.
The owner, Lord Wellington kept his distance as he stared at Draig for a moment, but when he saw his bloodied mouth and the broken scales along his throat, he knew the dragon was injured.
“Well, well, well… it looks like we have a Fire Dragon that’s lost his fire,” Lord Wellington snickered as he tossed the mercenaries a few gold coins in trade for the beast. Then he ordered one of his foreman to come over.
“Boss, what do you want me to do with him?” the foreman asked as he cautiously approached the dragon.
“The new crusher needs an animal to pull the mill stone, so if this beast wants food and water, he’s going to have to earn it by crushing ore, and lots of it.”
“Do I have to fetch him some water right now?” the foreman asked begrudgingly.
“No you idiot! Put a harness on him, and hook him up to the mill. I want him to know I’m the boss.” The foreman nodded, and then grabbed the largest harness he could find on the rack. Then he loosened all the buckles until it fit over Draig’s head. Draig could have easily killed the man right then and there, but he knew it would not have improved his situation, or helped him escape. So, he let the foreman fit him with the harness, and lead him over to the mill as if he was a mule.
“Now pull the stone,” the foreman ordered as he cracked his whip. The millstone was so heavy that Draig had to dig in his claws to keep from slipping, but once he got it moving, it was easier to pull. Nervous miners looked on in awe as the stone went around and around the arrastra, crushing the gold ore in its path.
“He’s as strong as five mules,” Lord Wellington bragged to his men.
“How long do you want him to work?” the foreman asked when he noticed bloody slobber dripping off Draig’s forked tongue.
“Keep him going until dark, then have one of the guards lock him in the old storage cage.”
“Okay boss,” the foreman replied as he cracked his whip near Draig’s legs. Draig shot him a vicious look, and the man took a few steps back after realizing he was in mortal danger.
“I’m not afraid of you,” the man boasted for effect, but Draig could see the fear on his dirty little face.
After Draig looked away, the foreman ordered the miners to get back to work. The men quickly swept up the crushed ore from behind the millstone, and then dumped fresh buckets of ore into the arrastra while keeping a safe distance from Draig’s sharp claws and barbed tail.
Once it started to get dark, the miners put away their buckets and tools, while the foreman unhooked Draig from the mill. Then he called over the guards.
“Lord Wellington wants him locked in the old storage cage,” the foreman remarked in a callous tone.
“Why don’t you do it?” one of the guards replied, half joking.
“It’s not my job,” the foreman replied as he dropped the chains at the man’s feet and then stormed off. For a brief moment Draig thought about trying to escape, but the shackles on his legs would have prevented him from getting the running start that he needed to take to the air.
“Come on you stupid lizard,” the guard grumbled after he picked up the chains and tugged on them. Draig snapped his head back and the man nearly fell over.
“Play nice or I’ll cut you,” the other guard instructed as he drew his sword and pressed it against Draig’s side. Draig could feel the tip slowly pressing into his scales, and he stepped forward.
“That’s it, now you know what I want,” the man chuckled, unaware that Draig could understand every word that they were saying.
When they reached the storage area, one guard led him into the cage while the other one ran his chains from his leg irons over to a metal ring embedded in the floor where they locked together.
“That ought to hold you,” the guard muttered under his breath as he stepped out of the cage and closed the door. “If not, this one will,” the guard chuckled as he placed a large lock on the door.
After the guards left, Draig pulled on the chain as hard as he could, but they were made of the same steel as his shackles. Without his fire, there was no way to melt the metal, and escape his new home.
When Draig heard a voice in the distance, he quickly laid down in his cage, hoping that his labor at the mill was about to be rewarded with some food and water.
“Is he secure in the cage?” Lord Wellington asked as he followed one of the guards into the tunnel.
“Yes, the blacksmith from Cardiff seems to know his stuff,” the guard replied.
“He better, I’m paying him twice as much for this new metal,” the owner grumbled.
“It seems worth it to me,” the guard replied.
“What do you know about worth… that sword you’re wearing is more valuable to me than you are. I only lent it to you because the dragon is your responsibility.”
“Yes boss. He respects it when the whip is not enough,” the guard replied.
“That’s because he’s smarter than you,” Lord Wellington replied in a sharp tone.
“How long are you going to keep him?” the guard asked as though he was hinting about something.
“Until he is not useful to me.”
“Since I’m going to be responsible for such a dangerous animal, will I be compensated for it?”
“I’m already paying you more than you’re worth.”
“But he has razor sharp claws and teeth… if I am injured or killed, who will take care of my family?”
“You make a good point… I’ll have that slave girl Megan feed him and clean his cage since she is even more worthless to me than you are. How about that?” the owner sneered as if he was doing him a favor.
“That’s a good idea my Lord, ” the guard replied.
“I know, and before you run off to your family, go to the maid’s quarters and tell Megan she needs to take care of my new pet... use the whip if she gives you any guff, and make sure she has a key to the cage so she can clean up after him!”
“Yes, my Lord,” the guard replied as he headed off.
After the guard was gone, Lord Wellington looked over at Draig as if he was going to say something, but all he did was chuckle under his breath before turning to leave. Draig never hated anyone in his life, but the smug look on that man’s face enraged him so much that he felt the shackles cutting at the scales on his legs as he pulled at them with all his might. Had he broken free, no rusty old lock would have stopped him from escaping the cage and killing that vile man. The only thing that tempered his rage was the clanging of metal buckets that carried the promise of a meal.
When the slave girl saw him, tears were streaming down her face, and the very sight of him made her tremble.
“Please don’t kill me,” the young woman pleaded as she slowly approached his cage. When Draig saw how frightened she was, he moved to the back of his cage and sat down. Without taking her eyes off of him, the woman unlocked the door and only opened it just enough to slide the two pails in. Then she slammed it shut and locked it as fast as she could. It was obvious that she was terrified of dragons, and though he was driven wild by hunger and thirst, he waited for her to move away from the cage before rushing over to devour what she had brought him.
After he was done, he looked up and when the young woman turned to leave, he saw the bloodstains on her blouse where the guard had whipped her. Draig knew it was her punishment for refusing to take care of him, and it made him hate his captors even more.
Over the next few days, the young woman became less frightened of him, but she still refused to enter his cage to clean it even if the guards beat her. When Draig realized what they were doing, he started pushing the old bedding over to the door, and then dragged it out with his tail when they took him to the mill in the morning. She still got a beating for not cleaning out his cage, but she saw what he did and nodded at him as he passed by her.
The next day she entered his cage for the first time, and though she was clearly still afraid of him, she cleaned his cage and the guards didn’t beat her. It was a small step, but an important one because Draig hated to see her being abused by those vile men.
While Draig was out working the mill, he spotted a dark shadow in the sky and thought it might be his brother. But as the shadow drew nearer, his hopes where dashed when he saw it was just a raven. As the bird passed overhead, Draig started to wonder if Cothi was too far south to warrant a rescue. He knew the humans had been spreading north, and perhaps his clan had left for the Emerald Isle. His daydream quickly ended when he overheard the guards saying that hundreds of soldiers and mercenaries had just arrived from the mainland to help push the dragons out of the Cambrian Mountains. It was horrible news, and it meant that not only had his clan and the others not retreated, they were preparing for war. Even if he could get back to Snowdon, it was already too late to stop it now that there were soldiers coming in.
With no hope of a rescue, and little chance of escape, Draig realized he might be stuck in Cothi for the foreseeable future. If that was the case, then he needed to make the most of his predicament so he would not become a bitter nasty beast like Lord Wellington. Even though he was a man of great power and wealth, he lacked even a shred of decency. As far as Draig could tell, his only joy was making everyone around him miserable. Rather than give him the satisfaction of that, or become jaded from captivity, Draig decided that he would work harder than ever and earn his trust. And when the moment was right, he would turn on him, and become the beast that they fear above all else, a Fire Dragon.
“How is my pet?” Lord Wellington asked when he didn’t hear the whip cracking as much as he liked.
“He seems to have taken to the millstone, and he’s crushing more ore than ever,” the foreman replied.
“I wonder how much more he’s got in him?” Lord Wellington replied as he grabbed the whip from the foreman’s belt and started whipping Draig’s side. Draig immediately stopped, and roared defiantly into the air. Lord Wellington jumped back and then drew his sword, but rather than challenge him, Draig looked away and started back around the mill.
“See, you just have to show’em who’s boss,” Lord Wellington shouted as he spat into the dust. When he turned to leave, Draig bared his teeth and imagined what a delight it would be to sink them right into his neck.
After Draig was back in his cage, Megan came in with his food and water, and as she was about to leave she accidently stepped on the very tip of his tail, causing him to roar with pain. Fearing for her life, she ran for the door, but she slipped on the straw bedding and fell to the ground. Draig immediately picked her up with his claw, and then retreated to the back of his cage after he saw that she was uninjured. In that instant, Megan’s perception of him completely changed. She knew a wild animal would have lashed out at her mistake, and attacked her while she was down, but Draig showed compassion and restraint. It was the most remarkable thing she had ever seen.
“No wild animal would have done that,” Megan insisted as she stood at the edge of his cage and stared back at him. Draig glanced at her for a moment, and then licked the blood off his injured tail.
“Did I hurt you?” she asked in a tender voice when she saw that he was guarding it. Draig nodded and then quickly looked away after realizing what he had done.
“Did you just nod at me?” she questioned in disbelief. Draig wanted to reply, but he knew that if anyone found out he could speak their language, they would think he was a demon and kill him out of fear.
“I think you are a lot smarter than you’re letting on,” Megan smiled. Draig continued to look away, but out of the corner of his eye he watched her leave.
The next morning Megan brought him extra food and he knew it was her way of apologizing for stepping on his tail. While he was gulping down the leftovers, he felt her hand touch the top of his head. He knew she no longer feared him, and he patted her side with his tail. When she looked down, he quickly withdrew it and looked away.
“Someone’s tail must be feeling better?” Megan smiled as reached over and gently rubbed it. Draig could tell she was curious about him, and so he didn’t object to her touch. He even liked it a little, though he would have never admitted it to another dragon.
“I have to go,” Megan sighed after all the food was gone. “But I’ll see you tomorrow, and if there are any extra scraps, I’ll bring them.” Draig’s eyes lit up, and he wanted to thank her, but the risk of exposure was too great.
Over the next few weeks, Megan made a habit of petting him while he ate and without even realizing it he nuzzled her the way ponies nuzzle their owners. Megan hugged him and then whispered in his ear, “I know you will never hurt me. You are not a demon, and you are not a ruthless killer, but you are my friend.” Draig pretended that he didn’t understand her, and after gulping down the last bits of meat, he nuzzled her.
“I know you can understand me, and I also know you can speak.” Draig quickly pulled back and looked away.
“Come on… you can trust me,” Megan insisted. Draig knew that he had not uttered a single word since he had been taken captive, but somehow, she seemed to know that he could talk.
“It’s okay, I won’t tell anyone.” Draig continued to play dumb, figuring that she might have heard a rumor that dragons could talk, but didn’t really know that they could since it had been generations since a dragon and a human had spoken to one another.
After several minutes of silence, Draig looked over at her, but still said nothing.
“I know that you have a brother, and his name is Ironclaw. You’re not fooling me… you can speak our language, and in order to do that you must also understand it,” Megan insisted.
Draig felt his heart pounding in his chest as he tried to figure out how she knew he had a brother, and even more shocking, she knew his name. At first, he thought she might be a witch, but no witch would ever pretend to be a slave, especially one that gets whipped and beaten.
“Aren’t you done cleaning out his cage?” a guard yelled as he came walking down the tunnel towards her.
“Yes… I’m almost done,” Megan replied as she hurriedly backed out the cage, sweeping the floor as she went.
“Get out of my way,” the guard ordered as he pushed her aside so he could reach Draig’s chains. Draig hated the way the guards were treating her, but he didn’t want to make things worse for her by doing something obvious. So he followed the guard outside like normal, and when the man wasn’t looking, stepped on his foot with all of his weight.
“Get off me you oversized lizard!” the man cried out in pain. Draig ignored his plea, even after the man unsnapped the whip from his belt and starting beating him with it. After a fair number of lashes, he finally let the man go.
“You’re going to pay for that!” the man cried as he whipped Draig a few more times, but when he bared his teeth at him, the guard backed away.
“You don’t scare me,” the guard insisted, but Draig could smell the fear in his foul mead laden breath.
After the guard left, the foreman hooked him up to the arrastra. As he pulled the millstone around and around in endless circles, he kept thinking about Megan, and wondering how she knew he could talk. All she wanted was a friend, and he had ignored her. It was the first time in his life that he felt ashamed of his actions, but if the humans knew he could talk, he would be killed. Even so, Megan trusted him, and she deserved to know the truth.
When he got back to his cage, the guard with the injured foot grabbed the pails out of Megan’s hand and dumped them on the ground.
“He gets nothing to eat or drink!” the guard yelled as he glared at Megan on his way out.
After the guards had gone, Megan picked up the larger scraps of food and handed them to Draig through the bars in case one of the guards returned. As he ate the scraps, Megan hummed a Celtic melody. It was soft and pretty, and Draig wanted to tell her the truth more than anything, but she got up and left before he could find the right moment to do so. After she was gone, he shook his head, and swore he would never speak to a human, even one as nice as her.
The next morning, Megan brought his food and water earlier than normal so the guards wouldn’t take it from him. Then she sat in the cage beside him and patted his side.
“You know that Lord Wellington and his men are no more a friend of mine, than they are to you… perhaps if I tell you about my life, you will understand why I would never betray your trust.”
Draig looked away, but his feigned disinterest didn’t dissuade her.
“A few months before you were brought here, my husband was killed when a section of the mine caved in on him. Since he had borrowed money from Lord Wellington against future wages, his unpaid debt was laid upon me. With no money of my own, I became Lord Wellingtons property, and it will take me to the end of my days to repay my husband’s debt. To make matters worse, I am pregnant, and a child that is born to a slave becomes a slave. I have no friends, no family, and no hope of escape. I know you can talk, and if you would be my friend, I would not feel as if I am all alone in a world that has no use for a slave girl and her unborn child.” When Draig felt her tears raining down on his scales, he looked over at her and said, “I would be honored to be your friend.”
“I knew you could talk,” Megan rejoiced as the sadness drained from her eyes.
“You can never tell anyone about this, for if they found out, I would be branded a demon and killed.”
“Your secret is safe with me.”
“I must know… how did you figure out my secret?”
“You mumbled your brother’s name one night while you were sleeping.”
“You are a very clever girl, Megan.”
“So you know my name… no one ever calls me by it.”
“Lord Wellington used it the night he ordered one of his guards to summon you.”
“Ah, that’s the only time anyone would ever use it. Slaves are names unless they are being summoned,” Megan sighed.
“I believe your name means ‘fairy maiden’ in your tongue,” Draig remarked in an effort to cheer her up.
“How do you know so much about us, when we know so little about you?”
“We make a point of learning about the other creatures living in our realm, especially the ones that are trying to take it over.”
“Your realm?” Megan replied.
“Yes, dragons have ruled over the Celtic Realm for countless generations. The first humans to arrive on this island were shepherds, and since they never bothered us, we allowed them to stay. Unfortunately, men like Lord Wellington are greedy and ruthless, and they are trying to drive us from our lands.”
“I had no idea this was your land.”
“We are willing to share, but not with the likes of Lord Wellington and his men.”
“I don’t blame you dragon. I would fight for my land if I had some.”
“Dragon? I have a name silly girl.”
“I’m so sorry, I didn’t know,” Megan apologized. “What should I call you?”
“Draig, which means dragon in Celt.”
“So I can’t call you dragon, but I can call you a name that literally means dragon?” Megan laughed.
“Now you are teasing me?” Draig snarled.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to upset you,” Megan quickly apologized.
“Ha, I got you back,” Draig snorted as he poked her with the tip of his tail.
“You’re a tease?” Megan smiled.
“We are not that different, Draig admitted.
“You are right, many of our names are descriptive like yours, Smith for blacksmith, Carpenter for a woodworker, and Smellington, for a bloated pig that acts like a Lord but smells like a turd.”
“Now that’s funny,” Draig growled in a low rhythmic tone that was clearly the way a dragon laughed.
“Are all dragons like you?”
“Most… but there are good ones and bad ones just like there are in your kind. The difference is, we purge the bad ones so their bloodline comes to an end.”
“Oh, that sounds a bit harsh,” Megan replied.
“Perhaps, but humans kill each other all the time for reasons that escape us.”
“That’s true… what brought you to Cothi, I mean before you were captured?”
“I was told by my brother Ironclaw that Cothi would lead an attack on the dragons that live in the Cambrian Mountains. If you knew my brother, you would know I had to come to see if it was true. Turns out it is, but I was caught off guard and now I’m stuck here while my friends and family will likely go to war. To make matters worse, Lord Wellington has a smith making hardened steel, and my kin will be slaughtered.”
“I am so sorry, are you sure it will come to that?”
“I don’t know… in the past we have retreated to the Emerald Isle, and waited for the invaders to leave. I’m not sure my clan will do that, especially if my brother gets a say in it.”
“Do they live in the Cambrian Mountains?”
“No, my clan lives in Snowdon, it’s the tallest peak in the northern realm.”
“My husband and I lived in Gallia, but when Lord Wellington’s silver mine closed in that region, he lent us the money to come here so we could work at his new mine. You already know how well that turned out…”
“I’m sorry, I wish there was some way I could help you.”
“A friend is all I really need at this point in my life.”
“That I can help you with,” Draig replied as he curled his tail around her.
“I had no idea that dragons could be such caring creatures.”
“Dragons have families that we love and care about just as humans do. The only difference is that there are no orphans amongst us. All of our young are cherished and cared for equally.”
“I wish humans were that kind to each other. Orphans are left on the street until their innocence is lost or stolen.”
“How cruel. If a baby dragon loses its mother, another dragon will nurse and care for it as if it were her own.”
“I didn’t know dragons nursed their young?”
“It’s more closely related to the way birds do it. Than humans.”
“By mouth?” Megan winced.
“Yeah, female dragons have a gland in their throat that produces a milk-like substance that she feeds to her young.”
“Oh, that’s very clever. Since orphans are accepted by other dragons as their own, does that mean all dragons are seen as equals?”
“There is a pecking order that establishes dominance, but beyond that there is little separation from top to bottom. We do have a council of elder dragons that guides our clans and upholds our laws.”
“You have laws?”
“Yes, they are few, but every dragon is expected to follow them... and the few that don’t are severely punished.”
“We have laws as well, but they allow the wealthy to retain their power, and rule over the rest of us. As you probably figured by the way I am treated, a slave is at the very bottom in our society.”
“I know,” Draig sighed. “…but now you have a dragon for a friend, and no other human can make that claim these days.”
“Why is that?”
“Talking to humans is frowned upon because they do not honor their word, whereas dragons live by it.”
“So dragons are expected to keep their promises?”
“Yes, we are creatures of honor, and our word is our bond. If a dragon makes a promise, he or she will die keeping it, if that’s what it takes.”
“If a dragon knew a human that was honorable and trustworthy, could they enter into such an arrangement if it benefited both of them?”
“I suppose... but no dragon has befriended a human in recent times, and without such a bond, no promise would ever be made.”
“You befriended me,” Megan replied with a tender smile.
“I stand corrected, you are my friend and I trust you as if you were my own,” Draig admitted as he gently nuzzled her.
“You are a very lovable for a dragon,” Megan teased.
“I suppose there are worse things to be accused of, though I can’t think of any right now…” Draig grumbled as she reached up and patted him on the side.
Chapter 3
 Once Draig had been missing for several months, the dragon council reluctantly handed down his seat to his younger brother Ironclaw. Ironclaw wasted no time forming alliances with the elders who were in favor of war, while simultaneously discrediting those who were not. No other dragon had such a talent for stirring up trouble, and his friends Talon and Razorwing were eager to help since they considered him the rightful leader of the clan. In reality, there was never supposed to be a leader since all dragons were equals, but Ironclaw used the pending invasion by the humans to his advantage. He manipulated the truth and broke the rules as he saw fit. In a time of peace his clandestine attacks on the humans would have seen him expelled from the clan. But with war looming in the distance, he found support in the shadows and became the unofficial leader of the rebellion.
“What are you up to?” Razorwing asked when he saw Talon sharpening his claws on a piece of Welsh slate.
“Ironclaw wants to head southwest and firebomb a castle that is under construction to the north of Cothi.”
“Yeah, he wants me to come with you,” Razorwing admitted in an apprehensive tone.
“Why, you never actually attack the unarmed peasants. I only see you going after the soldiers as if that is the honorable thing to do.”
“I have innocent blood on my claws,” Razorwing insisted.
“Of the three of us, you’re the weak link.”
“I am not!” Razorwing snapped.
“What are you two fire-bellies squabbling about?” Ironclaw asked as he left the council meeting.
“Nothing,” Razorwing replied as he glared at Talon for a moment.
“Then let’s go castle crashing,” Ironclaw said with a menacing laugh before taking to the air.
“Any news from your meeting?” Talon asked as they flew along.
“Sapphire and Paragon are still in opposition, but Paragon said that if the humans move into the Cambrian Mountains, he will change his vote.”
“Is that why we are going so far south?” Talon questioned.
“The castle is just west of the Cambrian Mountains, if we attack it, the dragons living in that area will get blamed. The humans will send soldiers into the mountains and it will be perceived as an attack. Paragon will change his vote, and then we’ll have our war so we can be rid of the warm-bloods once and for all,” Ironclaw surmised.
“It sounds like you have it all planned out,” Talon snickered.
“I can’t help it if I’m an evil genius,” Ironclaw snarled with delight.
“We’re not going to get to close to Cothi are we?” Razorwing asked as he thought about Draig.
“No, the castle is north of it, but if anyone asks, that’s where we went on patrol today,” Ironclaw remarked.
“Why would we patrol Cothi?” Razorwing asked.
“If by some miracle my brother survived his fall, I don’t want any other dragons going there and finding him, so we are patrolling it so no one else does,” Ironclaw winked.
“You really are the worse brother ever.”
“I know,” Ironclaw snickered.
When they reached the castle, Ironclaw led the attack, picking off workers from the wall.
“I got three that time,” Ironclaw called out proudly as the men fell to their deaths. Not to be outdone, Talon swooped down and set fire to the wooden scaffolding being used to construct one of the outer walls. Right behind him was Razorwing, who flew in low so he could scare the soldiers who were trying to form a defensive line. When one of the soldiers saw him coming, he aimed a crossbow at Razorwing and fired. Razorwing didn’t even bother dodging the bolt figuring his scales would protect him. But when it struck his underside he felt a sudden sharp pain and he lost all feeling in his left wing.
“Ironclaw,” he cried out in vain as he plummeted to the earth. He hit the ground so hard it knocked him unconscious, and when he came to, a soldier was running towards him with his sword drawn.
“Die you winged devil!” the man yelled as he readied his blade. Razorwing took a deep breath, but before he could unleash his fiery wrath, the soldier’s blade pierced his scales, killing him instantly.
“Have you seen Razorwing?” Talon asked after circling the castle a couple of times without seeing him.
“No, last I saw he was headed for the south wall near the tree line,” Ironclaw replied as he circled back to look for him. A moment later Ironclaw spotted Razorwing’s lifeless body and gasped in disbelief.
“Pull up! Pull up!” Ironclaw shouted as he quickly changed course in order to get out of the human’s range as quickly as possible.
“What’s wrong?” Talon asked as he flew after him.
“They killed Razorwing!”
“How?” Talon cried out in anger, but before Ironclaw could even answer, an arrow pierced through Talon’s wing near the outer edge.
“That’s how, and unless you want to join Razorwing in the underworld, we have to get out of here!” Ironclaw snorted in fear.
“That arrow cut right through my scales!” Talon snarled in anger as he assessed the damage to his wing.
“They must have developed a hardened steel… and now we have lost our advantage…”
“What are we going tell the others about Razorwing?”
“We’ll say we were patrolling Cothi and the humans ambushed us. Then you’ll show them your wing and I’ll say you were trying to rescue Razorwing after they shot him down. The council will not question the story after they examine your wound and see how vulnerable we are. Then I’ll press them to vote for war by pointing out that any delay will only help the humans arm more of their troops with this new steel,” Ironclaw snarled in anger.
When they arrived back in Snowdon, Ironclaw called for an emergency council meeting so he could explain what had happened to Razorwing. The elders never questioned the fictional parts of his story because he wove them in seamlessly with the truth. Even Talon believed his embellished version of what happened by the time he was finished telling it.
“I think it’s time to vote for war,” Ironclaw announced in a demanding tone. “The longer we wait, the more dangerous our enemy becomes.”
“I think we should relocate to the Emerald Isle,” Sapphire interrupted.
“Tucking our tails and moving away would only work if the humans plan to leave, but they are building their forts and castles with stone. This is not a temporary occupation like the Romans, these new invaders are here to stay and their fortifications prove it. If we abandon our homes, there is no coming back. We must stay and fight for what is ours!”
“This is a mistake and you know it!” Sapphire snarled, but when she looked around at the other dragons, she knew she was beat. Their eyes burned with anger and Ironclaw had won.
“Let’s vote,” he insisted. One by one, every claw went up except hers, and war was declared on the humans.
“I hope you are happy!” Sapphire snorted in disgust before storming off. Paragon followed her out, hoping she did not blame him for changing his vote.
“I’m sorry…” Paragon apologized.
“It’s alright, I’m not mad at you. I just hate how Ironclaw manipulates the truth to get what he wants. If Draig were here, this would not have happened.”
“I know you wanted to relocate to the Emerald Isle, but we would never have convinced the others to do that. So, it was either argue endlessly while the humans arm themselves, or vote for war and try and defeat them while we still can.”
“I know, I just wish Draig were here. I am lost without him, and I fear the worst…” Sapphire sighed.
“Don’t give up on him, he’s one of the toughest dragons I have ever met.” Paragon admitted before heading back to his den.
“There you are,” Ironclaw snickered after landing on the overlook across from Sapphire.
“Leave me alone.”
“Can’t we be friends now that the issue is settled?” Ironclaw asked in a smug tone as he flicked his forked tongue at her.
“You’re disgusting… why don’t you shove your pathetic little tongue back into your lie-filled mouth, and go away.”
“You’re a sore loser.”
“Even if that’s true, Draig would have never voted for war and you know it,” Sapphire snorted in disgust.
“He was a weak leader who got what he deserved…” Ironclaw replied with a slip of the tongue.
“What did you just say? Do you know what happened to him?”
“No, no… I was just kidding.”
“I think you do!” Sapphire snarled.
“No I don’t,” Ironclaw replied, as he started to slink away. When Sapphire saw what he was doing, she jumped onto the overlook and pinned him before he could escape.
“Tell me what you know, or I’ll rip you open!” Sapphire threatened as she pressed her razor-sharp claws against the soft scales between his hind legs.
“Okay… he was shot down near the Cothi River while we were out on patrol,” Ironclaw said in his most convincing tone.
“How could you keep this from me?” Sapphire shouted as her claws began to cut into his scales.
“It was too dangerous to go down after him, and I knew you would blame me for his death,” Ironclaw sputtered.
“You’re a coward and a liar!”
“I am a survivor, and he is dead, I swear it!”
“You had no right to leave him behind, and his death is on your head,” Sapphire snarled.
“I had every right… for his death made me the last of our royal bloodline.”
“You are not worthy of such, and I will never forgive you,” Sapphire roared in grief as she slowly withdrew her claws from his tender scales.
“I will never forgive myself for having to leave him,” Ironclaw groaned in mourning.
“Save your act for the elders, you and I both know that the only scales you care about are the ones on your pathetic hide. If I ever find out that even one word of your story is untrue, I’ll bleed you out on the stone of punishment myself.”
“I’m telling you the truth, I swear it.”
“I doubt that you even know what the truth is after telling so many lies,” Sapphire snarled before flying off.
“Go back to your den and weep you blue eyed devil. I’ll get you next…” Ironclaw snickered under his breath.
“What was that all about?” Talon asked after landing beside him on the overlook.
“Sapphire thinks that you and I had something to do with Draig’s disappearance, and she’s going to kill us if she finds any proof of it.”
“Was she serious?” Talon asked in a nervous tone.
“She was… so now we need to make sure she never uncovers the truth.”
“How are we going to do that?”
“We need to steal a spear with a hardened tip from the humans in the south. Then when she goes out on patrol, I’ll kill her with it and everyone will blame the savages.”
“Is it wise to attack her after she just threatened to kill us? It might seem suspicious to the others.”
“It will take some time to get what we need and learn the routes she patrols. By then, everyone will be preparing for war and she’ll be one of the first casualties,” Ironclaw grunted with delight.
Chapter 4
 The Cothi gold mine continued to expand its operations and produce record amounts of gold over the winter months. As news of the discovery spread, it drew in even more fortune seekers from the mainland.
One morning an angry horde of town folk came to the mine and started demanding that Lord Wellington hand over his dragon so they could kill it. At first Draig though they had discovered his secret, but then heard them shouting in anger that dragons had attacked several villages to the north.
“Give us the dragon!” the mob demanded as they stood outside of the tunnel where he was being held.
“No, he’s my property,” Lord Wellington replied in a defiant tone.
“All dragons must be killed!” a man yelled out from the crowd as he advanced down the tunnel.
“He is not responsible for the attack on your villages, go back or my guards will punish you!” Draig heard the brief clash of metal as the angry mob had pushed past Lord wellington and his guards.
“There he is…” a woman cried out in a shrill bloodthirsty voice. Draig moved away from the bars as the villagers advanced towards his cage and readied their spears.
“Kill the beast, kill the beast!” they chanted over and over as they drew ever closer.
“Stop this nonsense!” Megan yelled as she broke through the crowd and then stood between the angry mob and Draig’s cage.
“Move aside dragon lover, or we’ll slay the both of you,” a man shouted in anger.
“You should all be ashamed of yourselves!” Megan shouted back with the fierceness of a mother protecting her child. “He hasn’t harmed anyone, and without him, the mill would stop producing gold. Gold that Lord Wellington pays your wages in and buys the supplies from your shops with. Kill the dragon, and watch your villages turn to dust.”
The mob’s angry tone slowly began to subside when the villagers realized they needed the mine, and the mine produced more gold with a dragon at the mill than it ever did using mules.
“Fine, he can keep his pet, but when the mine closes, the dragon is ours,” one of the villagers insisted before lowering his spear.
“Yeah, we’ll kill the beast when the gold runs out,” another villager shouted before turning to leave. One-by-one, they left the tunnel, and after the last one was gone, Lord Wellington walked over to Megan and slapped her on the face.
“You have no right to interfere in my business!”
“I just stopped the mob from killing your dragon,” Megan replied in an angry tone.
“No one speaks on my behalf, especially one of my slaves. If you ever do anything like that again, I’ll feed you to that retched beast.” When Draig heard that, he rushed at the cage door and roared at Lord Wellington in a fit of rage. Lord Wellington slowly backed away, and then left without saying another word.
“He will never stop abusing me, no matter what I do,” Megan sobbed as she sat beside the cage.
“I am sorry, he is a despicable human, but rest assured, one day he will get what is coming to him.”
“I just don’t understand why he struck me after I helped him?”
“You made him look weak because you convinced the crowd to leave when he could not,” Draig replied as he pushed his tail through the bars and curled it around her.
“I couldn’t let them march in here and kill you,”
“It was brave and foolish, and I owe you my life.”
“I am sure you would have done the same for me,”’ Megan replied as she ran her hand along his tail.
“I certainly would have, but I am not with child, so you risked far more than I ever could have when you faced that angry mob.”
“Hopefully they won’t come back anytime soon, but in either case, it seems like we are both running out of time. Do you have any plan of escape?”
“I have tried, but I cannot fly as long as my legs are shackled together. I am afraid that without my wings or my fire, I would not get very far,” Draig sighed.
“The guards have the key to your shackles in their shed, if I can get past them, I could set you free.”
“You would be beaten or killed the instant they realized you helped me, and you would lose your child.”
“You could protect him.”
“No human has ever been raised by a dragon, and I could only protect him if I took him with me.”
“I was afraid it was forbidden by your laws.”
“It is not forbidden, but a dragon clan is no place for a child.”
“It was a stupid idea, but what life will he have living here as a slave?”
“It is not stupid for a mother to want her child to be cared for and loved. If you set me free, I will take both of you with me, and then you can start a new life somewhere else,” Draig offered.
“You are so kind, but if I leave, Lord Wellington will put a bounty on my head, and I would be forced to live as a fugitive. The only thing worse than being a slave, is being one that is running from the law. I refuse to put my child through that, for even a slave lives better than a fugitive on the run.”
“If I take your child, won’t Lord Wellington put a bounty on him, even if you stay behind?”
“I don’t want you to take this the wrong way, but if my child goes missing after you escape, I think you know what story I’m going to tell.”
“You’ll say I killed him...”
“I know, it’s awful of me to even suggest it, but your reputation is the only way to trick Lord Wellington into thinking he’s dead so he won’t come after him.”
“It’s alright, I’ll play the part of savage beast if it saves your child from a lifetime of misery.”
“Does that mean you are willing to do it?” Megan asked as if her wildest dream had just come true.
“Yes, with one condition, once I find a suitable human family to take him in, then I will have fulfilled my oath.”
“How will you find one?” Megan asked, not even realizing that was an option.
“There are many peaceful shepherd families living in the north, they are not our enemy, and we are not theirs. I am sure one of them would be happy to take in a baby that they could raise as their own.”
“Draig, I can’t even begin to thank you. The thought of my child being raised a slave is like a dagger through my heart, and if you can find him a good home, I will help you escape.”
“Megan, I want you to know that I am helping you not because of your offer to set me free, but because you are my friend, and you have shown me nothing but kindness.”
“I know that you big dummy, why else would I entrust you with my child.”
“It is our custom to seal a promise with our blood.”
“How do we do that?” Megan cringed.
“Just hold out your hand, and I’ll do the rest.” Megan nodded and looked on while Draig made a small cut on her palm and then held it to his own so their blood could be one.
“Is that it?” Megan asked after he released her hand.
“Yes. Your child is now under my protection.”
“Draig, there are no words that can express my gratitude, so you will just have to accept my tears of joy instead,” Megan admitted as she started to cry.
“You had better go, I hear the guards coming,” Draig interrupted.
“Alright, I’ll see you later.”
After she was gone, the guard came in and dumped a pile of Megan’s belongings from the servant’s quarters on the floor next to his cage. It was clearly meant to punish her for speaking out and protecting him, but Draig questioned if it would even upset her. After all, they were friends, and she seemed to like spending time with him.
“Come on, it’s your turn,” the guard grumbled as he unlocked the cage door. Draig followed him out as he had done a hundred times before. Then he waited patiently at the mill for the foreman to attach the harness to his chest.
“Get to it!” the foreman snapped, and as he pulled the heavy stone around the arrastra, he thought about Megan. She had been so afraid of him when they first met, and now she was his friend. It was a testament that not only was she able to overcome her fear and distrust of dragons in a time when that was unheard of, she had done so to the point that she was willing to entrust him with her child. It was an honor he didn’t deserve, and it made him love her all the more.
After the sun went down, the guards took Draig back to his cage and locked him in.
“I hope the dragon doesn’t take your baby in the night,” one of the guards said in a malicious tone.
“Why are you always so mean to me?” Megan asked. The guard didn’t answer, but when he turned to leave, Draig flicked  a ball of dragon dung through the bars with his tail and it hit the man in the head.
“You filthy beast, I’m going to whip you silly!” the guard cursed as he tried to brush the dragon poo out of his scraggly hair. It was all Megan could do to keep from laughing, and when the guard looked over at her, she immediately looked away.
Once the guard had cleaned most of it out of his hair, he unsnapped the whip from his belt and started walking over to Draig’s cage. Draig waited for him to get close to the door and then rushed at him violently, while snarling and baring his teeth. The guard fell over backwards trying to backup, and then looked away when he saw the raw hatred in Draig’s eyes.
“This isn’t over,” the guard mumbled under his breath as he struggled to get back on his feet. Once he did, Draig snarled at him and flicked his tail in against the bars, which sent the man running, presumably to change his soiled britches.
After he left, Megan finished arranging her belongings and settled into her new home. Draig liked having her by his side, and when no one was around, they shared stories about their lives and the lives of their ancestors. Draig broke every rule, and divulged tales of dragon lore and times gone by. Megan told stories of the lands beyond the Celtic Realm, which seemed exotic and mystical. As the long winter months passed by, Draig slowly revealed more intimate details about his life, and as his trust in her grew, so did their friendship.
When the winter snow melted, the mine increased production and the owner worked Draig harder than ever. He could have refused, but the more ore he crushed, the less he or his men bothered Megan.
“Megan, are you alright?” Draig asked when he saw her holding her stomach as if that was causing her pain.
“It’s normal for this to happen. I just need to step out and get some fresh air for a moment,” Megan replied as she got up and left. Draig pressed his head against the bars as he watched her disappear into the darkness.
A few moments later Megan returned, and from the expression on her face he knew something was different.
“The guards drank themselves asleep, and I stole the key to your shackles… I’m setting you free.”
“Does this mean your baby is coming?” Draig asked as Megan unlocked his cage and stepped inside.
“Yes, now stop moving so I can remove the lock from your chains,” Megan scolded.
“What can I do to help?” Draig asked once the shackles were off his legs.
“Keep watch, and kill anyone who comes in,” Megan replied as her face cringed with pain.
Draig nodded and then headed down the tunnel to stand guard. When he looked back, Megan was laying on a blanket with her legs bent at the knees. Draig didn’t know how long it took for a human to give birth, but female dragons could lay their eggs in less than an hour.
As the hours passed, he paced back and forth, anxiously waiting for her to give birth. Just as he was about to go check on her, he heard a faint cry, and he stopped in his tracks. As he looked on, Megan wrapped the baby in a small blanket and then cradled him in her arms. It was a tender moment, so Draig stayed back so they would not be disturbed.
“Megan, it’s starting to get light out,” Draig whispered as he cautiously approached. When Megan didn’t respond, he thought she might be sleeping so he nudged her with his head. When she still didn’t respond, he gently pulled the blanket back so he could check on her and the child. The child was resting quietly, and Megan had a tender smile on her pale face. It nearly broke his heart when he realized the birth had been more than her fragile body could bear, and she had passed sometime in the night. His only comfort was knowing that she died saving her child, and his promise to her would never be broken.
Fearing that the guards might arrive at any moment, Draig gently picked up the blanket that Megan and the baby were wrapped in, and gently carried it out into the woods not far from the mine. Then he set the child on the ground and buried Megan in an unmarked grave. He didn’t know what the custom was for humans that had passed, so he said a dragon prayer for her, and then pawed the ground out of respect.
When he heard a twig snapping in the distance he knew the guards were after him, so he quickly picked up the child and took flight. It was the first time in almost a year that he had felt the sun’s warm glow on his outstretched wings. Every scale glistened in the light of freedom, and he never looked back.
When the child started to stir, Draig was afraid he might not survive the long journey back to Snowdon. So he headed towards the coast where he knew the Water Dragons were nursing their young in the caves along the shore.
“Fire Dragons are not allowed in here,” a female Water Dragon scolded when he landed on the beach.
“I am looking for Lira. It’s urgent that I speak to her.”
“Wait here and I’ll send her out.”
“Draig? Is that you?” Lira asked in a surprised tone before flying over to him.
“I am sorry I have been away for so long,” Draig replied as Lira nuzzled him affectionately.
“That’s okay, I’m so happy that you’re here.”
“I need your help,” Draig admitted as he kept the blanket hidden under his wing.
“Of course, how can I help?” Lira replied with a look of concern.
“Is there somewhere we can go and talk in private?” Draig asked when he noticed the reflective orbs of a water dragon he didn’t know.
“Yes, follow me,” Lira replied as she flew over to a small beach hidden from view.
“This place looks familiar,” Draig remarked after landing beside her.
“This is where you and I used to come and play when we were young.”
“That’s right. I remember it now. You used to chase me around with seaweed and splash me with water.”
“And you used to melt my sand sculptures with your fire.”
“Those were some of the best days of my life, and I think our parents were afraid that we might go off together.”
“Yeah, it’s a stupid rule that Fire Dragons and Water Dragons can’t be mates,” Lira sighed.
“I know, I should have ignored it…” Draig admitted.
“So what do you need help with?” Lira asked.
“I have an orphan that needs to be nursed.”
“Oh, that’s no big deal. I am already nursing two young dragons of my own. A third one would be easy for a pro like me.”
“I’m sure it would be… except it’s not a dragon…” Draig admitted with a nervous look.
“Then what is it? A wolf pup?” Lira asked as she strained her neck to try and see what he was holding. “Come on Draig, show me… I know you have a soft spot for wolves.” 
“Promise me that you won’t freak out until I have a chance to explain this one.”
“You’re being silly, just show me the little critter already,” Lira snorted impatiently.
“Okay…” Draig replied as he reluctantly pulled back a corner of the blanket so Lira could see the child.
“Draig, you have to return that at once!”
“I can’t, I swore an oath to protect him.”
“To a human! Are you insane?”
“I know how it looks, but when I tell you what happened, you’ll understand.”
“I can’t wait to hear this!” Lira snorted in disgust.
“It all started when I was captured and imprisoned by some humans living in Cothi.”
“Un huh,” Lira replied as she lowered her head to sniff the child, and when he felt her warm breath, he instinctively reached up with his tiny hands and touched her muzzle. In that instant, Lira felt a connection to him, and her demeanor suddenly changed.
“Then they forced me to work at their mine, and while I was there I befriended a slave girl named Megan. She was kind and sweet, and without her I would have never escaped. In return for her kindness, I swore an oath to protect her child. Unfortunately, she passed after he was born…. I know it’s a lot to ask, but will you help me?” Lira looked at the baby for a moment, and then nodded her head.
“Thank you so much,” Draig replied as he leaned in and nuzzled her to show his appreciation.
“You are awfully kind for a Fire Dragon.”
“Hey, I am feared throughout the Celtic Realm.”
“We’ll see how long that title holds up when your clan finds out you’re a daddy, to a human no less.”
“Hey, I’m not his daddy! I’m just taking care of him until he is weaned. Then I’ll find a nice shepherd family to take him in.”
“Are you sure you’re not the daddy? He has your eyes,” Lira snickered.
“His eyes are hazel and mine are red!”
“I don’t know… I see a hint of red.”
“Hum… it must be the light,” Draig muttered under his breath as he gazed at the little one.
“In either case, how can I resist teasing you when you come to me with a baby of all things?”
“Don’t worry, I’ll take him to Snowdon as soon as he is weaned.”
“That’s not a good idea, your brother has taken your place on the council, and you know how much he hates humans. If you show up with this child, he’s going to try and kill him and then brand you a traitor. Fire Dragons are at war with the humans after all.”
“I was afraid of that,” Draig sighed.
“It’s fine, you and your baby can stay here.”
“He’s not my baby…he’s my responsibility,” Draig grumbled.
“I hate to tell you this, but he’s your kin, because your oath is all he has left in this world.”
“You’re right, and he deserves far more than just my protection,” Draig admitted as he thought about how dear Megan was to him.
“You really cared about her, didn’t you?”
“Yes, she was my friend,” Draig replied.
“Well, you’re going to need a place to stay,” Lira remarked as she glanced around for a moment. How about the cave on the cliffs behind us, it has been abandoned for years.”
“That would be great, but what do I do when he cries, the other Water Dragons are going to hear it?”
“Let me speak to them and see if I can appeal to their maternal instincts. With any luck, they will be more curious than angry with me for letting you stay here.”
“If there is anything I can do in return for your help, just ask,” Draig offered.
“I know my fledglings would love to see you again.”
“I bet they have grown,” Draig replied as he thought about the last time he had seen them.
“They have, but you have to promise me that once you leave, you will come visit them on a regular basis. The last time you left, they sulked around for weeks.”
“That’s seem fair, and I bet they have calmed down since the last time I was here.”
“Not so much… they still have endless amounts of energy and find new and exciting ways to get into trouble.”
“So, they’re going to splash me and insist I go swimming with them in the icy cold water?”
“Yep… and since they don’t have a male role model in their lives, I was thinking a big tough Fire Dragon like yourself could teach them some things,” Lira added.
“I see,” Draig replied as he narrowed his eyes.
“I know it’s a lot to ask of you, but…” Lira paused as she looked down at the child cradled in his arms, and then back up at Draig to make her point.
“Fine, I’ll float around in the freezing cold water while your little ones cover me in seaweed, and make me eat whatever disgusting things wash up on the beach,” Draig agreed as he cringed at the thought of it.
“Great, it seems like you already know what you’re in for,” Lira snickered.
“You do know how much Fire Dragons hate the water?”
“I do, and that’s why they love to get you wet.”
“All kidding aside, I really do appreciate your help, and I’m happy to spend time with Splash and Bay.”
When Lira saw the child reaching for her, she took him from Draig and held him.
“If you need to check with your clan, I can watch him until you get back,” Lira offered.
“You don’t mind?”
“No, you need to let your clan know you are safe.”
“Thank you, Lira. I will return as quickly as I can.”
After Draig took to the air, Lira went into the cave and nursed him. When he was full, she held him in her claws and gently rocked him back and forth.
“Don’t you worry, your daddy will be back soon,” she whispered.
As Draig flew over the lowlands towards Snowdon, he spotted Sapphire laying on the ground beside a stream. When he called out her name, she didn’t respond, so he circled back around.
“Sapphire!” he called out again even louder. When she still didn’t move, he folded back his wings and dove towards her as fast as he could.
“Sapphire, are you alright?” he asked in a panicked voice after landing next to her.
“I... I was attacked,” she sputtered. Draig immediately turned her on her side, and then gasped when he saw a broken spear tip embedded deep into her flesh.
“You’re going to be okay. I’ll take you to Snowdon and I’ll tend to your wound.”
“Not Snowdon… it’s… it’s not safe…” Sapphire gasped before passing out from having lost so much blood. Draig immediately grabbed her in his claws and took to the air. Snowdon was much closer to where they were than the coast, but he turned west for it anyway.
As he flew along, the muscles in his wings burned from fatigue as he carried her limp body as fast as he could. It would have been an impossible feat had he not spent so many hours pulling a millstone at the mine. Any Fire Dragon could lift and carry another dragon a few miles, but the coast was over twenty times that far. By the time he reached the cave where Lira was at, his wings had gone numb and he nearly crashed as he landed.
“What happened?” Lira asked when she saw that Sapphire was unconscious.
“She’s been lanced by a spear and lost a lot of blood,” Draig replied in a frantic voice.
“Wait here, I’ll be right back.”
A moment later Lira returned with a clump of wood pulp she had soaked in water and some sea kelp.
“What do you want me to do?” Draig asked as he gently caressed Sapphire’s neck.
“You have to pull the spear tip out or she’ll die from infection.” Draig grabbed hold of the broken shaft and yanked it out in one quick motion. When Sapphire didn’t cry out, or even flinch, he knew she was closer to death that she was to life.
“Now squeeze the pulp so she gets some water while I wrap her wound with the kelp to stop the bleeding.”
“She isn’t swallowing it,” Draig snorted on the verge of panicking.
“Tilt her head back and pull her tongue out of the way with your claw, then rub her throat and she will swallow it even if she’s not awake,” Lira instructed. Draig nodded and then gently trickled the water into her mouth while rubbing her neck so she would swallow it.
“What’s next?” Draig asked.
“Then there is nothing more we can do except wait and see if she comes back to us.”
“Do you think she will?” Draig asked as he struggled to maintain his composure after losing Megan, and face the possibility that Sapphire might be headed for the same fate.
“I don’t know. The spear pierced her lung…if she makes it, it will be a miracle,” Lira admitted.
“How do you know so much about caring for wounds like this?” Draig asked as he tried not to think about losing her.
“There are dangerous rock formations in the depths, so every Water Dragon is taught early on how to care for their injuries.”
“You never cease to amaze me,” Draig admitted. “I only wish I knew who was responsible, so I could tear them from limb-to- limb.”
“If you want to go after them, the sooner you leave the better your odds are of tracking them down.”
“Are you sure? I hate to leave you with so much to do,” Draig replied in a reluctant tone.
“It’s the least I can do for you and Sapphire. Now go kill the savage that hurt her before they get away,” Lira snarled.
“Alright, I’ll be back before dark,” Draig replied as he bolted out of the cave. Despite being exhausted, his rage fueled his mighty wings, and he headed straight back to the stream where he had found Sapphire. He knew that if he could locate the assailants scents, it would lead him to them, and fire would be their reward.
When Draig reached the stream, he landed on the ground and started sniffing feverishly. Much to his surprise, not even a whiff of the warm-bloods remained. So he broadened his search until he came upon the broken shaft of a spear. Enraged with anger, he grabbed it with his claw and held it up to his nostrils. The only two scents he could identify were sheep’s blood and fish. It was an odd combination of odors, but he knew there was a sheepherder’s ranch to the south, so he took to the air.
“Papa! There’s a dragon in our pasture!” a young boy yelled to his father the instant Draig landed.
“Stay away from it! I’ll be right there…” a man yelled from inside a dilapidated shack serving as their home. Draig sniffed the air once the man was close enough to be scented, but all he detected was the faint odor of sheep dung and sweat.
“What does he want?” the boy whispered to his father.
“I don’t know, but I can’t afford to lose anymore sheep.”
“What did you just say?” Draig asked in a gruff tone.
“I… I can’t afford to lose any more sheep,” the man stuttered having never heard a dragon speak before.
“Papa, I didn’t know dragons could talk.”
“Neither did I,” the man admitted as he stared at Draig in disbelief.
“Of course I can talk,” Draig snorted. “The only reason you don’t know that about us is because we have lost faith in you.”
“Then why are you here?” the man asked in an indignant tone.
“My friend was attacked not far from your ranch, and I believe the savages that did it passed this way?”
“No one has been here in weeks.”
“Then who took the sheep that you just spoke of?” Draig asked with a snarl when he thought the man was trying to deceive him.
“A dragon, and it’s the third time in a month.”
“Have you any proof?” Draig asked in a more civil tone.
“Yes, my son found a scale stuck in the mud next to some tracks that match your own,” the man replied. Before Draig could even respond, the boy pulled the scale out of his pocket, and ran over to show it to Draig.
“Marcus, no!” his father yelled, fearing for his sons life. When Draig saw the terrified look on his face, he lowered his head and then took a few steps back in order to seem less threatening.
“I am not here to harm you or your family,” Draig promised as the boy ignored his father’s pleas and walked right up to him.
“Okay, now let the nice dragon have the scale, and come back over here,” his father instructed in a gentle yet firm tone. Draig took the scale and sniffed it for a moment while the boy stared at him with a look of wonder and amazement in his soft blue eyes.
“Marcus, come here!” his father ordered in a firm voice. Marcus patted Draig on the leg and then skipped back over to his dad, completely unaware that he had nearly given him a heart attack.
“Papa, I touched a dragon!” the boy exclaimed with delight.
“I know, and you must never do that again.”
“Why not? He is nice, and I like him.”
“Not all dragons are as nice as this one,” the man replied. 
“That is true,” Draig admitted. The dragon that lost this scale is not to be trusted, and you must never go near him or any other dragon that is by his side. If he comes back, let him take what he wants.”
“I have paid what I owe for this land, and now you are telling me to let him take more of my sheep?”
“I will deal with him once I know the truth. In either case, I will see that you are compensated before winter comes. All that I ask is that you tell no one that I was here, or that we spoke.”
“Don’t worry, I will not be made a fool by telling people that a talking dragon came to my home.”
“I appreciate that, and I will return with something of value for your discretion,” Draig promised before he took to the air.
“Papa, will the dragon come back?” the boy asked after he was gone from sight.
“I don’t know?  He seemed honorable, but what do I know… I didn’t even know they could talk…”
“I did,” his son smiled. “I saw it in a dream when my brother came to live with us.”
“You silly boy, you don’t even have a brother,” his dad laughed as they headed back into the house.
As Draig headed back towards the coast, he couldn’t believe his brother was responsible for the attack on Sapphire. He knew they didn’t like each other, but a betrayal of this magnitude would only get him bled out on the stone of punishment. His scale may have proven that he was taking more sheep than he was entitled to, but there had to be another explanation for the match between the spear handle and the scale which both smelled of fish and sheep’s blood.
“Draig, don’t go in there!” Lira warned when she saw him flying towards the cave at a high rate of speed.
“Why? Am I too late?” he asked, fearing that she might have passed while he was gone.
“No, she’s resting and I didn’t want you to rush in there and wake them.”
“Them?” Draig remarked.
“The baby fell asleep next to her.”
“Oh sorry, I’ll be quiet,” Draig whispered as he folded back his wings before heading inside.
“Did you find the human that attacked her?” Lira asked.
“No, but I think my brother Ironclaw is involved somehow,” Draig replied.
“Ironclaw, I don’t understand?
“My brother likes to make others look guilty for his ill deeds and this attack might be his doing.”
“What makes you think that?”
“I found the shaft from the spear not far from where I found Sapphire, and it doesn’t have a trace of human odor on it. Not only that, it smells of fish and sheep’s blood which just so happens to match one of the scales from my brother’s tail,” Draig said as he held them both out in his claw so Lira could sniff them.
“That is odd, I understand the sheep’s blood, but what about the fish smell? Fire Dragons don’t eat fish unless they have to,” Lira questioned.
“That’s true, we prefer game animals over fish, except for my brother and his lazy friends. They feed on fish from the lake below Snowdon year-round.”
“If Ironclaw is responsible, what are you going to do?” Lira asked.
“I don’t know. I can’t prove anything unless Sapphire saw him do it, and even then, there may be an explanation for what happened.”
“Ironclaw would never give you the benefit of the doubt if it were your head on the stone of punishment.”
“Perhaps, but I need proof before I can condemn him.
“You are the most honorable dragon that I know,” Lira remarked as she nuzzled Draig.
“I only wish I could do more for Sapphire…” Draig sighed.
“What do you know about healers?” Lira asked out of the blue.
“I know they are real, but there hasn’t been a healer for countless generations.”
“It has actually been much longer than that, but they seem to come in times of need.”
“Is Sapphire going to die without one?” Draig asked as his heart sank inside his chest.
“Yes, she would not have made it without one,” Lira replied as she lifted the kelp so he could see her injured side.
“What have you done?” he gasped in disbelief when he saw her wound was almost completely healed.
“It wasn’t me,” Lira insisted as she looked down at the baby who was curled up next to her.
“That’s’ impossible, only a dragon has ever been gifted with the power to heal, and even then it’s so rare we only know of it from our lore.”
“I know, but when I try and move him away from her, he cries, and she gets worse. I have never seen anything like it,” Lira admitted.
“How can one so little have such great power?”
“I don’t know, and what’s even more amazing is that the gift is only present in the descendants of healers. Could one of his parents been a healer for the humans?”
“No, his father was a miner who died in an accident, and his mother was a slave. I am certain that neither of them was a healer.”
“Perhaps it was further back in his bloodline?”
“I knew his mother well, and she never spoke of anyone in her family or his father’s having such a gift.”
“When you swore to protect her child, you didn’t seal that promise in blood, did you?”
“Entrusting me with her child was the most important decision she had ever made, so yes, I sealed the oath with my blood.”
“Then the child also has traces of dragon’s blood in his veins,” Lira insisted.
“Even if that is true, we both know that I am not a healer of dragons, so how could he be one?”
“You might not be a healer, but you are the descendant of one if I am not mistaken.”
“My bloodline has not produced a healer since before the time of the Romans, and his power was very limited.”
“Draig, no one knows what combination of events must come together to create a healer, but I’m telling you, this child is one,” Lira insisted.
“Why would a human be given the power to heal dragons when we are at war with them? It makes no sense?”
“I don’t know…” Lira admitted.
Chapter 5
After several days, Sapphire yawned and opened her eyes.
“Lira?” she asked as her deep blue eyes slowly adjusted to the dim light inside the cave.
“Hey, you’re awake,” Lira remarked as she quickly covered the child with the blanket so Sapphire would not see him. “How are you feeling?”
“A bit groggy, but other than that I feel fine.”
“Do you remember what happened to you?”
“I… I was struck by a spear,” Sapphire replied as she glanced down at her side as if expecting to see a nasty wound.
“Do you know who did it, or why?” Lira asked.
“Yeah! Sapphire snarled as a flood of memories came rushing back to her all at once. “Ironclaw and Talon attacked me!”
“That’s what Draig was afraid of,” Lira remarked.
“What? He’s alive?” Sapphire snorted as her eyes lit up with hope.
“Yeah… why would you think he wasn’t?”
“Because his brother told me he was shot down and killed when they went to Cothi.”
“What a liar, but he has always been dishonest.”
“Well, now I know why he tried to kill me, he wanted to make sure I didn’t go looking for Draig and discover the truth.”
“Yeah that makes sense. Well I should probably go see where Draig is, and let him know you’re awake.”
“Wait! You have to tell me where he’s been all this time, and why didn’t he come back to Snowdon?”
“Well… he was taken captive and forced to work at a mine down in Cothi, which is probably where Ironclaw got the idea for his story. He only escaped a few days ago, and he came here to…. rest before heading all the way back to Snowdon.”
“That’s odd, he could have flown that in a few hours,” Sapphire interrupted.
“I am sure he would have if the circumstances had not been what they were,” Lira added as she tried to keep the blanket with the baby in it hidden under her wing. “After he had some rest, he left for Snowdon, and that’s when he spotted you near a stream. Then he brought you back here so I could tend to your wounds. While you were recovering, he went out looking for clues and they implicated his brother. So he already knows Ironclaw was involved, but he didn’t know why.”
“Well, when I tell him that sniveling weasel and his sidekick tried to kill me to hide the truth, he’s going to make sure they are bled out on the stone of punishment!” Sapphire snorted in anger.
“I should probably see what’s keeping him, I know he wants to see you now that you’re awake,” Lira remarked when she felt the child stirring.
“What are you holding?” Sapphire asked when a corner of the blanket popped open.
“Oh, it’s just some rags that washed up on the beach.”
“Something is moving inside it?”
“Umm…I think I hear Draig.”
“Lira, I thought we were friends… what are you hiding from me?”
“While Draig was a captive at the mine, he befriended a slave girl and he promised to take care of her child if she helped him escape.”
“That’s preposterous, a dragon would never make a promise like that,” Sapphire scoffed.
“I didn’t think he was serious either…” Lira replied as she pulled the blanket open with her claw.
“I don’t know where you got that thing, but you need to take it back to its human right this instant!”
“I can’t, Draig swore that he would take care of him, and he sealed it with his blood.”
“Give him to me, and I’ll rid you of this silliness,” Sapphire snarled as she reached for the blanket with her claw.
“Don’t touch him!” Draig roared from the cave’s entrance. “He’s under my protection.”
“Draig? You’re alive? I’m so happy to see you!”
“And I can’t tell you how relieved I am that you recovered,” Draig admitted as he rushed over to nuzzle her.
“I thought Lira had taken ill, and was making all of this up”
“She’s been helping me care for the child.”
“Where is his mother?”
“She passed on shortly after he was born.”
“Oh, I am sorry to hear that,” Sapphire replied when she saw the look of sorrow in his eyes.
“So am I.”
“What are you going to do with him?” Sapphire asked with a look of reservation.
“I will try and find him a home after he is weaned.”
“With his own kind I assume.”
“Yes, but before you dismiss him as nothing more than a nuisance, you might be surprised to learn that he’s a healer… of dragons.”
“What?” Sapphire snorted in disbelief.
“Remove the kelp from your side, and tell me what you see.”
“That’s impossible,” Sapphire gasped when she saw that her wound was healed.
“I don’t know if you realize how badly you were injured, but this child brought you back from the edge of darkness.”
“Then I owe him my life, and you and Lira, a sincere  apology.”
“It’s all right, I would not have believed it myself, had I not seen it with my own eyes,” Draig admitted.
“Nor would I,” Lira remarked. “How one so small could wield such power, goes beyond belief.”
“Yeah… that’s very interesting,” Sapphire added with a suspicious look in her eye.
“Now that you are better, can you tell me what happened to you?”
“Your brother and his pathetic friend Talon attacked me after I questioned them about your disappearance. He also lied and said you were killed by the humans living near Cothi.”
“That explains why I never saw another dragon come near the place.”
“Yeah, had I known, I would have come for you,” Sapphire admitted as she nudged him with her tail.
“I knew my brother liked to kill humans, but other dragons? What’s wrong with him?”
“I am afraid it’s worse than you think, things have drastically changed since you’ve been gone. The elders gave your place on the council to your brother and he has used it to corrupt them and push out all the other dragons who opposed him. I was the only one who voted against the war.”
“We should go to Snowdon and take this matter up with the dragon council once you are well enough to fly,” Draig suggested.
“I am completely healed, so we can go anytime,” Sapphire remarked as she looked at the infant who was quietly resting in Lira’s claws. 
“Are you sure?”
“Yes, but before we go, there is something else you should know about Ironclaw…  not only has he taken your place on the dragon council, the elders are letting him control every aspect of the war, from planning the attacks all the way down to who will lead them.”
“Why in the name of Nidhogg, would they let him to do that?”
“They knew your brother had been secretly attacking the humans with some measure of success, making it seem like he would be the perfect dragon to lead the rebellion,” Sapphire admitted.
“I can’t believe how bad things have gotten while I was away.”
“I know. Ironclaw has fooled them all, and the sooner we can get back to Snowdon, the sooner we can toss his scaly butt out of the clan.”
“Oh, I’m going to do a whole lot more than that,” Draig snarled. But his anger quickly subsided when he looked over at the child, and remembered his promise.
“Draig, it’s alright, I’ll take care of him while you are gone,” Lira offered.
“Are you sure?”
“Of course, you need to dethrone your brother and put an end to the war before it spreads any further.”
“I owe you again,”
“Don’t worry, I’m keeping track,” Lira replied as she leaned in and nuzzled him.
“Thank you… we’ll be back in a few days,” Draig promised as he followed Sapphire out of the cave.
Once they were airborne, Draig flew alongside Sapphire as they headed towards Snowdon.
“Can I help you?” Sapphire asked when she noticed he kept looking over at her every so often.
“Sorry, I just can’t believe you have been healed, and here we are back together again.”
“I missed you too,” Sapphire replied.
“I hope you are not too disappointed in me. You know, for taking in an orphan.”
“Whatever your reason I will never question it. You made a pact with a human and her child turned out to be a healer. You saved him, and he saved me. If that’s not meant to be, then what is?” Sapphire admitted with a look of hesitation in her deep blue eyes.
“If that’s not what is bothering you, then what is?”
“A passage from the cave of secrets,” Sapphire admitted. “If the child is the healer of prophecy, then a great calamity awaits us.”
“What do you mean?”
“The cave of secrets got that name because the elders clawed away any passage on its walls that spoke of a healer.”
“Why would they do that?”
“Because they knew that when this healer arrived, it would bring about a great calamity that would divide the Fire Dragons and lead to our downfall. What’s more, the passage said the healer would be born of flesh and fire. The child you have sworn to protect was born of the flesh of a human and may carry in his veins the blood of a fire dragon. If the elders discover that the child is a healer, they will stop at nothing to kill him, in the hopes they can stop the prophecy from coming true.”
“Now you’re scaring me…” Draig admitted. “It’s hard enough to accept that he is a healer of dragons, but ‘the healer’ of prophecy… this is not good… not good at all.”
“I know, and that’s why we need to stop your brother, and this war… it is all part of the prophecy.”
“How come I was never told about this prophecy, I was on the council for years?”
“The elders that knew of them, sworn an oath to hide the truth and keep watch for the healer. The reason you and I were never told, was because they knew we would try and stop them from killing him. The only reason I know about all of this is because I snuck into the cave when I was little, and read the prophecy before it was clawed away.”
“Why didn’t you tell me about this before now?” Draig snorted.
“I didn’t believe in the prophecies… until now,” Sapphire admitted as she looked down at her side.
“Does anyone else know about the prophecies beside you and the elders who destroyed them?”
“The Pigmy Dragons know of the prophecy, and they believe a descendant of the healer will unite them in a new land. They call this healer draconis veneficus, the dragon wizard.”
“So they do not fear the one with power?” Draig remarked as he thought about the child.
“No, but the prophecy does not predict their downfall, only ours,” Sapphire admitted.
“So by keeping my oath and protecting the child, I bring about our demise?” Draig snorted as the scales on his back stiffened.
“I don’t know if anyone can stop a prophecy from being fulfilled, and in any case, we are already at war because of your brother.”
“Well, the elders were right to not trust me with this, because I will honor my oath to Megan or die trying.”
“You are the most honorable dragon I have ever known,” Sapphire admitted as she bumped him with her wing tip.
“It looks like they might be heading towards Snowdon,” Draig remarked when he saw a battalion of humans clad in armor marching along.
“Yeah, things are spiraling out of control,” Sapphire added as they flew towards its towering peak.
When they landed at Snowdon, several of the elders came over to greet them, but they seemed rather reticent.
“Are you surprised to see me?” Draig asked after the lukewarm reception.
“Where have you been all this time?” one of the elders asked as he eyed Draig suspiciously.
“It’s a long story, but before I get into it, can you tell me if my brother and Talon are around?”
“Yes, they are down near the lake drafting up the battle plan for tonight’s attack,” the elder replied in an uneasy tone.
“I want the two of them arrested immediately, and then call the council to order!” Draig commanded.
“Under whose authority?” the elder questioned.
“Mine, I’m reclaiming my seat on the council and I’m ordering you to arrest Ironclaw and Talon on the grounds of attempted dragoncide,” Draig growled in an angry tone when he realized the elder wasn’t taking him seriously.
“We shall see about that,” the elder remarked before flying off.
When the elder returned with several more members of the dragon council instead of his brother, he knew something was up.
“Where’s my brother and that half-wit Talon?” Draig roared in anger.
“They will be here in a minute,” the elder replied as he motioned for the council members to surround Draig and Sapphire.
“What are you doing?” Draig snapped, when he realized they were boxing them in.
“You and Sapphire are under arrest. Do not resist, or I will order them to kill you.”
“This is absurd!” Draig snarled in protest, bareley able to control his rage.
“Your brother Ironclaw and Talon have evidence that you and Sapphire have been conspiring with the humans, and you stand accused of treason,” the elder snarled in return.
“That is ridiculous! You have been duped by a liar and his fool!”
“No, you are the one who has played us the fool,” the elder replied as he waited for Ironclaw and Talon to come up from the lake. 
“Oh goodie, the prodigal son has returned,” Ironclaw sneered as he landed behind the elders.
“You are a disgrace to this clan!” Draig snarled as slobber spewed from his mouth.
“Brother, you and the blue devil should have never come back, but since you have I’ll see that you are rewarded for your treasonous acts,” Ironclaw snickered as he looked at Sapphire with a smug look on his scaly face.
“Your lies won’t be enough to convict us,” Sapphire snorted in anger.
“We’ll see about that,” Ironclaw replied as he motioned to have them taken to the stone of punishment. Draig and Sapphire immediately dug their claws into the rocky soil, but the elders dragged them along. They could have tried to fight back, but they knew they would be killed even before they had a chance to dispute the claims laid against them.
“Even if your deception condemns us, you can’t execute us until dies Saturni,” Sapphire argued as one of the elders tied her and Draig to the stone with eel skin rope.
“Not to worry your royal blueness, we’ll make an exception for you and your mate,” Ironclaw replied with a toothy grin.
“Are you listening to him?” Draig interrupted. “He bosses you around, and makes up the rules as he goes. Have you made him the king of dragons? Because that’s what I see,” Draig snorted as he looked around at the elders, many of which he thought were his friends.
“We are winning the war against the humans and that’s what matters to us,” one of the dragons replied in Ironclaw’s defense.
“Even if that is true, more soldiers are coming, and every dragon that falls in battle is irreplaceable, for they are many, and we are few.”
“Of course you are siding with the humans, exaggerating their numbers and their skill,” Ironclaw snarled. “You and the blue devil are cowards, and would have us turn our tails and run. I’m not giving the humans our homeland, and we’ll kill every last one of them if that’s what it takes to keep what is rightfully ours!”
“I am not exaggerating! More are coming and they have perfected their steel so our scales are not enough to protect us,” Draig warned.
“I have heard enough, let’s start the trial so the elders can decide who is telling the truth, and who is the lover of humans,” Ironclaw declared.
“Go ahead and ask your questions little brother, I don’t fear your lies, but you should fear my truth for it is coming for you.”
“Threats and lies from a traitor… why don’t you tell the council where you have been for the past eight months.”
“I was taken captive by the humans, and forced to work at the gold mine in Cothi.”
“Why did the humans let you go?”
“They didn’t just let me go. A slave girl who also worked at the mine took pity on me, and set me free.”
“You expect us to believe a human took pity on a poor little dragon like you, and then risked her life so you could go free? Or perhaps the humans let you go because you are their pet, and they sent you here to try and stop us?”
“That’s a lie and you know it!” Draig snarled and flicked his tail in rage.
“What about you princess, you’re looking rather fit,” Ironclaw remarked when he couldn’t see where the spear had struck her.
“Was that a question, or are you just in love with me?” Sapphire replied with a snarl.
“I just want to know where you have been hiding these past few days?”
“I’ve been recovering from your and Talon’s assassination attempt, you scaleless worm!”
“Funny, I don’t see any claw marks or bite wounds on your pretty little scales?”
“That’s because you speared me so you could blame it on the humans!” Sapphire snorted in frustration.
“Really! Why don’t you show us some proof, or did you use your magic to heal your wound?” Ironclaw snickered, knowing that if she was accused of sorcery, she could be tried for that as well.
“I heal quickly,” Sapphire replied when she realized she had fallen for his trap.
“So you claim that I speared you just a few days ago, yet there isn’t a scratch on you?”
“I’m telling the truth!” Sapphire snorted as she clawed the ground in disgust.
“I don’t think so... you and Draig are trying to blame Talon and me for an attack that clearly never happened. Draig already admitted that the humans let him go, and we all know they would never do that unless he agreed to help them. Sapphire’s outrageous claim is a sham, and she’s using it to cover up Draig’s betrayal of us all. I would like to point out that as his accomplice, she is also guilty of treason and subject to the same punishment that he is, death!” Ironclaw insisted.
“Before we pass judgement, each of them has the right to speak on their own behalf,” Paragon interrupted.
“Fine, let the blue devil and my treasonous brother have their say,” Ironclaw snorted in disgust.
“Sapphire, you may go first.”
“I swear to all of you that Ironclaw and Talon tried to silence me because I questioned them about Draig’s disappearance. I may not be able to prove it, but Draig was betrayed by his own brother, and was left in Cothi to die so he could take his place on the council. I also know that Draig is telling the truth, he befriended a slave and she helped him escape. You are right, he has come back to Snowdon to stop his brother… but not because he has betrayed you, but because he wants to stop a war that we cannot win!”
“Do you have any proof to back up your claims?” Paragon asked.
“Is my oath of truth not enough?” Sapphire exclaimed.
“What about you Draig? Do you have any proof that can show us that you are innocent of these charges?”
“Like Sapphire, I have my word of honor, as for proof, I have none, but what proof does my brother offer to show we are guilty? A tale that seems real only because it’s easier to believe it, than admit he has fooled you?”
“That’s your defense?” Ironclaw snorted. “Next you will be telling us that the humans are our friends, and they only came here to pick a few flowers, raise a couple of sheep, and then they will be on their way. Come on Draig, open your eyes… there is not a single dragon on this mountain that believes they will leave unless we force them too. Worse yet, innocent blood has already been spilt.”
“The only innocent blood that has been spilt is on your claws!” Draig roared in anger.
“Ironclaw, do you have anything else you would like to add before we pass judgment?” Paragon asked in a reluctant tone.
“I have Talon as my witness and Razorwing would have also testified we are blameless had he not been slain by a blade forged by my brother’s betrayal.”
“Talon, are the accusations against you and Ironclaw untrue?”
“Yes, I swear they are. We never touched the blue devil, and their accusations are only meant to distract us from the truth. They both are traitors, working against us while they serve their human master,” Talon insisted as he gulped down his pack of lies.
“Alright, we have heard the testimony from both sides, now it’s time for us to adjourn and decide on the verdict. When we reach it, we will either set the accused free, or wet the stone of punishment with their blood.”
Once the elders were gone, Sapphire tugged at the eel skin rope that bound them to the stone.
“There is a reason they use eel skin,” Draig whispered, “Not only is the slimy stuff fireproof, it’s incredibly tough.”
“You are stronger than any dragon I know, see if you can break it,” Sapphire suggested in a hopeful tone. I already tried, and I can’t,” Draig apologized.
“Do you think we should have told them about the spear shaft, or the scale that you found at the shepherd’s ranch?”
“All those things only prove that my brother was in the area, but it doesn’t prove that he or Talon attacked you.”
“But his scent was on the spear shaft, surely that would help prove we are telling the truth.”
“The power that healed you also removed any trace that you were actually attacked by them.”
“Perhaps Lira would testify on our behalf, we could ask that she be summoned as part of our defense,” Sapphire suggested.
“I am sure she would be happy to back up our stories, but I cannot ask her to testify on my behalf because it would expose the child whom I have sworn to protect. If you want her to come and testify on your behalf, you should, because you don’t deserve to die because of me or my oath,” Draig insisted.
“Ironclaw has the elders eating out of his claw…bringing up Lira would only put her and the child at risk, and we know Ironclaw has no reservations about killing humans, or dragons for that matter.”
“I am so sorry I dragged you into this mess, I have condemned us both, and I never even had the chance to tell you that I love you,” Draig admitted before lowering his head in defeat.
“I love you too, and you must not blame yourself for what has happened. Your brother is a vile creature, and one day he will get what’s coming to him. If anything, we should be happy that fate has brought us together, and if this is where we shall breathe our last breath, I can think of no other dragon I would want to share that with,” Sapphire whispered as she leaned her head against his chest so she could hear his gentle heartbeat.
“Sad news brother. The elders have found you and the blue devil guilty of treason,” Ironclaw snorted as he landed by the stone of punishment and pranced around them for a moment to celebrate his victory.
“Your heart is as black as your scales,” Sapphire snorted in disgust.
“Oh, you have no idea,” Ironclaw replied as he stopped in front of her. “I’m going to bleed you out first, that way my brother can watch you die a slow and painful death, while being powerless to stop me.”
“The law requires that executions to be quick and merciful!” Draig roared, while pulling at the eel skin with all of his might.
“Brother, you have been gone a long time. The old ways have been forgotten, just as you shall be when this day reaches its end.”
“There is still time to stop this madness and admit your crimes… I promise I will show you mercy.”
“My only crime was not killing you after you crash-landed near Cothi, but lucky for me, I have been given a second chance…”
“You knew I was there?” Draig growled.
“Of course,” Ironclaw replied as he leaned in so he could whisper in his ear. “I was the one who dropped the net on you, and I used your ‘death’ to further my cause.”
“I will wait for you in the underworld,” Draig snarled and snapped at the air just inches from his brother’s muzzle.
“You don’t scare me,” Ironclaw snapped. Then he turned to Sapphire and grabbed her by the throat.
“Any last request?” he snickered as he started to dig his claws into her scales.
“Look behind you,” she muttered in a grabbled voice. Ironclaw sneered at her warning, and then out of the blue an arrow struck the ground behind him. When he turned to see what was going on, a battalion of soldiers was running towards him.
“I’ll let the humans seal your fate,” Ironclaw snarled as another arrow whizzed past his head, prompting him to let go of her.
Within minutes the hillside erupted in flames as the dragons tried to repel the advance. When the dragons realized their arrows were made from hardened steel, they scattered in all directions, leaving Sapphire and Draig on the stone of punishment.
“What do we have here?” the leader remarked as he and his men encircled the stone of punishment.
“Looks like a sacrifice,” one of his men replied.
“Or an offering for us,” Cadwallon pondered as he drew his sword, intent on killing them.
“Wait! I know that dragon!” a soldier cried out as he came running over from the edge of the overlook.
“How could you possibly know him?” Cadwallon grumbled as he lowered his sword for a moment.
“He worked at the gold mine in Cothi,” Uther replied.
“Then you may have the honor of killing him,” Cadwallon smiled.
“No, he deserves to be set free!”
“What? Are you deranged? He will kill us, if we don’t kill him first,” Cadwallon replied in a sharp tone.
“No he won’t. This dragon is not like the others, he is kind and merciful.”
“Now I know you are pulling my leg,” Cadwallon laughed as he raised his sword, but before he could strike, Uther stepped in front of him.
“Move, or I’ll have your head!” Cadwallon warned. Uther begrudgingly stepped aside, but Cadwallon did not strike him or the dragon. “Wait a minute… I want to hear the rest of this story, it sounds amusing.”
“This dragon is not a savage like the others… I know this because I saw him pray over a slave girl that died in childbirth.”
“What are you talking about?”
“They were friends, and when she passed, he buried her and said a prayer for her.”
“You fool, dragons can’t talk, and they aren’t our friends,” Cadwallon laughed.
“This one can, and he was the only friend the slave girl had,” Uther insisted.
“I don’t hear him saying anything,” Cadwallon chuckled as he tapped his sword against the stone beneath his feet.
“I don’t think they are supposed to talk to us, at least not until they know we won’t hurt them.”
“Well then, you have already lost this argument.”
“I’ll wager you one gold solidus that I can get him to talk, but if I win, he and his companion go free.”
“I’ll take that bet,” Cadwallon laughed as he stepped back so everyone could watch Uther make a fool of himself.
“Dragon, I know you can talk, and I promise you that Uther is a man of his word. He will let you go, if you reveal your secret.” Draig looked over at Sapphire and she nodded.
“Fine, I can talk,” Draig admitted in a low voice.
“The demon speaks, we must kill it!” a soldier yelled out from the crowd.
“No, I gave my word,” Cadwallon sighed in disbelief. “But before I set you free, I want some answers… First off why have you have been attacking our outposts and our villages?”
“My brother saw your ever increasing numbers as a threat, and rather than try and barter a peace or relocate the clans, he has declared war on your species.”
“He will not drive us from what is ours,” Cadwallon replied in a sharp tone.
“I am not here to argue for him, but this is our homeland,” Draig replied.
“So you will fight for him?”
“No, he has betrayed us. I will kill him when I find him.”
“Is that why you are shackled to this stone?”
“Yes, we were sentenced to death, because we opposed him and the war.”
“This land is rich in precious metals and gems, you must know we are not going to leave.”
“My brother will send every Fire Dragon into battle before he concedes defeat.”
“Our armies are vast, and more soldiers cross the channel every day. Your brother will not win this war,” Cadwallon insisted.
“I know, I have seen your force and tasted your steel, but he will not back down, no matter how many dragons you kill.”
“I will set you free, but if what you say is true, you already know what is going to happen the next time we meet.”
“I am not your enemy, and I cannot pursue my brother if your men shoot us down with their arrows,” Draig snarled as he looked out at the mass of soldiers.
“You are the only dragons I have ever seen up close, but even from afar I can tell you are a dark red and she is royal blue, are there other dragons of that color in these parts?”
“No, why do you ask?”
“Perhaps we can form an alliance… I will order my men not to shoot on red or blue, and in return, you promise to go after your brother and end this.”
“I agree to those terms,” Draig replied as he looked the man in the eye and nodded.
“Listen up, the red dragon and his blue companion are free to go, and if any man raises his sword or fires an arrow at them, they will have to answer to me.”
After he finished instructing his men, he turned to Draig and cut the eel skin rope, setting them free.
“Thank you,” Draig replied.
“Thank Uther, he’s the one that vouched for you,” Cadwallon replied as he handed him the solidus 
“Uther, I can’t thank you enough for coming forward on my behalf. Sapphire and I are eternally grateful and if there is ever a way we can repay this debt, you must let us.”
“You’re welcome… but I must confess, I only did it because of what you did for Megan.”
“She was my friend, and she deserved better.”
“It’s too bad there are not more dragons like you,” Uther smiled.
“And it is a shame that there are not more men like you and Cadwallon,” Draig replied as he and Sapphire looked out over the soldiers before taking to the air.
Chapter 6
 Draig wanted nothing more than to hunt down his brother and make him pay for what he had done. But he had sworn to protect the child, so he and Sapphire agreed to stay on the coast with the Water Dragons and raise the child with Lira’s help. Unlike young dragons that matured quickly, the child required a lot of claws-on attention, which kept Draig and Sapphire busy most of the time. When they weren’t caring for the child, they would go over and play with Lira’s fledglings to give her a break and make good on Draig’s promise to her.
“Uncle Draig, when can my brother and I come over and see the little boy you have been caring for?” Splash asked after Draig flew over to see them.
“Anytime you want. James is learning to walk and talk so it’s time for you to meet him,” Draig replied as if he was a proud parent.
“His name is James?” Splash asked since it was the first time he had heard it.
“Yeah, Sapphire and I wanted him to have a human name because he will be going off to live with them once he’s old enough.”
“Can we come over and play with him later today?” Splash asked.
“Sure, just ask your mother so she knows where you are.”
“Are you going to stay and play with us for awhile?”
“No, I have to go, but I’ll play with you tomorrow,” Draig replied as he tickled Splash with his tail. Splash bit it, and then Draig picked him up off the sand and juggled him around.
“Doesn’t that hurt?’ Lira asked after landing beside him.
“No yet, but when he gets bigger we’ll have to find a new game.”
“Thanks for checking on them,” Lira remarked as she nuzzled him for a moment.
“I better get back,” Draig sighed as he stretched out his wings.
“Alright, I’ll see you later,” Lira replied with a friendly nip to his side. Even though she knew he was in love with Sapphire, she still felt close to him.
“How are Lira’s little ones doing?” Sapphire asked after Draig landed inside the cave.
“There are rowdy as ever.”
“They really like having you around, so does Lira if I’m not mistaken,” Sapphire added with a flick of her tail.
“I know,” Draig sighed. “She’s a big flirt.”
“I’m sure you hate all the attention,” Sapphire snarled before nipping him several times.
“Ow, I feel some teeth,” Draig snarled back.
“Well, I want you to remember me while I’m gone,” Sapphire teased.
“Where are you going?”
“James is starting to eat solid food, so I’m going to get him some berries. I won’t be long,” Sapphire added with one last nip. After she left, James came over and tugged on his tail.
“What do you want? Draig asked in a tender voice.
“Beach… beach.”
“Okay,” Draig replied as he picked him up and then glided down to the beach. As Draig watched over him, James clawed at the sand like a dragon and it made him smile.
“Uncle Draig,” Splash called out after Lira dropped them off.
“Hey Splash, hi Bay… this is James.”
“He’s so soft,’ Bat remarked as he gently poked him with his claw.
“Yes he is, and since he doesn’t have scales you need to be extra careful around him,” Draig warned.
“Okay, we will,” Bay promised. Within no time, the three of them were splashing in the water, and chasing each other up and down the beach.
“Well, I never thought my little ones would get along so well with a human,” Lira admitted.
“It gives me hope,” Draig replied.
“Where is Sapphire?” Lira asked as she glanced around for a moment.
“She went out to get some fruit for James. He’s moving on to solid food.”
“Awe, I’m going to miss nursing him. He is such a sweet boy,” Lira sighed.
“I know, it will be hard to let him go,” Draig admitted.
“I do have some interesting news to share with you. The Pigmy Dragons are going to cross the great ocean and settle on the distant continent,” Lira replied.
“Really, how are they going to get there?”
“They have asked some of the Water Dragons to ferry them over there this fall when the males migrate.”
“The Pigmy Dragons might be the smart ones… avoiding the war all together.”
“If you Fire Dragons weren’t so fat, we could ferry you over there too since it’s too far for you to fly,” Lira joked.
“I could always ride on the back of two Water Dragons,” Draig smirked.
“More like three or four” Lira teased.
“Hey, I have poufy scales, I can’t help it.”
“It’s okay, I like my dragons on the larger side,” Lira snickered.
“Why do you still flirt with me?”
“Because you are so serious all the time, and when I flirt with you, or tease you, you lighten up,” Lira admitted.
“You know I am committed to Sapphire?”
“I know, and I would never try and interfere with that since you are both so dear to me. If you prefer that I don’t tease you, I will honor your wishes,” Lira offered.
“No, I like it,” Draig replied.
“Oh, I almost forgot, a Fire Dragon came snooping around the coast the other day asking when we were going to join the war. The elders that met with him said we weren’t interested and he flew off in a huff. From what I could gather, the war is spreading, but don’t worry, we will never join forces with your brother.”
“That’s good. I know the Fire Dragons hiding out on the Emerald Isle are also reluctant to go to war.”
“Or if Ironclaw’s spies go there and find them,” Lira added.
“Do you think the Fire Dragon that came here was a spy?”
“I don’t know.”
“There is no way he could know we are staying here, is there?” Draig asked as his scales bristled at the thought.
“No silly. Every Water Dragon knows what Ironclaw did to you and Sapphire, and no one will tell him or any other dragon that you are here.”
“Thank you.”
“You don’t need to keep thanking me. Like I said before, you are my friend, and I am happy to help you.”
“Well, you really went out on a limb for me when I showed up with a child, and then asked you to nurse him for me.”
“It was an unusual request to be sure, and I would have never thought a little boy would fit in here... but I was wrong,” Lira admitted as she glanced down at the beach and saw how much fun Splash and Bay were having with James.
“Have the elders forgiven you for letting me stay?”
“They never cared that I was helping you or Sapphire, but they were really upset about James... but now that they know he is healing every dragon that scrapes a scale or bangs a tail, they have come to accept him.”
“Do the other Water Dragons know about the prophecy in the cave of secrets?”
“Yes, they know about it and they believe he is the one with power. They also know his gift could be perceived as a threat by others, so they will help you protect him, if it comes to that. They also believe he should know about the cave, and when he’s old enough, he will be allowed to go there.”
“That is going to be an interesting conversation,” Draig replied.
“Yes, but as his daddy, you need to guide him.”
“I will,” Draig replied without reacting to her remark.
“You love him, don’t you?”
“He is caring and sweet just like his mother. The other day when I was trying to breathe fire, he called me puff because all that came out of my big mouth was a tiny little puff of smoke.”
“That is cute. I bet my little ones will start calling you that after I tell them that story,” Lira snickered.
“You had better not tell them that,” Draig snarled unconvincingly.
“Oh puff, how could I ever let this one go?”
“Don’t you dare,” Draig threatened, but Lira stretched out her teal colored wings and flew over to where they were playing.
“What was that all about?” Sapphire asked as she landed next to him while holding a large branch covered with berries.
“Lira was teasing me again,” Draig admitted as he looked away.
“Draig, it’s okay. I know you and Lira are close, you always have been, and I am okay with it.”
“Are you sure?”
“I am, because I know I can trust you,” Sapphire replied as she plucked a berry and then held it out for him to taste. Draig dropped the little red fruit into his mouth and then spit it out.
“Yuck, it’s so sweet, how do the miners eat those all day long?” Draig replied as he stuck out his tongue in disgust.
“I don’t know, but I’m sure James will love them.”
“Yeah, I’m sure he will,” Draig replied as he looked down the beach at him.
“He seems to be having fun with Lira’s fledglings.”
“I know, he copies everything they do.”
“What are you going to say when he starts asking why he doesn’t have scales, and a long tail like the rest of us?”
“I’ll tell him the truth,” Draig sighed. “Until then, I’ll start my search for a new home.”
“What about the sheepherder living in the lowlands who helped you uncover the truth about Ironclaw?”
“I’m not sure… I did promise to repay them for the sheep that my brother stole, and while I’m there, I could ask him about taking James in. Even if he is not willing to do it, he might know someone who is.”
“And he seemed pretty trustworthy to you?”
“Yeah, his family has been living here for generations without a single issue, so I think they have earned our trust,” Draig replied.
“What are you going to use to repay them for the sheep.”
“I know where the owner of the mine in Cothi keeps his gold, and if anyone is owed some of it, it is me,” Draig snarled.
“That’s way too dangerous,” Sapphire objected.
“Then I don’t know what I can offer him, I have nothing they value,” Draig replied.
“The elders used to bury silver with every dragon that died to ward off Fafnir, the greedy demon of the underworld. I remember they used their dragon fire to melt the silver from a vein high atop Mount Carnedd.”
“That is only a few miles north of Snowdon… I wonder if Ironclaw reclaimed it after the attack?”
“I don’t know, but it would be far easier to go up there, than down to Cothi,” Sapphire insisted.
“I agree, and to be honest, I don’t ever want to see that place again.”
“So, when do you want to go to Carnedd?” Sapphire asked.
“Tonight is as good of time as any.”
“Do you think Lira would be willing to watch James while we’re gone? Or are you out of favors with her.”
“I think she has grown fond of James, so if I ask nice, I think she will watch him for us.”
“Go charm her, a little,” Sapphire agreed before nipping him on the tail so he wouldn’t forget his place.
“Hey, uncle puff,” Splash chuckled the moment Draig came over to see them.
“Well, that didn’t take long,” Draig glared.
“Did a two year old Water Dragon make puffy-wuffy sad?” Lira replied.
“I regret ever telling you that story.”
“I think the name fits you, perhaps we will turn it into a song to honor you down through the ages,” Lira suggested.
“Good luck with that!” Draig snorted as he looked over at James and saw him splashing in a tide pool with Bay.
“Are you here to take him back to the cave?”
“Actually, I was hoping you might be able to watch him tonight while Sapphire and I go to Carnedd.”
“Mom, I want James to stay with us,” Splash interrupted.
“If you and your brother promise to behave, I’ll let James stay the night.”
“You know we will, you’ve seen how good we are with him,” Splash snorted with excitement.
“Alright, James can stay with us until uncle puff and auntie Sapphire get back.”
“Thanks mom, you’re the best Water Dragon ever!” Splash roared with excitement before trotting off to tell Bay the good news.
“I owe you once again,” Draig sighed.
“No, you don’t. I am happy to watch James for you,” Lira replied with a tender look in her eyes.
“Thanks, we should be back later tonight or tomorrow at the latest.”
“Don’t worry, James will be fine.”
“I know, you’re his favorite,” Draig admitted before taking to the air.
When Sapphire saw him finish saying good-bye to James, she flew over and joined him.
“What way are we taking to Snowdon?” Sapphire asked.
“I thought it would be safer to follow the shoreline until it gets dark so we are not seen by Ironclaw or one of his patrols.”
“That sounds good,” the last thing we want is for that worm to know we’re still alive and well,” Sapphire snarled.
When they reached Afon Glaslyn, the sun was just starting to set and they headed inland towards Snowdon. It was a short trek to the mountains and Draig didn’t slow down as they neared the summit.
“I don’t see anyone, do you?” Draig whispered as they quietly glided over Snowdon’s peak.
“No, it looks like it’s still abandoned,” Sapphire whispered back.
“Alright, let’s cut over to Carnedd and see if we can find the silver before a patrol comes along.” Sapphire tilted her wings and flew out ahead of him since she knew the general area where the silver vein was supposed to be.
“I’m going down to take a closer look,” Sapphire announced when she spotted scorch marks in the moonlight.
“Okay, I’ll keep watch,” Draig replied as he circled overhead, keeping an eye out for his brother, or any other Fire Dragons that might come along.
“I found something,” Sapphire called out from a rocky outcrop after a few minutes of searching. Draig flew down to her after one last sweep of the night sky.
“What do you think?  The rock along this outcrop looks scorched.”
“I don’t know?” Draig replied. “Let me scratch the soot off with my claws so we can see what it looks like underneath.”
“Wow,” that’s got to be it,” Sapphire remarked when his razor sharp claws revealed several bright silvery streaks that glistened in the moonlight.
“Yeah, that’s silver alright. I saw some high-grade ore that looked just like that when I was in Cothi.”
“Wasn’t it a gold mine?”
“It was, but the mine has a few pockets of silver as well,” Draig replied.
“So, how big of a piece do you need to repay the shepherd?”
“Bigger is better, when it comes to this sort of thing,” Draig replied as he started to claw away the rock on both sides of the vein.
“That looks pretty good,” Sapphire remarked when she thought he was over doing it.
“Okay… can you help break a piece of the ore off now that it is exposed?” Draig asked as he grabbed at it with his claws. Sapphire nodded and together they freed a massive chunk of ore. When it landed at their feet, it made a loud thud, revealing its true weight, and their position on the mountain.
“Who goes there?” a voice called out from above. At first they thought it was a Fire Dragon, and they dug in their claws, figuring they would have to fight their way out.
“I said, who goes there?”
“It’s just me, the Fire Dragon you set free.” Draig announced after he heard a sword being drawn from its sheath.
“Show yourself,” the soldier ordered. Draig slowly moved up the slope towards the man. “That’s far enough big fellow.”
“I am still searching for my brother, have you seen any other dragons in this area beside me?” Draig asked.
“No, the war has shifted east.”
“Tell Cadwallon, I have not forgotten about our alliance.”
“I will,” the solder replied before moving on.
“That was close,” Sapphire whispered when Draig returned.
“Are you sure you can carry that?” Sapphire asked.
“Yeah, we should cover the vein so no one knows why we were here.”
“That’s a good idea,” Sapphire agreed as she helped him cover it up.
When they were done, Draig grabbed the piece of ore with both talons and then let out a groan as he lifted it into the air.
“Did you bite off more than you can chew?” Sapphire teased.
“It’s a lot heavier than it looks,” Draig admitted as he followed her down the hill, flapping his wings twice as fast as her so he could stay airborne.
When they reached the lowlands, Draig took the lead and flew south towards the shepherd’s ranch.
“Is that it?” Sapphire asked when Draig slowed down and flew closer to the ground.
“Yeah, he replied and dropped down into the pasture adjacent to the shepherd’s house. It wasn’t his most graceful landing and the sheep took off running, frightened by the sight of two large dragons.
“What’s going on?” the shepherd’s son asked as he came running out of the house with his underwear half on. Sapphire looked away until the boy covered himself.
“Is your father still up?” Draig asked as the moon illuminated the dew-laden pasture.
“I think so,” the boy replied as he went back inside. A moment later, his father came out holding an oil lamp in one hand and a crossbow in the other.
“I told you I would be back,” Draig announced in a familiar voice. The man set the crossbow on the porch, and then eyed Sapphire for a moment.
“Who’s your friend?”
“This is Sapphire, and she is an honorable dragon like myself.”
“What brings you here in the middle of the night?”
“I am keeping my word,” Draig said as he lifted his wings so the sheepherder could see his reward.
“Where did you get that?” the man exclaimed with a look of astonishment.
“It came from a vein high in the mountains to the north. I believe it should cover the debt you are owed.”
“That’s worth a lot more than a couple of my sheep,” the man replied.
“I thought it might be, and I am here to ask for your help once more. But the silver is yours either way, because I only want what you are willing to give freely,” Draig insisted.
“Alright dragon, what do you need from me?”
“There is an orphan boy named James that I have sworn to protect. He is very dear to me, but he needs a proper home and I need your help in finding him one. I want to be clear, whoever takes him in must do it from the heart, and show him nothing but kindness. I will accept nothing less, but in return, I will reward the family for their trouble, and kill them if he is abused,” Draig warned.
“Wait here for a moment while I discuss this matter with my wife.” Draig and Sapphire tried not to listen as they whispered to each other, but their voices carried and it was impossible not to hear what they said.
“The dragon has an orphan that needs a home, and I know what this means to you…”
“Raven, do you trust him?” his wife asked.
“I do, he has kept his promise and paid for our losses a hundred fold.”
“Sean, what do you think about having a brother?”
“I told daddy one would come, but he didn’t believe me.”
“So you were expecting us to have a brother?”
“Yes, mommy. I dreamed about it many times.”
“Raven? What do you think?”
“I am willing, but I want you to decide.”
“You know I have prayed for more children, and if this is how God has chosen to answer my prayers, then I think we should welcome his gift with open arms and loving hearts.”
“Alright, let’s see if we can meet the orphan before we agree to take him in.”
“Would it help if we brought James here so you could meet him?” Sapphire offered.
“Yeah, I was just going to ask if that would be possible,” Raven replied.
“Could we come by tomorrow?”
“Yes, the sooner the better,” Raven admitted.
“Okay, we will bring him when it gets light.”
“Before you go, can you tell me how old he is?”
“He is a yearling,” Draig replied not knowing the exact term for a child of his age.
“Oh, he’s just a wee one,” Raven remarked in a fatherly tone.
“Yes, he was just weaned, and is eating solid food.”
“Good, he will be easy to care for,” the man replied.
“Until tomorrow,” Draig nodded as he let go of the ore and then took to the air.
When he looked back, the boy waved to him, and he knew this was the right home for James.
“Are you nervous?” Sapphire asked once they were half way back to the coast.
“I am, but I think it’s for the best.”
“The family seemed nice,” Sapphire remarked.
“Yeah, I hope they take him in… he will be happier there than with us once he realizes who he is.”
“I don’t know, you’re a pretty good dad,” Sapphire teased in an effort to lighten his spirits.
“Even so, he deserves to be with his own kind…” Before Draig could finish his thought, Sapphire whipped him with her tail to get his attention.
“Don’t make any sudden moves, but I think we are being followed,” Sapphire said in a nervous voice. Draig glanced around until he spotted two dark outlines above them in the clouds.
“Darn it, it’s a Fire Dragon patrol,” Draig snarled as he slowly adjusted his course away from the coast to conceal their destination.
“I thought so,” Sapphire growled in disgust as she slowly turned with him until they were both heading southward.
The two Fire Dragons continued to shadow them for several miles, and then as suddenly as they appeared, they broke off their pursuit and turned north.
“Whew,” Draig sighed in relief.  “It looks like they lost interest in us, but we should keep going south for a little while just to make sure they don’t circle back.”  Sapphire nodded as she stayed close to him while keeping an eye out for any other dragons.
Once they were certain they were gone for good, they changed course and headed for the coast as quickly as possible.
“Hey, you’re back,” Lira remarked when Draig landed in her cave.
“Yeah, Sapphire and I found a nice family that might be willing to adopt James.”
“Are you taking him there now?” Lira asked with a look of disappointment.
“Yeah, by the time we get back to their ranch, it will be midday. If all goes well, he won’t be coming back with us,” Draig admitted with sadness in his eyes.
“Is there time for me to go wake Splash and Bay so they can say good-bye?”
“Of course.” While Draig waited for her, he could hear disappointing cries, followed by promises of friendship between her fledglings and James.
When Lira returned, her eyes were dripping with sorrow, and she handed James over without saying a word.
“Hi puff,” James said with a smile.
“Hi James. Sapphire and I found a really nice family not too far from here that wants to meet you. They have a little boy just a few years older than you, and he wants a brother because he’s all alone. Would you like to go meet him, and maybe stay there for a time?” Draig asked as he tried not to break down at the thought of giving James up.
“Okay. If I stay there will I still be able to come here and play with Splash and Bay?”
“Of course,” Draig replied as the white lie dripped down his muzzle and fell to the cold cave floor.
“Can I still pretend that I’m a dragon?”
“You are a dragon on the inside, but you’re a little boy on the outside and that’s why this family would be so good for you,” Draig replied in a reassuring tone.
“Okay,” James replied as he looked back at Lira. “Bye-bye mommy, I will see you soon.” Lira quickly nuzzled him, and then flew off.
“Is she sad?” James asked in an innocent voice.
“We are all sad because we love you so much, but we are also happy because you are big enough to leave the cave.”
“I am?”
“You are,” Draig replied as he cinched the blanket around James’ waist so he could carry him.
“How did it go?” Sapphire asked after she joined them.
“It was especially hard on Lira,” Draig whispered. “He called her mommy.”
“Oh, that’s so precious, I didn’t know he was so close to her.”
“It makes sense, she did nurse him from the day he was born.”
“Is he asleep yet?” Sapphire asked as she looked over at the blanket gently clutched in his talons.
“I think so, the beating of my wings usually lulls him to sleep.”
“You know it’s not too late for you to change your mind, we could keep him and raise him with us.”
“I would love to keep him, and even though a tiny amount of my blood flows through his veins, it would be wrong to keep him. After all, he is a human, and he needs to be with his people so he is not deprived of his heritage.”
“You know that James might want to be part of your life, even if the shepherds take him in,” Sapphire warned.
“If he does, I will be there for him, Draig replied as he continued on in silence.
When they reached the ranch, Raven and his family came running out to greet them. The moment Draig set James down, Sean ran oven and gave him a brotherly hug before Draig could even introduce him.
“Can he stay in my room?” Sean asked as he looked over at his father.
“We’ll see,” Raven replied not wanting him to get his hopes up before he and his wife had a chance to meet James. It quickly became an effort in futility the moment Mary picked him up and held him in her arms.
“He’s so cute,” she exclaimed as he nuzzled her the way he had seen dragons greet.
“We have taught him what we thought was appropriate for his kind, but there is much we don’t know about little ones,” Draig admitted. 
“So has he been living with you all this time?” Mary asked.
“Yes, his father and mother passed, and he has no kin,” Draig replied.
“Well, it is obvious that he has been well cared for, and he knows so many words for such a little one,” Mary remarked as she looked over at Raven to see if he had any questions before they took him in.
“I am curious, how did a child come into your care?” Raven asked as politely as he could.
“His mother was a slave at a mine where I was forced to work. Over time we became friends, and I promised to look after her child so he would not be raised a slave. When she passed away after giving birth, I took him under my wings and fled and have been caring for him ever since,” Draig replied.
“You know that if we adopt him, he will be expected to help run the ranch when he is older, we are not a charity,” Raven admitted.
“That is what I want. He needs to learn the value of hard work, but he must also be part of a loving family.”
“Then he should do well with us, because family is what we cherish above all else,” Raven said as he looked over at his wife.
“So, you are willing to take him in?”
“Yes, he is welcome to live here with us,” Raven replied.
“There is one more thing you need to know about since it might conflict with your beliefs,” Draig added when he noticed the Celtic cross around Mary’s neck.
“What is that?”
“James is what we call a healer. It’s a very rare and unique gift that allows him to heal sick and injured animals. If that’s going to be a problem, I understand, but please let me know right now,” Draig insisted as he waited to see their reaction.
“No, that’s not a problem. Our faith has healers, but if I may, can we bring out an injured lamb so we can see him use this gift?” Raven asked.
“Yes, by all means,” Draig replied with a look of relief that they didn’t think he was a sorcerer.
“Sean go into the barn and bring the injured lamb over to James,” Raven instructed.. Sean nodded and then did what he asked. When he returned, Mary set James down and Sean placed the lamb at his feet. James giggled at the sight of the furry little creature, and he cuddled it for a moment. The sheep baaed and then ran off to join the others.
“He is blessed!” Mary exclaimed as she looked over at Raven with an expression of amazement.
“What was wrong with the lamb?” Draig asked since it seemed well when Sean brought it over.
“It was lame since birth,” Mary replied.
“You must not tell anyone about his gift,” Draig warned. “That is my final request before I let him go.”
“Don’t worry, his secret is safe with us, and we’ll make sure he uses it wisely, and only if he wants to,” Mary promised.
“Thank you so much for taking him in. I can see you’re good honorable people with loving hearts,” Draig admitted.
“Will we ever see you again?” Raven asked.
“Is that something you would be comfortable with?” Draig replied.
“Of course. James will need to know that you are not abandoning him, and the only way for him to know that, is if you come back from time-to-time.”
“That is very kind, and I will certainly take you up on that offer,” Draig beamed with delight as he looked down at James until he had his attention. “Now James, I need you to listen to me for a moment. Sapphire and I have to go, but we would like you to stay here with your new family. Are you okay with that?”
“You will come back?” James asked.
“Yes, we’ll come to see you in a few weeks.”
“I come play with Splash and Bay?”
“When the war is over and it is safe, we’ll see if Raven and his family will let you come back to the coast for a visit,” Draig replied.
“Okay, I stay here and play,” James said with a smile.
“If you start to feel sad, just remember that we will be back before you know it,” Draig promised as he slowly backed away.
“Sean why don’t you show James your room, and some of the toys you set out for him to play with,” Mary suggested so Draig and Sapphire could leave without making him sad.
“Toys!” James replied enthusiastically.
Chapter 7
 The war against the humans had been far more challenging than Ironclaw had ever imagined, and the losses were mounting with each passing month. Every time he sent dragons out to fight, fewer returned. Despite the setbacks, the Fire Dragons under his command continued to follow him blindly. It was as if Ironclaw’s hatred of the humans was contagious, and when a dragon was killed in battle, it only convinced the others they must fight on in order to honor the fallen.
“What do you have to report?” Ironclaw snorted when two of his scouts flew in from the south.
“We burned several villages, but the humans are switching from wood to stone, just like their castles, and it’s making it harder to repel them,” Spike replied.
“I don’t want excuses, I want results!” Ironclaw snarled as he stomped the ground in anger.
“We did spot a couple of Fire Dragons heading south that we didn’t recognize,” Ember interrupted.
“What do you mean, you didn’t recognize them? All Fire Dragons are under my authority by order of the council!”
“We thought they might have been new recruits from the Emerald Isle,” Ember replied.
“I already sent all of them into battle… so tell me what did they look like?” Ironclaw snapped impatiently.
“The larger one was dark red, and the other one appeared bluish, perhaps a mating pair. I don’t know for sure because we were high up in the clouds when we saw them,” Ember admitted as she looked over at Spike to make sure her description was accurate.
“No… No… Nooo…it can’t be…” Ironclaw fumed as he stomped around in a circle.
What’s wrong?” Spike asked.
“Draig and Sapphire are alive!” he roared at the top of his lungs.
“How can that be? You executed both of them on the stone of punishment months ago.”
“I was about to, but when the humans attacked us, I flew over to protect the other dragons. I assumed the humans would kill them as they have every other dragon in their reach!” Ironclaw snarled in disgust.
“Why would the humans kill Draig and Sapphire? You and Talon both swore that they betrayed us, working for the humans,” Ember questioned.
“Of course those traitors are helping the humans, but that doesn’t mean the savages didn’t turn on them after they were of no further use,” Ironclaw snapped as he tried to cover up his deception with more lies.
“Oh, they would do that to them?”
“Of course! They’re barbaric. Now, both of you go back to the area where you saw them and try to figure out where they are hiding!” Ironclaw ordered.
“Can we rest for a bit?” Spike asked.
“No! You let them slip away, and this is your punishment. Now don’t come back until you have found them!”
Ember and Spike looked at each other, and then flew off without saying a word. They didn’t like being treated so poorly, but anyone who crossed Ironclaw found their way to the stone of punishment, and few returned.
“Ironclaw, what’s wrong?” Talon asked in a meek voice not wanting to further anger him.
“It would appear that Draig and that blue devil have cheated death once more.”
“What? The humans didn’t kill them in the attack?” 
“Apparently not. Maybe they really are helping them. Either way, they must be found and killed so that no one discovers the truth.”
“I wonder why they haven’t come after us?” Talon remarked as he nervously scratched the side of his neck with his back leg.
“I don’t know… why don’t you go down to the lake and catch me a couple of fish while I ponder this.”
“Alright,” Talon replied before flying off.
While Talon was gone, he paced back and forth along the overlook. He knew Draig was strong, but he had bound him twice over with eel skin rope, and no dragon could break free of that. The other thing he couldn’t understand was why his brother and the blue devil had kept their distance? It wasn’t like Draig to let a wrong go unpunished. As Ironclaw continued to pace around, he saw Skarn fly in low from the northeast and then quickly disappear into his den without reporting in.
“What’s he up to?” Ironclaw muttered under his breath as he quietly glided over to see him. 
“Why didn’t you check in?” Ironclaw snarled in an angry tone as he poked his head into Skarn’s musty den.
“Because bad news does not sit well with you,” a voice echoed from the darkness.
“Get your scrawny little tail out here and tell me what’s going on!” Ironclaw demanded. Skarn slowly ascended from the depths, only to pause in the shadows just out of Ironclaw’s reach.
“While I was out, I saw a fleet of ships anchored off the coast of the Emerald Isle.”
“Then get your lazy wings flapping and go see what they are up to!”
“Why, there are no dragons left on the isle,” Skarn revealed as he slowly backed deeper into his den. 
“What do you mean there are no dragons left on the isle?”
“You ordered then here so we could retake Snowdon, and they died in the battle.”
“Why didn’t you tell me that sooner, now we have lost the Emerald because of you!” Ironclaw snarled in rage.
“It’s not my fault,” Skarn whimpered, and as Ironclaw was about to take his anger out on him, he heard Ember and Spike call his name.
“What do you want?” Ironclaw snarled as he turned to see them.
“We were able to trace the route that Draig and Sapphire were on when we first spotted them, and it leads back to a shepherd’s home.
“Did they see you?”
“No, we stayed up in the cloud layer,” Spike replied.
“Good, we don’t want those filthy humans to know we are coming,” Ironclaw snarled.
“Do you want us to come with you, they might be armed?” Spike offered.
“No! Talon and I will pay them a special visit, and if we find out they have been helping my brother, then we’ll kill them once we carve out all the information we can,” Ironclaw snickered as he looked down at the lake. “Talon! Get up here!”
A moment later Talon flew over holding a small fish in his claws.
“I only caught one, but you can have it,” he said in a sniveling voice that clearly smelled of fish.
“Never mind that, we have to go pay that shepherd in the valley a visit.”
“Oh, you must be hungry if you want sheep for dinner,” Talon remarked as he flicked his tail in anticipation.
“No you worm, I think Draig and Sapphire were there, and I want to know why,” Ironclaw snapped impatiently.
“Do you think they know we were there the night of the… I mean, saw us patrolling that area?” Talon asked as he tossed the fish over by Ember and Spike to distract them from his slip of the tongue.
“I don’t know, but we’ll soon find out,” Ironclaw said as he watched Ember and Spike tug on separate ends of the fish seemingly unaware of Talon’s mistake.
“Are we going there tonight?”
“Yes,” Ironclaw replied as if talking to a moron. “It’s getting dark, so let’s go.”
Once they were far enough away from Snowdon that the other dragons couldn’t see them, Ironclaw smacked Talon across the face with his barbed tail midair.
“What was that for?” Talon whimpered.
“If you can’t control your forked tongue, I’m going to rip it out and strangle you with it. Is that clear?” Ironclaw snarled.
“Yes,” Talon whimpered submissively.
“Good. Now let’s go see the shepherd,” Ironclaw snarled.
Chapter 8
 When Draig woke up the next morning, the cave seemed empty without James, and he didn’t like the way it made him feel. So he rolled over and rested his head against Sapphire who was already awake.
“I miss him too,” she said in a soft voice as she nuzzled him.
“Is it too soon to go check and see how he is doing, I know it’s only been a few days?” Draig asked expecting her to try and talk him out of it.
“Not if we just do a quick flyover,” Sapphire replied.
“That’s all I need, just a peek so I know he’s alright.”
“Then let’s go,” Sapphire said as she got up and started heading out of the cave.
“Are you sure? I don’t want them to think we are spying on them,” Draig remarked as he got up.
“We’ll stay out of sight.”
“Okay,” Draig replied as he followed after her.
“It’s so clear I can see Snowdon,” Sapphire remarked as they glided effortlessly over the lowlands.
“Hopefully we won’t see any patrols,” Draig replied as he searched the sky in all directions.
“We can go back if you think it’s unsafe.”
“No, we’ll be careful.”
When they passed by the meadow where Sapphire had been attacked, she noticed a faint plume of smoke rising in the distance, and she flicked Draig with her wingtip.
“Is that near the ranch?” she asked in a concerned voice.
“I don’t know, but it’s the only thing out there,” he replied, as he started flapping his wings harder and harder. Sapphire stayed close behind him, keeping watch in case there were hostiles in the area.
When the ranch finally came into view, Draig gasped in horror.
“It’s been attacked!” he roared in anguish as he folded back his wings and dove from the sky. Sapphire dove after him, but from what she could see, they were already too late. The house and corral were both burnt to the ground, and all that remained was the dilapidated barn.
“Who would have done this?” Draig cried out in anger as he landed where the house once stood and immediately started to search through the rubble for remains.
“I don’t smell anything,” Sapphire said in an optimistic tone as she helped him look for clues.
“I bet Ironclaw had something to do with this, he and that half-whit Talon are the only other Fire Dragons that ever came here!” Draig exclaimed with an angry look that even scared Sapphire.
“Draig, how did you know it was us?” Ironclaw’s voice echoed from the entrance to the barn.
“You filthy worm, what have you done to the shepherd and his family?” Draig snarled as his brother took to the air and then circled at a safe distance overhead.
“Nothing yet, but if you want to save your friends, it’s going to cost you,” Ironclaw snickered.
“What can we possibly give you that you have not already taken from us?” Draig snorted in disgust.
“Your pathetic lives!” Ironclaw roared. “You just won’t die, I keep on trying, but somehow you and the blue devil cheat death over and over again. So, I’ll let the savages go if you two pathetic dragons trade your miserable lives for theirs,” Ironclaw snickered as though it was a game to him.
“Where are they?” Draig demanded.
“Talon is holding them in the barn, but if you make a move, he’ll burn them down,” Ironclaw warned.
“Prove that you have them, and that they are unharmed,” Draig insisted.
“Of course, brother. I can’t have you shedding any tears for them just yet.”  Talon, who was lurking in the shadows, pushed them towards the door so Draig could see them.
“There you go… four pathetic warm-bloods, all safe and sound… for now.”
“Before we agree to anything, I want to know how you plan to kill us?”
“Oh brother, you know how merciful I am. Don’t you worry, it’s going to be quick and painless,” Ironclaw snickered.
“Just tell us what your sick little reptile brain has conjured up.”
“Well, I know how sentimental you are… so I brought one of the human’s favorite weapons with me to make this nice and easy.” Ironclaw replied as he dangled a bow and quiver from his claws. “And this time I made sure they are forged from hardened steel, so someone’s little blue dragon scales won’t be saving them this time,” Ironclaw added as he looked down at Sapphire with disdain.
“How do I know that you’ll keep your word, our lives for theirs?”
“Oh brother, I’m crushed that you don’t trust me!”
“Knock it off Ironclaw, you are the last dragon I would ever trust, and you know it.”
“Fine, I’ll cut to the chase. The male human will bind you and Sapphire with eel skin, then I will drop the bow and one arrow… If his aim is true, Talon will let the boys go. Then I’ll drop a second arrow just for you, my loving brother. Once your dead, Talon will let his wife go free, and the warm-bloods can pull the two arrows out of your corpses and use them to protect themselves from the horrible dragons that burnt down their ranch.”
“Two arrows for protection, that’s not fair and you know it!”
“Come now, you branded me a coward long ago, and Talon isn’t going to risk his life against a man armed with two arrows.
Draig leaned over so he could talk to Sapphire without his brother hearing.
“He is a demon, sent from the underworld to punish us for what, I don’t know,” Draig whispered out of frustration.
“We know he will kill them if we don’t give him what he wants, and if we try and attack him, it ends the same way.”
“So you are willing to sacrifice your life for the humans?”
“I owe you and James my life, so yes, I will follow you into the darkness if it repays my debt and frees them.”
“Enough whispering you two, are you ready to trade your life for theirs, or shall we fight, and see who dies first?” Ironclaw snorted with delight.
“We agree to the trade,” Draig sighed in defeat.
“Good. Talon you may let the man go,” Ironclaw instructed as he dropped the bow, a single arrow, and the eel skin. Raven reluctantly picked up eel skin, and then walked over to Draig and Sapphire.
“Is there no other way to resolve this?” he asked before binding them together.
“No, all I ask is that aim for our hearts, so that we don’t suffer,” Draig replied.
“I will,” raven replied. “I hope you know that what you are doing for my family is without equal, and I will never forget your sacrifice.”
“Just promise me that you will protect James after we’re gone.”
“I will, you have my word,” Raven replied as he finished tying the eel skin together. “Good-by my friend, I am sorry it has to end like this.”
“I am too,” Draig replied.
As Raven walked over to pick up the bow and arrow, Draig and Sapphire nuzzled each other one last time. Then they looked on as he nocked the arrow and pulled the string as far back as he could before aiming it directly at her chest. Thankfully, James was distracted by the sheep which were huddled in the corner of the barn when Raven released the arrow. The recoiling of the bowstring reverberated through the air, followed by a brief cry as Sapphire fell dead.
“I will never forgive you!” Draig shouted in anger as he stared up at Ironclaw with a hatred that burned hotter than a thousand suns.
“I never want you to,” Ironclaw replied as he tipped the quiver so that another arrow would fall out. A moment later, Draig heard the sound of the bowstring releasing, and then he felt a sudden sharp pain in his chest. As he felt the life draining out of his body, he heard a sinister laugh echoing through the air. There was nothing he could do to stop it, and as he exhaled his last breath, he saw James slowly fade from sight.
“You got what you wanted!” Raven shouted after retrieving the spent arrows. “Now, release my wife and leave us alone!” Ironclaw and Talon ignored his request and kept circling overhead. When Raven saw them looming nefariously, he nocked of the bloodstained arrows and aimed it directly at Ironclaw. “They are both dead, now get out of here!” he yelled out in rage.
“We’re coming back for you,” Ironclaw threatened as he and Talon gained altitude to make sure they were well out of range.
“And I’ll be waiting when you do!” Raven shouted as he held the bow defiantly over his head until they were gone.
Once he was certain that it was safe, he ran over to his family and hugged each one of them. When he got to James, he kissed him and tried to block his view, but it was too late.
“Can I go see them, they look tired?” James said as he pointed in the direction of the pasture.
“Yes,” Raven said as he tried not to cry. When James reached the dragons, he patted each one on the head, and then curled up between them.
“Can he save them?” Mary asked as she looked over at Raven with a glimmer of hope.
“No, but let him try, or he will never forgive us for not letting him,” Raven said as he looked away. He knew that James was a healer, but unlike the injured lamb that only needed a little help, the dragons were gone.
Once it started to get dark, Raven left the barn and went back out to check on James. When he reached the pasture, he could see James was still trying to bring them back, but they had passed on. Out of respect, he cut the eel skin that bound them and then sat with James for a moment.
“James, you have done your best to heal them, but some things are beyond our control. Just remember how they loved you, and that they gave their lives willingly to protect you from harm. I know it’s hard to understand, but they brought you here so you would never be alone, or think that you weren’t loved. You are part of our family now, and we all love you more than you know. Take as much time as you need to mourn them, and when you’re ready to come in, we will be waiting for you in the barn with open arms.” James looked up at him and then slowly took his hands off Draig and Sapphire’s heads.
“They are sleeping,” James said as he reached out to Raven with his little arms.
“Are you sure you’re ready to leave them, I can bring you a blanket if want to stay a little longer?”
“No.”
“Okay,” Raven replied as he knelt down and gently picked James up.
“There’s my little trooper,” Mary said when Raven brought him into the barn.
“I think he is worn out,” Raven said as he laid him on a blanket inside one of the empty stalls that Mary had cleaned out. James curled up on the blanket while Mary finished making the stall livable. “Do you need anything?” she asked in a sweet voice.
“Can Sean sleep in here with me?”
“Alright, I’ll go get him,” Mary replied.
A moment later Sean brought his blanket in and laid it down next to James.
“If you need anything, just let me know,” Mary offered as she tucked both of them in.
“Okay,” James replied as he reached for Sean’s hand and then closed his eyes.
“Do you think he will be okay?” Raven asked when Mary joined him in the next stall.
“I think so, he wanted Sean to sleep next to him, which made Sean feel like a big brother,” Mary replied.
“I bet he liked that,” Raven replied.
“He did, and he’s doing his best to comfort James.”
“That’s good. It nearly broke my heart watching James try to heal the dragons to no avail,” Raven whispered.
“I know, it was painful for all of us,” Mary admitted with a mournful look.
“I can’t believe they gave their lives to save us.”
“I believe they were guardians, sent to protect us,” Mary said as she touched the cross hanging from her neck before blowing out the oil lamp.
“Amen,” Raven whispered as he kissed her good night.
The next morning when Raven woke up, he went over to check on the boys, but James was gone.
“Sean, where is James?” Raven asked as he nudged him until he opened his eyes.
“He went outside a little bit ago,” Sean replied as he rubbed his eyes.
“To go to the bathroom?” Raven asked.
“No, he said he was too tired to wake the dragons last night, but now that he was rested, he could wake them.”
“Oh,” Raven sighed as he slowly walked out into the pasture. In the distance he could see James laying between Draig and Sapphire’s bodies, and a wave of sadness came over him. He knew that children often carried hope when there was none, and it was obvious that James wasn’t ready to let go. As he slowly walked over to get him, he thought about what he might say to comfort him. He knew it would be difficult to explain how death was merely the ending of one chapter, and the beginning of another to one so young.
“James, can I talk to you?” Raven asked in a tender voice.
“Shush… they’re sleeping,” James replied with an innocent look. Raven felt bad about what he was going to say, but he couldn’t let James keep pretending they weren’t dead.
“I’m sorry James, they have gone into such a deep and restful sleep, that we will never be able to wake them.”
“No!” James cried as Raven tried to pull him away.
“You have to let them go,” Raven insisted as James grabbed Draig’s claw and refused to let go.
“Please let go,” Raven pleaded. “I don’t want to force you, but it’s time to say good-bye,” James nodded and when he let go, Draig slowly opened his eyes.
“Holy father of the light!” he blurted out in disbelief.
“I told you James was a healer,” Draig replied after taking in a long deep breath followed by a toothy yawn.
“See they were sleeping,” James giggled when Sapphire snorted and then opened her eyes.
“A healer is one thing, but you were both dead,” Raven insisted.
“Are you sure? Maybe the arrow only stunned us,” Draig replied as he looked down at his chest and saw one slightly damaged scale.
“No, you were shot through the heart, I am sure of it.”
“I guess it doesn’t matter. James healed us, and my brother was fooled by it.”
“Yeah, after you and Sapphire went to sleep, he and that other nasty dragon threatened to come back for us.”
“I knew he would never keep his word, but don’t worry, I’m going to make sure that Ironclaw and that half-wit never bother you again,” Draig promised as his fiery red eyes burned with vengeance.
“So you’re going after him then?” Raven asked.
“Sapphire and I have already agreed upon a plan. She is going to stay here and protect your family while I hunt them down,” Draig replied as he picked up a stone to sharpen his claws.
“Are you sure you can handle both of them?” Raven asked.
“We’ll soon find out,” Draig replied with a fierceness that seemed to lessen Raven’s concern.
Chapter 9
 When Draig reached Snowdon he saw Talon near the edge of the lake grabbing at any fish that came within his reach. While he was distracted, Draig quietly glided overhead, and then knocked him into the water when he wasn’t looking.
“Ironclaw, that’s not funny!” Talon snapped as the muddy water stung his eyes.
“I’m not Ironclaw,” Draig snarled with rage.
“You’re… you’re alive!” Talon trembled in fear as he rubbed his eyes in disbelief.
“That’s right you little weasel, I have come for you and my brother.”
“Please don’t kill me, it was all Ironclaw’s fault. He made me do all of those terrible things to you and Sapphire,” Talon whimpered.
“If you tell me where he is, I might show you some mercy.”
“He’s up in his den sulking.”
“Why?”
“The Emerald Isle fell a few days ago and he sent the last few dragons out looking for you, and they never returned,” Talon admitted.
“He’s crazy... you know that, right?”
“I know, and if you let me go, I’ll help you punish him,” Talon sniveled.
“You already tried to kill me once, why would I ever trust you?”
“Because I fear you more than I fear him, and he will not  go down without a fight,” Talon replied as he slowly lowered his wings so that Draig would not see him picking up a large rock with his left claw.
“So, you are offering to help me out of fear?”
“Yes, you are a mighty dragon and I will serve you as I have served your brother,” Talon promised as he swung at Draig with the boulder firmly clutched in his left claw. When Draig saw the fatal blow coming he kicked Talon in the chest with both legs, knocking him back into the water. Then he jumped on Talon’s back and forced his head underwater.
“I think I’m better off without a servant,” Draig roared as he held him under until he stopped struggling. Then he bit Talon’s neck so hard, every bone in it snapped under the crushing force of his mighty jaws.
After he was sure Talon was dead, he flew over to his brother’s den and roared, “Ironclaw, come on out, it’s judgment day!”
“How many lives do you have?” Ironclaw snarled as he emerged from the shadows.
“One more than you, dear brother,” Draig replied as he jumped on Ironclaw the moment he came out of his den.
“Let me go!” Ironclaw demanded as he whipped him with his tail and bit at his legs.
“Not a chance, you have sent every last Fire Dragon under your command to their graves, and now it’s time you joined them.”
“Talon! Come help me!”
“He is already waiting for you in the underworld,” Draig snarled as he dragged Ironclaw towards the stone of punishment. Ironclaw struggled to get away, but his claws and bite were no match for Draig.
“I hate you!” Ironclaw roared in anger as Draig slammed him down on the stone and held him there.
“Any last words?” Draig asked as he raised one claw high into the air.
“At least the blue devil is dead,” Ironclaw snickered when he noticed she was not with Draig.
“You are wrong, she lives, and she sends her regards,” Draig replied as he struck his brother down.
As the stone turned red, Draig closed his brother’s eyes, and then buried him in an empty den. He felt bad about taking his life, but he knew that as long as Ironclaw was alive, the ones he cared about the most would never be safe.
After he laid his brother to rest, he started searching the remaining dens to be certain that there weren’t any young or injured dragon hiding in them. When he came to the last one, all that he found were a few forgotten dragon eggs that had failed to hatch in the spring thaw. Since they were frozen over with ice, he figured they were infertile, and he left them where they lay. Then he exited the den and took one last look at his ancestral home before flying off.
As he passed over the lowlands, he saw several small bands of soldiers scattered across the landscape. When they saw he was the red dragon of Cadwallon, they lowered their weapons and let him pass. Draig knew that the war was over, and soon the humans would realize it too. It was a bittersweet end to a long and tragic battle, and it signaled that the age of the Fire Dragon was almost over. Draig was saddened by the loss, but at the same time he wanted the humans to flourish so that James would grow up in a time of peace.
When they reached the shepherd’s ranch, Sapphire and the others rushed over to see him the instant he landed.
“It looks like you found them,” Sapphire said when she saw the bite marks on his legs and side.
“Yes, and they have both paid for what they have done,” Draig replied with a hint of remorse.
“What about the elders, and the other Fire Dragons, will they leave us alone now that your brother is gone?”
“Ironclaw sent every last Fire Dragon under his command to the underworld… you and I are all that is left,” Draig replied with a look of sorrow.
“Then the prophecy has been fulfilled,” Sapphire sighed.
“What are you and Sapphire going to do now?” Raven asked.
“The Water Dragons have offered to look after us, so we will live with them on the coast,” Draig replied.
“Won’t the soldiers come after you?”
“Sapphire and I formed an alliance with one of the leaders some time ago, and they seem to be honoring our agreement. I am concerned that some of the villagers who have lost loved ones may not be so forgiving. In the meantime, Sapphire and I will lay low until tempers cool and everyone knows that the war is over. After that, we will return from time-to-time to see how you are doing,” Draig replied as he looked over at James with an unmistakable fondness in his deep red eyes.
“I cannot thank you enough for protecting my family and bringing us another son to love and cherish. I don’t know why we have been so blessed, but we will never forget it,” Raven admitted.
“You are welcome, but I do have one more favor to ask of you,” Draig revealed.
“Anything,” Raven smiled.
“I want you to go to Carnedd Mountain and stake a claim on its northern slope just below the summit. There, you will find a hidden vein of silver. I don’t know how much silver is left, or what it is worth, but it should help you through any tough times that lie ahead.”
“I don’t know what to say, your kindness knows no bounds,” Raven replied.
“I am only telling you about this ore because I know that you value your family above all else, and the money you earn will not be spent in vain.”
“If it’s as rich as the ore you already brought me, I’m going to have to give up being a shepherd, and become a miner instead,” Raven laughed as he looked over at his wife.
“I bet that would suit you well,” Draig replied as he stretched out his wings, signaling he was ready to leave.
“Do you have to go?” James asked.
“Yes, but this is not good-bye. We will see you very soon, I promise,” Draig said as he tickled James with the tip of his tail before lifting off of the ground. James laughed and then ran over to Mary for a hug. When Draig looked back, he saw her kiss him on the cheek, and he knew that she loved him almost as much he did.


About the Series
The Dragon Adventure Series was inspired by my son and his room filled with dragon art, books, and posters honoring the beloved creatures. In addition, my family’s surname is of Welsh origin, so it seemed fitting to incorporate the Welsh dragon, Y Ddraig Goch into the storyline. I changed his name to Draig Gogh to make is easier for young readers to pronounce, and then added a host of friends to make the adventure come alive.
The rich mining history and unique geographical locations used in this series are inspired by real events and locations in Colorado, Wales, and Ireland. Some of the location names have been changed to fit the story, but anyone looking at a map should be able to identify their origin.
My hope is that this series will ignite the imaginations of readers young and old, along with anyone else who loves dragons. If you have any comments or questions, please feel free to contact me at the email address below.

Thanks again,
Ben L. Hughes

Email: kelso1900@yahoo.com

