
Boddaert's Magic

Fire Rock

Peter Barns

Published by Boddaert Books
at Smashwords
Copyright 2011
Third Edition 2021

Smashwords Edition, License Notes.
We license this ebook for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This novel is a work of fiction. The names, characters, and events portrayed are the work of the author's imagination. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is coincidental.
to Sheree
-for her help and inspiration-

Carol, Colin, Donna, Eric
-because there's a little of each inside-

and Simone
-for the endless cups of coffee-





Chapter 1

Brock stumbled to a halt beneath the full moon, staring at the view. His breath faltered and his heart raced, but whether from the exertion of his hard climb through Brockenhurst Mountains, or the scene spread out in the valley below, he wasn't sure. Brockenhurst Forest at last; a place of magical promises, a source of all knowledge and wisdom. And nestled within its protective environment, Brockenhurst Sett; birthplace of Boddaert, the greatest Teller of all time; Father of the race.
As Brock's eyes ranged across the forest below, his excitement grew. He sang a sonnet to calm himself, allowing the tensions to flow from his body. His heart slowed, keeping pace with the simple rhythms of the song. As his thoughts turned to the teachings of The Way, he allowed its perfection to refresh his tired muscles.
Brock was the latest in the line of Tellers stretching back into the mists of time. His lineage boasted such names as Evaert and Char, both still talked about on hot summer-cycles, when the crickets sang their songs of lust. He studied the rocky mountain slope for the easiest descent into the valley. To the north, a tall escarpment brought the steady march of the trees to an abrupt halt. Here the only relief from the stark granite wall was a gigantic, flat-topped rock, thrusting its way up out of the canopy. Regularly shaped sides, strangely smooth, with little evidence of weathering, its top flat as a pool of water reflected moonlight in dazzling sparkles of brightness. Reaching into his memory, Brock summoned its name — Fire Rock. Laughing loudly, pleased he had reached the end of his journey at last, he set out on the descent into Brockenhurst Valley.
The stuttering cry of a magpie carried on a gentle southerly breeze. The trek down from the mountains had been hard and dangerous, but Brock stood now on a wide path amongst the hoary trees of the old forest, his eyes widening as he took in the scene.
A vole flicked across the damp forest floor, almost indistinguishable from the dead brown leaves, stirring Brock into motion. He'd rested long enough; inactivity was allowing unpleasant memories to stir. He rubbed the wound on his leg, trying to suppress the echoes of his dying sister's screams, but no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't stop the memories flooding his mind.
*
The fire had been swift and savage, burning everything in its path. The flames jumped from grass to bush, from bush to tree, too fast to outrun. And with the crackling and roaring came another unforgettable sound: the screams of the dying. The thick acrid smoke had coiled its oily tentacles into the deepest sleeping chambers, suffocating those not already overwhelmed by the flames, and only Brock's knowledge of The Way had saved him. He was the sole survivor, and it left him feeling a deep shame.
Since starting out on this journey, Brock had reproached himself many times. He was a Teller of The Way, the Keeper of their History; trained to predict the future and read the past. Yet the fire had come as a complete surprise.
Standing in the moon-dappled clearing, fighting his feelings, Brock tried to push his tortured thoughts aside. Overhead, two starlings watched him warily from their nest, wondering what threat he might pose.
Brock shook his head. "Enough of this," he scolded himself. "Find the Custodians."
*
Resuming his journey, Brock took only a few steps when a loud voice hailed him.
"And who's this dreamer? Certainly an ill-mannered landloper to ignore me so diligently!"
Brock frowned, studying the old badger standing fore-square on the path. The stranger nodded, settling his plump body into a more comfortable position. The moonlight sparkled from silver hairs sprinkled liberally throughout his coat.
Lowering his snout in respect, Brock hailed the badger. "Greetings friend. Forgive me, I was lost in my thoughts and didn't see you. I'm looking for Brockenhurst Sett. Can you tell me if this is the right path?"
The old badger's eyes narrowed before he slowly nodded, obviously reluctant to share such information. "Indeed, it is. But tell me, what business takes you there?"
Brock narrowed his own eyes.
The boar dipped his head. "Ah, I see I might have offended you with my curiosity, but if you intend spending time in Brockenhurst Sett, you'll get used to that." The old badger's chest expanded proudly. "I'm a Custodian, so it's my duty to be nosy." He winked and grinned.
Brock's heart beat a little faster. Could it be just a coincidence the first badger he met in Brockenhurst was a Custodian?
"So, who are you stranger and where from?" The Custodian's deep set eyes glinted in the moonlight, loaning him an impish look, despite his obvious age.
"I'm Brock, out of High Green. Ten moons walk beyond the Brockenhurst Mountains."
"By Homer!" The Custodian nodded his enormous head, obviously impressed. "Ten moons, you say?" Giving this information some thought, he moved closer, scrutinising Brock closely. "And what brings you on such an arduous journey?"
"I must speak to the Council. I bring important news. Fire destroyed my sett, and…"
"Destroyed!" interrupted the Custodian, the shock of Brock's words reflected in his expression.
"There was a dreadful fire." Brock lowered his gaze, adding in subdued tones. "A fire so swift and fierce that none but myself survived."
There could be no mistaking the bitterness clouding the young badger's eyes, and the old Custodian fidgeted uncomfortably.
*
Sharing his despair brought back images of the dreadful fire. Brock was back in the sett, digging furiously into the packed earthen floor of his sleeping chamber so the heat would pass overhead and do him no harm. Satisfied he was deep enough, he lay down, scrabbled a layer of earth over his body, and using the power of The Way, slowed his breathing; a technique taught to neophyte Tellers during their training. He hoped it would let him survive the coming conflagration. He blanked out the shrieks of his dying friends, concentrating all his energy on surviving. Closing his eyes, he implored the Prime Mover to save him.
Buried safely in his hiding place, Brock survived the intense heat as the fire passed harmlessly overhead. He emerged to a scene of complete devastation, spending the rest of the moonlight wandering through the blackened tunnels, searching for survivors. Brock called in vain, but there was no badger alive to hear him.
*
Brock suddenly realised the Custodian was speaking. "Sorry, what did you say?"
"My name is Grey," the old badger repeated patiently, favouring Brock with a quizzical look. "Are you alright? You seem preoccupied?"
"I'm tired and I hurt my leg in the fire." Brock shrugged. "But tell me, is this the path to Brockenhurst Sett? I must see the Council at once."
Grey nodded slowly, looking along the path. "Yes, this is the path, but there's no point rushing. If you want to see the Council, you must seek permission first."
Brock sighed impatiently, touching the wound on his leg. "But there's no time. When the fire destroyed High Green, I used the powers of The Way to escape." He paused, looking uncomfortable for a moment. "During the fire I saw a vision."
The Custodian's nose twitched, his eyes widening. "Then you're a Teller of The Way?"
Brock nodded, his eyes glazing as he stared across the wide path into the trees. "Yes, but that's not the point," he answered. He swayed back and forth, as though having trouble standing. "What I saw in the vision…" He paused, not sure how best to continue. "It's… you see…" He faltered again, eyes rolling as he collapsed onto the path.
"By Homer, badger!" Grey exclaimed, bending over the prostrate boar and shaking him. "Come on, let's get you back to the sett. We've a Healer there who'll know what to do with you."
Grey helped Brock to his feet, and they staggered along in silence through the moon-washed trees, the older supporting the younger, their progress a series of disjointed stumbles. Grey quickly realised he didn't have the strength to drag the young badger all the way back to Brockenhurst Sett himself, so he gently lowered the half-conscious boar onto the dark soil, looking down at him, concern puckering his snout.
Brock's eyes unexpectedly opened in a wild stare. "Run, Dana, run!" he shouted. "There's smoke in the tunnels." His feet jerked wildly, and he let out a long, woeful groan, then passed out.
Grey frowned, wondering what to do. Finally he gathered a mound of leaves and carefully covered Brock, making sure he left the young badger's mouth uncovered. He stood back and nodded. It was the best he could do. Turning back to the path, Grey headed off towards Brockenhurst Sett. If anyone could help this unfortunate badger, it was their Healer, Soffen.
*
Deep beneath Fire Rock, in chambers known only to himself, a deformed old badger sighed. At last, The Messenger had come. Now his plans could progress. Reaching out with his mind, he searched the stranger's thoughts, then frowned. Uncertainty sent a shiver through his body, but his twisted features broke into a smile. He was secure in his own power; no badger could threaten him, not while he had the power of the Dark Healing to help him.

Chapter 2

aaaSoffen glanced at the sky, wrinkling her snout at the glow on the horizon. The sun was rising. Time they got back to the sett. The remaining herbs could be collected tomorrow. She smiled affectionately, watching Raffen sniff at a plant, giggling when the pollen made her sneeze.
"Is this Baneberry?" Raffen asked, dislodging the pollen with a shake of her head.
"No Raffen, that's Ground Elder. Look, there's some Baneberry over there. By that rotting stump."
They'd been collecting herbs for most of the moon. Hemlock, Wormwood, Hyssop, and many other plants Soffen needed to restock her dwindling herbaria. Raffen fetched the Baneberry, studying the unusual colour of Soffen's coat and eyes, which were much lighter than other badgers. Soffen looked back over her shoulder at Raffen, a feeling of warmth suffusing her body. She felt lucky to have such a loyal friend. Most other badgers avoided her, pretending to be busy when she appeared. They were frightened and distrustful of her powers, but that made little difference to the pain such rejection caused. They thought a Healer had no feelings.
Soffen realised, better than most, the Council fostered this distrust, but she could do little to change it. When her father first trained her in the secrets of The Healing, he hadn't explained how lonely her life would be. How her peers would shun her, how even the older badgers would mistrust her. He should have told her what she would endure. If he had, she might well have chosen a different path.
She sighed, trying to shake off the feeling of foreboding overshadowing her spirit. Being a Healer had its compensations, she couldn't deny it, but having close companions was not one of them. She smiled at Raffen again, a tightness closing her throat. Apart from this one sow, the only other badgers she had contact with were those seeking help for some illness or injury, and they quickly disappeared once she treated them.
"Soffen?" Raffen's voice was thick with concern. "You seem so serious. Is something wrong?"
"Sorry, did you say something?" Soffen, still distracted by her inner turmoil, had missed her friend's words. Raffen repeated the question. Soffen shrugged, trying to appear indifferent. "Oh, it's nothing really. I was just thinking about which herbs to gather tomorrow."
"But you look so sad. Are you worried about leaving your cubs on their own?"
Soffen inhaled sharply, her heart fluttering. Raffen knew about the cubs! But how was that possible?
A tingling sensation ran the length of her spine. "How do you know about my cubs? I've told no one."
With a toss of her head, Raffen smiled mischievously. "I know that silly, but you didn't need to tell me. It's been so obvious. I've got eyes, you know. I'm not stupid. Did you really think you could hide being in-cub from me? I spotted it ages ago, before you moved out of the main sett. And look at you now, so slim, so sleek, your coat and eyes all shiny." Making a mock-serious face, Raffen wrinkled her snout. "You may be a Healer, Soffen, but I really wonder about you sometimes." Placing a gentle paw on her friend's flank, she giggled. "You've been the talk of the sett for ages."
Soffen turned away, scrutinising a distant point high in the trees, a sad, almost lost expression clouding her eyes.
Raffen moved closer, rustling the leaves beneath her paws, her playful mood dispersing. "I'm sorry, Soffen, I didn't mean to upset you. Come on, tell me what's troubling you."
Soffen turned back, a half-smile on her lips, torn between wanting to share her secret and the realisation that doing so may place her cubs in mortal danger. Struggling with her conflict, she stared down at the ground. Being a Healer, Soffen knew better than most how the collective mores of the sett far outweighed any individual rights, but that didn't change the turmoil in her mind.
Seeing the strain on her friend's face, Raffen nuzzled the soft fur just behind her ear — a gesture of friendship and comfort all badgers recognised from cubhood. "Whatever it is, you can tell me Soffen, I'm your friend. I love you, nothing can change that."
Soffen stared deeply into her friend's eyes, suddenly overpowered by the need to share, to lighten the burden she was carrying. "You must promise me you won't repeat this to any other badger, Raffen," she blurted,
"Well, if it means that much to you, of course I won't. I promise not to say anything to any badger."
"Even the Custodians?" Soffen stared hard at her friend, then spun away, her words carrying an inflection that was half anger, half regret. "No, it's not fair of me to ask that. I'm sorry, just forget what I've said."
Raffen wrinkled her snout, smiling, coaxing Soffen back to a better mood. "Oh, tush to the Custodians and their silly ways." She giggled mischievously. "Just tell me. I won't repeat anything you say to those fools."
Relieved by her friend's promise, Soffen responded with a smile. "Really Raffen, you shouldn't talk that way about the Custodians. If they overheard you…"
Raffen laughed loudly, shrugging expansively. "Well, what good are they anyway, sitting up there full of their own self-importance. A fine bunch they make, debating what tunnel should go to which badger. Just who do they think they are, that's what I'd like to know? I mean, what use are they if you cut your paw, or need help cubbing? None, that's what. All right when giving orders, but ask them to do anything else." Raffen tutted and winked. "Now you? Well, badgers come from far and wide for your healing powers, don't they? You're worth more than any ten Custodians put together. Oh, I feel so angry about the way they treat you sometimes."
"They're just a little frightened of The Healing," Soffen replied through a grin, even though bitterness tinged her words. "You know, sometimes I really think they see me as a threat and wish I wasn't here."
"Well, if that's true, they're more stupid than I thought!" Raffen retorted. "What threat could you be to anyone? And who would heal us all if you weren't here? Why, we'd be in the most terrible trouble, wouldn't we?"
Soffen lowered her gaze, not wanting her friend to read her expression. She knew Raffen, like most badgers in Brockenhurst Sett, failed to see the significance of the Council in the hierarchy of things.
Soffen patted the ground. "Come and sit next to me. I've something I want to tell you."
Her friend's serious tone troubled Raffen. She could usually dispel Soffen's moods, but this was different. Clearing a space amongst the dead leaves, Raffen settled down next to Soffen, looking at her expectantly.
Soffen poked at an old half-buried pine cone, searching for the right place to begin. "It's true," she acknowledged, picking up the cone and tossing it at nothing in particular, "that I whelped some time ago. Two cubs, in fact." Another cone followed the first. "I've dug a temporary burrow for myself in Low Meadow, by the edge of the big mud pit. That's where my cubs are now."
Raffen shivered. "But it's so cold and wet in Low Meadow. Why didn't you stay in your nice warm sleeping chambers in the main sett?"
Soffen shook her head. "No, I couldn't do that Raffen. You see… well, I just couldn't." Taking a deep breath, she stared earnestly at her friend. "I…" Soffen licked her lips, trying to ease the sticky dryness suddenly filling her mouth. "Well, one of my cubs is…" Stumbling over her words, she let the sentence hang on a long silence.
Concern lit Raffen's eyes. "Soffen, what's the matter? Is one of your cubs ill?"
"Well, it's more than an illness, really." Another long pause, then quickly, urgently, "It has pink eyes," Soffen blinked her own heavily, "and a pink nose." Her next words were a whispered undertone. "Its fur is white, not the silver-grey it should be."
Raffen looked startled. "Your cub's disfigured?" she squealed in a rising voice, shaking her head, eyes wide with fright.
A sob caught in Soffen's throat. "Yes." Looking away, she hid her face. "I know that I should have killed it at birth, but I just couldn't bring myself to do it." Sniffing back her tears, she searched her friend's eyes for a sign of understanding. "I'm a Healer, I couldn't kill my cub. They can't expect that of me."
"But you must!" Raffen's voice cut across the space between them with a sharp, hard edge. "When the Custodians find out what you've done, they'll kill it anyway, and probably banish you from Brockenhurst Sett as well." Placing a paw on Soffen's flank, Raffen emphasised her next words with gentle shakes. "Please Soffen, you must go and tell the Custodians at once, for your own sake. They'll understand."
Soffen shook her head vehemently. "No, I can't do that." She stared into her friend's eyes. "And you, Raffen?" she asked. "Can I trust you to say nothing?"
Raffen looked away, studying the ground, an expression of discomfort creasing her snout. "It's such a big thing to ask," she whispered.
Soffen's stomach lurched as she realised the terrible mistake she'd made. She should have kept her own counsel. Seeking the approval of her friend had been wrong, Raffen would eventually blurt the secret out.
"Soffen, what's happening?" Raffen's voice edged with fear as she looked up at the rapidly darkening sky.
A deep, unnatural calmness unexpectedly gripped the forest. Nothing stirred, even the usually restless leaves hung silently from their branches. The atmosphere was loaded with an urgency; a heaviness that brought a shortness of breath, a tingle of expectation.
Soffen scented the air. "Quickly Raffen, we have to find shelter. There's a storm coming and no ordinary one."
The two friends collected their plants as the storm grew in strength, its heavy energy swirling in and out of the boiling clouds. Soffen, through her training as a Healer, and attuned to the forces of nature, felt the threat gathering overhead.
The unnatural stillness swiftly building around them shattered as a wind howled in from nowhere, and the entire forest shook with its rage. Branches began rattling insanely, and it was impossible to hear anything above the clacker-clacker-clacker rebounding all around them. The sky darkened, its blackness shrouding the billowing clouds. Wind-whipped leaves swirled angrily about their heads, tossed high by the screaming blasts of air.
"Come on," Soffen shouted.
Deep within the forest, a tree groaned, torn from the ground, slamming into a smaller neighbour, snapping it like a twig. The earth trembled as the stricken giant smashed its way downwards, thrusting its mud covered roots at the angry sky in a last futile gesture of appeasement.
The terrified badgers hurried through the rapidly building tempest, battling against the wind, thrown first one way, then another. Soffen did her best to fend off the branches and small bushes swirling around, urgently pulling her friend along the familiar pathways. Fighting the wind, she concentrated her mind on her training, gaining strength from the inner calmness the Healing always gave her. The wind built to an undulating scream, so loud it drowned out the swelling rumbles of thunder shaking the ground. Bright bolts of lightning flickered and hissed overhead.
They pushed their desperate way through the shaking undergrowth; the storm battering them so remorselessly that Soffen, fearing for their lives, almost used her knowledge of the Dark Healing to protect them. A large bush, torn free by the rampaging wind, buffeted into the pair, knocking Soffen from her feet. Raffen screamed, breaking away from the path, running headlong into the storm. Soffen scrabbled upright, running after her friend, almost losing sight of her bobbing figure in the swirling leaves.
She finally caught Raffen, grabbing onto her tail, pulling her into the shelter of a nearby tree. She tried to calm her, stroking her mud-streaked fur as they lay amongst the tangled roots. The old tree groaned and trembled above them, its rough bark trilling as the wind raged across its indentations. It shifted, as if taking its first tentative steps, the straining roots singing and vibrating as they tightened under the strain. Soffen, realising what was about to happen, shouted a warning, and with a mounting panic, hauled Raffen away from the thrumming roots.
They lurched their way out into the full force of the storm, but before they'd taken more than a dozen steps, a long dark shadow loomed overhead. The tree seemed to reach out, reluctant to let them go. For the briefest of moments it hesitated, its long flailing branches writhing in the wind, then slammed down, burying the fleeing figures beneath its tremendous weight.

Chapter 3

After setting out to get help for the stranger, Grey got caught up in the most ferocious storm. It sprang from nowhere, forcing him to shelter beneath a fallen tree, where he heartily cursed the wind as it tried to suck his breath away.
Curling into a tight ball, he did his best to shelter his sensitive snout from the harsh grittiness of the wind-whipped soil, covering his ears against the howling of the wind, trying to think. What should he do? Carry on and fetch the Healer, or go back and stay with the stranger until the storm blew itself out?
 Going back to the sick boar would be of little use; what did he know about the art of Healing? Cursing his luck in running across the badger in the first place, Grey's mind whirled, trying to find a solution to his dilemma.
The old boar finally decided his only choice was to carry on, and hope that he could reach Brockenhurst Sett quickly. As he left the lee of the tree, the full rage of the storm hit him, and it was only the thought of the young badger lying helpless under the mound of leaves that kept him going.
Bent low against the fury of the squall, the old boar thrust his way along the path, battling hard to make any progress against the strong wind. A gust caught him off-guard, buffeting him so violently, it plucked him from his feet, tumbling him along with its fury. A thick bole brought his flight to an abrupt and painful halt. He lay panting in a heap at the base of the tree, soil and small stones pounding his body. Gathering his strength, he staggered to his feet, stumbling into a shallow depression. He lay groaning amongst the sodden roots, trying to recover his breath.
Fighting hard to bring his reeling senses back under control, Grey tried to make sense of the whirling scene raging all round him. Shaking the stinging rain from his eyes, he peered out into the torrent, looking for a way forward through the downpour, heart hammering in his chest.
The tree above him trembled, and all too quickly the trembling turned into wild gyrations, snapping its roots. One flailing end caught Grey a stunning blow across his exposed flank, tossing him high into the air. He landed on his back with a mind-numbing thump. Clawing his way to his feet, he squinted into the lashing rain, trying to ignore the pain lancing his side.
A passionate anger seized him and he screamed at the black clouds. By Homer, he'd beat this storm if it was the last thing he did! He pushed on, time ceasing to have any meaning, as round him the wind shook the giant trees with as much ease as a foraging bird might shake a slender plant in its search for food. The branches were alive with terrifying noises — rattling claws stretching out for him, bringing life to terrors best forgotten. It felt like the entire forest was uprooting itself to march against him, but he persevered, pushing himself hard, slowly winning out against the horrendous forces snapping at his heels.
The wind dropped for a moment, easing the lashing rain, allowing him a brief glimpse of two badgers on the pathway ahead. He set out after them, but the rain renewed its fury and they disappeared from sight.
Not sparing his aching muscles, Grey forced his body forward, adopting a mind-numbing routine that took over his whole being. Struggle a few steps, pause for breath, struggle a few steps, pause for breath — over and over until his actions had no meaning. Grey's legs ached almost beyond endurance, his feet constantly slipping in the sticky mud, the muscles driving him forward weakening, slowing his pace to a crawl. He wouldn't be able to carry on much longer.
Still no sign of the two badgers he'd glimpsed earlier. He could have passed right by them in this murky half-light. Tears of frustration filled his eyes. Somewhere nearby, a tree groaned. Grey paused, ears cocked, trying to locate the direction. Rain streamed from his sodden fur. His skin itched. He trembled with fatigue.
Out of the gloom branches loomed overhead, rattling loudly, threatening to impale him. The tree fell, pulling a smaller neighbour with it, the disjointed staccato noise making him wince.
Breath faltering, Grey shook the rain from his eyes. Had he really seen two badgers break from the base of the falling tree?
Dodging through the undergrowth, their outline hazy in the downpour, the badgers made a mad dash for safety. What the pair didn't see was the tree twisting in their direction. Grey's warning shout went unheard, and he watched, horrified, as the giant trunk split lengthwise before crashing down on them.
Stunned, he gulped wet, earthy air, unable to move. Small branches and leaves cascaded down around him. A branch hit his rump, breaking his inaction. Unmindful of his cuts and bruises, he pushed his way into the heart of the fallen tree, and began a frantic search for the badgers.
Hearing a soft cry, he wriggled under a large branch, ignoring the cold mud oozing into his coat. Struggling to his feet, his breath caught. A young sow lay in her death throes, mewling like a newborn cub. A jagged branch pierced her body, pinning her to the ground. Blood bubbled through her lips as she laboured to fill her lungs. She stared straight at him, her eyes reflecting a terrible pain. Grey recognised her. It was Raffen; for a moment, he'd feared it was the Healer. Pushing aside the relief, Grey rushed to her side, tears stinging his eyes. He nuzzled her neck, trying to comfort her with whispered words.
Raffen coughed, splattering Grey's coat with bright blood. She took a deep, shuddering breath through trembling lips. "Tell Soffen," she whispered. "Tell Soffen — I'm sorry."
Grey patted her flank with a clumsy paw, and called her name, not wanting to admit she was dead, but unable to deny the evidence of his own eyes. He stood by the dead sow for a long time, paw lightly resting on her snout, head bowed in silence, paying his last respects. Finally, with one last glance at the cruelly violated body — the half-closed eyes, delicate snout, small perfect ears — he turned away.
As Grey struggled his way out of the clinging undergrowth, a voice called. "Please… Please help me." Grey tried to pinpoint which direction the voice came from when the voice called again. "Please… I'm hurt. Please help me."
There, under the fallen trunk, on his right.
Grey pushed through the twisted branches, following the weak cries until he located the other badger trapped beneath a thick branch. Working his way closer, he found it was Soffen. "Are you all right? Can you move?" he asked.
Soffen shook her head, her snout wrinkling in pain. "No, my leg's caught. I can't move it."
Grey scrambled under the thick trunk. Soffen's leg lay trapped between the branch and a large rock. He began digging, his thick stubby claws thrusting the earth aside in large scoops. Finally, he loosened the rock enough for Soffen to wrench her leg free. She winced in pain as he helped her up.
"Can you walk? We've got to get you back to the sett."
Soffen took a few tentative steps, limping badly, looking back at him. "Perhaps, if you help me."
Struggling clear of the tree, the pair stood in the lee of a bush for a moment. Soffen's eyes suddenly widened. "Where's Raffen? She was right behind me when the tree fell. Did you see what happened to her?" Taken by surprise, Grey failed to hide his reaction. Soffen clutched at him, digging her claws into his side. "Where is she? Is she hurt? Tell me!"
"She's dead, Soffen. There was nothing I could do. The tree crushed her."
Grey's harsh words cut through her, lancing her heart like a sharp stone. She shook her head wildly, denying the words, her enormous eyes studying Grey's face, imploring him to say it wasn't true. Grey cradled her against his flank, whispering words of comfort as she cried. Eventually, wiping away the last of her tears, she looked up at the Custodian.
"Where is she?" she asked.
Grey nodded towards the twisted branches and silently watched her disappear into the entangled interior. He waited patiently, thoughtfully, lost in his own grief. Raffen had been a happy, well-liked badger; they would miss her laughter.
When Soffen finally reappeared, a hard determination burnt in her eyes. It was apparent something had changed deep within her — something that stirred an uneasy feeling in the pit of Grey's.
"Help me back to my burrow," Soffen said in a quiet voice. "I don't think that I can manage it on my own."
*
After a long and tiring struggle, Grey and Soffen reached the safety of her burrow on the outer edges of Low Meadow, and pushed their way down the narrow entrance tunnel, Grey wondered why any badger would choose such a desolate place to live; the air smelt damp and cold.
Entering the main chamber, he looked about in distaste. "Soffen, why have we come here. Whose burrow is this?"
"Mine," she answered, ignoring his disapproving stare.
He turned to her, bewilderment on his face. "But surely your tunnels are in Bell Clearing, just off the main sett?"
Soffen exhaled deeply. "Yes Grey, but this is where I live now. At least for the present."
He looked about with a sinking sensation. The sett, so unwelcoming, was a terrible place to live. It made no sense. "But why have you moved to such an appalling place?"
Soffen tipped her head, sniffing the air. "Can't you scent them, Grey?" A look of defiance flickered in her eyes.
Grey raised his sensitive snout and there, just beyond the pungency of damp earth and rotting vegetation, he made out a familiar scent. "Cubs," he said, a questioning look flooding his eyes. "But why have you hidden yourself away here and not told the Council? Unless…?" He studied her quizzically, a serious expression creasing his snout.
"Unless there's something wrong?" Soffen finished in a caustic tone. "Is that what you're thinking, Grey?" When the old badger failed to respond, she plunged on recklessly. "Well, you're right, there is something wrong. At least, with one of them." Standing taller, a challenging tilt to her head, she continued in a defiant voice, "He's disfigured."
Grey's breath hissed across his teeth at her bald statement. "And you haven't informed the Council? You've hidden them away here instead?" He looked about in anger, catching her with a piercing stare. "You of all badgers should know better. By Homer, you're a Healer. You use The Way like the rest of us breathe. Surely you're aware of how important it is to follow the creed." Grey's shouted the tenet at her, his voice growing in volume. "You will kill all disfigured, malformed, or aberrant cubs at birth. That's the immutable law, Soffen. You know that. Think of what would happen if we did as we pleased. We must keep ourselves pure to protect our future. It's not open to debate."
Soffen's answer whipped across the enclosed space, and Grey felt its full impact. "Now you listen to me." She took a deep breath to steady her trembling voice. "This goes far beyond the limited knowledge of you, or your precious Custodians. Further even than the ancient laws of The Way!"
Grey's eyes flared at such blasphemy, the fur along his back rising.
"Something dark and powerful happened out there. Something …" Soffen hesitated, searching for the right words, "far beyond our understanding. Something stretching back into our ancient past." Slapping her chest in defiance, she let her voice swell. "I am a Healer, and I know The Way. I have a deep insight into its intricacies. I know the obvious path is not always the right path; the traps that wait for the unwary traveller. And that insight tells me, with no room for doubt, that I should not kill my cub." Then, in a softer but no less challenging tone, "It bids me to do all in my power to find a cure."
"Cure!" Grey's voice boomed off the walls of the small chamber. "Cure? Have you gone completely mad, female? You can't cure a disfigurement. You forget yourself. You're a Healer, not the Prime Mover."
Soffen's voice overflowed with indignation at his attack. "You doubt me, Grey? Knowing my powers as a Healer, you doubt me?"
"Of course I doubt you," he snapped back. "You're too near this thing to realise what you're saying. I have no choice. I will inform the Council at once. I just can't imagine what…" He sputtered to a stop, shaking his head. By Homer, this infuriating female had made him forget why he'd come searching for her. The stranger Brock was still lying out there in the forest!
"Grey, you can't tell the Council." Soffen's eyes blazed with anger. "If you do that, then Raffen will have died for nothing." Confusion clouded the old badger's eyes, but before he could answer, she hurried on. "Raffen threatened to tell the Council, just as you do. The storm killed her, Grey. Don't you understand? Can't you see? It was no accident. The storm sought her out and killed her. She died because she was going to tell the Council."
"ENOUGH!" Soffen jumped as the old Custodian reared up at her. "Enough, I say. I have no time for this arguing. There is something more urgent to do." He hurriedly explained about his meeting with the stranger on the forest path, and how he left the badger to the mercy of the storm. Grey ordered Soffen to accompany him back to the boar.
Soffen heard the old Custodian out, her thoughts swirling. Finally, she shook her head. "No Grey, I won't go."
"Now listen female, he's injured, maybe dying. You're a Healer, he needs your help. It's your duty to attend him."
"And why should I help a Teller of The Way, when The Way commands me to kill my cub? Tell me that, Custodian!"
"Soffen, where's your compassion? This badger has seen his whole sett perish. Would you deny him your help as well?"
Soffen's emotions boiled over into a deep anger. She reared back, spitting her words at Grey with great bitterness. "How dare you! How dare you question my ethics? You… you,,," Taking a deep breath, she steadied herself. "You come here, order me to kill my cub, and then you have the audacity, the insolence, to question my compassion. If I weren't so offended, I'd laugh in your face."
Grey drew himself to his full height, staring hard at Soffen. "We waste time arguing female, and in the meantime the badger suffers. You're a Healer and your sworn duty is to help those in need. Are you turning your back on your responsibilities?"
Soffen studied the old boar for a moment, the angry glint in her eyes subsiding a little as she realised she had a lever. A slight advantage that may save her cub. "If I come with you, Grey, I want your sworn word that you'll delay telling the Council about my cub." Holding up a paw to forestall any objections, she pushed on. "Just two moons. That's all I ask. Two moons. Do you agree?"
Grey hesitated. Being a Custodian, his word bound him. There would be no going back if he agreed. Seeing little harm in the Healer's request, he nodded. "Very well, get yourself ready."
*
The journey back to the Teller was slow and dangerous, the storm constantly lashing them with rain and winds. Soffen was near the end of her strength when Grey finally stopped.
He pointed to a slight hollow in the ground. "I left him there."
"Well, he's not there now. Are you sure this is the place?"
Grey nodded, looking about for signs of the missing badger. Stumbling off the path, he scouted out the wet foliage. Soffen heard a shout. "Over here. Quickly, I've found him."
Hurrying to Grey's side, Soffen spotted a badger lying under the ferns, his fur streaked with mud, sodden from the heavy downpour. Pushing Grey aside, she examined the unconscious boar, poking and prodding him until satisfied she knew what was wrong. He had a nasty wound on his leg; the skin blackened and hard. Although she'd never seen such an injury, she'd heard about them; a burn caused by contact with fire. Along with the burn he had many cuts and bruises, but most were superficial. More serious was the fact he was in deep shock. Soffen knew he might die if she didn't get him back to her burrow, where she could treat him properly.
Leaning close to Grey, she shouted above the roaring wind. "He's in a pretty bad way. We have to get him back to my burrow. There's a nasty wound on his leg and he's suffering from shock. Watch him, I won't be long."
When Soffen reappeared, she carried a piece of fungus and a strange root between her teeth. Telling Grey to hold the boar's mouth open, she quickly chewed the root, letting the juices to flow from her mouth to his. It was a slow process, but she persevered until the last drop. Then she set about treating the burn on the Teller's leg with the fungus she'd gathered. Satisfied she could do no more, she tilted her head, studying the unconscious badger intently, a puzzled expression lining her snout.
"What have you given him, Soffen?"
"A special root. It's very potent. Hopefully, it will stimulate him enough to make the journey back.
"It'll make him better?" Grey prodded at the remnants Soffen had spat onto the forest floor.
"No, but it should help us get him back to my burrow. I can treat him properly once we're there."
Grey looked up into the storm, and the black turbulent clouds above them. "It's a long way." 
Soffen smiled. "Don't worry about the storm, it won't harm us now."
Brock moaned, his eyes flicking open. He looked about in confusion, his gaze settling on Soffen. She stroked his head. "Come on badger, that's it. We can't stay here. You've got to get up now. Come on." Slowly, she coaxed him to his feet. He was unsteady, so she moved closer, supporting him. "Slowly now, there's no hurry."
As the anodyne circulating through the Teller's body took full effect, a wave of vigour swept over him, easing the aches and pains. Shaking the water from his fur, Brock laughed loudly, tossing his head back and forth.
Grey gave Soffen a worried look. "What's he doing? What's going on?"
She smiled confidently. "Don't worry, it's just the effects of the root I've given him. Come on, let's get him back to the burrow before it wears off."
The trio staggered along the slippery path, Soffen's thoughts in a whirl. Ever since the stranger regained consciousness, she'd felt they had met somewhere before, but knew that hadn't happened.

Chapter 4

Grey's gaze wandered back to the cubs. One looked normal, its coat already changing from the early silver-grey of a newborn to the dull brownish-yellow of a youngster. It would take some time yet for the darker blue-grey coat and the black cheek stripes to develop, marking its passage into adulthood.
Grey flicked his gaze to the other cub, turning it over onto its back for a closer inspection. It wriggled, giving a high-pitched whicker, paddling its feet in the air. He studied the white coat intently, then turned his attention to the unnatural pink colouration of the cub's nose and eyes. It was an abomination! Grey had heard of such cubs. The stuff of tales and warnings given to young badgers who did not behave, but he'd never had the misfortune to see one.
Watching the tiny creature squirming on its back, Grey felt affronted, a flicker of unease running along his spine. Unsheathing his claws, he placed one on the tightly rounded belly. A smile touched his lips. It would be so easy to correct this filth. One quick slash would restore the balance. Grey reluctantly turned away, shaking his head at the Healer's actions. What was she thinking of? Whatever, he'd given his word and could do nothing about it for now, but in a few cycles…
Soffen's return interrupted his thoughts. "Is everything alright, Grey?" she asked, as she entered the small chamber in a bustle. Not waiting for an answer, she crossed to her cubs, smiling down at them. "I've treated Brock's wounds and fed him a grouse egg and a few acorns. He'll probably sleep for some time now, until the effects of the Henbane I gave him wear off."
Grey chuckled. "I thought he was going mad out there in the forest." He cocked his head at the entrance tunnel. "Did you see him trying to climb that tree?" Another chuckle, but less prolonged, bitten off with a short bark as a touch of scorn slipped into his voice. "Flying indeed! Who ever heard of such a ridiculous thing?"
Soffen turned from her cubs, her eyes widening. "The root I gave him alters the way we feel things. It's like having a dream where you see and hear things that aren't there." The old badger almost missed her next words, leaning forward to catch them. "I tried it once." Shaking her head at the memory, Soffen continued in a subdued voice, "It was very frightening." She looked away self-consciously, as the bare patch just above her nose turned bright pink. "You know how it feels when you finally corner that adder you've been hunting?"
"When it turns, ready to strike, you mean?"
"Yes, that's it." She paused, gathering her thoughts. "Well, that's the sort of feeling I had when I ate the root, a feeling of exuberance and strength. Total power, but an uneasy awareness of how frail we really are." She hesitated again, staring at the roof of the chamber, beyond such confines in her mind's eye now, out amongst the forest canopy. "I've always thought it must be like how the kestrel feels when she swoops down to make her kill." Dropping her gaze, Soffen stared at the damp floor. "Or perhaps the acorn as it falls to the ground, knowing it will eventually grow tall enough to touch the moon."
Grey shifted uncomfortably, breaking the mood. "That's all very well," he said, nodding at the sleeping cubs, "but let's talk about them. You've forced me to keep your secret for the time being, and I had no choice because I needed your help. But I want you to know that you've put me in a very awkward position with the other Custodians. The sett's power is built on trust and you made me break that. By Homer sow, it doesn't sit easily with me."
Soffen frowned, studying the old Custodian closely, unsure whether the creases furrowing his snout were anger or frustration. "And the other Custodians, do they share your touching preoccupation with trust?"
Grey's eyes narrowed. "And what exactly is that supposed to mean?"
"You know very well, Grey. The Custodians have been abusing their powers for many seasons now." Her stubby tail flicked angrily. "Why, only this winter, Harbrock used his position to get his brother moved to a better sleeping chamber."
"That was a special case."
She barked a short laugh. "Yes, just like all the other special cases." There could be no mistaking the contempt in her voice.
"Enough!"
Grey's retort carried an edge of anger, the hackles rising along his back. Soffen realised she may have pushed him too far. Swinging his head towards her, the old badger growled threateningly, his snout wrinkling in agitation. "You're on hazardous ground, sow. That really is quite enough."
Carefully avoiding eye contact, Soffen went to Grey, dabbing him on the flank. "You're a good badger, Grey, and I respect you for that. But sometimes you're too trusting for your own good." Holding up a paw to forestall any protest, she moved away, then turned back to face him, a sudden determination surging through her. "I have something I must do now, away from here. It'll take some time. Will you look after my cub while I'm gone?"
Grey's anger subsided, and he nodded in sullen agreement. "I can hardly leave them here to fend for themselves, can I?" He surreptitiously studied the small white creature asleep on the bed of leaves, flexing his claws slightly. As much as I'd like to, he thought.
Soffen picked up the object of Grey's scorn by its scruff, making ready to leave the sett.
"But surely you will not risk your cub's life in this terrible storm?" Grey objected, missing the irony of his statement.
Seeing the old Custodian's concern, Soffen put her cub down, answering him slowly, her voice carrying a conviction that surprised both of them. "No Grey, the storm won't harm him." Gazing down at the wriggling youngster with a tenderness that belied the emotions raging in her mind, she smiled. "When he dies, it will be at a time of his own choosing. Not yours, not mine, not the Council's."
With these words still ringing in the chamber, Soffen picked her cub up again and padded out into the storm, leaving Grey to reflect on her words.
*
Grey sat at the entrance to Soffen's burrow for a long time after she'd left, allowing her after-image to fade from his mind. He realised the Healer was a fine-looking badger, even though her coat was lighter than usual. The thought came as a surprise because, like others, he shunned the Healer, only acknowledging her existence when he needed her help for some mishap or other. He smiled, recalling the time — last winter, was it — when he'd gone to her with a sore foot?
Grey was helping block the side tunnels of the sett with dried grass — an early duty undertaken to keep out the winter's raw winds — when a vicious thorn buried itself deeply between the pads of his foot. No matter how hard he tried, he couldn't dislodge it. After much probing and nibbling, he could stand the pain no longer, so reluctantly visited the Healer. She welcomed him warmly, openly, chatting about the things happening around the sett. She led him to a comfortable bed of bracken, enquiring what the problem was. For all the years he was her senior, she sounded like his mother, tutting softly beneath her breath as she went about her work. She gently probed his foot, removing the thorn, treating the wound with a soothing paste made from crushed Hemlock leaves.
Soffen asked Grey to stay awhile, and the pair talked for a long time, just as old friends might. Grey had been grateful for her help, and as he hobbled away up the entrance tunnel, he turned back to face her. "I'll bring something for you, as a thank-you for what you've done," he promised.
But when the pain subsided, so did his gratitude, the 'thank-you' forgotten.
*
Because Soffen used the powers of The Way in her healing, Grey, like most badgers in Brockenhurst Sett, felt uneasy around her. The Council discouraged magic, and it was only because the Healer was so skilled it allowed her such latitude. Pushing the disquieting thoughts aside, Grey returned to the sleeping chamber, looking about for something to do. Soffen's unexplained departure made him edgy. Picking up a stray leaf, he dropped it onto a pile already neatly stacked in one corner, then sat back on his haunches, sighing.
Even though the burrow was obviously a temporary one, Soffen kept it tidy, unlike his own, which was always in a mess. He could see the Healer had done her best to make the burrow comfortable, working the packed earthen floor with deep grooves to draw off any water percolating into the sett. The walls themselves had strange patterns scratched into their surfaces, a reminder that this was the burrow of a Healer. Grey looked away, turning his back on the carvings, exploring instead, the two short tunnels leading off the main one.
One, lined with leaves and dried grasses, contained the sleeping form of the stranger, Brock. Soffen's remaining cub snuggled between his forefeet. Grey's turned to the other tunnel, filled with herbs and strange plants he couldn't identify. He wrinkled his snout as the different fragrances caught his attention. He wandered over, absent-mindedly poking at the collection.
The cub mewled in its sleep, attracting Grey's attention. He wandered back, studying it. Whoever had sired these cubs was keeping silent, and no surprise. Who in their right mind would confess to mating with a Healer? The surprise was the Healer's attitude. He could make no sense of it. Why hadn't she followed the mores of the sett? And what was all this about destiny? The cub mewled again, interrupting his thoughts. Not wanting to disturb the sleeping badgers further, he left the cramped chamber. He would lie in the entrance tunnel and wait for the Healer's return.
The wind howled across the narrow opening, echoing down the tunnel with an undulating groan that set Grey's teeth on edge. Making himself comfortable, he lay in the entrance, half dozing, unaware of the lashing rain and howling winds blowing small bushes and shrubs through the falling sheets of water.
Grey's thoughts turned to where the Healer might have taken her cub. Perhaps she'd killed it? He considered the idea at length. Yes, it made sense. She'd come to her senses and had taken the cub out to kill it.
*
Soffen made excellent progress through the storm and now stood on the higher reaches of Fire Rock. With her cub dangling limply from her mouth, she looked for the best assent. Her feelings were in turmoil. The certainty that had driven her so far waned, so too her confidence that the storm was her ally. She felt small, alone and terrified.
During the scramble over the slippery slopes forming the lower regions of Fire Rock, darkness had fallen. A cold moon mottled the landscape, picking out the pathway ahead with bold shadows, causing foreboding phantoms, which adding to her unease. Reaching the upper slopes, another hazard awaited. Cascading water from the higher escarpments made the going treacherous. It forced her to make many detours, pushing herself to the limit, aware that time was running out. If she was late in reaching her goal —. Soffen quickly discarded the thought. That outcome was far too alarming to contemplate. The higher she climbed, the louder the thunder became, mounting in intensity until its echoes crashed and pounded through her head. She struggled on, clawing her way up the slippery slope, driven upwards by a force that she only half-understood.
Soffen finally staggered onto the summit of Fire Rock, collapsing onto the hard surface in a heap. Painfully finding her feet, she carefully picked up her small, sodden cub. Reeling her way out across the plateau, she ducked as another peal of thunder crashed directly overhead. Squinting her eyes against the harsh lightning now constantly searing the top of the mountain range, she carefully lay her cub at the very centre of the ancient rock.
Struggling to keep her feet in the buffeting wind, she pulled a cord of twisted grasses from around her neck, examining the lodestone threaded onto it. Her father had given it to her, just before his death. It was a powerful and dangerous device; one of the keys to the Dark Healing. Holding it always brought back bitter-sweet memories of her father. Turning it over, she recalled the time she'd listened in rapt fascination as he'd explained its magical powers.
The lodestone sparked so brightly when he'd struck it against another stone, a miniature version of the sheet lightning cascading about her right now. Soffen had watched in awe when he displayed how the lodestone always turned to face the same direction when floated on a piece of bark in water. Now, other than dim memories, the loadstone was her only link with her dead father; the last of the powerful tools he had used during his years as a Healer.
Rolling her cub onto its back, Soffen placed the lodestone between his tiny paws, flinching as another clap of thunder crashed over the plateau, shaking the ground beneath her feet. The loud, rolling rumbles swept overhead, tossing surges of bright light from sky to earth with an eye-stinging brightness. Satisfied, she forced her weary way back to the rim of the plateau and lay huddled in the downpour, anxiously waiting for the Dark Healing to work its magic.
Nothing happened for some time, and she began to doubt she had the strength to finish what she'd begun. It came so quickly she almost missed it. A jagged brightness hurtled from the clouds, engulfing the lodestone and her precious cub. A fierce blue-white light, crackling and dancing over the tiny juddering body. Even from where she lay, at the very edge of the plateau, she could feel the enormous surge of heat thrown out by the aura dancing over the plateau. Eyes wide with terror, Soffen screamed.
The storm ceased. Not slowly, as is usual with such tempests, or even intermittently, as is sometimes the case, but instantly. Fom rage to calm, violence to stillness, as though suddenly frightened by the enormity of what it had done on Fire Rock. Soffen's ears rang with the sudden, stunning silence that fell over the plateau.
As the clouds broke, and the moon washed the scene with bright light, Soffen trembled, too scared to move or think. She could only stare at the spot where a moment before the life force of the angry storm had caressed her cub.
Then, spurred on by a desperate need to know, Soffen ran, shuffling and unsteady at first, but rapidly gathering speed, until she was running flat out, streaking towards the smoking remains that had been her cub.

Chapter 5

Brock woke with a start. He lay on a soft bed of moss, a sleeping cub between his forefeet. Wrinkling his nose, he carefully withdrew his paws from beneath the small cub nestled on top of them and got up. Dismissing the remnants of the dream still lingering in his mind, a strange dream in which he'd been flying through a bright moonlit sky, he looked around.
The chamber was damp and cold, and he had no clue who the owner might be. The last thing he remembered was being in the forest, so how had he got here? Checking that the cub was still asleep, he headed for the surface, seeking some answers. Moving up the sloping entrance tunnel, he heard a storm raging outside. It raised memories of the old badger he'd met on the forest path and the sow who'd given him a horrible tasting potion, and the feeling of euphoric feeling that had followed. They all came flooding back in a rush, crowding in on him, a kaleidoscope of confusing emotions.
Rounding a corner in the tunnel, Brock saw the same old badger he'd met on the path. "You're awake then," the badger greeted him. "I was about to come down and check on you. Are you feeling better now?" Brock nodded, watching narrow-eyed, as the old badger cocked his head. "Can you hear that?" he asked.
Brock's ears twisted towards the entrance. "I can hear the storm," he answered.
Grey frowned "Perhaps I felt it rather than heard it, then. Didn't you hear anything at all?"
"Something," Brock acknowledged reluctantly, "Yes, perhaps something."
Grey nodded. "I'm sure it's got something to do with Soffen."
Brock tipped his head, studying the old badger. "You're the Custodian I met in the forest, aren't you?" Grey nodded. "It's Grey, isn't it? Yes, I remember now. But who's Soffen?"
Grey smiled. "Yes, I'm sorry, you probably don't remember her. Not surprising really, the state you were in. She's our Healer. She helped get you back here, then treated you. This is her burrow."
"Soffen is the female who gave me that strange tasting herb back in the forest?"
Grey barked a short laugh, his snout creasing with fine lines. "Yes, that's right. You remember then?"
A bolt of lightning tore through the dark sky, and they jumped. Brock blinked the after-image away, scenting the ozone on the air. They stared out into the forest, amazement widening their eyes. In the time it had taken the lightning to flicker and die, the storm had vanished, the only reminder, a muted split-splat of raindrops falling from leaf to leaf.
"But this is impossible!" Grey's voice was full of awe.
Brock followed Grey out into the calm air, looking about in amazement. "How can this be? A storm can't just stop this way. " Tipping back his head, he scented the air. It was full of strange aromas. "Do you think this has something to do with your Healer?"
Grey nodded slowly. "Yes, I'm sure it has."
"Where did she go?"
"I don't know. She just asked me to look after you and her cub, then went off out into the storm. That reminds me, I'd better go down and check if the cub's alright."
Once Grey had disappeared, Brock made his way out amongst the trees of the ancient forest. Raising on to his rear legs, he rested his forepaws on the trunk of an elm. Directing his thoughts into the tree's essence, he used the powers of The Way to seek a connection. He stood that way, without moving, for a long time, snout furrowed in concentration. Funnelling his energy into the tree, he moved from ring to ring, hunting through the elm's memories. And there, near the centre, he glimpsed fleetly, the forest's communal life force.
At first it was hesitant, disjointed, channelled as it was through the slender trunk, but it quickly became clearer. In the dim and distant adumbration, Brock finally detected the dying energies of the storm. This was no ordinary storm, linked as it was to The Way. The Prime Mover had fashioned it to fulfil a task as yet unknown.
Brock dropped to his feet, shrugging off the feeling of doom that unexpectedly enveloped him. He made his thoughtful way back to the burrow, wondering why the Healer's image still floated at the back of his mind.
Grey stopped playing with the cub when Brock entered the chamber. He looked a little embarrassed. "The cub is fine," he said, answering an unasked question. "Frightened by all the thunder, that's all."
Brock ignored Grey's remarks, stopping just inside the entrance as a sudden thought struck him. All the things that had been happening — the fire, the meeting with Grey, the peculiar storm, even his treatment by the Healer — were all bound, preordained and outside his control. He faced the old badger with a serious expression. "Grey, I'm sorry to have to ask this, but there's something private I have to do. Would you mind leaving me alone for a while?"
Giving Brock a thoughtful look, Grey nodded, then left the chamber. Out of sight, he slipped back to watch what the young badger was up to.
Once Grey had gone, Brock dropped into a light trance by regulating his breathing, as taught when a neophyte. Calming his thoughts, he used a special breathing technique to circulate air in and out of his lungs in one continuous motion, which saturated his blood with oxygen, allowing a rapid deepening of his trance.
Feeling the familiar light-headedness that preceded Union, Brock channelled his thoughts into the complex patterns necessary to enter the First Path of The Way. In his mind's eye, he joined his being with the Prime Mover, expanding his consciousness until She filled him with Her essence. Welcoming Her vastness, he immersed himself into Her wholeness, falling deeper into his trance, until he became one with the cosmos.
Entering the next path, Brock shook off his links with the physical world. His breathing faltered, almost ceasing altogether. Unmindful of his collapsed body trembling on the damp floor, beyond his control, he continued to travel the paths of The Way.
From his hiding place just outside the chamber entrance, Grey watched Brock collapse. Hurrying to the Teller's side, he saw the young boar was in a deep trance. He lent closer, fascinated by the strange way the young badger was breathing. Along with his fellow Custodians, Grey had spent many a long winter-cycle discussing this very phenomenon, but had never witnessed it. Taking advantage of this unique opportunity, he studied the trembling Teller closely, aware that the young badger's mind was roaming the legends and experiences that were Boddaert's continuum.
Reaching the stage known as Shar, where the mind is free from all physical sensations, existing only as pure thought, Brock tried to lock away his fear. The next step would cast him adrift into an apogee from which there would be no return, and his last tenuous link with the physical world would slip away. He let it come, entering a mindset where all events fused together into six paths, known as, Now.
Brock floated over the collective memories of his race, dipping his mind into the passing elements, as a badger might dip a grass-stem into a wasp's nest to extract the honey hidden there. Immersing himself deeply, he tried to locate a time-line, but the elements were a jumbled madness. This had never happened before.
He gathered strength to cross the threshold to the next path, but something blocked him, a shadow on the fringes of his consciousness. Slipping back to a lower path, he collected himself for another try. Tellers experienced such confusion when slipping from pathway to pathway during training, and many neophytes became disorientated, some so severely they never recovered. Many had likened the feeling to that of a spider riding a twirling sycamore seed in a summer storm.
Grey studied the unconscious Teller closely, searching for small clues that might help him understand the process at work. The Custodians had tried to uncover the techniques used by the Tellers many times in the past, believing such knowledge would give them better control over the destiny of Brockenhurst Sett. Grey was in a unique position to gain control of knowledge that would help him build his own power base. He leant closer, tension building in his chest.
Brock's eyes snapped open, targeted on Grey's. They drew the old boar into a deep pool of blackness, both fascinating and terrifying. The pupils of the Teller's eyes grew in size until they encompassed the whole of Grey's world. He fought to tear his gaze from the emptiness yawning before him, but couldn't. His breathing became more laboured, until he became dizzy, Shaking his head, he tried to make sense of the writhing ribbons of redness licking at the corners of his mind with a harsh hunger.
Grey unexpectedly fought for his sanity, beating at the tenuous images swirling within his brain. Jostling for attention, they sped around his thoughts with a frenzy that churned his stomach. Whispering seductive promises. They beckoned him nearer to the chasm, slipping him away from reality, merging him with their blackness. In those few moments, he relived parts of his life that he'd thought banished forever. Memories he'd no wish to reawaken; memories that should stay buried until his final meeting with the Prime Mover.
Suddenly contact ceased and Grey staggered back, rapidly blinking his eyes. Brock returned from his self-hypnosis, too disorientated to notice the Custodian's distress. He turned to Grey, a red tinged darkness still glazing his eyes. "I need to see the Council. At once," he growled.
*
Soffen reached the centre of the plateau, terrified at what she would find. She'd been wrong trying to evoke such a dark force; to place such faith in her dead father's powers. She'd paid the ultimate price: her cub's life.
Bright moonlight reflected from the smooth surface of the plateau, highlighting the sheer rock wall to the north. The jagged peak threw a dark shadow across the cold surface. Soffen squinted through the smoke-filled air, desperate to catch sight of her cub. The lodestone lay shattered in tiny fragments. Alongside them, a small body lay unmoving.
As the harsh reality bit into her churning stomach, an immense weight bore down on Soffen. A terrible trembling overcame her, tears began streaming down her snout. Then, to her utter astonishment, her cub moved, raising its head to mew at her.
Picking her cub up, Soffen gasped in delight as it squirmed in her mouth. Moving towards the edge of the plateau she examined it, and there, beneath the blackened fur, saw a lighter layer of soft silver-grey. Heart thumping, eyes full of tears, she reached out a trembling paw, touching the black nose, the black pads of the tiny feet. Blinking back her tears, she finally stared into the liquid-brown eyes.
Halfway along the tortuous path leading down from the high plateau, a tiredness suddenly overcame her. Taking shelter by a large rock, she rested, her cub snuggled between her forepaws. Even though she was weak and exhausted, she groomed her cub's new coat, sighing when it whickered and snuggled into her side. Humming a song that her mother had taught her long ago, she continued to comfort her cub with soft caresses and tender words.
"And what shall we call you, my little one, with those beautiful bold stripes?" A name popped into her mind, and she nodded. "Yes, Darkburst, that's it! Darkburst it shall be then."
Soffen was whole and content at last, unaware that she had started a chain of events that would shake the very foundations of Boddaert's Realm itself.

Chapter 6

"The Council will attend to business." The Custodian's booming voice floated out to Brock waiting in the antechamber.
Unable to hide his impatience, Brock paced back and forth while the badgers inside the Grand Chamber discussed the affairs of the sett. Wrinkling his snout in irritation, he calmed himself, realising he could do nothing to hurry the process taking place just a few steps away in the main chamber.
What sort of badgers were these to treat him in such a manner? Back home we would have made a visitor welcome, have offered some worms and a comfortable burrow in which to rest. Brock quickly pushed the thoughts aside, bringing as they did, too many painful memories. Ceasing his agitated pacing, he sat on his haunches and rehearsed what he was going to tell the Council when they finally summoned him. It was important to get this right.
After an interminable wait, came the words he was waiting to hear. "Custodians, a visitor to our sett is outside. He has asked permission to speak to the Council." Brock did not miss the note of contempt in the speaker's voice and wrinkled his snout in puzzlement. "He is a Teller of The Way from the far beyond our mountains."
The announcement caused a buzz of interest amongst the Custodians. Brock's heart beat faster when he realised he was about to address the Council; an undertaking that would intimidate even the bravest of badgers.
"Usher, fetch this Teller before us," the gravelly voice ordered.
A small badger appeared at Brock's side, urgently pulling at his coat. Taking a few deep breaths to calm himself, Brock followed the usher through the short tunnel leading into the Grand Chamber. Entering, he stumbled to a halt, not hearing the usher's urgent whispers to keep moving, overawed by the view.
The magnificent chamber was excavated beneath a gigantic oak tree. Its domed roof so high, it was lost in the darkness far above Brock's head. Countless roots entwined the walls, coiling and twisting through one another in such a complicated pattern they appeared alive. Carved along these roots were intricate patterns that he instantly recognised as ancient symbols of The Way.
As did all Tellers, Brock had memorised the fables and tales of Boddaert's Realm, and as he made his way across the vast chamber, the chronicle of the building of Brockenhurst Sett unexpectedly popped into his mind.
*
Boddaert, first and most powerful Keeper of The Way, and a group of Magi especially trained for the task, constructed the Grand Chamber
Boddaert used his exceptional powers to command the roots of The Chosen Tree to coil about each other until they became an impenetrable mass; a cradle for this most sacred of places, henceforth known as the Grand Chamber. Once completed, he ordered his Magi to carve the Eternal Symbols along each root, using claws sharpened on their master's Lodestone. They toiled non-stop during two moon cycles until the complicated patterns were complete. Then Boddaert sanctified the Grand Chamber with an incantation from the Ancient Rites.
Following the completion of the Grand Chamber, Boddaert oversaw the digging of Brockenhurst Sett, and the forest echoed with the frenzied activity of badgers constructing the deepest sett ever created. The living chambers of this colossal structure were warm and snug, ensuring freedom from the hard winter frosts. The interconnecting tunnels radiated outwards from the imposing Grand Chamber, ensuring a constant supply of fresh air reached even the remotest parts. At regular intervals along the outermost tunnels, internal latrines were dug, an unusual feature then and now.
When the work was complete, Boddaert took his Magi to the top of Fire Rock, and from this high plateau, overlooking Brockenhurst Forest, they undertook a ceremony to mark the beginning of Boddaert's Chronicle — a ceremony lasting five full moons. Many badgers died during this self-imposed fast, giving their lives willingly, knowing they were sacrificing themselves for the good of all, and that the Prime Mover would repay such dedication a thousand-fold.
Finally, at the height of the winter solstice, Boddaert cast his last spell, delving deeply into his knowledge of The Way. Standing tall, he coalesced with the natural order. There, at the very centre of the plateau, surrounded by his remaining Magi, the great badger threw back his head, his now sightless eyes searching the dark skies. Taking a deep breath he sang, and from his lips rose the beautiful sounds of Crom's Elegy for the Dead.
He sang for three moons, ignoring the pain racking his body; the thirst cracking his lips; the surrounding dead. He poured forth the complicated notes until, on the fourth moon, it rewarded his faith.
She appeared to him on a slim column of fire, undefined and insubstantial, growing in strength with every stanza of Her song. The fire that was Her essence pulsated and swirled with such intensity it stung the eyes of all who beheld Her. So fierce was Her being that even Boddaert's sightless eyes saw the mythical light. She thrust upwards from the smooth surface of the plateau, a shimmering energy that splintered into a myriad fragments against the low clouds. Lightning rent the boiling greyness with great splashes of bright light. Primeval forces flowed from Her deep cradle in the ground to Her high sett in the sky, and with them flowed Boddaert's spirit, leaving his body a cold, empty shell. Here began the Legend that foretold a new beginning born of the old; a new challenge that would break loose from the very heart of Fire Rock itself.
*
"Come nearer, badger!" The harsh voice dragged Brock back from his reflections. Surreptitiously studying his surroundings, he followed the usher's bobbing back across the open space.
At the far end of the Grand Chamber, the oak's taproot thrust downwards through the roof, covering a vast distance before ramming into the packed earthen floor. High above his head, Brock spotted an opening carved into the taproot from where the speaker addressed him. The boar carried an unmistakable air of authority. Glaring down, he beckoned Brock forward with an impatient gesture. The usher hustled him into position before the assembly. Brock's gaze traced the gnarled old taproot upwards until he was staring at the roof far above, overwhelmed by its sheer size.
The Preceptor spoke again from his high perch, and such was the structure of the Grand Chamber that every word was distinct. "Grey informs me you have demanded a hearing, Teller."
The curt manner offended Brock, but he ignored it, swallowing his nervousness. It came as a shock to realise he'd forgotten what he wanted to say. For many moons, he'd cajoled and pleaded with Grey to get him a hearing, and now here he stood, his mind a complete blank. Something buzzed at the back of his mind like an angry wasp, confusing his thoughts. Why was his attention wandering this way?
Shaking his head, he looked about, studying the Grand Chamber. It was a beautiful place, no badger could doubt that, but lacked the special spark that had been the life force of High Green. No, even with all its beauty, this place would never fill the terrible emptiness gnawing away inside him. The sadness of unfulfilled dreams, shattered hopes and lost loved ones.
"Teller, you demanded a hearing. You insisted you had something of import to tell us, yet you stand there like some tongue-tied cub!" The Preceptor's sigh of annoyance was audible to all in the chamber.
Brock stared up at the shadowy figure above him, struggling to order his thoughts. Biting back a sharp retort, he bowed his head. Using the ancient title, as Grey had advised, he answered. "Preceptor, I have journeyed here from High Green, my home sett. A terrible fire destroyed it. It lies… lay, across the Brockenhurst Mountains. We had no Council like yours, our sett being smaller but…"
The Preceptor's voice whipped down, thick with sarcasm. "Teller, we have already heard all this trivia from Custodian Grey, so I suggest you dispense with protocol and get on with it."
Surprised by the unexpected reprimand, Brock looked at Grey for support, but the old boar wrinkled his snout, glancing away uncomfortably. Brock swung his gaze back to the Preceptor, glaring up at him angrily.
"Well, Teller," the Preceptor prompted again. "We're waiting."
Narrowing his eyes, Brock took a deep breath. "I came here because I saw…" pausing, he gathered his courage, "a vision that…
Once more the Preceptor's voice lashed down, interrupting him. "Yes, we were told how you hid away like some half-wit coward while the rest of your sett perished." The pause was just long enough for the barb to bite home. "So perhaps you would be kind enough to explain why we should waste our time listening to tales of visions?"
Brock trembled, his anger welling up almost beyond control. The fur along his back rose in a ridge, and without thinking, he unsheathed his claws. Ignoring the murmurs this hostile act drew from the Custodians, he shouted back at the Preceptor, "How dare you address me in such a manner!"
A glint of satisfaction lit the Preceptor's eyes as he studied the Teller below. "Never raise your voice here, badger," he warned quietly. "Not even a Custodian has that privilege, let alone a badger such as you. When I speak, you listen. When I question, you answer. That and no more. Now wait outside while we discuss this matter."
Turning his back to dismiss Brock, The Preceptor disappeared into the interior of the taproot opening. The usher reappeared at Brock's side, nudging him urgently when he continued to stare open-mouthed at the empty chamber far above him. Fighting the temptation to brush the annoying badger aside, Brock gathered his dignity as best he could, and stalked from the Grand Chamber. Ignoring the usher's urgent whispers to wait within the antechamber, Brock made directly for the exit tunnel. With a mounting sense of frustration and anger, he burst from the sett, heading out into the bright moonlight. He needed to talk to Soffen.
*
Brock found Soffen in her special glade, hidden deep within the remotest part of Brockenhurst Forest. It was here that she came when she wanted to be alone. The sun was breaking, and he stood quietly amongst the tall bracken fronds watching her, only half-conscious of the nearby Redstarts and Hawfinches going about their business. He was close enough to hear her quiet sobs. Embarrassed by this unintentional intrusion, he turned to leave, disturbing a nesting Blackcap. The bird shrilled an angry warning as it flew into the trees on the far side of the clearing.
"Who's there?" Soffen's light voice asked.
Pushing the bracken aside, Brock stepped into view. "It's only me, Soffen. I'm sorry if I disturbed you."
She smiled shyly, sniffing back her tears. Then, wrinkling her snout in an attempt at light-heartedness, she cocked her head. "Were you spying on me, Brock?"
He felt the small patch of bare skin just above his nose grow hot, and wriggled uncomfortably under her stare. "I'm sorry, Soffen, I didn't mean to intrude on your privacy. I was just…" He faltered to a stop.
The Healer's gentle laugh echoed across the glade, and she dabbed his flank. "Why, you look so flustered," she taunted playfully. "I believe I've embarrassed you."
Brock nodded once, then sighing heavily, settled down beside her.
"What is it, Brock?"
"I've been to see the Council." His voice was flat, bitter.
Soffen nodded. "And they didn't listen to you." It was a statement, not a question.
Brock shrugged. "The Preceptor treated me with utter contempt. It was so humiliating." He glanced at her, noting the concern deep within her eyes. 
"You still don't understand, do you?" she berated him lightly. "The Preceptor and his Custodians are frightened of you." She tapped his temple lightly. "Up here, you carry our history. All the facts and happenings that make us what we are." Glancing away, she absentmindedly flicked her stubby tail, dislodging a foraging ant that had slipped through the coarse guard hairs to nip at her skin. "That knowledge is power," she whispered. "When you go to them with stories of death and rebirth, it's no surprise they're suspicious."
"I didn't mention rebirth," Brock protested.
Soffen wrinkled her snout. "But your vision did Brock. It described the start of a new cycle. What's that, if not rebirth?"
Brock glanced at the tall trees, uncertainty lining his snout, considering Soffen's statement. "Well, perhaps you're right," he conceded after a few moments.
"And what role do the Custodians have in this vision of yours?"
"I don't know."
"Exactly," Soffen said, as though Brock had made her point for her. She moved closer. "Look, Brock, the Custodians are unsettled. At present they control Brockenhurst Sett, and through that, all the other setts in Brockenhurst Valley. Something they've done for generations. They've worked hard to make this a safe place to live, and in return we've given them the power to rule over us. Now you come along, with your stories of death and destruction." Furrowing her snout, Soffen looked at him. "I'm sorry to say this Brock, but it's no wonder they don't want to hear what you have to say."
"But ignoring the facts won't change them," Brock protested. With a headshake, he quickly apologised. "I'm sorry, it's not your fault. I shouldn't be taking it out on you like this. It's just that every instinct tells me Brockenhurst Sett is in real danger."
"Have you explained your concerns to Grey?" Soffen asked.
Brock nodded as he answered. "Well partly, but I thought it would have more impact when he heard the whole thing at the Council Meeting." Barking a derisive laugh, he wrinkled his snout. "But they gave me no chance to explain. Instead, the Preceptor treated me like a two-moon cub."
Soffen slapped her paw on the ground, giving a grunt of satisfaction as she caught a beetle scuttling from beneath a nearby stone. Putting it in her mouth, she chewed for a time, lost in her thoughts.
Brock, reluctant to interrupt the Healer's private musings, watched the antics of two squirrels chasing one another up and down a nearby tree.
When Soffen finally spoke, her voice was more assured. "You know Brock, Grey's not like the other Custodians. He cares deeply about Brockenhurst Sett, and if he really thought it threatened, I'm sure he'd do all in his power to help. We must make him realise the importance of your vision."
Brock poked aimlessly at the ground for a moment, the gentle breeze ruffling the guard hairs on his ears, wondering what else he could do to win the old Custodian over. He looked up, a determined glint in his eyes. "I must convince him somehow. I must make the Council see the danger."
Soffen shook her head impatiently. "Brock, why do you insist on involving the Council in this?"
"What else can I do? I can't do this on my own. I need the Council's help."
"But I can help you," she replied, touching him lightly to stop his protest. "No, hear me out. We're both practised in the art of The Way. You're a Teller, I'm a Healer. That's a powerful combination. Your vision hints that Boddaert's Magic can help protect Brockenhurst Sett. Well, who stands the best chance of finding it, us or the Council?" Soffen paused, studying Brock closely. "Think about it. It's like it brought us together for this very purpose. Can't you feel it? The affinity of our first meeting?"
Brock shook his head in confusion. "I don't know. It's not that simple."
Soffen grabbed his paw excitedly. "But of course it's that simple. Together we can do this. You know we can."
"No Soffen, I really don't think so. The Preceptor guards the Sacred Roots, and we need those to guide us to Boddaert's Magic. Without the Sacred Roots, we wouldn't stand a chance."
Soffen nodded in agreement. "But don't you see? That's where Grey comes in. He's got access to the Sacred Roots. He can get them for us."
Brock looked dubious. "Do you think Grey would do that?" Considering the possibility for a moment, Brock shook his head. "No, I don't think he would."
Soffen tilted her head, a distant look in her eyes. "You leave Grey to me."
"And what about your cubs? You can't just go off in search of Boddaert's Magic and leave them behind."
"For goodness' sake, Brock! They're more than old enough to come with us."
"It's not just that," he countered, placing a paw on her flank, pointing to the clearing in which they stood. "It's all this. If they discover we've taken the Sacred Roots, the Custodians would never allow us back. Could you live with that?"
Soffen exhaled deeply, gazing at the familiar trees. "And what has life to offer me here? I'm a Healer. Few badgers will talk to me, and I've lost the only friend I ever really had." She shivered in the fading moonlight, staring up at the stars with bright, unfocussed eyes, remembering Raffen's laughter as they'd collected plants in the forest — memories best forgotten. "You told me once that your sett differed from this. That badgers there didn't shun each other just because one was a Healer, or a Teller of The Way. Well, that's what I want for my cubs. Friendship and companionship, and perhaps someone to share my life with."
As Soffen lapsed into silence, Brock shifted uncomfortably. It was some time before Soffen spoke again, but when she did, her voice held a wistful note. "There must be another sett out there somewhere," she whispered softly, "where badgers live together with tolerance and understanding. Help me find a sett like that, Brock, and I'll help you find Boddaert's Magic."
Seeing the tears suffusing Soffen's eyes, Brock moved closer, trying to comfort her, patting ineffectually at her flank. Soffen finally managed a self-conscious half smile. "I'm all right," she said.
Brock nuzzled gently at her neck. "Come on, let's get back to your sett and find some worms. If we're going to invite Grey over, we'll need plenty of those. You know what a greedy old badger he is." They laughed in unison, breaking the black mood that had enveloped them.
As Soffen followed Brock's broad back on the path, she deliberately trod in his footsteps, trying to come to terms with the feelings that were welling up inside her. Feelings that centred more and more around the badger ambling along in front of her.

Chapter 7

Grindel tapped his claws on the stone floor, frustrated at being kept waiting so long. Glancing at the sweating rock walls, he shivered, ruffling his coat against the cold. No matter how many times Skelda summoned him, he was always unprepared for the sombre experience of this dreadful place. Coughing quietly, he wrinkled his snout against the foul smells. Settling down to wait, he passed the time going over what he would say, determined that, this time would be different. When finally admitted to the inner chamber, there would be no fawning or deferential adulation, no flattery or false praises. This time he would be in control.
Grindle glanced about the filthy charnel house, bile rising in his throat. Unsuccessfully, he tried to ignore the heaps of bones and rotting carcasses laying in the dark corners. Black liquid oozed from one pile of putrefying flesh, running across the floor to collect in a dark pool, busily attended by carrion beetles. Eyes widening, he studied the familiar shape tossed carelessly on top of the sickening mass. The black and white stripes were plainly visible through a thick coating of congealed blood. Stumbling forward, repelled and fascinated, he tentatively reached out a trembling paw towards the severed head. Raffen? Could this be Raffen?
"Grindel!"
Grindel's name rebounded from the dank walls. He froze, paw still outstretched.
"Come here, badger."
Turning away from his grisly discovery, Grindel hastily entered the inner chamber, all thoughts of rebellion vanishing once he stood before the bent and twisted old figure dominating the small space. Lowering his snout, he touched it to the slime-coated floor in the expected gesture of subjugation.
"Have you carried out my instructions?" The voice was harsh and gritty.
Keeping his gaze on the floor, Grindel nodded. "Yes, Skelda. I gave the Teller no chance to speak. He became disorientated, as you said he would."
The gnarled head bobbed slowly. "Good. That's good. And what was his reaction?"
Grindel studied the misshapen badger surreptitiously, not daring to look directly at him, but ever watchful for signs of approval. "He left the chamber in confusion. He appeared upset."
"And where is he now?"
"With the Healer. The one called Soffen." A brief pause, followed by, "But…" Skelda raised his snout slightly, giving Grindel permission to continue. Grindel took a breath before plunging on, "I was wondering how you did that at such a distance."
The distorted head bobbed again. "The Dark Healing works well under my command, Preceptor. You would do well to remember that."
The gaunt, twisted figure studying Grindel with such intensity, carried about it the smell of death. Patches of discoloured skin were visible through the dull, sparse coat. A deformed spine made movement more a shuffle than a walk, and a cancerous growth, glistening in the dim light, covered most of the head. The boar's one seeing eye stared with such obvious ill humour, it terrified those unlucky enough to attract his attention. No matter how hard he tried, Grindel could not bring himself to think of this creature as anything other than pure evil.
"Even as we speak," the gruff voice continued, "the Teller and Healer are planning a journey to find Boddaert's Magic. To undertake such a trip, they'll want access to the Sacred Roots."
While in no position to question this statement, Grindel didn't doubt its validity. The badger facing him had proved repeatedly his access to powerful magic.
Skelda smiled. Twisted his features into an even more grotesque mask. "They'll enlist Grey's help to get the Sacred Roots. He will be the one who betrays us."
"But he would never do that." Grindel immediately lowered his gaze, realising the terrible mistake he'd made. Bitter experience had taught him Skelda brooked no contradiction.
Moving with astonishing speed, the deformed badger pushed a claw deep into the Preceptor's ear, twisting it savagely. Grindel, overwhelmed by pain, dropped to the floor. He begged Skelda to stop the sadistic attack. His screams echoed off the walls, and he could do little more than find some small corner of his mind in which to escape the torment. As suddenly as it had started, the pain stopped.
"Grindel," Skelda's voice dripped with the honeyed tones. "I believe I've warned you before about questioning my judgement?"
The Preceptor could only manage a hoarse whisper. "Yes."
"Then I trust you will not repeat it?"
"No, Skelda."
Skelda smiled, nodding benignly. "Good. Very good." Settling his bloated body into a more comfortable position, he stared hard at the fawning badger. "Now listen carefully, because I want no mistakes. Allow Grey access to the Sacred Roots, but do it in such a manner that it won't arouse his suspicion. Tell him you're going away on a trip or something. That should do it. Tell him you want him to take over your duties while you're gone." Skelda smiled again, his eyes blazing with inner excitement. "Once they have the Sacred Roots, they'll be able to begin their search."
"And when will that be?" Grindel asked sulkily, still favouring his injured ear.
"Use your head, idiot. They'll hardly leave just as winter is making ready to set in. They'll delay until spring brings new life to the forest."
The Preceptor lowered his head in respect. "Forgive me for being so stupid, Skelda. But why can't I just find out from the Teller what he so obviously wants to tell us and save all this subterfuge?"
Skelda studied the cringing Preceptor carefully. Was this badger really so stupid, or playing some game of his own? Had Grindel worked out it was impossible for him, caught as he was in a deformed body, to leave these dank tunnels? That, without Boddaert's Magic to make him whole, he'd be trapped here until he died? He shuddered at the thought of what might happen should the Preceptor ever gain control of Boddaert's Magic before he did.
Finally, curling his upper lip in contempt, he snapped, "You try my patience, badger!" The underlying threat was implicit in his tone.
"I'm sorry, Skelda," Grindel purred. "Forgive me. I'm but a simple badger, and like all simple creatures, I follow the most obvious path."
Skelda sighed impatiently. "If we allow the Teller to convince the Council that Brockenhurst Sett is in danger, they must help him. Should that happen, we'll have no chance of keeping the magic for ourselves. This way, he must get together a party of like-minded badgers to help him seek it out. Given half a chance, the Council will interfere, and neither of us want that."
"But why can't I go instead?"
"Because only one badger can survive direct contact with Boddaert's Magic, and that badger isn't you."
Grindel wrinkled his snout. "I see Skelda."
"I doubt that," the deformed old boar snapped back. "Go on. Get out!" Grindel turned to leave. "No wait, there's something I want you to do."
After receiving his instructions, Grindel backed from the inner chamber, heaving a silent sigh of relief to have survived yet another meeting with Skelda. Each time the meetings were harder to take. Pushing aside such thoughts, he headed for his sleeping chambers to plan his next move. The move that would put him in possession of Boddaert's Magic.
*
Grindel backed out of the chamber, and Skelda's features relaxed into something that might have been a smile. On such a deformed countenance, it was hard to tell. Scratching at a suppurating patch of bare skin near his tail, he grunted softly. Not because the wound hurt, that had stopped long ago, but because every new malaise only reminded him of how little time it left. Leaving the chamber, he made his way along tunnels known only to him. He mumbled softly to himself, a habit that was growing more frequent of late. He barked a short laugh, recalling Grindel's past attempts at trying to outwit him. The Preceptor would never accomplish that. "Not so long as I'm alive, my wily friend. Not so long as I'm alive."
Entering his sleeping chamber, Skelda exhaled, glad to be out of the oppressive tunnels. The walls were too straight, the floors too smooth, the unnatural smell offensive. Settling himself down on a bed of moss, he dismissed the tunnels, turning his mind to the future. A future where he would run through the tunnels like a young badger; a future when Boddaert's Magic would return his failing body to the youthful and vigorous thing it had once been.
As Skelda dreamt of his future, savouring his dominion over all badgers, the sun slid behind the horizon, bringing the moon's dark shroud across Brockenhurst Forest. The falling temperature stirred badgers in their warm chambers into readying themselves for the moon's foraging.
*
Over the following moons, the darkness lengthened and chill winds turned the last of the heather brown. Throughout the sett, badgers hurried about their business, fattening themselves for harsher times ahead. Mists gathered between the trees, swirling about with inquisitive fingers that touched every surface. The first snowflake hit the ground, disappearing before any badger saw its descent. Shortly the air filled with drifting flakes, covering the dormant shrubs, branches and tree trunks. Trees donned their frosty mantle and the coldest season cupped Brockenhurst Valley in its chilly embrace. Snow turned the sun's cycle into white swathes, the moon's cycle into reflecting points of sparkling light. It was time to stuff the entrance tunnels with grass and retire until the warm cycle returned.

Chapter 8

The winter was harsh and cold, with most badgers semi-dormant in their snug sleeping chambers. During the prolonged cold period the sett took on its usual familiar smells, brought on by the blocked entrances and fermenting leaves. The musty scent spread through the tunnels and chambers, making them a secure and pleasant place to be. The occasional throaty purr of a mating adult, or the deep warning growl of an aggressive encounter echoed through the tunnels, but mostly the sett settled into the quiet, slow rhythm of winter.
Everywhere life slowed, taking on a less hurried tempo, keeping pace with the growing icicles; long teardrops hanging from bare-limbed trees. Deep within Brockenhurst Forest, the Aro Brook wound its slow way through the trees, gurgling and muttering to itself when the ice encrusted banks widened to flow onto the flat plains of Low Meadow. And so winter passed, as had many winters before.
*
Spring was Grey's favourite season. A time when daffodils thrust aside dead leaves, splashing the dull-brown accumulation with vivid yellow reflections. A time of new growth, new life, new hope.
He stood now, just outside the sett entrance, taking a brief break from the chores of chasing out the rabbits, foxes and other small creatures that had taken advantage of the sett's warm interior during the winter-cycle. Breaking open a snail's shell, he nibbled the delicate flesh, pondering what had happened to Soffen and Brock during the long winter months.
During the harsh winter, Soffen's cubs had grown. Broshee, the image of her mother, had an impish manner, endearing her to everyone. Darkburst, who'd kept mostly to himself, appeared surly and moody. Both cubs had visited the sett frequently during the winter-cycle, Broshee making several new friends. Darkburst hadn't fared so well. The only friend he made was Grindel, The Preceptor. Their friendship became so close that Darkburst used the Preceptor's name, a rare privilege.
Grey scratched his snout, watching a large beetle scuttle its way under a nearby stone, then glanced up to study the piles of earth thrown up around the sett. His father always said the earth-works told the size of the sett below. From the proportions of the embankment fronting Brockenhurst Sett, the area it covered would impress any badger. Back in the upper tunnels, Grey could hear other badgers moving about. It was time he returned to his work. He sighed gently, settling into a more comfortable position. He would go shortly. First, he had some thinking to do, and there was always the question of that fat beetle.
During Soffen and Brock's only winter visit with Grey. The trio discussed Brock's vision at length, exploring it in every detail. Brock's interpretation was part fact, part revelation, so the conversation was stilted and difficult. Soffen accepted Brock's vision without hesitation, convinced that the events foretold would happen. Grey remained sceptical, finding such a catastrophe impossible to accept, especially as there were no hard facts. To him, it was inconceivable that Brockenhurst Sett could erupt into an expanding fireball, devouring all before it — that badgers would die horrible deaths, beating at flames that sprang into life on their fur. To him, Brock's vision was madness.
To help make his case, Brock dropped into a trance, using his powers to reach back through time and discover what history said about Boddaert's Magic. Recovering from his trance, he told them how, following the last spell cast by Boddaert, the surviving Magi had discovered their master's dead body. Frightened by the magical powers it still contained, they hid it deep within a crevasse on the Brockenhurst Plains.
The body lay for generations, until Evaert, twenty-third in line of succession, found it. This puissant badger, hopelessly lost to the forces of the Dark Healing, planned to use the powerful magic of Boddaert's remains to further his own ambitions. What followed was a dark period in badger history. With the power given him by the relic, he set out on a campaign of butchery and destruction, bent on conquering all of Boddaert's lands, until the intervention of Bawsen, a fabled fighter from Badachro, finally put an end to his tyranny.
After Evaert's defeat, Bawsen determined that such a thing would never happen again and assembled the first Custodians of The Way. He ordered them to form a Council, which he then instructed on the history of the badger's race, starting the first line of Tellers. Bawsen split Boddaert's remains into three parts — the Circle of Claws, the White Coat, and the Fire Soul — hiding them in separate places. The Fire Soul he buried beneath Fire Rock, but the White Coat and Circle of Claws he hid far from Brockenhurst Forest. Before he died, Bawsen carved the whereabouts of Boddaert's remains on the Sacred Roots, knowing that only a badger expert in using The Way could ever decipher the locations and unify Boddaert's body again.
Grey listened to Brock's account with intense concentration. He had heard the story before as a young badger, but it carried more weight coming from a Teller's lips. After Brock had finished, Grey wandered off on his own to ponder on what he'd heard.
In the end, after much consideration, the old Custodian returned and reluctantly agreed to join their search.
*
Once winter had eased its frigid grip on Brockenhurst Valley, Brock was keen to begin his search for Boddaert's Magic. The three conspirators, rightly cautious about their plans, met in a secluded glade.
While waiting for the others to arrive, Grey dug around in the earth for a bluebell bulb. Tutting at his failure, he dug up a grub instead. The sounds of the forest surrounded him. Rustling leaves; the shrill 'ke-wick' of a tawny owl; the steady tap of a wood-boring beetle searching for food. He revelled in the sounds, loving the forest with a passion deeper than mere feeling. It was an empathetic and intimate bonding with the Prime Mover that could find no expression in words.
He exhaled loudly. He'd spent a lot of time since Brock and Soffen's visit going over the arguments in his mind, unsure they were doing the right thing. They were asking him to gamble all this on a vision with no more substance than a cub's dream. If caught, they faced banishment from this wonderful place forever.
Soffen's greeting dragged Grey back to the present, and he carefully put the half-eaten grub to one side so he could finish it later.
"Look," he began as soon as Brock appeared, "I'm sorry if I'm less than enthusiastic about all this, but I've been thinking. I don't think Boddaert's Magic really exists, let alone that it's the answer to saving Brockenhurst Sett. I mean, how do I know your vision has any substance at all and isn't remorse?"
Brock glanced at Soffen, then back at Grey. "We discussed this the last time we met. I don't know for certain, I've admitted that. Visions aren't…" Casting about for the right words, he shrugged. "Well, a certainty." Gesturing, he frowned. "They're a mixture of fact and fiction, stories, fables, happenings and dreams. All coming together in a crux. Nether-the-less, they hold the kernel of truth. Even when I travel the paths of The Way, the truth remains elusive. You know this."
"You feel the vision to be genuine!" Grey responded with sarcasm. "And on that fallacious evidence, you expect me to chance everything. On the foundation of this fantasy, you expect me to throw away all the advantages I've built up over the seasons." The stinging retort hurt Brock, but he kept silent as Grey continued. "Toss it away on some search that will prove utterly futile?"
Soffen stepped between them, trying to defuse the growing tension. "Grey, the only way to save Brockenhurst Sett is to find Boddaert's Magic. Listen to Brock, he's a Teller of The Way. He knows."
Grey turned away. "Yes, he's a Teller alright, but that doesn't make him infallible."
Soffen tried to reason with the old Custodian. "Please Grey, listen to him. He's trying to help us."
Grey frowned. "So why involve me in this mad scheme of yours? If you already know what you have to do, do it and leave me out of it." Grey didn't miss the look that flashed between Brock and Soffen.
"Because the Legends only tell what happened to Boddaert's body, not where his remains are. We don't know where to search." Brock stared Grey straight in the eyes. "Those secrets lay on the Sacred Roots."
Grey shook his head, the rolls of fat down his flanks shimmering in response. "By Homer, Brock, no!. You ask that of me? I won't do that."
Soffen placed a paw on Grey's flank, gazing up at him. "We can't do this without you, Grey. We need your help. You're the only one who has access to the Sacred Roots."
Grey backed away. "I've already taken a significant risk on your behalf. Now you ask me to steal the Sacred Roots." His voice dropped to a whisper. "By Homer, if I do that, there'll be no future for me here, ever!"
Soffen stamped her foot. "And what future do you think there'll be for you if we don't stop Brock's vision from becoming reality? Tell me that badger!"
Brock's hard voice thrust between them. "And what would the Council say if they found out that a certain Custodian had kept information about a disfigured cub from them?" His eyes bored into Grey's. "How do you think they might react to that news?"
Grey glowered back at him. "You'd do that? After all the help I've given you? You'd really do that?"
Brock nodded slowly, glaring back at the Custodian intently. "If you forced me to, yes."
The old Custodian exhaled deeply, sitting back on his haunches. Sniffing the light breeze, he wrinkled his snout at the crisp scents. Spring had come, heralding new beginnings. Maybe this was such a new beginning. Feeling cheated, he shuddered, wondering if this would be the last time he'd see his beloved Brockenhurst Forest shake itself free of its winter mantle.

Chapter 9

"And this is the Grand Chamber where I oversee the Council Meetings." Darkburst heard the ring of pride in the Preceptor's voice as he paraded Brockenhurst Sett's seat of power.
They'd climbed the long sloping tunnel leading to the taproot chamber, talking animatedly as they went. Darkburst, a touch overawed at the prospect of seeing the legendary enclosure, stumbled to a stop at the edge of the opening, gazing out into the colossal space spread out below. Head slowly turning from side to side, he drank in every detail. The enormous expanse of floor still holding the Magi's teeth-marks, even after the generations of badgers who'd walked across its sanctified surface; the walls covered with deliciously delicate patterns; the vaulted ceiling disappearing above his head. Closing his eyes, he breathed deeply, imaging how it must feel addressing the Council from such a position of power.
The Preceptor stood beside Darkburst, pointing at the vast chamber below. "Wherever you stand down there, you can hear every word spoken from here. Such was the skill of Boddaert, even the quietest whisper will carry to the furthest corner."
Darkburst turned his back on the Grand Chamber, his gaze wandering over the taproot chamber walls. They were covered with innumerable small marks carved into the hard heartwood, the rich patterns dazzled his eyes with a confusion of interesting shapes. Staring at them, he felt dizzy.
"Come, stand here, Darkburst." The Preceptor beckoned the young badger to the very centre of the chamber. "Now, look carefully at the carvings on the wall over there." Grindel pointed at a tight-knit group of images. They flowed upwards from the floor, following the gently curving grain of the taproot. Darkburst stared at the carvings and his dizziness increased. "Concentrate now. Concentrate really hard. That's it, let your mind take in the carvings," Grindel whispered behind him.
Darkburst gasped when the carvings unexpectedly coalesced into a view of Brockenhurst Forest. He blinked in astonishment, and the view disappeared. "A vision," he whispered through dry lips. "I saw a vision of the forest."
The Preceptor chuckled in delight, nodding his head eagerly. "Legend has it that Boddaert himself carved these. They possess magical properties which produce illusions if you stare hard enough. Though try as I may, I've never seen them."
Darkburst's eyes widened. "But yes, that's exactly what happened. I saw a scene of Brockenhurst Forest."
Grindel's smile broadened. He winked. "Yes, I had an idea you might."
"But why? Why would I see something that you cannot?"
"Because you're the son of a Healer, with the power of The Way running in your blood. If it would work for any badger, it would work for you."
"Can I try again? Please?"
The Preceptor nodded. "Of course, youngster. Try a different carving. Look, that one over there, perhaps you'll see something different."
"Is that possible?"
"It's said each carving holds a different illusion. Though why that should be, I'm not sure."
Darkburst stood in the centre of the chamber, staring hard at the carvings, eyes narrowed in concentration, excitement tightening his chest. Even though he expected it, the illusion springing out made him gasp. He studied the small forest glade, quickly realising he'd seen it before. He'd played in this glade as a cub. To one side, the rotting tree stump where he'd so often hidden from his mother when there were chores to do. And there the tall elm he'd used to sharpen his claws, the long scratches still plainly visible in the bark.
Darkburst willed himself forward, moving further into the forest clearing, and even though he knew it was impossible, every sense told him he was walking on soft grass. Concentrating harder, he urged his body upwards. He rose into the air, above the canopy of Brockenhurst Forest, swooping and gliding like a buzzard, delighting in the wind's sensation against his face. He swept low over Fire Rock, heading towards the sparkling waters of Migaro Lake, where he chased shadows over the gentle swell of the water, skimming the surface. Turning back, he laughed loudly, diving back and forth over the forest pathways, totally immersed in the thrill of flight.
"Darkburst!" A muffled voice called from somewhere nearby. "Darkburst! Darkburst!" The voice held such urgency, it snapped him back. Vision swirling, Darkburst tried to hold on to his illusionary world, but it slipped away. The feeling of overwhelming loss crushed him.
The Preceptor stared at Darkburst, concern flaring in his eyes. "What happened? I couldn't wake you. You were in some sort of trance."
Darkburst laughed his delight, stumbling over his words. "It was so… so amazing." He paused, unable to describe what had just happened. "I flew above the trees, and down over the water." But the pathetic description fell far short of the ineffable journey he'd just undertaken.
"Well, that's strange." Grindel said, patting the young badger's flank. "But don't make too much of it. After all, it's only an illusion."
"But I flew like a bird," Darkburst cried excitedly, still caught up in the wonder of it all. "Over Fire Rock, to a lake far away. Its surface sparkled in the moonlight. I was there!"
The Preceptor closely studied the young badger. "You hallucinated. You just imagined you were flying." Grindel relaxed, barking a short laugh. "That's some imagination you have there, youngster." Pointing at the carvings, he continued, "But these are just a collection of clever illusions. Don't let your imagination over-rule your sense."
Darkburst worried at his lower lip, thinking furiously. He knew what had happened, and it was no illusion. The Preceptor was wrong. As unthinkable as that was, he was wrong! He had flown above the forest, even though his body was stationary in the taproot chamber. He knew it to be true, because during the flight he saw his mother and sister talking in the forest. Swooping low, he heard their words. It was no illusion. He'd been in two places at once. Lowering his gaze, he studied the floor. He needed time to think this through.
 "Well, perhaps you're right," he finally responded. "My mother's always telling me I've got an over-active imagination."
The Preceptor smiled and nodded. "Tell me something, Darkburst. How would you like to be Preceptor?"
"Me? Preceptor?" Darkburst could hardly speak at the thought. Too much was happening too quickly.
Grindel stared hard at the young badger, as though seeking some clue. "I could make it happen, you know. Come on, what do you say? Would you like to be Preceptor?"
"Yes, of course I would. Who wouldn't?" The question threw Darkburst. "But me? Preceptor?"
"You'd have to become a Custodian first, but I could arrange that easily."
"Why would…" The young badger stopped, staring at the Preceptor with a new understanding. "You're leaving, aren't you? You're going away somewhere."
Grindel smiled, a tight self-satisfied smile. Shaking his head, he replied, "No, I'm not going anywhere. I have other plans to pursue. Plans that leave no room for the responsibilities of being Preceptor."
"But I've no experience. Besides, there's no opening for a Custodian on the Council."
A smile flickered across Grindel's lips as he settled his gaze on some distant point visible only to him. "Oh, I think there'll be an opening for you before too long, Darkburst."
"And you would train me?" Darkburst asked, wrinkling his snout in excitement, sensing the power he was being offered. But then another doubt crept into his mind. "Won't the other Custodians object? Surely one of them will expect to take over from you?"
"It's traditional for the Preceptor to select his own replacement. The Custodians have no right of objection. It's up to me who I choose." Grindel tilted his head. "You know, from your objections, one could think you don't want to be Preceptor."
Darkburst shook his head, bemused at the stunning offer being made. "I really don't know what to say."
"Thank you, might be a good start," Grindel answered with a chuckle. "But before you fall over yourself with gratitude, I think I should warn you about something. There are certain conditions attached to my patronage." The Preceptor nodded at the uncertainty filling the young badger's eyes. "Oh, don't worry, it's nothing you'll find too objectionable."
Grindel beckoned Darkburst, leading him down onto the floor of the Grand Chamber. Standing at the very centre of the vast space, he studied the youngster with a serious expression. When he finally spoke, his voice was grave, and Darkburst had to lean very close to catch the words.
"Darkburst, your mother and the badger called Brock are about to embark on a journey. They're going on a quest and their search will take them far from Brockenhurst Valley. Your mother will want you and your sister to go too." He paused for a moment. "You must go with her. The journey will be long and arduous and very dangerous, and it's crucial you're there to protect her." He paused again, adding more weight to his next words. "The Teller, Brock. You can't trust him. He's a danger to your mother."
Darkburst fidgeted uncomfortably as the Preceptor's eyes pierced him with an intensity that made his head spin.
"He wants your mother dead!"
The bald statement shocked Darkburst, his breath catching in his throat. "What do you mean?".
"Exactly what I said. Don't repeat this conversation to anyone. Doing so will place your mother in great danger. Do you understand? Say nothing." Darkburst nodded, and Grindel relaxed. "Your mother is going to undertake a search for something very special. A dangerous treasure that has the power to destroy her and any badger who touches it. It's imperative you find this treasure first." Grindel's expression softened a little at Darkburst's apprehension. "Don't worry, you are under my protection, and will come to no harm. You will bring this treasure back here, where I will make it safe. Only I can do that. No other badger. If they try to, they'll die. Do you understand?" Darkburst nodded silently. "Good," Grindel said, "it will be your first step to becoming Preceptor."
"You want me to steal from my mother?" Darkburst asked in a tremulous voice.
Grindel shook his head. "Not steal, protect. I want you to protect her."
The young badger looked confused. "What is it? This thing that's so dangerous?"
"Don't concern yourself with that for now. When the time comes, you'll know. You'll need no telling."
Darkburst thought hard, going over all that Grindel had told him. The Preceptor saw the questions forming in the young boar's eyes, even before he asked them.
He moved closer, a grim expression creasing his snout. "Listen carefully," he growled, thrusting his face so close the young badger could smell the sour odour of his breath. "Under no circumstances are you to tell your mother that we have talked about this. Nothing you can say will stop her making this journey, it's pre-ordained, and forewarning her of its dangers will almost certainly lead to her death." Grindel stepped in front of the pacing youngster. "Now, I have things to attend to. So quickly, tell me. Will you do as I ask?" Darkburst nodded distractedly and Grindel smiled. "I think you're going to make an excellent Preceptor, Darkburst. You have a quick and adaptive mind. Now go to your mother and see she's protected."
As Darkburst turned to leave, Grindel called to him. "Here, take this." He handed the young badger a small piece of root threaded on a length of twisted grass. "It's a Talisman, for good luck. Keep it close to you at all times. It will help you protect your mother." The Preceptor watched Darkburst leave the Grand Chamber, pleased with the results of the meeting. Such a simple badger. So trusting. He chuckled quietly, recalling Darkburst's response to the carvings in the taproot chamber. What an imagination, though. Flying indeed!
Grindel, still chuckling when he left the Grand Chamber, was so engrossed with the image, he didn't see the dark figure skulking in the shadows of a side tunnel. The shadowy figure growled low in his throat, scratching at his suppurating tail as he watched Grindel disappear around a bend in the tunnel.
*
"But we need the Sacred Roots to know where to start our search," Brock argued heatedly.
Grey stared at him, his snout puckering. He leant forward. "It's all very well for you Brock, but you're not the one who has to steal them, are you?"
"But we can't afford to miss this opportunity. How often is a chance like this going to present itself? The Preceptor probably won't leave the sett again this season."
The old Custodian shook his head. "I know that, but I still don't like it."
Brock nodded his understanding. "But this is our only chance. We must take it."
"And what's the Preceptor going to do when he returns and discovers that I've stolen them?" Grey shot back angrily.
"Don't worry, we'll have them back in place long before he even knows they're missing. We only need them for a short time. Just to start us off."
Soffen nodded her agreement. "He's right, Grey. Brock will use them to find out where we need to search, and then you can put them back."
Brock smiled at Soffen, thankful for her support. "Have you told Broshee and Darkburst about the trip we're making?" he asked, effectively dismissing any further objections from Grey.
Shaking her head, Soffen returned his smile. "No, not yet. I almost told Broshee when we were in the forest earlier, but decided it would be better to wait until I had them both together." She sighed, looking around as though searching for something. "As usual, Darkburst has disappeared again. He really tries my patience."
Grey plucked a tick from his leg and examined it, cracking the hard insect with his teeth. "I think I saw him with the Preceptor earlier on." He smiled at the reaction his words produced.
Soffen looked at Brock with a frown, obviously ill at ease.
"What are you going to tell them about the trip, Soffen?" Brock asked.
"The truth. There's no point in lying. They'd find out soon enough, anyway."
Brock shrugged. "I wasn't expecting you to lie to them. I'm just concerned that the Custodians will hear about our plans and stop us before we have the chance to leave. The fewer badgers who know what we're up to, the better."
Grey wrinkled his snout. "You know, I really don't understand you, Brock. First you do everything in your power to inform the Custodians about your plans, then you're hiding everything from them." The old badger shook his head. "I hate all this subterfuge, I really do."
Brock flicked his tail. "As do I Grey, but my vision shows how to save the sett. Nothing must impede that."
"But why lie all the time?" Grey retaliated.
"Because the Preceptor would kill us, rather than let us gain control of Boddaert's Magic." Soffen's clear tones cut across the argument with a ring of authority. "There's no way he would allow any badger to gain such power. Think about it for a moment. Think of the power that the holder of Boddaert's Magic will have."
Grey's snout wrinkled as he considered her statement. Yes, perhaps the Healer was right. At the very least, any badger having the strength of Boddaert's Magic behind him was a force to reckon with.
"Hello, mother."
The group fell silent as Darkburst entered the chamber. Soffen smiled at her cub. "Hello Darkburst, and where have you been all this time? I've been looking for you."
"By the rookery mother, looking for fallen squabs. I thought I saw you there earlier with Broshee, talking by the nettle patch."
"Yes, you could have. We were there for a while. I was telling Broshee about a trip we're making."
Darkburst nodded to himself, as though her words confirmed something he already knew. "Yes, I overheard you." He looked uneasy at Soffen's sharp glance.
"I didn't see you," she replied, consternation clouding her face.
Darkburst looked away for a moment, but quickly recovered. "I was practising my stalking mother, that's why you didn't see me. I was hiding in the long grass, but I was only there for a moment."
Grey passed Darkburst a worm. "Your mother wants you to come on a trip with us, youngster. What do you think about that?"
"Where to?"
Soffen touched her cub's flank. "We're not sure exactly, but we might be away a long time. That's why I want you and your sister to come with us."
"As protector?" 
"What?" Grey's sharp eyes searched the young badger's face.
"Oh, nothing, nothing. I was just thinking aloud, that's all. So when are we leaving, mother?"
"Grey has one or two things to arrange first. So probably in two or three moons."
"I've got something that I must do too," Darkburst called over his shoulder as he turned away. "I won't be long."
Soffen stared after her cub, an uneasy feeling filling her chest.

Chapter 10

A thick evening mist swirled around the five badgers as they moved through the undergrowth, muting their voices. Brock gave occasional orders in a low growl, as though afraid the forest might overhear. The dew glistening on their fur, made them appear as phantoms gliding over the pathway in the moonlight. Brock led, followed by Darkburst, and close on their heels, Soffen and Broshee. Grey brought up the rear. They travelled fast, putting distance between themselves and Brockenhurst Sett before badgers noticed their absence.
Their immediate aim was to reach the Andith River and find a crossing before the sun pierced the darkness. Once there, they would feel safe enough to take a rest and plan their next move. They walked in silence, each lost in their own anxieties. All had doubts about the journey they were making, but none wanted to raise them. The only sounds, other than the sharp rustle of undergrowth being brushed aside, was the slap of a paw on stone, or the occasional cough.
Darkburst's thoughts returned to the small Talisman tucked beneath the fur on his neck. Grindel had given it to him to help protect his mother, but from what, he still didn't know. The adults hadn't discussed the journey, so he didn't know where they were heading. He'd examined the Talisman when Grindel first gave it to him, fascinated by the tiny marks covering its surface. They were so like the carvings on the taproot chamber walls.
Brock's thoughts were centred on a different puzzle; how to decipher the Sacred Roots and locate Boddaert's Magic hiding place. Having studied the roots when Grey first got them, Brock quickly admitted defeat, unable to make any sense of the miniature carvings running from tip to tip. It would take time to unravel the secrets hidden there, time they didn't have.
After much debate, Brock had persuaded the others that the only option was to take the Sacred Roots with them, in the hope they'd be able to return them before Grindel noticed their absence. Grey had protested violently, and Brock's nose twitched in vexation as he recalled the remarks the old badger had thrown at him. Fortunately, Soffen's diplomatic skills calmed things enough for them to form a plan of action.
Soffen caught up with Brock and walked in his footsteps, something she'd done as a cub when out with her father. It made her feel safe then, and it made her feel safe now. With each passing cycle, Soffen's feelings grew stronger for the badger, and she wondered if he felt the same. Unlike the others, Soffen's concerns centred more on her cubs than the journey — Darkburst, who, but for the Dark Healing, would now walk in the shadow of the Prime Mover, and Broshee, carefree Broshee, who wanted nothing more than to mate and raise cubs. Soffen smiled, quickening her pace to walk alongside Brock.
Of the five badgers walking the path that moon, Grey was the least happy. The long walk had given him time to reflect on the enormity of his actions. When they discovered the theft of the Sacred Roots, it would cost him his place as a Custodian, and probably his right to live in Brockenhurst Sett. By Homer, why had he allowed himself to become involved in this madness? Snout creasing with anxiety, he wondered how long it would be before the Preceptor discovered the theft of the Sacred Roots and sent out a search party. The Preceptor might even resurrect the ancient rite of Rock Piling, especially for him! Grinding his teeth in agitation, he contemplated his fate, his anger quickly building. He'd been weak to let the others take advantage of his tolerant nature. He should have reported them to the Council when they'd first suggested this scatterbrained scheme. A grim determination overcame him. It wasn't too late to save himself. He would slip away at the earliest opportunity, return the Sacred Roots to Brockenhurst Sett, and throw himself on the Preceptor's mercy. Satisfied he'd found a suitable solution, the old Custodian plodded along with a fresh spring in his step, and new hope in his heart.
As the small group made its way along the path, a skulking figure followed them. Hidden in the shadows of the thickening mist, Grindel watched the badgers leave the confines of Brockenhurst Forest. Satisfied they were well on their way, he turned back towards the sett, ready to report to Skelda. Flicking his tail, he tried to ignore the sour taste welling up in his mouth at the thought of having to meet the deformed old monster again.
*
Back in the Grand Chamber, Skelda did not need Grindel's report to know the search was well underway. He had his own method of following the group's progress. He'd only set Grindel following the group so the Preceptor wouldn't see him using the special carvings. Through that medium, and the Talisman carried by Darkburst, he saw all that happened in the locality of the young badger. He chuckled, happier than he'd been for some time. Chewing on a piece of rank flesh, pleased at his own cunning, he considered his solution. The ancient ones had viewed the forest without the aid of the Talisman, their powers being far more potent than his. The carvings alone would have been enough to see everything in the great forest and surrounding district. Luckily, the Talisman gave him a direct connection to the carvings. He hoped it would be a strong enough connection to cover the distances involved.
*
A keen breeze cleared the mist, and the sky filled with a myriad twinkling points of light. Brock allowed the group only one abrupt break for food before resuming the punishing pace. The path they travelled meandered through open countryside, and the moon shone down with an intensity seldom experienced beneath the canopy of Brockenhurst Forest.
Grey quickened his pace, drawing level with Brock. "How much further do you intend going before we stop?"
Brock halted, cocking his head. He smiled. "Hear that?" The others formed a circle around him, listening.
"It's running water, isn't it?" Broshee asked.
Brock nodded. "Yes, I think it's the Andith River. We need to cross it as soon as possible. I'd like to push on." Not waiting for their agreement, the Teller put his head down and set off again.
The sky lightened with the first streaks of dawn, as the tired badgers finally reached the source of the running water. Brock sighed his disappointment when they discovered it was not the Andith River, just a small tributary. Now exhausted, the group agreed to stop for food and a rest. Being so close to Brockenhurst Forest, Brock suggested they post a lookout, volunteering to take the first stint himself. Digging a small burrow under a fallen tree, the foot-sore band settled down to sleep.
Brock was glad of some time alone. It gave him a chance to examine the Sacred Roots undisturbed. He studied the enigmatic pieces of wood from every angle, even trying to use his knowledge of The Way to unlock their secrets. Finally, frustrated and angry at his failure, he sat back on his haunches, turning his thoughts to recent events. Maybe Grey was right, and the vision was the product of his own guilt. Tossing the Sacred Roots aside, he took a walk to clear his mind. Crossing the small stream, he wandered aimlessly up the gentle slope of the bank and stood on the brow.
From the high vantage point, Brock spotted the Andith River curving gently away in the valley below. Squinting for a better view, he frowned. Swollen by the spring rains, the river splashed froth and foam high into the air. It would be impossible to cross when in full spate like this. Turning aside, he headed back to the temporary burrow, responsibility hanging heavily on his mind.
Darkburst woke with a start, looking up at Brock with sleep-clouded eyes.
"Your turn to keep watch," Brock whispered, not wanting to wake the others. As soon as Darkburst crawled from his sleeping space, he flopped down in his place, curled into a tight ball and dropped asleep.
Rubbing his eyes, Darkburst made his way outside. The sun was high on the horizon, colouring the sky a brilliant red. Settling down with a collection of worms, beetles and grubs, he ate. The rising sun warmed his back as he savoured each bite. Contentedly crunching his way through the last of a beetle, he sucked the soft meat from its plump body, before casting the hard wing cases adrift. Using a nearby tree, he cleansed his claws with long sweeps. Turning from the tree, a glint caught his attention. Sunlight reflected from an object half-hidden in the grass. Moving closer, he squinted against the glare, a sudden fullness filling his chest when he spotted the Sacred Roots.
Reverently picking up the five pieces of ancient wood, Darkburst beamed, eyes widening when he saw the same carvings used in the taproot chamber. With mounting excitement, he willed the Sacred Roots into life, but they remained five pieces of inert wood.
Darkburst thought hard, studying the carvings on the Roots, comparing them to those on the Talisman Grindel had given him. Then he remembered the carvings in the Grand Chamber interconnected in a circular pattern, layered one on the other. With trembling paws, he arranged the Sacred Roots into different circular patterns, hoping the right combination would unlock their secret. He kept at the task; the sun rising higher and higher, all thoughts of waking his relief now forgotten. Time after time he rearranged the pieces into unique patterns with no success.
The sun was now high, and Darkburst at the end of his patience. Throwing the Sacred Roots on the ground, he turned away. A bright light flashed over his shoulder. He looked back, wrinkling his snout. Returning, he separated the roots, still seeing their previous pattern as an afterimage. Carefully pushing the roots back together, he gasped in delight when a bright point of light flickered between their ends. He repeated the pattern over and over until the bright light hurt his eyes. Closing them, he sat quietly, letting his sight recover.
Ready to try again he extended a claw, but hesitated, breath faltering. He lent closer, carefully counting the Roots. Shaking his head, he counted again. How could that be? There were eight pieces; before there were five. He counted them again; eight. A thought nagged at the back of his mind. Could it be that simple?
Holding his breath, Darkburst carefully arranged the roots, so the ends touched each other in the shape of an eight-pointed star. As the last root slipped into place, a searing light exploded upwards. He staggered backwards, rapidly blinking his eyes, standing transfixed before a swirling multi-coloured layer of light. Spinning into itself, it became a sphere, inside which flickered a landscape. The sphere span faster, until deep within the bluest of blue, the moon-swept landscape solidified. The panoramic view was a large flat meadow, its smooth grass undulating away to the horizon, drawing his gaze with it. And there, outshining the icy moon where the dark sky met the darker ground, were the brightest stars he'd ever seen. Trapped between low clouds and the ground, they moved across the horizon at an astonishing speed. Almost too fast for the eye to follow, they streamed along in an unending line, slashing a white swath across the landscape.
Here was something frightening and far beyond his comprehension, but never-the-less exciting. Forcing his attention away from the strange stars, Darkburst let his gaze encompass the large lake nestled in a low hollow. Its source was a meandering river stretching across the landscape as far as the eye could see. His heart leaped when he realised it must be the Andith River.
"What are you doing?"
The unexpected question made Darkburst jumped, his paw knocking the Sacred Roots apart. The ball of light collapsed. Darkburst glowered at Grey. His heart pounded so hard, speech was impossible.
"What are you doing?" Grey repeated.
"I was watching the stars."
"Watching the stars? What stars, the sky is cloudy, I don't understand."
Darkburst nodded. "No, I don't suppose you do. Here, let me show you." Leaning forward, he went to rearrange the Sacred Roots into the star pattern. Picking up the first one, his blood ran cold. The Sacred Roots were burnt beyond recognition. He gulped, looking up at Grey in a panic.
"What's wrong?" Grey demanded.
"What's happening?" Broshee called, emerging from the burrow.
"Broshee, get mother and Brock!" Darkburst shouted at her.
"What?" The young sow stretched and yawned, sleep still clogging her eyes.
"I said get mother. NOW!"
Broshee's eyes widened. "Well, there's no need to be so rude about it," she shouted back.
"What's the matter with you, youngster?" Grey scolded Darkburst. "Why are you taking that tone with your sister?"
Darkburst fixed Grey with an icy stare, and the old badger shifted uncomfortably. "I thought I'd found the key to the Sacred Roots," he whispered.
Grey reached over, picking up one of the short, blackened sticks. After studying it intently for a moment, his features shifted from inquisitiveness, to puzzlement, and finally, to rage. "By Homer," he whispered hoarsely, "this is one of the Sacred Roots!" Turning on Darkburst, the old boar berated him, "You've destroyed the Sacred Roots. LOOK AT THEM!. How am I supposed to return to Brockenhurst Sett now? What possessed you? How could you have done this to me? You… you IDIOT!"
Brock thrust his head out of the burrow. "What's all the shouting about, Grey?"
"Ask him," the old boar roared, nodding at Darkburst.
Brock hurried over, a concerned look on his face. "What's happened, Darkburst? Why's Grey so angry?"
Darkburst explained how he'd used the Sacred Roots, and how he'd seen a sphere of light, in which bright stars raced across the horizon beyond the Andith River.
Grey snorted at Darkburst's explanation and turned away. He wandered off into the undergrowth, his anger hardly suppressed.
"No, leave him be," Soffen said, as Brock made to follow him. "he'll come back when he's calmed down."

Chapter 11

"What's wrong, Grey?" Broshee dropped back to check on the old Custodian when she saw how far he'd dropped behind the others. He'd become very morose since Brock's decision to push on towards the lake.
Grey shook his head, smiling at her. "Nothing's wrong, Broshee, I'm fine. Just feel a bit tired, that's all." He blew out his cheeks. "It must be all this extra weight I'm carrying around."
They were travelling a barely discernible path that meandered along the bank of the Andith River, searching for a place they could cross. Broshee wondered if they would ever find one. She stopped, cocking her head towards the river. "What's that splashing noise?"
Grey listened for a moment, then winked. "Unless I'm very much mistaken…" The old Custodian walked to the edge of the bank and looked down into the water. The river was calmer here, quietened by a large sand-bar on the curve of the bank. "Ah, just as I thought," he whispered, beckoning Broshee closer. "Come and look, but stay quiet. See, there."
Broshee gasped in delight as a lithe silver body sped away from her with a flick of its tail.
"You're shadow frightened it," Grey explained quietly. "Stand back from the edge a bit."
"But what is it?"
"Hush, not so loud. It's a fish, and if we keep still and quiet, it should come back."
They waited patiently, staring down into the water. Suddenly there it was again, swimming gently in the sandbank's lee. Grey, moving with a speed that caught Broshee by surprise, plunged his paw deep into the river, hooking the fish out onto the bank. It landed with a wet thwack, flipping its body in urgent arcs, trying to re-enter the water. Holding the fish between his paws, Grey bit into its back, killing it with a swift twist of his head.
Broshee sniffed dubiously at the soft white flesh. It looked appetising enough, but she was not quite brave enough to try it. After Grey began eating the fish with obvious relish, Broshee nibbled at a small piece. Pleasantly surprised by the flavour, she quickly set about finishing her portion. After completing their unexpected meal, Grey buried the remains, and the pair set out after the others. Following the trampled grass through the gently undulating landscape, they walked on in silence for some time.
"Grey?" Broshee finally broke the quiet mood.
"Yes?"
"I know mother and Brock are looking for Boddaert's Magic, but what is it exactly?"
"That's a little difficult to explain." Grey was silent for a moment, then said, "The Legends tell us that a powerful magic lived within Boddaert and it remained in his body after he died. So, I suppose it must be his body."
Broshee shook her head. "But that's silly. I mean, his body would have rotted away to nothing by now, wouldn't it?"
Grey smiled at the young sow and nodded. "Yes, you're right, but perhaps we shouldn't take the Legend so literally."
"You mean it might just be a story and the magic doesn't really exist at all?" Broshee hesitated, placing a paw on Grey's flank. "But then what is it that mother and Brock are looking for? I mean, if it's all just a story, what are we doing here?"
Grey shook his head and walked off. "By Homer, Broshee. Will you stop asking questions and get a move on? Your mother will worry about what's happened to us."
Broshee frowned, trying to make sense of what Grey had told her as she followed his swaying figure.
*
At that moment, Soffen had other things on her mind. Along with the rest of the group, she was staring into the dark opening of a tunnel. The ground behind plunged to the river, the bank covered with large clumps of nettles. They would have missed the tunnel completely if Darkburst hadn't disturbed a field mouse, causing it to dart into its dark interior.
Brock shouted into the opening, listening to the echoes. "It sounds as if it goes a long way, maybe right under the river to the other side."
"Where are Broshee and Grey, Darkburst?" Soffen demanded.
"I don't know mother, perhaps they stopped for a rest or something."
Soffen frowned. "Brock, Grey and Broshee are missing, we have to go back up the rise and see where they are, otherwise they'll walk right past us amongst all these nettles. We can explore the tunnel later."
Brock nodded, but Darkburst, showing the impatience of youth, didn't want to delay his exploration of this exciting find. "Mother, why don't I take a quick look to see if the tunnel reaches the other bank, while you look for the others? It will save time later if I do."
Soffen glanced at Brock, who shrugged.
"Well, if you promise you'll be quick," she replied.
Darkburst nodded eagerly, setting off into the tunnel, already creating exciting adventures in his mind. Perhaps he'd find a monster living under the river, or some ancient lost treasure, or a beautiful sow needing rescuing. Maybe even Boddaert's Magic itself!
*
The tunnel was unnaturally straight, its walls smooth and unblemished. Scratching at the concave surface, Darkburst grunted in annoyance when the tip of one claw chipped. Ignoring the uneasy fluttering in his stomach, he made his way further into the darkness, pulled along by his excitement. With the whispering echoes of his claws on the hard surface as company, he constantly stopped, looking back over his shoulder, ready to run at a moment's notice. Was that something following him?
Stepping up his pace, Darkburst convinced himself he did so because he wanted to reach the far side of the river as quickly as possible — not because some imagined monster might follow behind, ready to jump out at him. He pushed onward, the eerie echoes lending an extra urgency to his movements. The surface of the tunnel began oozing small droplets of water, which gathered into small wriggling rivulets, trickling down to the floor, where they collected in large puddles.
A little later, the walls got rougher. Here and there, small cracks appeared, growing in number until they crazed the whole tunnel. Further in, the floor sloped downwards, making the puddles run together in a steady stream. He pushed on, ignoring the cold water moving higher up his legs. By the time it reached halfway up his body, he was feeling cold, tired, and dispirited.
Pulled along by alluring whispers somewhere ahead, Darkburst quickened his pace. The whispers began quietly, almost unheard, like a soft wind blowing through grass. As time passed, they took on a distinct sound, not that of voices, but something close. Growing in volume, they caught his imagination with promises of hidden delights. The water, deeper here, continued to rise until it almost filled the tunnel, forcing him to swim. Darkburst rested, floating, his nose brushing the roof. As the water slopped up and down his snout, he considered returning to the others, but quickly pushed the thought aside. He couldn't do that. If he gave up now, he would look weak. He had no choice but to carry on to the other side. With a thumping heart, he took a deep lung-full of air and ducked beneath the surface, staring at the lighter patch of water marking the place where the tunnel rose again. It was tantalisingly close. He could make it. Why was he hesitating? Poking his nose back into the air space, he took another deep breath and set off through the murky darkness, concentrating all his efforts into his flailing legs.
Darkburst swam with powerful strokes, his back bumping along the roof, guiding him through the darkness. Concentrating on the glow ahead, he paddled through the cold water, relieving the pressure in his lungs by trickling air. The swim was taking much longer than he expected. A buzzing sensation started in his ears, so he quickened his stroke. With bulging eyes and swirling vision, he struggled on.
The tunnel walls pulsed in time with his heartbeats. Thrashing his way forward, he swam as he never had before. Digging his paws deep into the cold liquid, he fought against the water, trying to gain speed, but with each passing moment his lungs became tauter, heavier, his throat bulging with the effort of not breathing.
The compulsion to breathe became so overpowering, he thrashed about in desperation. Heart hammering, he rolled onto his back and scrabbled at the roof. A claw tore loose from his foot, a thin line of blood lacing the water. The blood drifted away, along with his strength. His last thoughts were a collection of fleeting images of his mother. She was standing in a clearing, deep within Brockenhurst Forest, her head tilted to one side as she listened to the liquid, switt-witt-witt-witt of a goldfinch singing in a nearby tree.
Slowly, silently, Darkburst's body sank to the mud-covered floor.
*
Worried voices overlapped with echoes, made it difficult to talk. "But he must be in here. If he'd come out, we'd have seen him."
Brock placed a paw on Soffen's flank, doing his best to calm her. "Perhaps he swam right through to the other side," he suggested. "He might be there now, waiting for us, so he can boast about how clever he's been."
"Do you really think so?" she asked, grasping at the hope.
"Yes, I'm sure of it. Come on, let's go back outside and see if we can spot him on the other bank."
Soffen shook her head, knowing from the tightness in her chest that something was terribly wrong. "No, Brock," she whispered. "You go, I'm staying here, just in case he swims back."
Left on her own, Soffen listened to Brock's footsteps dying away up the tunnel, castigating herself for allowing her cub to explore this place unaccompanied. Something happened to him, she knew it with a mother's certainty. Sitting at the water's edge, she patted the cold dark surface, whispering her cub's name over and over, lost in a grief which threatened to crush her.

Chapter 12

Brock waited a further moon before suggesting they resume their journey, not so they could find what happened to Darkburst — that hope had now gone — but because he couldn't bring himself to ask Soffen to leave her lonely vigil.
The Healer had lain by the water's edge throughout the rest of the long moon and the following sun, shivering in the cold, waiting for her cub to return. Brock had gone to Soffen that first moon, suggesting that he might swim through the tunnel to see if he could find any sign of her young cub, but she became so agitated he quickly dropped the idea.
"Isn't it enough that Darkburst drowned," she shouted at him, "without you doing the same?" Brock rejoined Grey on the riverbank, leaving her to continue her solitary watch.
A little way off, Broshee huddled into a ball, sharing her mother's anguish. She'd matured quickly during the winter, no longer the self-centred youngster who'd romped through Brockenhurst Forest. She lay watching Soffen rock back and forth in an endless ritual of grief. Sighing heavily, she clenched her teeth, trying to keep the tears from filling her eyes. Her feelings of grief, and longing for her mother's comfort, offset by a rising anger at being shut out.
Soffen knew from an early age that Darkburst was the favourite, but now she needed her mother's warmth to fill the dark emptiness growing inside. She called, her soft words echoing through the darkness. "Mother, its time to go."
Soffen shook herself. "Yes, Broshee, you're right. I must be strong for Darkburst, mustn't I?"
Broshee felt an ice shard pierce her heart. "Come on, mother," she urged, "the others are waiting for us."
Soffen gazed at the water, tears spilling down her snout. Tearing her gaze away, she looked at Broshee. "Yes. I suppose there's no point waiting any longer. Darkburst has gone and…" she faltered, too overwhelmed to continue.
Broshee shook the tears from her own eyes, running to her mother's side, nuzzling at her neck, trying to comfort her. Getting no response, she ran from the tunnel, wondering when the pain would stop.
"How's your mother?" Grey called from the riverbank as Broshee ran past. "Broshee — Broshee wait!"
Brock stopped Grey as he started after the young sow. "Leave her be. She's upset. I expect she wants to be alone."
"Do you think Soffen will be alright?" Grey turned back to stare at the tunnel. "Perhaps it would be better if we just gave up this ridiculous search and went back to Brockenhurst Valley?"
Brock frowned. "And you want to suggest that to Soffen? Tell her that Darkburst has died for nothing? That we should give up the search and creep back to Brockenhurst Sett in defeat?"
Turning away, Brock studied the starlit sky, pushing his anger away. The moon broke through the thin covering of clouds, bathing them both with its silvery embrace. It felt wrong that it should be so beautiful.
*
It was a long, hard trek until the group found a place to cross the Andith River. A tree on the opposite bank had fallen into the water, almost spanning the fast torrent. It stopped short of where they stood, leaving an impassable gap.
"We can't chance wading across to the tree in this," Brock shouted above the noise of the raging spume-flecked water. "If we're swept away, we'll drown. We have to find something to reach from the bank to the tree."
A short time later they gathered back on the riverbank with three thick branches, a collection of thin switches, a pile of strong grasses, and a large piece of bark. Laying the branches in a row, they wove the switches through, tying them in place with twisted grass. Hoping the makeshift structure would be strong enough, they eased it out until the end rested on the tree. Pushing the bark on top, they stood back, examining their work with a critical eye.
Brock was the first to cross, weaving extra sticks into the structure as he went. Soffen and Broshee were next, almost running, hearts in their mouths. Finally, Grey took a deep breath, stepping out onto the rough surface. The platform bobbed under his weight and, not for the first time, he wished he wasn't so fat. As he reached the middle, the structure sagged, bouncing in time with his paw steps. His progress became a series of slow, uncoordinated lurches. Twice he nearly lost his footing, only to recover and stagger on.
Grey's last panicky scramble proved his undoing. With a loud crack, a supporting branch snapped, and the structure slewed sideways into the river. He slid across the bark, scrabbling for a foothold, bellowing in terror as it catapulted him into the icy water.
Brock shot out a paw, grabbing Grey's scruff, his claw tearing through the old badger's skin. With another crack, the structure disappeared into the torrent, leaving Grey dangling on Brock's claw, screaming in agony. Dragged forward by Grey's weight, Brock fought to pull him from the river's icy embrace. Broshee ran to help.
"Pull harder, Broshee, pull harder!" Brock shouted.
Redoubling their efforts, they hauled for all they were worth, Brock's features twisting with the effort. Unexpectedly, his claw tore loose, and they watched in horror as he plummeted backwards into the raging torrent.
"Greeeeey!" Soffen's scream echoed across the river. "Help him, Brock. He's drowning."
Bounding along the tree-trunk, Brock jumped onto the bank, chasing after Grey alongside the swirling water. The fierce current swept the old badger away and Brock lost sight of his bobbing head. Rounding a thick bed of reeds, he slid to a stop, heaving a sigh of relief when he saw Grey clinging to a rock in the middle of the river. The old Custodian was struggling to keep his grip as the pounding water tried to wash him away.
"Hang on, Grey, I'm coming," Brock shouted from the river bank, desperately searching for something to help him reach the drowning badger.
Grey's strength weakened, and he slid further down the wet rock. His screams, high pitched and panicky, carried across the river to Brock, who watched helplessly as the old badger finally lost his grip, sliding into the water. His last glimpse of the terrified Custodian was his snout disappearing beneath the foam.
Shouting Grey's name above the roar of the pounding river, Brock beat at the bank in helpless frustration. If only there was something he could do. Grey was dying, and it was his fault. He'd been the one who'd insisted on bringing the old boar on this dangerous journey. Surely there was something he could do to help him now. He couldn't just stand by and watch him drown!
In desperation, he turned to the powers of the Dark Healing. Sending out his anima, he sought the old Custodian's aura, locking his thoughts into the tenuous contact, flooding Grey's mind with his own determination. Don't breathe! Don't breathe in the water! Brock pounded the message into Grey's mind. Don't breathe! Don't breathe in the water!
Brock paid a high price for his desperate use of the Dark Healing. Slowly, from the depths of his mind, the pernicious tentacles of the ancient black art slithered into his consciousness. Having had no formal training in using the Dark Healing, he could do little to protect himself against the Guardian of Blackness, and the dark entity lay down new pathways through his mind — pathways that would have far-reaching consequences.
The oxygen levels in Brock's blood fell. His head pounded, and his ears rang. A black cowl crept over his vision, but still he sent out his message, holding his own breath to produce a symbiosis of minds. Brock's desperation outweighed his common sense, but he was far too guilty over the deaths of his sister and friends, and now the old Custodian, to pay any heed.
"Brock! Brock! What are you doing?" The voice was far away; from another time.
Poised on the Fifth Path of Darkness, Brock hesitated, balanced on the very edge of a deep emptiness — on the point of melding himself with the Guardian of Blackness; of giving himself to the swirling darkness.
The voice came again, hard, insistent. "Brock! Brock, take a breath. Take a breath!"
Senses spinning, Brock broke free from the comforting blackness, reeling from the chaos swirling through his mind. Opening his eyes, he sucked in lungfuls of cool air. The oxygen hit him with such force, he sat back on his haunches. "If you hadn't stopped me, I would have suffocated," he managed through dry lips. By Homer, how could he have forgotten the seductive nature of the Dark Healing, after all the warnings he'd received during his training?
"Are you alright?" Soffen wrinkled her snout, studying him with a worried expression.
"Grey…?" Brock left the question unfinished.
Soffen shook her head, staring at the floor.
*
Broshee looked at the bright moon hanging low in the sky and sighed. She got up, shook some earth from her coat and joined Brock, who lay on a small hillock, staring at the stars.
"How's your mother?" he asked as she settled beside him.
Broshee said nothing for a moment, then shook her head slowly, annoyed. "Much the same."
Brock fell silent, reliving his conversation with Soffen three moons earlier. "It's my fault Darkburst and Grey are dead," Soffen had whispered.
"Don't be silly. Of course it isn't."
She turned away, looking at some distant spot. "If we hadn't come on this journey, none of this would have happened."
Brock tried talking her out of the black mood, but she didn't respond. If she felt guilty because she'd agreed to come, wasn't he just as guilty?
Soffen wandered off towards the river where Brock found her later. She lay beside the remains of the plant she'd eaten, snout slick with vomit, legs curled tightly beneath her. Neither Brock nor Broshee could wake her, or identify the plant she'd eaten. They could only stand helplessly by, watching as she slipped into a deep coma.
Later that moon, Broshee placed a paw on Brock's flank. "You must stop blaming yourself. It's not your fault."
Brock turned to the young sow, a strange look in his eyes. "Did I tell you about the stars?" Broshee shook her head. "I've been thinking about the Legends. I know where they hid the Circle of Claws now." He began reciting from the Legends, adopting the Teller's flat monotone. "They say there's a place where the stars fall to earth, and here the trees reach out to touch one another. It is a mystical place between the earth and the sky. A place where monstrous beasts roam and magical powers reign. Where a strange energy leaps from treetop to treetop when the stars fall to earth." He turned, staring so intently, Broshee stepped back, frightened by the fanatical look in his eyes. "That is where they concealed it. High in a tree, looked over by a fearsome creature who guards it with fulgent light."
"They hid the Circle of Claws in a tree?" Broshee's voice was barely audible.
Brock pivoted, pointing at the star-splashed sky, his voice swelling to a shout. "Look there."
"Where? What are you pointing at?"
"The horizon. Look hard. Can't you see them? Can't you see? Those are the stars that Darkburst saw in his vision."
Broshee squinted her eyes, but could see nothing except the darker shapes of the trees against the lighter sky. She wondered what Brock was trying to show her — the sky and the trees — but what else? Then a movement drew her attention. Far away, so faint that she almost missed them, two stars skimmed across the horizon. When her eyes adjusted to the distance, she saw more. Her heart quickened when she realised it was an entire line of stars moving low across the horizon.
"You see them," Brock stated flatly.
Broshee nodded silently, unable to speak, her eyes locked on the display. "What are they?"
"I saw them first two moons ago." His voice, flat and unemotional, came to Broshee as though from a great distance. "I studied them for a long time, trying to make sense of them." He flicked an ear when a breeze ruffled the guard hairs along its edge. "Then last moon, while you were watching over Soffen, I went to see if I could discover what they were. From a distance I saw the trees where they hid the Circle of Claws, just as the Legend foretold. And it's true, they reach out and touch each other, with the thinnest of branches."
"You went to where the stars fall to earth?"
Brock nodded. "Yes, I went there. I saw the mystical place." Tone changing, he spat words, as though they were painful. "I heard them. The stars. I heard the stars talk. They call to each other. Harsh, incomprehensible sounds. They frightened me."
"The stars talk to each other?"
Brock nodded slowly. "They howl and they moan."
"Are you going back to get the Circle of Claws?"
Brock shook his head. "No. There's been enough heartache and death already." He looked at her and she saw the despair in his eyes. "I'm going to stay with Soffen until…" Turning away, he sighed.
"You think mother's going to die, don't you?" Brock didn't answer, just stared into the distance. Broshee crept away, trying to ignore the empty feeling welling up inside her. She sat with her mother, but quickly grew restless and took a walk.
The black sky, ablaze with stars, reminded Broshee of their earlier conversation. Since she'd seen the stars sparkling on the horizon, something was nagging away at the back of her mind, pulling at her, tugging urgently. "I hear you calling," she muttered. "I hear you." With no power to resist the invisible force, she gave herself to the persistent entity. "I'll come. For my mother and Grey; for Brockenhurst Valley and its ancient forest; for my dead brother. I'll come." Joining her mind with the vitality of the stars, she smiled, feeling complete for the first time in her brief life.
Broshee returned to the burrow, to tell Brock where she was going.

Chapter 13

Skelda woke with a start, struggling to his feet. He shook his head, trying to clear the last vestiges of the dream from his mind. Taking a deep breath, he wrinkled his snout. It'd been a long time since that dream had troubled him. In the dream, he was a young cub, playing by an old tree stump, from which the middle had rotted away. The stump was full of rainwater, and the reflection shimmering in its depths fascinated him. Leaning over to get a better view, he slipped, plunging headfirst into the cold, scummy water. Struggling only made matters worse, and he wedged himself tightly. Panicking, legs thrashing, he thought he would drown; until he was pulled free. Unceremoniously dumped on the ground, he lay coughing and gasping for breath.
The large badger who'd pulled him from his plight, glared down, wrinkling his snout with agitation. "What have I told you about leaving your studies?" his father chastised him. "Let that be a lesson. The next time I catch you away from your studies, you'll not get off so lightly. Go on, get back to the sett."
Expecting a blow to land across his back, Skelda scuttled away before his father changed his mind. Beatings were an integral part of his upbringing. He'd learned to live with them, but the constant punishments built up a smouldering hatred for his father, which one cycle exploded into an attack that surprised them both, leaving his father seriously injured. From that moon forward, his father never laid a paw on him again.
Shaking himself back to reality, Skelda hissed his annoyance at the emotions the dream aroused. Absentmindedly rubbing at the growth on his head, he dislodged the grubs feeding there. He paced, trying to understand why the dream had returned after such a long absence. It always forewarned of some danger, and he'd learnt to ignore it at his peril. He continued pacing, his one good ear laid flat in concentration.
The answer suddenly struck him; something had gone wrong with the search for Boddaert's Magic. That was what the dream was telling him.
Leaving the comfort of his sleeping quarters, Skelda hurried along the tunnels leading to the Taproot Chamber. He stood before the carvings, breathing hard from his exertions. Melding his powers with the carving's magic, he directed his thoughts to the Talisman he'd instructed Grndel to give to Darkburst. A few moments later, he gasped as a scene shimmered into view. Darkburst was thrashing about in a water-filled tunnel, fighting for his life!
In different circumstances he would have enjoyed watching the badger drown, but if the young acolyte died before completing his task, Skelda's carefully laid plans would fail. Focusing his mind on the Dark Healing, Skelda quickly dropped into a trance, plunging down the First Path of Darkness. It was familiar ground, and he quickly reached the threshold of the Ninth Path. He willed his essence to conjugate with the Guardian of Blackness, grunting when the sentinel clawed itself deeper into the primitive areas of his mind. He pushed forward, knowing the gamble he was taking. If he failed to save his drowning son, all the planning and pain would have been for nothing.
*
The creature who'd started the chain of events leading to Darkburst's demise lay quietly, every sense alert, whiskers twitching nervously. Frightened by the sounds which had begun a few moments earlier, it dipped its head, whiskers brushing the floor. One ear carried a ragged notch and lay close to its head, the other rotated, searching out any danger. The sounds grew nearer, and the mouse scurried from its hiding place between the joints of the old field drain, running soundlessly over the rough surface away from the threat.
The noise startling the field mouse was reminiscent of dead leaves rustling in an autumn breeze. From a crack where one section of the concrete field-drain abutted the next, a spider appeared.
 - another popped into view.
 - and another.
 - more and more, until hundreds upon hundreds flowed from the joints, jerking this way and that, their small, yellow-tinged bodies joining into one undulating stream that oozed like pus from a gaping wound.
Dropping into the water, the spiders disappeared below the surface, a thick glutinous mass, each carrying its own tiny bubble of air trapped between the fine hairs on its body.
Darkburst's vision faded, and somewhere in the dim recesses of his mind, he knew he'd only a few moments left. His mind lost its sharpness to the reality of death, his thoughts meandering amongst happy cubhood memories; running along the moon-dappled pathways of Brockenhurst Forest, his sister chasing him; pouncing on an anthill, chasing the myriad small creatures as they flowed from their damaged nest; now his mother, a shimmering outline, smiling quietly.
Something touched Darkburst's snout, an irritation that made his skin pucker. Opening his eyes, he saw thousands of jostling, iridescent bubbles crowding in upon him. Had the Prime Mover come for him? Was this how life ended?
Urgent legs scurried across Darkburst's snout as spiders wove their webs, building a net of shimmering fibres around his mouth and nose. Darting forward, each spider unloaded its precious bubble into the net before returning to the surface to recharge. When their work was complete, they departed as silently as they'd come.
Air entered Darkburst's mouth and instinct took over. He gasped a deep shuddering breath, filling his lungs. Adrenaline pumped through his body, stirring his tired muscles into action. Wiping the remnants of the web from his snout, he struck out for the light at the end of the tunnel. Breaking free of the water, greedily sucking in air, he coughed repeatedly, purging his lungs. Weak though he was, he pulled himself from the water before collapsing onto the icy floor and passing out.
*
Darkburst didn't know how long he lay half-conscious on the dank surface, but when he finally found the strength to stagger out of the tunnel, the sun was high in the sky. Standing on the bank, he shouted across the river. There was no reply, just the urgent croak of a bullfrog hidden in some nearby rushes. He called until his voice cracked, and he could shout no longer. They had left him behind!
Hunting up some food, he ate, his body slumped in dejection. Tearing at the flesh of the scrawny squab he'd found under a nearby tree, he brooded on his misfortune. Why had they left him behind? He could think of no reason. Unless — he rose, the fur down his spine standing erect — unless Brock had persuaded his mother to leave him behind so he wasn't there to protect her. Brock would kill his mother, and there was no badger to stop him! His mind raced. Grindel had warned him about this. He shook his head, swallowing the bile rising in his throat, searching for an answer in the low, oppressive clouds. He must find his mother, and quickly!
*
Brock swallowed the last of the field mouse, his first meal in some time. Tossing a bone aside, he stretched and stood up. After cleaning his claws on a nearby tree, he went to check on Soffen. Quietly entering the temporary burrow, he leant over her, a fullness tightening his chest. She was still unconscious, but looking a little better. He nuzzled her neck, murmuring soft words of encouragement. "Have strength, my love. I'm here." Grooming her soft undercoat, he stroked her, as though handling a small cub. "I'm sorry I wasn't strong enough when you needed me," he whispered, voice cracking, "but I didn't understand. I didn't realise how much you blamed yourself for what's happened."
For two moons Brock kept a lonely vigil over Soffen, trickling water from his mouth into hers when she grew hot, piling dry leaves over her when she shivered. For two suns he'd lain by her side, not knowing whether she would live or die, cursing his impotence as she slipped ever deeper into a place he couldn't follow. But now he had a lighter heart, because she was showing signs of recovery; her gums no longer so pale, her breathing no longer so laboured. Brock settled beside her, his paw resting lightly against her flank, his thoughts turning idly to the events of the past few moons.
Broshee had gone off in search of the place where the stars fell to earth. She had some crazy idea that they would tell her where Boddaert's Magic lay hidden. She planned to use the magic to heal her mother, and all of his arguments had failed to deter her from making the journey. A headstrong youngster at the best of times, she'd refused to listen to him, determined to follow her own destiny. But for all his arguments, part of him was glad when she'd left. It gave him more time alone with Soffen.
As the sun prepared to welcome the moon, Brock half dozed, allowing disjointed memories to flow through his mind; a fire raging out of control; a long hard walk; his meeting with Grey; his first sight of Soffen — all jumbled together in a collage of colourful recollections. He'd made a lot of mistakes, it was all so obvious now. His responsibility for the deaths of his family and friends, for Grey and Darkburst — all these thoughts lay heavy on his mind. He should have died in the fire, but survived long enough to persuade Soffen to come on this fruitless search. And worst of all, he'd only done it to assuage his own feelings of culpability.
Laying his chin between his paws, Brock closed his eyes, coughing heavily, trying to loosen the tightness in his chest. A listlessness crept over him. Everything seemed to be too much trouble. Snuggling closer to Soffen's soft warmth, he fell into a fitful sleep.
*
Far away across Low Meadow, the sky grew darker and the stars brighter. Dwarfed by their magnitude, a frightened badger rested from her exertions, glancing about nervously, wondering what madness had brought her here. Gazing at the horizon, Broshee silently studied the stars, their brilliance reflecting in her eyes. She was much closer to them now and could clearly hear the strange noises they made calling back and forth to each other. Her gaze swept the trees standing in stark contrast against the sky, like slender sentries marching across the land. She shuddered; it was so cold and foreboding here, so different from anything she knew. The moonlight cast deep shadows, and as she hurried along, her mind turned to thoughts of her father.
Broshee had asked her mother about him many times, but Soffen always changed the subject. In the end, she stopped asking. But this didn't stop her from wondering. She knew her father would be a special badger, an extraordinary badger. No ordinary badger would have mated with a Healer. He'd have exceptional insight, be sensitive and strong — with a strength that nurtured rather than overpowered. Perhaps he was a Teller of The Way, like Brock, or even a Healer from another sett. She smiled when Brock's image entered her mind. She liked him; he was kind and patient, just as her father would be.
Still trying to piece together the enigma of her origins, Broshee continued picking her way across the desolate countryside, scrambling over the smaller rocks and skirting the larger ones. Her thoughts turned to her brother, and a quiet sadness filled her. Darkburst may have been moody and shy, but she'd loved him. The thought of her brother's one close friendship with the Preceptor, Grindel, made her shiver. That badger frightened her so much. Even his name sounded harsh. She began whispering it as she walked. A kind of chant. "Grindel — Grindel – Grindel." Growing tired of the game, she pushed the name from her mind, letting her thoughts wander back to her father. She smiled softly as a face came to her mind's-eye. It was a proud face, with bold black stripes down each cheek.
The distant echo of a dog's howl shattered Broshee's reflections. She froze, hackles rising. She'd never seen a dog, but like most young badgers, her parents warned her about their legendary ferocity and hunting skills. How often had she heard that familiar threat: 'If you don't go to sleep right now, I'll let the dogs come and get you.' She scented the air, her skin tingling when the dog howled again. It was a lot closer.
Broshee searched for somewhere to hide, pushing her way between two large rocks. She dug frantically at the hard ground, ignoring her bleeding pads as she clawed her way deeper into the stony soil. Muted at first, but growing louder, the soft clicking of claws on stone announced the dog's arrival. It passed close to her hiding place, and she pushed herself into the hole, holding her breath, willing the dog to go away. It stopped to sniff at the ground, growling deep in its throat; a harsh, rumbling sound.
The dog scented her, moving closer, sniffing between the rocks, barking excitedly when it smelt how near she was. The nearer the dog got, the more frantic it became, its digging interposed with high yaps. Earth and stones cascaded down on her, but she could do nothing, except bury her head in her flank and make herself as small as possible. She whimpered, fearful she was about to die an agonising death.

Chapter 14

Brock woke with a sore throat and a hacking cough. Staggering to his feet, he swayed. His head pounded, his sleep had done little to refresh him. He checked on Soffen, grunting his approval when he saw she was breathing much easier. Staggering his way out into the balmy air, he watched an owl searching for food. It swooped low over a nearby tussock, reminding him he hadn't eaten.
Scrabbling about at the base of a bush, he found a plump worm, but no sooner had he eaten it, he was violently sick. During a fit of coughing, he nearly choked on a thick yellow mucus filling his throat. Spitting out the lumps of phlegm, he missed the line of blood laced through the spittle.
Brock tried to order his thoughts. There was something nagging away at the back of his mind, something he had to do. Shaking his head, he struggled to remember what it was, but seemed incapable of coherent thought. He wandered in aimless circles, his brain on fire. Finally, he collapsed, his body shuddering as air whistled in and out of his mouth.
*
When he spotted the fallen tree laying across the river, Darkburst's spirits rose. Nearby was a large patch of trampled grass. He scented the ground, the short whiskers on his snout quivering with excitement. They had come this way, and judging by the pungency of the odour, not too long ago. Setting out again, he followed their trail, calling in the hope they would hear him.
As he wove his way in and out of the bulrushes edging the riverbank, his thoughts turned to the spiders that had saved his life. He could think of no other explanation than it was Grindel's work. That thought brought to mind the Talisman.
Brock groaned, opening his sticky eyes, running his tongue over the foul taste coating his teeth. Wrinkling his snout, he squeezed his eyes shut and tried to clear his head. Some badger had called his name. There it was again, faint and far away.
"Brock, mother, where are you? Can you hear me?"
Brock's mood lightened. It was Broshee come back. Everything would be alright now.
"Can you hear me? Where are you?"
The voice faded in and out, carried on the wind.
Brock tried to drag himself out of the shallow depression he lay in. "I'm here. Over here," he croaked.
The wind changed direction. The voice rose, then faded again. Brock groaned, swallowing painfully. It confused him. It sounded like Darkburst, but Darkburst was dead! The calling stopped, and he convinced himself he'd imagined it. Settling down again, he coughed, then collapsed back into a fitful sleep.
*
Darkburst strained to hear, but other than the echoes of his own shouts, heard nothing. Lowering his sensitive nose to the faint scent he'd been following, he set off at a fast trot. A short time later, the tracks freshened, and his hopes rose. His heart beat faster at the hope of soon of joining the others. He'd not admitted just how frightened and alone he felt. As he hurried along, he fretted about his mother and the danger she was in. Grindel's warning about Brock hung heavy on his mind. Without the Talisman for protection, she was in terrible danger. He stepped up his pace, thrusting his way through the undergrowth at a half-run.
Darkburst rounded a large rock, unaware that a creature watched his passing from the cover of a thick shrub, its bared teeth glistening in the fading light. The dog let the badger pass its hiding place, then set out after him, its paws making little noise on the crushed grass.
So single-minded was Darkburst in following the spoor, that he missed the telltale odour drifting on the wind. It was the low half-growl that warned him of the danger lurking behind. Pivoting, one paw half-raised, hardly able to breathe, he took in the terrifying sight. The dog, its head low over the patchy grass, curled its top lip back over long canines, studying him intently. Saliva tracked from the corner of the creature's mouth, and every muscle in its body quivered with tension. Darkburst backed away from the fearsome sight, spotting a long bloody rip  extending from its eye down the length of its snout. The dog followed him, step for step, the soft rumbling in its throat building into a menacing snarl.
Darkburst sensed the rock behind him far too late. The dog's swift advance had trapped him against the unyielding surface. The animal glared at him, its yellow-tinged eyes ablaze with hatred. Tearing his gaze from the terrifying stare, he glanced aside, seeking some avenue of escape. The dog took its chance, moving in for the kill.
In a frantic attempt at flight, Darkburst threw himself between the dog's legs, and heaved upwards. Thrown off balance, the creature yelped in surprise, staggering to one side. Seizing this slim chance, Darkburst slipped around the rock, running as fast as he could, knowing he stood little chance of outrunning the enraged creature. Crashing through the bulrushes, he ran hard, feet sucking noisily in the bank's mud. Behind him, the dog gained ground. Too terrified to look back, Darkburst pushed himself to his limit, heart beating so hard he felt the blood pounding through the large veins in his neck. Twice he stumbled and recovered.
The dog caught up with him as he scrambled his way up a sharp incline. It lunged at his hindquarters, grazing his skin. The sudden pain spurred him into an extra burst of energy. He jinked to one side, trying to throw the dog off course. It followed close on his heels, but slipped on a wet stone, giving Darkburst the chance he needed.
Topping the rise, he threw himself over the crest, rolling down the other side in a tangle of legs. Unable to gain his feet, he overshot the bank and dropped into the river's icy embrace with a loud splash. As the fast current bore him away, he fought to keep his head above the turbulent water. The dog, frustrated at his escape, ran to the water's edge, barking loudly in impotent fury.
Darkburst, whirled round by the river's fierce current, disappeared under the tempestuous surface four times before clawing his way back to the surface. Water soaked through the outer layer of his thick fur, saturating the soft undercoat, dragging him down into the dark depths of the river, his energy all but spent.
Deep along the stony riverbed, a fish appeared, its glinting eyes taking in the scene above. The thrashing limbs of the drowning creature did not frighten the fish. It swam closer, letting the tips of swirling fur caress its scaly back. Another fish darted forward, joining the first, then another. Few at first, they multiplied — ten, twenty, more and more, until the whole river writhed with their iridescent bodies. Collecting into a thick slithering mass, they rose as one, carrying Darkburst upwards, the water boiling with their urgent movements.
His head broke the surface, and he gasped long, shuddering breaths. Spotting a sandbank, he used the last of his strength to paddle onto the low ridge. Dragging himself clear of the water, he lay exhausted on the wet sand.
When he recovered, Darkburst struggled to his feet, studying the river with narrowed eyes. The fish had disappeared. He puzzled over the enigma. Twice now, creatures, that in normal circumstances would have shied away, had saved him. This had to be the work of Grindel.
*
Grindel cradled the dying badger's head, looking down into the glazed eyes with a hard, uncompromising stare. He'd been studying the carvings in the Taproot Chamber when the familiar tug cut through his thoughts. He'd resisted at first, annoyed that Skelda had chosen that moment to summon him — just when he was on the point of discovering what Darkburst had seen in the carvings. But Skelda's prodding insistence shattered the shimmering image. The Preceptor sighed, turning from the roots.
He arrived in time to witness the gathering of the fish, as Skelda, using the powers of the Dark Healing, saved the drowning badger. The vision of the river scene shimmering before his eyes brought the realisation of just how powerful the magic wielded by Skelda truly was, and it left him shaken.
Staring now into the deformed badger's eyes, Grindel saw their wild red spark diminishing. After saving Darkburst from drowning, Skelda had collapsed, falling to the floor as the Dark Healing finally extracted its ultimate penalty. Sensing the coming death of their benefactor, hundreds of tiny grubs dropped from his deformed head.
"You're dying, Skelda," Grindel whispered.
With much effort, Skelda nodded, his twisted body trembling as he fought the inevitable. "It's as it should be," he managed. "It's the price paid for using the Dark Healing."
The twisted old badger's trembling turned to spasmodic jerking, and Grindel leant closer, urgently shaking the dying boar. "Tell me," he shouted. "Tell me the secret. Tell me how to use the Dark Healing and I'll save you." Placing his ear against the twisted mouth, he strained to catch the dying words.
"Secret?" Skelda mumbled. "You wish to know the secret of the Dark Healing?"
Grindel's breath faltered. "Yes, yes, tell me."
Skelda's smiled and closed his eyes; a long sigh followed.
Grindel pounded the dying badger. "Tell me, you old fool. Tell me." Snout thrust right into Skelda's face, doing his best to ignore the stench, Grindel ground out words between clenched teeth. "Tell me how to use the Dark Healing!"
Skelda's mind was elsewhere now, floating on the Thirteenth Path of the Dark Healing, high above, near the roof of the chamber. Ignoring the exchange taking place below, the essence that was Skelda directed his consciousness outwards. Somewhere out there was the receptacle he needed, but he must find it quickly. Deep within the Darkness that was his anima, something flickered, stirring from the depths, and as the last threads of life drained from his body, Skelda discovered the way forward.
Grindel threw back his head, shrieking his frustration, tossing the useless body aside.
"I'll do it alone then, you old fool. I don't need you. I NEVER DID!" Stomping from the chamber, Grindel left behind the dead thing that had been such a dominating force in his life.
*
Broshee hummed to herself, tending her coat. There was a sadness to the sound. She'd always enjoyed the closeness grooming had brought between her and her mother; the idle chatter, the intimate touching, the lingering caresses. It was a part of her cubhood she found difficult to put aside.
Allowing her thoughts to drift back to her confrontation with the dog, Broshee realised how lucky she'd been. The animal, scrabbling at the earth between the rocks, dug into her hiding place. All she could do was push herself further into the shallow burrow, hoping that the dog would give up and go away, but the dog kept up its frantic activity until it finally made a space large enough to reach her. All too quickly, its powerful jaws were snapping dangerously close.
Broshee growled, striking out with her claws, ripping a long, jagged tear down the dog's snout. It yelped in pain and sprang backwards. The minor victory gave her the opportunity to launch a counterattack. Thrusting her rear feet against the packed earth, she hurled herself from between the stones, biting deeply into the dog's flank. It reared up, wary now Broshee had hurt it.
They circled each other, eyes locked, seeking an advantage.
Broshee sensed an open space behind and glanced over her shoulder, instantly realising her mistake. Taking her attention from the dog, even for a moment, had given it an advantage. It lunged forward, snapping at her neck, causing a painful wound. The dog snarled, not yet confident enough to follow through with its attack. Its hard yellow eyes watched her every movement. They moved back and forth, testing each other, looking for any weakness.
Warm blood trickled from the wound on Broshee's neck; she must finish this quickly. Sinking her claws into the earth, she turned sideways, scooping a pawful into its face. Her heart faltered when the animal howled, tossing its head violently to clear its eyes. The stinging dust had momentarily blinded it, and she took full advantage.
Running like the wind, heart pounding, breath pumping, feet barely touching the ground, Broshee ran for her life Onwards she ran; through ferns and thickets, across deep leaf mould and stony ground, beneath tall trees and high waving grass.
She finally collapsed when there was no need to run any further. She had left the dog far behind.
*
Shaking a light layer of moisture from her coat, Broshee stopped to rest. It was impossible to see far in the thick, early mist. She was afraid she might lose her way if she continued. Settling down, she ate the solitary worm she'd found earlier, but was still ravenous. The surrounding countryside was so desolate; flat and featureless.
She tried digging for food, without success. The black surface was too hard, refusing to yield to her tough claws. Here and there, an odd tuft of grass, or a tenacious spindly plant grew, but apart from those, even the vegetation had given up its unequal struggle. Running a claw tip over the strange-looking surface, she shuddered at its unnatural feel. Tipping her head, she listened to the star voices, feeling their movements beneath her feet.
*
Broshee stretched and stood up. The sun had finally burnt off the mist, but was now so hot the black ground hurt her feet. As she walked, her mind wandered, reliving past times spent in Brockenhurst Sett. She smiled, remembering the gossip she'd swapped with her friends. Climbing a gentle rise, she stumbled to a halt, her mouth falling open in amazement. Sweeping her gaze over the scene, she took a shuddering breath.
Too shocked to move, she stared, heart thumping in her chest. Below was a track, so wide she could barely see the other side. It was the widest track she'd ever seen, so wide she wondered if it really was a track. Hurtling along this were monsters that could only have come from her worst nightmares. Gross, overpowering creatures, smelling of burning bushes. Creatures blasting out great bouts of noise as they sped by, howling and screaming with voices that deafened her. Running on strange round paws that hummed on the hard surface, they chased each other with a breathtaking speed.
Broshee turned and fled, running mindlessly over the hard ground, petrified a monster would spot her before she got away. Tumbling back down the hillside, she collapsed at the bottom, her limbs trembling so violently, her teeth rattled. She glanced over her shoulder, her shudders easing when she saw no monster had followed. Still on the verge of panic, every muscle tense and ready to flee, she got to her feet. As time passed and no monster came, she relaxed. They hadn't seen her.
Broshee had spotted trees on the other side of the track, but were they the ones hiding Boddaert's Magic? If they did, she'd have to cross the track to reach them. That thought brought a new terror. With a dry mouth, she wondered what the monsters would do if she tried. Surely they would kill her?
The answer finally came, and she breathed a little easier. She would wait until the moon rose and stars appeared. They had called her here, so they would protect her.

Chapter 15

He mumbled and tutted and grumbled with every step. Mumbled, when a large stone got in his way and forced him to go around, tutted when his failing eyesight led him astray and he had to retrace his steps, but mainly he just grumbled. Grumbling was a way of life for Slikit, because he always found something to grumble about, even when things were going well.
As Slikit plodded along, the moonlight reflecting from his silver-grey fur made his jerky movements stand out in the darkness. He would have been hard put to tell you his exact age, he'd forgotten that long ago, but in his mind's eye he was still the lithesome young badger who'd bounded along forest tracks without a care in the world. But time had replaced his lithe, youthful body. Now older and slower, it often failed him when he needed it most. When had it happened? Where had he been when time had stolen it away?
Slikit had witnessed many things in his long life, among them the destruction of his home set in Spinningbrock; so many moons ago. Screaming yellow monsters scooped up the sett by the mouthful, spitting it out into the maws of other creatures that scurried away with their prize. Slikit could only suppose such a terrible thing was happening because the Custodians of Spinningbrock had forsaken the old ways, when younger badgers challenged their customs. He'd left the ruins of his sett on the edge of Veyatie Copse and never returned. Since then, he'd lived a solitary life, roaming Boddaert's Realm in a search of, he knew not what.
Slikit was thin, ribs clearly visible along his flanks, but it was a wiry thinness that belied surprising strength. His claws, now blunt and well worn, had lost the ability to regenerate themselves. His teeth too, so he found it hard to chew anything other than soft worms, grumbling heartily when cracking the shell of a beetle. He had lived alone for longer than he cared to remember, so when he stumbled across the scent of another badger, he was tempted to continue on his way. Something stopped him — a strangeness about the scent that invoked his curiosity. He followed it.
When Slikit eventually found the badger he was tracking, he knew he'd made the right decision. Shaking his head, he peered closely at the unconscious boar lying in the shallow hollow. "Oh, dear. This poor boar is ill." Swaying from foot to foot in a hiatus of indecision, he grumbled quietly to himself, wondering what to do, his nose jerking this way and that in an endless search for clues. "He just lies there, as though he's dead!"
Circling the badger, Slikit tutted angrily when a large thistle snagged his coat. "Are you alright badger?" he asked, prodding the prone figure then wrinkling his snout in consternation. Looking closer, Slikit saw the boar's chest rose and fell in a gentle rhythmic pattern. "Ah, then you're not dead," he muttered. "That's good, very good."
Prodding the boar with a determined poke, Slikit tried to wake him, but only covered his snout with a sticky yellow mucus that oozed from the boar's mouth. Wiping his snout on a tuft of grass, he tried again. "Come on, come on, you can't just lay there. Get up! Get up!" But the boar didn't respond. He paced back and forth. "Oh dear, he must be very ill indeed. What shall I do? He'll surely die if I don't help him."
Grumbling mightily to himself, Slikit looked longingly at the moon but found no inspiration. "In past times there would be a Healer to help in such a situation, indeed there would." The old boar quickly lost himself in one of his tangents, arguing the merits of the past compared to the present, regaling himself with memories of his cub-hood and better times.
The moon broke through the clouds and Slikit noticed a trail in the grass. It led into the undergrowth. "Ah, now, there's a clue," he muttered. Keeping his snout close to the ground, he followed the spoor, bumbling along as he contentedly grumbled at anything that got in his way.
Even though Slikit squinted his eyes to see better in the moonlight, he missed the dark shadow on the path. "Ouch! Who put that there?" Pulling his snout from a pile of earth, he snorted it clear. "Stupid badger! Stupid, stupid, badger!" he ranted, cocking his head as he studied the fresh mound. "But that's from a burrow, indeed it is. A badger's burrow."
Searching around, he found a small opening in the ground, an entrance to a temporary burrow. Pushing his head inside, he shouted, "Hello in there." There was no reply.
Slikit grumbled and fussed around the entrance for a time. Why didn't the badger answer? He could scent her clearly enough. Should he wait for an invitation or go in anyway? Growing impatient, he pushed into the tunnel and grumbled his way down into the interior. He immediately spotted the sow lying on a pile of dry leaves. "Well, this is a fine how-do-you-do. He's out there and you're in here, and when I called you, you didn't answer." The sow didn't respond, so he moved closer. "What's the matter with you? Are you ill as well, or is…?"
Slikit's grumbling faded away when he reached the sow's side and saw she was indeed unwell too. "Two," he grumbled, "bad enough one, but two?"
*
Broshee lay quietly, her mind in turmoil. She studied the moon, seeking reassurance from its pockmarked surface. Even though its bright countenance calmed her, she still jumped when a dog barked in the distance. She flicked an ear in alarm, wondering if it was the same dog which attacked her earlier. She shivered, reluctant to move, her courage deserting her now it was time to leave. The stars had appeared, but did not chase the monsters away. She could still hear their horrible calls on the far side of the hill.
The strange force that called her here nudged her again. Reluctantly rising to her feet, Broshee headed for the brow of the hill. Topping the rise, she looked down, heart pounding wildly. The monsters rushed along the track as before, but now they lit the track with light stolen from the moon! Mesmerised by the sight, drawn to the edge of the track by the compelling force that brought her here. The monsters ignored her, rushing on their way, buffeting her with their hot wake.
Closing her eyes, Broshee took a first tentative step onto the wide, black surface. The creatures did not attack her, just kept chasing each other, growling and howling their displeasure. Growing bolder, she locked her gaze on her target — a tall tree standing directly opposite. Setting out, she flinched when one monster passed right over her, its fiery breath scorching her fur.
As the terrified badger made her way across the smooth surface of the highway, the drivers — safe in their self-contained metal boxes — hurried about their business. If they noticed anything, it was a dark shadow on a darker surface, one of many such shadows littering the busy road that night.
*
"I did it. I said I could," Slikit collapsed in a heap. It had taken him most of the moon to drag the unconscious boar back to the burrow, and now his eyes twinkled accomplishment. "You really are lucky I happened along. Do you know that?" he told the unconscious boar. Mumbling contentedly to himself, he piled leaves in a corner, making a nest. "Without Slikit's help, you'd be dead. Do you know that?" Standing back to admire his work he nodded, then manoeuvred the sick boar onto the leaves, piling more on top.
"What's the matter? Is he hurt?" 
Slikit was so involved in the task that the voice startled him. He jumped, his heart beating wildly. "Dear oh dear, but you scared me female, you really did." Waddling across the chamber to where the sow lay, he squinted down at her. "You're awake then."
Soffen lifted her head, studying the small, bedraggled stranger with a critical stare. The effort proved too much, and she dropped her head back with a thump. "Tell me what's wrong with him."
Slikit tutted at the sow's impudence. "Where I come from females know their place, indeed they do," he muttered, wondering if he should leave right now and let her deal with the unconscious boar on her own.
Soffen struggled to her feet. Slikit, seeing how weak she was, piled leaves under her chest for support. She wrinkled her snout at him. "Thank you, badger. My name is Soffen."
"I'm Slikit," he answered self-consciously, his gaze on the floor.
Soffen nodded towards the badger Slikit had dragged back to the burrow. "That's Brock."
Slikit glanced at Soffen, then Brock.. "Well, whoever he is, he's very heavy." Nodding at the boar, he added, "I'm no Healer, but he seems pretty ill to me."
"Well, fortunately I am."
Slikit's face split into a huge grin. "You are?" he asked, worried he may have misheard. "A Healer? Really? Well, that's good news. Very good news indeed." Brushing some loose leaves from his sparse coat, he backed towards the entrance, making ready to leave. "Well, I'll be on my way then."
"No, you can't go. I'm much too weak to cope alone. You must stay, I need your help."
Slikit sighed heavily. Mumbling under his breath, he weighed up the options. He could stay and help, or he could go. But he could hardly leave them helpless. No, that wouldn't be right. Not right at all.
Soffen cut across his indecision. "Feel his nose Slikit. Tell me if it's hot."
Slikit cast Soffen a look. "I've already done that, female. Indeed, it was the first thing that I did."
"Well?" she queried. "Are you going to tell me, or just stand there like a lost toad?"
Slikit leant closer. "Female, I already know what's wrong with your friend." Furrowing his snout, he tilted his head quizzically. "But tell me, what has made you so ill, because it's obviously very different from what ails him."
Soffen's embarrassment was obvious. "It was something I ate, and none of your business. So, what do you think is wrong with him then?" she countered.
"From the yellow spittle dribbling from his mouth, and the difficulty he has breathing, I'd say he's got Yellow Cough. But then, I'm no Healer, am I?"
Soffen's breath caught. If the old badger was right… She shook her head in denial, her mouth suddenly dry. "The Yellow Cough? Are you sure?" When Slikit nodded, her heart sank. "But then you must leave at once!"
"Bah, what fear does the Yellow Cough hold for an old badger like me?" he reasoned. "If I catch it, I catch it. If I don't, I don't." From the moment he'd stumbled across the unconscious boar, he'd known he was suffering from Yellow Cough. The disease was not new to him.
Once, when just a cub, Yellow Cough spread its evil tentacles throughout his sett, killing most of the badgers living there, including his own family. It was a hard time for Slikit, and even now the memory brought a heavy sadness to his old heart. As usual, the illness disappeared as quickly as it came, leaving death and misery in its wake. 
Yellow Cough is a slow and painful death, feared by all badgers. The first sign, coughing up thick yellow pus, often laced with blood. Over the next few moons the sufferer lost weight, becoming weak and emaciated. Patches of fur fell out, leaving dreadful sores oozing a clear, sticky fluid. In the end stage, some hallucinated often convinced they were recovering, and feeling stronger, they might leave their chambers to wander in the forest, dying a lonely and painful death, far from loved ones.
Slikit smiled at Soffen. "No female, I have no fear of the Yellow Cough, indeed not."
Soffen shrugged wearily, suddenly looking exhausted and shrunken. "Then badger, you are a fool!"
Ignoring her jibe, Slikit picked up some leaves, cleaning the fur around Brock's mouth. His reply, when it finally came, was sharp and to the point. "That may be so female, but at least I don't eat things that violently disagree with me." He rubbed hard at the sick badger's neck, allowing time for his barb to strike home. "Not me," he finished with a final downward stroke.
Soffen ignored the old badger's remark, saying, "I need to collect some Mouse-ear. I can treat him with that. It's the only chance he has. I think I saw some… saw some… I think…"
Slikit turned when Soffen's voice faded. She had collapsed. Running over, he shook the Healer urgently, shouting in her ear. "What was that female? What did you say?" Tutting angrily when she failed to respond, he stood in the centre of the small chamber, snout wrinkled in agitation. "Something about a mouse's ears. The female said something about a mouse's ears. I'm sure of it." Shaking his head, he studied the floor. "That's strange. Strange indeed."
Slikit fussed about in the burrow for a time, moving things from here to there, and from there to here. He mumbled about the smallness of the chamber and grumbled about the smelliness of the leaves covering the floor. By the time he'd finished, the chamber was spick and span, and both badgers as comfortable as he could make them. Taking one last look around, he left.
Retracing his steps along the track, Slikit's snout twitched zealously. "It was somewhere along here," he assured himself, scenting the ground with his wrinkled old nose. "Somewhere along here." Pressing on, he jerked his head from side to side, trying to find the spoor he'd seen earlier. He hurried on, even though he knew it was hopeless. In his experience, any badger unlucky enough to catch Yellow Cough always died.
*
As Broshee crossed the track, the monsters roared and screamed their annoyance. Her eyes still stung from the dust and grit thrown up, and her ears rang from the terrible noise, but she was unharmed.
Standing at its base, Broshee looked up at the tree. She'd never seen such a smooth, straight trunk before, and its strangeness bothered her. She would have to climb it if she wanted to get Boddaert's Magic. Taking a deep breath, she reared up, flexed her claws, and began the long climb.
The tree exuded an unpleasant odour, stinging her eyes and nose. She pressed on, struggling upwards, with many stops to gather her strength. Her thoughts turned to her brother, the image of his strong, handsome face giving her the strength to continue.
After an arduous climb, Broshee finally reached a series of strange looking objects protruding from the side of the tree. Standing one above the other, they were cold to the touch, and the colour of shimmering starlight. Unable to decide what the bizarre objects were, she sat on the topmost one to rest. The view was disorientating and her senses spun. Closing her eyes, she clung on tightly, breathing deeply to calm herself. Recovered, she started out again, climbing higher and higher, afraid to look down because the height made her dizzy. Near the top, she smiled; her journey was nearing its end. Soon Boddaert's Magic would be hers.
Reaching the top of the tree, she gazed out over the land, so high now she experienced no sense of height. Even the monsters below looked small and less frightening. The trees stretched away on either side, two strange branches growing from each side of their trunks. No thicker than her leg, they dropped away in a gentle arc before rising to meet the next tree.
Broshee knew, of all the trees flanking the track, this was the tree; the resting place of Boddaert's Magic. This certainty was the reason she had come on such a dangerous journey, but searching the top of the tree, her heart sank when she found no sign of Boddaert's Magic. She'd been so certain, so sure she would find it here.
Tears of frustration filled her eyes. Now she would have to climb down and try the next tree. Wondering if she had the strength to undertake another climb, she turned to begin her descent, crying out in terror when she slipped, clutching wildly at a nearby branch. It embraced her in a harsh blue flickering light that singed her fur and convulsed her body. The smell of burning flesh assailed her sensitive nose, and the claws of her right paw, tightly clasped about the vibrating wire, popped and sizzled, welding themselves together in a smoking lump.
As the last vestiges of life fluttered weakly in Broshee's mind, a vision came to her; bright and clear. A vision of her father. Not the strong, handsome boar she had so often imagined. This badger was small and twisted, his body covered in bare patches and sores that wept a green pus. He smiled, holding out his paw. "Come, daughter," he beckoned. "It's truly time that we are one again."
Broshee twisted away in horror, dropping clear of the power lines, falling end over end. Time slowed, making the fall last forever. She felt at peace with herself, knowing life would go on without her, no longer frightened of death, just sad she would have no chance to dig her own chambers and fill them with the laughter of cubs. Darkburst's image filled her mind, and she knew she would soon be with him. Then her father's image superimposed itself over Darkburst. He beckoned again, but now with the face of Brock. Back and forth the images flowed. Brock, then Darkburst, then her father. Her father, then Darkburst, then Brock, until she could no longer tell them apart. "Father," she pleaded, "Help me. It hurts, it hurts so much"
After hitting the road, Broshee bounced once. Then, struck by a car, she flew high in the air, landing in a mud-filled ditch. Unable to move, she died a slow and lonely death, and as the last thoughts flickered and faded from her mind, tears filled her eyes, because there was no badger there to share her anguish and distress.
*
They glided in on the early morning light, black and shiny. One — two — then a group. Gathering at the unexpected prize, they fought, wings held high.
Broshee's body slowly disappeared until the only sign she had lived was the blood-red patch now staining the grass. As the last crow left, it circled the electricity pole twice, cawing its pleasure. The meal had been good; its stomach filled. Dipping low, it swooped over the road and headed off towards the tall trees of Migaro Lake.
With the bird went Broshee's claws, now fused into a star shape by the high voltage passing through them. It flew higher, gaining speed on the warm air currents rising from below. Primitive urges sped it on its way; to build a nest; to mate. Clutching its prize, the bird flew on its way, hoping the strange object it carried would attract a mate. Dipping its head, the crow glided across the treetops, searching for a nesting site.

Chapter 16

Grindel waited patiently until the noise died down before speaking. When he finally addressed the assembly on Fire Rock, his voice boomed out over them like thunder rumbling in the sky. "Badgers…" he paused until he had their full attention. "Friends, we gather this moon because I have grave news. News which affects each one of us." Nodding slowly he watched heads turn in a flurry of movement as badger looked at badger, wondering why they'd been summoned from their hunting. Grindel followed the ripples of motion through the crowd, as those at the front relayed his words to those further back. Finally, the gathering stilled and looked up at him expectantly.
Speaking slowly and clearly, pausing between each statement to add emphasis, he continued. "You know me, I am a fair badger. A badger who has only the good of the sett at heart. A badger who will do all in his power to protect both the sett and those living in it. It is because of this that I now ask you to trust me. To help me in what I must do." There were uneasy movements in the crowd, and a few shouts. "From this cycle I have dissolved the Council, and…" Drowned out by a sudden roar of protest, he waited for it to settle. "Yes, you heard right. I have disbanded the Council. In the circumstances, I had no choice." Sweeping the crowd with a hard stare, he twitched an ear. "I took these actions because there is treachery amongst the Custodians."
A gasp, as if from one throat, rose from the crowd.
Grindel nodded in agreement and continued. "A small group of badgers has acted directly against the Council. But worse than this, they have acted directly against the sett. Directly against you. THEY HAVE BETRAYED YOU!" The mountains amplified Grindel's shouts, throwing them back at the crowd in a confused conglomeration of echoes. Holding a paw aloft, he implored the throng to silence once more.
Rearing up on his hind legs, he reiterated his accusation, bellowing loudly, so that even those at the back could not mistake the scorn in his voice. He punched his words right at them, as though addressing each badger individually. "I have discovered treachery, right here in Brockenhurst Sett. In our own Council, this very moon." Pausing, he scanned the crowd again. "Treachery by the very Custodians elected to protect us!"
A voice from the back of the crowd broke the stunned silence. "What treachery?" it demanded.
Grindel swung his head in the questioner's direction, as though he could actually see the individual in the sea of faces. "You," he yelled, "You ask what treachery, and you deserve an answer." Pausing, he played the crowd, allowing them to become restless before tossing his next words at them, like sharp-edged stones. "Someone has stolen the Sacred Roots!"
With a quivering voice, as though he had difficulty containing his outrage, he glared down at them. "THE SACRED ROOTS HAVE GONE!"
Shouts of dismay rang out, and some pushed forward in their anger, crushing those at the front. Grindel urged the gathering nearer, which only added to the panic and injuries being suffered. The circle of guards forming a protective ring around him fought to restore order.
"Who has done this shameful thing?" the same voice shouted above the melee.
Grindel leant forward, glaring over the assembly. They fell silent. Raising his eyes to the moon, he stared at it, drawing out the crowd's tension. Hesitantly, as though reluctant to accuse another badger, he lowered his gaze and gave them the name they wanted. "It was the badger called Grey."
More and more voices took up the name until the air reverberated with it. "Grey! Grey! GREY!"
Grindel nodded and his guards moved forward to quieten the crowd, beating those that continued to shout. When order finally returned, he pointed to the circle of boars protecting him. "These badgers are replacing the Custodians. You will obey them." Holding a paw aloft to stem any protests, he smiled. "I assure you that as long as you do what you're asked, nothing will happen to you. It is only a temporary measure until I discover how deeply this treachery runs. Grey could not have done this alone. Others helped him."
Pointing into the sea of upturned muzzles, he narrowed his eyes. "Perhaps one of them stands next to you right now!" His word caused ripples through the ranks as badgers turned to their neighbour, suspicion in their stares. Pushing home his advantage, he pointed to the edge of the sett. "Soffen, our Healer, is one."
The crowd moaned in unison, as though struck by the guards. "And the stranger, Brock," Grindel continued. "The one who calls himself 'Teller of The Way'. He too is part of this plan to steal our most treasured possession." His next words whipped the crowd into uncontrolled hysteria. " What will you do, badgers? "WHAT WILL YOU DO WITH THE TRAITORS?"
From the rear of the crowd, came the answer Grindel sought. "Kill them. Kill the traitors!"
Grindel nodded, cocking an ear sky-wards. "What did you say?" he shouted back. "I can't hear you. What did you say?"
A roar rose, washing over the elated Preceptor. A roar, as from one throat. "KILL THEM! KILL THE TRAITORS!"
Grindel smiled over the baying crowd. This was far better than he dared hope. He had expected at least some resistance to his taking over the Council. When the throng settled down, he addressed them again. "If we hope to recover the Sacred Roots, we need a leader. A badger who is not afraid to face this danger head-on. A badger who has courage and foresight." Quickening the tempo, his voice grew. "A badger with the strength to fight the evil facing us." Rearing up and throwing back his head, he bellowed at the dark clouds. ""WHO SHALL THIS BADGER BE?"
The voice from the back of the crowd cried out once more. "The Preceptor shall be our leader. I say the Preceptor. The Preceptor will lead us."
The excited mob shouted Grindel's name, and it was a long time before he could make himself heard again.
*
Grindel smiled at the sombre badger. "You did well, my friend."
The badger lowered his gaze in respect, trying to hide his pleasure at such praise. It was as well not to give too much away.
Grindel sucked at a worm, then discarding the empty skin, he beckoned the badger nearer. "Tell me, Cherva, how goes it with the Custodians?"
Cherva moved his considerable bulk nearer to the Preceptor, feeling uneasy at such closeness. He was a large badger, muscular, his coat sleek and grey. His size cowed most badgers, but he knew that mere strength would be no match against this badger's cunning. The rumours were the Preceptor had magical powers.
Grindel had taken great pains in searching out a badger such as Cherva, travelling to many setts on the periphery of Brockenhurst Forest before finding a suitable candidate. He studied his choice, aware that the badger's hard, muscular body housed a cunning brain. True, the boar lacked the shrewdness that would make him a direct threat, but he would need careful watching.
"We imprisoned The Custodians as you directed," Cherva answered. "I have posted guards. They will not escape."
Grindel leant closer, smiling his satisfaction when Cherva's eyes widened slightly. "And Fenn, what about him?"
Cherva drew back a pace before answering. "I did as you instructed, Preceptor. I broke his jaw with a rock. He won't be talking to any badger for a long time. If ever."
Grindel nodded. "You may leave me now, but return when the moon is full. I want to speak with you again before I hold the next meeting. There are certain preparations we have to make."
*
Cherva backed from the chamber before hurrying away to inspect the Custodians' guard. He rechecked everything meticulously, knowing he would suffer horribly if things went awry with the Preceptor's plans. The knowledge he could have ripped the life from Grindel's body with a single slash of his claws made little difference to the awe he felt for his powers. He shuddered, recalling how he'd watched the slow death of a Custodian. Not that it upset him unduly, he'd killed himself. No, not the death, but the way it happened; killed by the Preceptor's magic.
The guards had dragged the Custodian forward, throwing him at Grindel's feet. The Preceptor glared down, eyes full of contempt. It was obvious the boar had suffered a beating. After struggling to his feet, he gave a contemptuous scowl. The Preceptor ordered the boar to leave Brockenhurst Valley, but the Custodian refused. Grindel did not argue, he simply cast a pawful of fine dust over the badger's head and uttered an incantation. The Custodian's body arched dramatically as he tore at his throat, mouth opening and closing, trying to breathe. Finally he collapsed to the floor and suffocated, terror bulging his rolling eyes.
Cherva didn't know what killed the badger — the dust, or his own terror — either way, with the pragmatism of a survivor, he immediately threw his strength behind the Preceptor, swearing his allegiance. On his new master's orders, he imprisoned the remaining Custodians in a damp chamber beneath Fire Rock.
*
Even outnumbered ten to one, Cherva had easily taken the Custodians during a meeting in the Grand Chamber, overcoming their weak resistance before they could organise themselves. They'd grown soft in their protected positions and were soon cowering before him.
Roughly pushing a guard aside when he failed to move quickly enough, Cherva stomped into the chamber containing the remaining Custodians. They lay about dejectedly on mouldy leaves, looking frightened and confused. As he entered, Cherva studied the straight walls and sharp angles. It was an unnatural space, oppressive and threatening. Quickly crossing to a badger laying in a corner, he yanked the Custodian's head to look him directly in his eyes. The boar whimpered quietly at the rough grasp on his broken jaw, his body trembling with pain.
Cherva noted the rebelliousness still lurking in the bright eyes and grunted. "Have your moment of defiance, fool," he growled. "You'll soon lose that sparkle of fight when the Preceptor has done with you."
Satisfied that all was as it should be, he called a guard, giving instructions that the prisoners were to receive water. There was no sense in letting them die too quickly.
As Cherva hurried along the now familiar tunnels leading to his sleeping chambers, he thought back over the past few moons. His life had transformed since coming to Brockenhurst Sett. After they stole the Sacred Roots from the Grand Chamber, the Preceptor visited him with talk of a diarchy and a promise of power. It was a persuasive declaration, hard to ignore. He was being offered the chance to be the first Suzerain of Brockenhurst Sett, with the authority to rule a realm within a realm. It was a dream he'd held since cubhood. Position and power.
After the Preceptor's visit, Cherva quickly set about collecting a band of trainee guards, only choosing the largest and most aggressive boars; those holding grudges against their fellow badgers. Taking them away from the main sett, he ordered a temporary burrow dug in Low Meadow. It was damp and dismal, just as he knew it would be; discomfort would lend a sharpness to the training.
Cherva trained the badgers hard, never letting up on the pressure. It took a great of effort to train the boars in overcoming their natural aversion to killing, but they slowly succumbed. It was necessary if the Preceptor's plans were to work. After two new moons, he'd done the best he could. They were now a team who worked well together, could disable and maim, would kill on his orders, and showed no mercy to themselves or others. With these badgers Cherva would hold sway over the whole sett, second only to the Preceptor himself.
Promising the guards' rewards of the best sleeping chambers and choice of females, he left to report back to Grindel, grinning broadly as he considered his new position.
*
Grindel smiled at the progress Cherva had made. Now he had total control of Brockenhurst Sett. The first phase of his plan, to fortify the sett against attack, was well under way. The major defence was earthworks to guard the sett entrance. It would let defenders protect the sett and confuse attackers with a maze. Supporting this would be Cherva's trained fighters.
Guards patrolled the paths leading into Brockenhurst Forest, and any travellers found, put to work on the complicated earthworks at the entrance. The sett entrances were under constant watch, badgers only being allowed out under strict supervision, to collect food or work on the defences. The guards dealt with dissent, both publicly and harshly.
Grindel wallowed in the atmosphere of fear that settled over Brockenhurst Valley. Using Cherva's terror tactics, he'd strengthened his position so much that badgers now cast their eyes to the ground when he passed. No longer under the hated Skelda's power, he was free to pursue his own plans. This gave him time to explore Skelda's lair. These singular burrows and chambers made him uneasy. Pushing the fears aside, he became fascinated by the bizarre configurations they took. One chamber especially intrigued him, and he spent many moons there, trying to unlock its secrets.
The walls of the chamber were too smooth for dust to settle on, rising higher than his eyes could follow. Far above, lost in a murky darkness, he sensed a roof spanning the astonishing area. The chamber was oppressive; the smallest noise, even his own soft breathing, echoing back from every direction. When he first entered, he looked about uneasily, expecting the roof to come crashing down on him. A deep layer of undisturbed dust covered the floor. It was obvious no creature had crossed its surface in many moons. Creeping across the vast emptiness, he reached the far side to discover a large object towering over him. The sides grainy, the edges sharply angled, its shape reflected the chamber in which it lay. He walked around it, finding its unidentifiable scent, sharp and musty. He licked it, surprised it was a ligneous substance. This comforted him, because he understood trees. Strange black markings covered the larger surface, vaguely reminiscent of the carvings in the Taproot Chamber.
Shortly after the discovery, Grindel had the first dream; a dream that recurred over the following seasons; a dream that became an obsession, consuming his wake-time as it did his sleep. In the dream he entered the vast chamber and stood before the object. A power radiated from it, an almost palpable, physical thing, that drew him closer — as though the moon, trapped inside, was trying to break out, oozing bands of bright, cold light through the surface. Setting to work with his powerful jaws, he found little difficulty in chewing into it. Spitting out splinters, he kept going until he broke through into the interior. It was here the dream always ended. Frustration at not seeing what was inside cut like a spume of fire. It felt as though the answers to all the questions he could ever ask were just out of reach; tantalisingly close, but still unobtainable. He became convinced the dream was a vision sent by the dead Skelda. It would explain why such power radiated from it. It was the 'Fire Soul', spoken of in the Legend. His best course of action was to leave it undisturbed until he could bring the other parts to the chamber and make Boddaert's body whole. Until then, he ordered the entrance blocked and instructed Cherva to kill the badgers who undertook the work.
*
Grindel stood on the ramparts of the giant earthworks, surveying his domain with a broad smile, savouring the absolute power that would soon be his. When Darkburst returned with the missing elements of Boddaert's Magic, he would put his plan into action.
There was hardly any room on top of Fire Rock when Grindel called his next meeting. They waited for the Preceptor to appear, fidgeting and murmuring in subdued voices. Flanked on all sides by the guards that were so prevalent of late. Most kept their gaze lowered, having learnt a challenging stare was answered with a stinging blow or a bruising bite. Grindel mounted the platform that Cherva's guards had constructed and waited for the crowd to quieten.
When Grindel had their full attention, his powerful oratory rang out over their heads. "Badgers, friends, I have information you should know. News of those who stole the Sacred Roots. The low-bellied cowards who sneaked away with our oldest and most treasured artefacts." He paused, giving them time to take in his words. One or two badgers whispered excitedly, but quickly settled down when a guard approached. "Now I've heard questions being asked by many of you, and you're right to ask them. But remember the reasons for your present discomfort, and the hard work you're asked to endure. Does any badger doubt I have their best interests at heart?"
Watching the crowd, Grindel noted those who might cause him trouble in the future; those with hardened stares and questioning eyes. Smiling, he continued. "When I ordered the building of the earthworks, it was for a reason." He nodded again with more significance, wrinkling his snout as though sharing their doubts. "Not because I wanted it, but because of the dangers posed by Grey and his cohorts. At substantial risk to myself, I have discovered why they stole the Sacred Roots in such a cowardly way. Yes, badgers. I, your Preceptor, risked my life discovering the answer."
Grindel's next pause proved too much. The crowd pushed forward expectantly, eager to hear what he had to say. "These cowards took the Sacred Roots to search for Boddaert's Magic." Shouting above the clamour this statement caused, he berated the crowd, building their hysteria. "Having stolen this treasure, what will they do with it when they return?" Massaging the crowd's fear, he glared, picking out individuals, making them part of the theft. "I'll tell you what. They'll use it to destroy us!" Shouting louder above the reaction of the hysterical crowd, his voice drowned even the most boisterous cries. "They'll use Boddaert's Magic to destroy Brockenhurst Sett, and that includes every badger here this moon. You and your cubs!"
The tightly packed mass swayed back and forth as Grindel's words struck home. "And I for one am determined that won't happen. I will not stand by and do nothing while they ravage our sett, our dreams, our very lives." He brought the mob to fever pitch, rising on his hind legs, voice rising another notch. "Are you with me, badgers?" Eyes dancing with excitement, spittle flying from his lips, he continued his tirade. "Are you strong, my brothers?"
"Yes," the boars shouted ecstatically.
"Are you strong, my sisters?"
"Yes," the sows screamed, some almost fainting with excitement.
"Will you stand by my side and fight this evil?"
The badgers crammed on Fire Rock that fateful moon, galvanised by Grindel's oration, erupted with one voice. Spurred on by the rising fever gripping every one, they screamed their allegiance, no longer despondent and distrustful, fired now by a common purpose.
Grindel threw back his head, his voice shaking with elation. "Will you fight with me, my badgers?"
"Yes!" they roared, overwhelmed by their own emotions.
"I need volunteers," Grindel cried. "Volunteers to finish building the fortifications. Volunteers to gather food for the workers and guards. Volunteers to watch the pathways. Will you volunteer, my badgers?"
As one, the crowd surged forward, urged on by the guards at the rear. Shoving excitedly, ignoring the terrified screams of those being trampled at the front, pushing closer in their search for a saviour, urging Grindel to wash them clean, give them the strength to fight the coming evil. Above them stood their master; tall, regal, beaming, waiting to give Cherva a signal.
At the Preceptor's nod, Cherva rose to his full height, his powerful body dwarfing those around him. "Guards," he bawled above the melee, "bring me the traitor. The one called Fenn."
Heads turned, and the throng immediately took up the Custodian's name. "Fenn! Fenn! Fenn!"
They dragged the terrified badger before the mob, and the shouting swiftly built to a roar. Clearing a space in front of the staging, the guards threw Fenn to the ground. Grindel stared down at the hapless Custodian, nodding contentedly as he studied the boar's swollen jaw. "Well badger, what have you to say in your defence?" he demanded. "What have you to tell us about your part in the plot to destroy Brockenhurst Sett?"
Fenn looked about helplessly, unable to speak, scarcely able to breathe through his swollen snout.
"I'm waiting, badger," Grindel threatened, his voice vibrating with indignation that the Custodian refused to answer. The hapless Fenn shook his head miserably, gazing at the crowd with fearful eyes, finding only enmity in his search for a friendly face. Grindel's voice lashed down again. "Do you deny you're part of this evil plot to take over Brockenhurst Sett and enslave every badger living here? Do you deny you helped Grey steal our beloved Sacred Roots, killing two Custodians in the process?" This revelation brought a gasp of horror from the crowd and they surged nearer Fenn, threatening him with flashing claws and sharp teeth. The guards hurriedly pushed them away.
"Well?" Grindel demanded. Fenn could only continue staring at the crowd, unable to answer. Grindel's next words came loaded with a flat menace. "If you don't answer me badger, I shall have no option but to take your silence as an admission of your guilt." Fenn tried desperately to answer his tormentor, but the pain proved too much and he collapsed. Grindel pointed down at the prone figure, a look of triumph glowing in his eyes. "See, my badgers?" he crowed in delight. "Do you see the guilt? The traitor Fenn is so overwhelmed with remorse that he can't face you. He's fainted. A coward and a traitor." Rearing up again, he solicited the crowd's approval. "What do you say, my brothers? Shall he die? SHALL HE DIE?"
"Yes!" howled the mob in unison.

Chapter 17

Slikit lay on his back, legs splayed awkwardly, chest rising and falling as he tried to recover his breath. It had been a long, hard chase, but he'd succeeded. He'd left the temporary burrow, determined to get the ears needed by the Healer, and there lay the prize by his side.
Slikit's poor eyesight made catching the creature difficult, but his old nose did not let him down. The mouse, though quick, had made the mistake of diving headlong for cover. Had it stayed in the open, it would have seen another moon, but even Slikit's blunt claws had no difficulty digging it from its ill-chosen hiding place. Moaning softly, he rolled over and stood up, favouring his aching muscles. Bending over the mouse, he deftly nipped the ears off, frowning at the notch torn into one.
Slikit ate little now — his appetite lessening as he aged — so he left the mutilated body of the mouse for some other creature to discover and made his way back to the burrow. The mouse ears, clamped tightly between his teeth, kept him from his favourite pastime, but he made up for this by grumbling to himself in his imagination. On the trek back to the burrow, he thought about the two badgers waiting for him — one sick with the yellow fever, the other sick with a very different illness. The Healer held powerful feelings for her companion, and he pondered how she'd accidentally eaten something that so violently disagreed with her. He smiled, recalling the way she'd looked at the sick boar with such obvious affection.
Sighing, Slikit pushed such thoughts from his mind, afraid they would stir too many memories of happier times. Fussing his way back into the burrow, he worked his way down into the chamber, greeting Soffen with a nod, glad to see she was awake and looking much better. Unfortunately, the same wasn't true for Brock, who lay half-curled on his bed of leaves, panting.
Crossing to Soffen. he spat the ears onto the floor. "Here you are, female. I had some trouble finding these for you, but I managed."
Soffen glanced down at the two bedraggled ears, then back up at Slikit. For a moment she didn't react, then a sparkle entered her eyes. Shaking her head, she burst into laughter, looking at Slikit helplessly as her body shook.
Slikit frowned in anger. Having done as she'd asked, why was she laughing at him It was humiliating!
Soffen finally found her voice. "I'm so sorry, Slikit," she gasped. "I don't mean to offend you. But it's so f-f-funny!" Turning away, she hid her snout in her flank, still giggling.
"What are you laughing at?" he demanded.
Pushing at the ears with a paw, she tried to maintain her dignity. "When I said Mouse-ear I meant the plant, not real ones!"
A heavy silence descended on the burrow. Soffen held her breath, trying to keep a serious expression, afraid she might offend the old badger even more. But Slikit joined in with the Healer's giggles and pretty soon he too was gasping for breath. It'd been too long since he'd laughed like this; such helpless, merry laughter that purified the soul and lifted the spirits.
"You didn't mean a mouse's ears, you m-m-meant mouse ears," he spluttered. "And I chased that mouse all over the place. F-f-from here to there, and b-back again!" It took a while before either could look at the other without bursting into a fit of the giggles, but at length their laughter subsided and both looked away in embarrassment.
Checking on Brock, Soffen asked Slikit to help her collect the proper Mouse-ear. Outside the moon was bright, the clouds sparse, with a light wind blowing across the low hills. Their laughter had cleared the air between them, and both now felt easier in the other's company. They walked side-by-side, lost to their innermost thoughts, savouring the mood. Since leaving his sett all those seasons ago, Slikit had spent so little time in the company of other badgers that he always felt awkward, never knowing what to say or how to behave. Now that he wanted to talk to Soffen, he was finding it difficult.
After a couple of false starts, he finally asked a question. "Where are you from, Soffen?"
She took so long answering that Slikit began wondering if she'd heard his question."I'm from Brockenhurst Sett. Have you heard of it?"
Slikit nodded. "But of course. Hasn't every badger?" They walked on in silence for a while, then at length he tried again. "So what brings you all the way here from Brockenhurst? It's a long way, quite a journey, in fact."
"We came searching for Boddaert's Magic," Soffen answered quietly.
Slikit stumbled to a stop, staring at her. Surely he'd misheard? She stared back with an equal intensity.
"What's wrong?" she asked, wrinkling her snout.
Slikit licked dry lips. "You said you came searching for Boddaert's Magic? The ancient magic?"
"Yes, Slikit. We came searching for the ancient magic."
"But that's just a myth, a story!"
"No, it's true," she assured him. "I'm a Healer, and Brock's a Teller. Who better to know that the Legend is fact?"
Slikit mulled over what she'd said. "And the two of you came searching for this myth?"
"Five," Soffen corrected. "There were five of us." 
"There are five of you? But where are the others? Did they go back for help?"
"Two of them died," she answered, softly. "Grey, a Custodian, and Darkburst, one of my cubs." After a slight pause. "Broshee, my other cub has disappeared. I don't know where she is."
"Two dead?" Slikit murmured.
"Yes, both drowned." Another pause. "Oh, my poor cub." The last word came as a sob.
"And your other cub? Also missing?"
A large tear ran down Soffen's snout. She shook it away with a quick flick of her head. When she finally spoke again, her voice was full of despair. "Yes. When I woke up, she'd gone. Did you notice any signs of her when you found me?"
Deep inside, she already knew the answer. Broshee was dead! The emptiness she felt inside told her that. She hadn't asked before because she was afraid of the answer. Suddenly everything became too much, and she collapsed onto the grass, sobbing quietly.
As Soffen cried for her cubs, Slikit stood at her side in embarrassed silence. Twice he extended a paw, as if to comfort her, but held back. He finally withdrew, sitting a short distance off, studying the moon as if it was the most important thing in his life. Let her suffer her grief in privacy. That would be best.
Soffen slowly gathered her emotions. Casting Slikit a hesitant look, she half-smiled. "Come on," she said in a quiet voice, "let's find that Mouse-ear."
Soffen pushed the hurt and guilt into the deepest recesses of her mind. It had been such self-indulgent feelings that had brought about her attempt on her own life, leading to Brock's grave illness. If she'd been there to help him, how different things might have been. Stay positive, don't give in to despair. Pushing such thoughts aside, she hurried on with the search, leaving Slikit to bumble along behind as best he could.
It was some time later she looked across at the old boar "You know, I think Broshee may have gone to fetch help. I think she went back to Brockenhurst Sett. Yes, that's what she'd do."
"Yes, I'm sure you're right," Slikit agreed.
They fell silent again, continuing their search, pushing through the thick undergrowth. Now and then Soffen stopped to examine a plant before rejecting it with an impatient shake of her head. Slikit could contain himself no longer.. "Soffen, what did you hope to do with Boddaert's Magic when you found it?"
Soffen stopped for a moment, scratching her flank. "Brock saw a vision about the destruction of Brockenhurst Sett."
"And you hoped to use Boddaert's Magic to save the sett?" Slikit prompted.
Soffen nodded. "The vision wasn't too clear about how to do that. But yes, that was our hope."
Slikit thought this over for a moment. "But how could you find Boddaert's Magic? Where would you begin?"
"We were hoping to find that answer on the Sacred Roots."
Slikit's eyes widened in horror, his mind thrown into turmoil. If they had the Sacred Roots, they could only have stolen them. The Preceptor of Brockenhurst Sett would never let such precious items out of his protection. He was an old fool, helping thieves!
"Come on, this way," Soffen said, heading off at a tangent, worrying she'd said too much.
Slikit's slow movements reflected his reluctance to follow the Healer as she led him through a tangled patch of undergrowth. They stopped at a bush. "Here's some. Come and look, so you'll know what it is in the future."
Slikit wandered over, studying the plant. The leaves were small, with sparse hairs on top and white down underneath. Its pale yellow flowers had a red tinge. "Is this mouse's ears?" he asked, his mind still struggling with the idea of her stealing the Sacred Roots.
A soft smile formed fleetingly on Soffen's lips. "Yes, that's Mouse-ear," she replied. "And all we need now is a special fungus that usually grows in the same place."
Gathering a selection of leaves from the plant, Soffen quickly located the fungus she needed and headed back to the burrow. Slikit trailed along behind, doing his best to hide his agitation as he deliberated on what he was getting involved in.
*
By the time Soffen and Slikit arrived back at the burrow, the sky had deepened to a bright, blood red. The air, crisp and clear, carried the scent of rain. With the prospect of a shower at any moment, they hurried down to the chamber, glad to be undercover.
When Soffen saw how much worse Brock was, concern clouded her face. His breathing was so laboured that every lungful shook his entire body. She prepared the plant and fungus, laboriously chewing them into a sticky paste, which she carefully dribbled into his mouth. Finished, she looked across at Slikit, tears shining in her eyes.
"He's dying," she whispered. "He's dying and there's nothing I can do about it. The only chance of saving him is for me to get him back to Brockenhurst Sett. I've got a potion there that might work. Will you help me get him there?"
The old badger exhaled heavily as he rose, weary and depressed. "Yes Soffen," he agreed, "I'll help you." Reluctant though he was to accompany Soffen and Brock to Brockenhurst Sett, he felt obligated. Having stopped to help, he was loath to back out. And anyway, he could slip away quietly when the time was right. There would be plenty of opportunities.
The febrifuge Soffen had given Brock began its work, and he had soon recovered enough to sit up. Looking about in confusion, he smiled at Soffen. "You're better," he said throatily.
Soffen drank in every word, hungry to hear him.
Brock looked about, wrinkling his snout as though trying to remember something important. "Broshee has gone to look for the stars," he suddenly blurted.
Soffen's eyes widened in shock. "She's alive? Broshee is alive?" She could scarcely believe it. "But I thought…" Then shaking her head, she asked, "Stars? What stars?"
Taking his time, Brock told her about the place where the stars rushed along beneath the sky, following a long line of trees. How they howled and moaned at each other as they went, making the earth tremble with their anger. As Brock told his story, Slikit stayed in the background, growing more taciturn now there was another badger to deal with. After Brock finished, Soffen explained they should return to Brockenhurst Sett as quickly as possible.
It elated Soffen to hear Broshee was still alive, but waiting for her return before starting the long journey back meant Brock would be too ill to travel. She'd leave a sign, telling her where they'd gone. As they prepared to leave, Brock suddenly clasped a paw to his head, crying out in pain.
Soffen's eyes widened, and she rushed to his side. "What is it? What's the matter?"
"A pain," Brock mumbled through clenched teeth. "A terrible pain." He rocked back and forth. "What? What did you say?"
Soffen shook her head. "Nothing, Brock. I said nothing."
Brock staggered backwards, eyes rolling wildly. "But I can hear voices," he cried, pounding at his head with a shaking paw. "In here, I can hear voices."
Slikit mumbled something under his breath, backing away, wary at the way Brock was behaving.
Brock grimaced again, then suddenly relaxed a little. "It's alright. I think it's easing now. Yes, it's definitely going away." He took a tentative breath, ready to stop the moment he felt the pain again.
Soffen wrinkled her snout, smiling uneasily at him. "Are you sure?"
Brock nodded slowly. "Yes. I just feel weak, that's all."
"Help me, Slikit," Soffen ordered. When he hung back, she frowned. She tried to reassure the old badger. "It's alright, he's fine now. Really, it's only a reaction to the potion I've given him." But she knew it wasn't, or the result of the illness he had. Something else was at work; something beyond her understanding.
*
The trio stopped for a rest beside a small pool of water. As Soffen ate the worms she'd gathered, she watched Brock thoughtfully from beneath hooded eyes. There was something disquieting about his behaviour. It reminded her of another badger, but she couldn't think who. Since leaving the burrow, Brock constantly mumbled to himself, answering unasked questions, as though talking to another badger.
Rested, the group pushed on, both Soffen and Slikit taking turns to help the struggling badger. When he collapsed from exhaustion, they took another break. He lay on the ground, sides heaving, struggling for breath. Turning away, Soffen forced herself to think about what she'd need to do once they arrived back. Dig up the piece of bark in which she'd placed her strongest potion. She'd hidden it after her father's death, cursing it for the pain it brought. He'd prepared it using the Dark Healing, draining the last of his strength.
Over many seasons Soffen begged and pleaded with her father not to use the Dark Healing when preparing his palliatives, but he wouldn't listen, boasting how his potions were the finest and most powerful in Brockenhurst Valley. She had to admit she couldn't produce anything to match the potency of his specifics, but remained too frightened to use the Dark Healing as an aid. One moon, after an absence of almost three seasons, he'd returned to tell her he was dying. His limbs trembled with the effort of keeping on his feet, and his head hung low. He asked her to help him get to the base of Fire Rock, not having the strength to manage the journey alone. On their stumbling walk, he told her about the secret chambers beneath Fire Rock, and how he wanted to spend what little time remained in their confines.
Following his instructions, she dug out an entrance tunnel and helped him inside, imploring him to let her stay and comfort him while he died. He would have none of it, instead making her promise to hide the entrance once he'd entered. She reluctantly agreed, and with tear-filled-eyes, watched him struggle into the dark interior. She could see him now, turning to say goodbye, his body swaying from side to side as he tried to keep his footing; the fur on his back, patchy and thin, with the scabby skin showing through.
Soffen's eyes widened when she made the connection. There was the similarity she'd been searching for as she'd watched Brock. It was her father! That time beneath Fire Rock, when he'd entered the tunnel. The vacant, troubled look in his eyes, the uncertain gait, the mumbling talk to a badger who wasn't there. She shook the thought aside. She had enough to worry about without an overactive imagination making things worse. Shaking Slikit and Brock awake, she led them out into the wilderness. They still had a long way to go.
Walking through the darkness, they struggled on. Brock fluctuated between bouts of energy and lethargy; Soffen between hope and deep despair. As the sun tinged yet another sky, they dug a burrow, crawled inside and immediately fell into an exhausted sleep.
*
Waking from a deep sleep, Slikit rose to relieve himself. Seeing that Brock was missing, he hurried outside and scouted around, spotting tracks leading into the undergrowth. Hurrying, he followed the trail until it petered out on stony ground. Arriving back, he paused at the entrance, sure Soffen would blame him for not keeping a closer eye on the Teller. Now would be a good time to slip away and return to his life of foraging and sleeping, but in the short time they'd spent together he'd come to admire her. The way she put others first, and her powerful will and gentle strength, reminded him of his mother.
"Soffen, wake up." Slikit shook the sleeping badger carefully. "Soffen come on, wake up!"
Soffen yawned loudly, squinting up, eyes still clouded with the vestiges of sleep. Getting stiffly to her feet, she yawned again and shook herself, looking around the burrow, snout furrowing when she saw Brock was missing. "Where's Brock?"
"I don't know," Slikit admitted. "He'd gone when I woke up." Turning his head, he nodded at the entrance. "I followed his trail as far as I could, but lost it when the ground turned stony."
Soffen left the burrow at a trot, Slikit right behind her, doing his best to keep up as she ran through the undergrowth. They reached the point where Brock's trail disappeared and Soffen cast about in frustration, her nose quivering urgently as she scented the ground. Slikit stood off to one side, watching the Healer's frantic search.
Looking back at Slikit, she shook her head. "I don't understand," she complained. "His scent just vanishes." Slapping a paw on the ground in frustration, she exhaled loudly. "There's fox and stoat aplenty here, but no badger, not one trace. How could he have just disappeared this way?"

Chapter 18

Brock woke with a start, his mind still echoing with unintelligible words. Tossing and turning he tried to get back to sleep, but finally gave up and left the burrow so as not to disturb the others. The sun blazed down from a clear blue sky and a heat-haze shimmered on the horizon. Hunting up some worms, he sat and ate them in a despondent mood. His head hurt and his back felt as though someone had been repeatedly jumping on it. His cough had disappeared, and he silently thanked Soffen and her powers of healing for that. But now there was something else wrong. Raising a paw, he touched the tender patch of skin on his head, feeling a hard lump beneath the surface, just behind his ear. Sitting back on his haunches, he finished the last of the worms and sighed dejectedly.
"Brock!" the pervading, now familiar voice spoke seductively from within his head. "Brock, you cannot deny me."
The voice had grown stronger over the past few moons, accompanied now by spurious memories. Memories of a strange cubhood that didn't belong to him; memories weaving themselves into his own recollections, until he wasn't sure which were real and which imagined. Another badger's memories! Throwing back his head, he bellowed at the madness invading his mind.
"Don't deny me, Brock," the insidious voice came again. "You're not strong enough." Screwing his eyes shut, he tried ignoring it. Acknowledgement was acceptance of his insanity.
When the voice first made itself known, Brock thought it a symptom of the Yellow Cough, but no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't rid himself of the annoying whispers. In frustration, he turned to the powers of The Way. After falling into a trance, he stood amongst the familiar pathways, but this time a shimmering shadow emerged from the depths of his psyche. Though insubstantial, it emitted an aura of great evil. The blackness swirled nearer, filling his mind, its pernicious tentacles freezing the core of his being. The powers of The Way, wrested from his control by the shadow, were fragmenting his mind. Balanced on the point of insanity, he snapped open his eyes, forcing himself out of the trance. Gulping great breaths of air, he collapsed onto his haunches, trying to control his trembling body.
Recognising how close to madness he'd been, Brock thought hard. Something frightening and dangerous had happened, but what? Was this the Dark Healing they'd warned him of during training? In his attempts to cast the insidious voice from his mind, had he somehow activated it? The voice had gone, but it would return. The whispers would rise again, tempting him with promises of power; all he had to do was become one with it. Struggling to his feet, Brock shook himself. He must tell Soffen what had happened, she'd know what to do.
As Brock hurriedly retraced his steps back to the burrow, a blinding pain suddenly lanced through his skull. "You are mine, Brock," the voice cried triumphantly. "I am Darkgrass; mother of Soffen: Fernbreak; father of Darkburst: Rockstay; creator of the Cimmerian Moon: Skelda; Master of the Dark Healing. You cannot cast me aside as you would a worrisome insect, I am too strong for that. Hear me. You cannot deny me."
Slowly, unremittingly, Brock felt his mind slipping from his control. One-by-one, each layer withered, until he could only retreat into the foulest recesses, where the darkest tenets lay, crouching in a terrifying darkness, surveying the world from another badger's eyes.
*
Darkburst thrashed about in deep clinging mud. As he sank beneath the stinking surface, his mouth filled with cold, cloying slime. His cries went unheard. The harder he fought, the deeper he sank. He was drowning. He sprang awake, heart hammering, legs flailing wildly. Taking a deep shuddering breath, he tried to calm himself. It was a dream. Just a dream.
Clambering from the shallow burrow, Darkburst shook the last vestiges of the nightmare from his mind and looked about. The moon shone brightly through breaks in an overcast sky. A dog barked in the distance, and for a moment his eyes flickered with fear. Smiling to himself, he gave a short laugh. The creature was too far away to be of any concern. Tipping his nose to the breeze, he scented the air. Fox and rabbit, but little else, just the soft, cloying aroma of the nearby river.
It had swept him a long way downstream from where he'd fallen in, and he didn't know where he was. Grooming the tangles from his fur, he thought back over this second brush with death. The fish had saved him, buoying him up with their silvery bodies until he'd been able to clamber out onto the sandbank. Not knowing what to make of it, he pushed the mystery aside for another time.
Darkburst studied the clouds, pondering what to do. He could follow the river, which would eventually lead him back to Brockenhurst Sett, or he could strike out overland, using the stars as his guide. He'd done so often enough when a small cub playing on the forest paths. It would be the quickest way, but he was reluctant to take it, especially as the sky was so overcast. He suddenly felt small and frightened. He was alone in a strange land, reliant for the first time in his life on his own skill. The sudden realisation almost overwhelmed him. For no reason, other than he had to go one way or the other, he struck out overland.
*
After walking for half a moon-cycle, Darkburst climbed to the top of a steep rise to get his bearings. As he looked out over the vista, his breath caught in his throat. Blinking, he looked again, expecting the view to have disappeared; just a figment of his imagination. But there it was, the vision he'd seen within the Sacred Roots: the lake reflecting the moonlight from its calm surface; the tall stand of trees marching down to the water's edge; further off, above the edge of the silver water, a line of stars moving swiftly across the horizon. It was an incredible sight, just as it had been when the ball of light erupted between the Sacred Roots, allowing him a brief glimpse into its secret world. All thoughts of returning to Brockenhurst Sett vanished, as with a growing sense of wonder, he studied the landscape. This was where his destiny lay, beyond the shimmering lake where the stars fell to the earth. It was where Boddaert's Magic lay.
*
Brock's mind swirled with memories of what had happened over the past few moons — the pains in his back that forced him to walk with a shuffling gait; the growth on his head, now weeping a foul smelling pus; the voice constantly pursuing him into the furthest recesses of his mind. It could mean only one thing - he was going mad!
He didn't know how long he lay under the bush while his memories disappeared, overlain with another badger's memories. He gave up the struggle, realising he'd lost the battle, and could do little more than peer out from his prison with an acceptance born of hopelessness. Strangely, with acceptance came relief. It wasn't his fault the dark shadow — so much quicker, so much stronger — had crushed him so completely.
Beginning with his earliest recollections — those of his birth and the first opening of his eyes as he stared about in fright and fascination at this new existence — each moment slipped away, fluttering towards the blackness like a leaf on a summer breeze. As the process continued, more and more memories followed, each blinking from existence like a firefly's brief flash. It was an image of Soffen that jolted him from his hopelessness. It reflected her gentle face, outlined by the strong, full moon. She was beckoning him, a half-smile on her lips, waiting patiently for him to come. The gentle sonnet she sang stirred a haunting emotion within his heart. But eventually even this image flickered and died.
"NOOOOOOO!" Brock's anguish rang out into the still air, echoing back from an emptiness that matched his mind. He screamed again, with a renewed resolution. He would regain control of his mind, wrest his soul back from the darkness. Digging deep, he discovered a firm determination, which he used to bolster his fight for survival — and suddenly he was free!
The dark aura rose, stronger now, its voice more powerful, almost painful in its intensity. "It is useless, Brock. Give this up."
As the two essences struggled for domination of one mind, Brock, fortified by the image of his love, fought with a ferocity he didn't realise he had. He fell, limbs flailing the ground with such force it almost broke his bones. Regaining his feet, he staggered, struggling with the unseen darkness trying to pervade his intellect. Clinging to Soffen's image, filled with her love, he fought off the tentacles swirling inside his head. Slowly, layer by layer, he reasserted himself, taking back control, pushing the dark aura back to the depths from which it came. Brock's senses returned: first sound, and the soft, piping wheeb of a distant bullfinch; then smell, and the earthy aroma of fresh worm casts; then taste, and the saltiness of his mouth; lastly touch, and the springiness of grass beneath his feet.
But at the pinnacle of his triumph, it cast Brock back through a swirling kaleidoscope of images, locking his mind inside a colourless, silent prison, from which there would be no escape. He screamed a soundless plea to the Prime Mover, but knew there was no escaping the dark aura now holding his mind in its grip.
*
Skelda's invasion of Brock's body marked another successful step in his stratagem. Stretching the strong limbs that were now his, he nodded in satisfaction as powerful muscles rippled beneath his skin. It was a fine body, one that would serve him well. He scented the cool air; sharp smells, stirring memories of better times. His legs trembled when he shifted them warily, first one then the other, until he could coordinate his movements. His blood, powered by a powerful heart, thrummed through his veins with a vibrancy not felt since cubhood, and his eyes flicked here and there with renewed pleasure, picking out colours he'd forgotten existed. This was better than he'd ever imagined. Lowering his head, he celebrated with a silent elegy to the Guardian of Blackness, who'd made it all possible. It took a little practice before he could make his new body obey him, but eventually he was gambolling about like a young cub. There was no shortage of breath, or searing pain in muscles deformed by the use of the Dark Healing. His new back was wonderfully flexible, which meant he could walk properly, no longer forced to scurry about like a crab. 
Skelda looked up at the clouds and smiled, his lips moving at his command, instead of hanging slack as usual. His brilliant success brought a lightness to his heart, a new determination to his being. This was his duty, his future, and he would bear it well. First, he must get back to Brockenhurst Sett and deal with Grindel, and accomplish it without Soffen and Slikit realising what he doing, or they'd try to thwart his plans.
Scenting the air, Skelda began an exploration of the area. He searched for a particular odour; dead flesh, a scent well familiar to him. Locating what he sought at the base of a gorse bush, he dug, his sharp claws quickly stripping the clods of earth aside. Pulling the dead vixen from her lair, he smiled. She'd suffered a broken leg and starved to death. By her side were three dead cubs. Working quickly, he chewed off four pieces of the vixen's pelt and wrapped them around his feet. Nodding at his own cunning, he made his way across the stony ground, knowing the trail he left would confuse even the best hunter, let alone an ancient badger like Slikit and a Healer as inexperienced as Soffen.

Chapter 19

Grindel inspected his fortifications with an air of accomplishment. Cherva had turned his vague orders into a reality. It protected the sett from all sides. Using badgers drafted in from the surrounding districts, they built tall banks of earth in front of the entrance, filling side entrances with large stones and packed earth. Two tunnels remained open. One faced the large semi-circular clearing between the front of the sett and the new earthworks. The other, a much smaller tunnel, led into the rear of the sett. This tunnel acted as a vent, allowing air to circulate through the various levels. Closing down all side entrances made the lower chambers hot and uncomfortable, but this was a small price to pay for security. To ensure the loyalty of his guards, he ordered chambers set aside for their use in the fresher upper levels. The rest made do with the discomfort of the lower ones. Grindel nodded happily. Cherva would see they accepted the new arrangements with no complaints.
They filled Brockenhurst Sett to overflowing with conscripted badgers brought in from the smaller setts scattered about the forest, so space was at a premium. They even plugged the internal latrines to make room for more badgers. However, the Grand Chamber was for Grindel and Cherva's personal use, a fact frequently commented on behind the guard's backs by badgers forced to live in the discomfort of the deeper chambers. The earthworks laid out around the main entrance formed a complicated maze that required negotiating before gaining admittance to the large semi-circular clearing in front of the sett itself. Its walls were thick, with walkways of packed earth fashioned along the tops. At regular intervals along these walkways, piles of stones were ready for tossing down on any invader. As an additional precaution, they cleared the undergrowth around the sett for a considerable distance.
Grindel covered every eventuality he could imagine and felt confident, that should a group decide to attack the sett, they would quickly die. There was only one weak point — the air vent at the rear of the sett. Unlike the main entrance, this had no labyrinth as protection, so Cherva and his minions built an enormous mound of rocks on a ledge over it. A single small keystone held the mound in place. Removing this would cause the whole pile to crash down, killing any badger below. Two badgers were on permanent guard duty, with two more posted nearby.
Grindel looked out over his domain, grinning happily. As yet it was small, only reaching the periphery of Brockenhurst Forest, but soon he would expand his influence to encompass all of Boddaert's Realm. His well-trained fighters, keen to follow Cherva's lead, could win any attack thrown at them. Grindel frowned, pondering the power he'd given the boar. He needed a hold over Cherva, something to keep him compliant. Chewing the remains of a small hedgehog, he considered his next move. Badachro Sett was the key; he would have to destroy it.
*
The name, Badachro Sett, was a misnomer. In the strictest sense it wasn't a sett, but a scattered collection of separate tunnels and chambers, making use of a cave system at the base of the Badachro Mountains. A frightened sow and her tail-less cub, chased from their sett many generations earlier, discovered the caves and made it their home. It was this same tail-less cub who'd grown up to become the fabled Bawsen, who fought so bravely to save Boddaert's Realm when Evaert threatened to destroy it.
Over time, other badgers joined the embryonic sett, and now, except for Brockenhurst Sett, was home to the largest cete of badgers in Boddaert's Realm. But its population was unlike other setts, most being refugees, outcasts with nowhere to go. Some had missing or misshapen limbs, others deformed ears or eyes, many variations not easily spotted. Whatever their differences, they found a home in Badachro Sett, amongst badgers of their own kind. Over generations the sett had grown so large and sprawling that most left it well alone, even Evaert giving it a wide birth during his attack on Boddaert's Realm — a decision that cost him dearly when Bawsen and her ragbag collection of followers rose against him.
Grindel, determined not to make the same mistake, knew it would be necessary to crush Badachro Sett if he wanted to gain control of the lands surrounding Brockenhurst Forest. Letting his gaze sweep the clear sky, he studied the stars for a favourable sign. They shimmered back at him with a comforting brightness, connecting to his innermost core. Closing his eyes, he began a chant of laudation to the Guardian of Darkness, gathering his strength for the coming battle.
*
Brokin took life seriously, tackling even the smallest tasks with a pride and dedication that set him apart from others. He stood on a small ledge far above Badachro Sett, fighting the shadows cast on the rocky cliff by the moon. Small of stature and softly spoken, many assumed he was also weak, not realising until too late he was a gifted fighter, justifiably proud he could beat any badger in a fight, fair or otherwise. Turning aside from his shadow-fighting, he took a rest, staring at the sett below. It was unlike any other in Boddaert's Realm, its tunnels short and shallow. The ground was thin and hard to dig, so most badgers lived in the caves extending into the rocky outcrop. Most other setts considered them to be deviants, Brokin being no exception. However, it wasn't until he took up his fighting stance, you might notice he carried an extra claw on each foot.
The sound of an argument reached him. He chuckled quietly when he recognised the voices. Checta had strayed into Root's hunting grounds again, something she often did. Her having only three legs and finding it hard to hunt, held little sway with Root. Once again, the bad-tempered boar was chasing her off. Brokin shook his head. They all had their burdens to bear.
*
Badachro Sett was a loose conglomeration of smaller communities, each group mistrusting the other. A Council of Elders kept an uneasy peace between the factions, setting down the laws and mores of the sett. Meeting infrequently, usually when a crisis arose, they promulgated their decisions, which most badgers accepted.
Drac, the leading Elder, scowled at Brokin as he entered the cave. "You've heard the rumours?" he asked abruptly.
"Yes," Brokin answered with a curt nod. The rumours had been circulating for some time. Stories of kidnappings and killings.
Drac nodded, throwing the other Elders a meaningful look. "During the last full moon we sent Elka to Brockenhurst Sett to check out these rumours." The Elder paused, looking uncomfortable for a moment. "He hasn't returned."
This was no surprise to Brokin. Any badgers found in Brockenhurst Forest were set to work on some crazy earthworks they were constructing. Wild stories of badgers being trained as fighters were also circulating. A large boar named Cherva was in control of the fighters and known to be ruthless in his dealings with any dissidents.
"We wondered if you might go to Brockenhurst Sett and find out what's going on." The Elder cocked his head, uncertainty wrinkling his snout, unsure of what the young boar's reaction might be. Sighing heavily, he stared down at the floor. "To be truthful, we need your help, Brokin," he finally admitted. "We need to know what's happening, because if these rumours are true, and the Preceptor is planning to take over Boddaert's Realm, it's inevitable that he'll attack us in the future."
Brokin's breath caught, and his eyes narrowed. "But I've heard nothing of this. What makes you think the Preceptor of Brockenhurst Sett is aiming to take over Boddaert's Realm?"
The Elder shifted uncomfortably, glancing at the others before answering. Two of them nodded for him to continue. "Well," Drac answered slowly, "when I told you just now that Elka hadn't returned from his trip to Brockenhurst, that wasn't strictly true. They found him a half-moon walk from here, dying from his wounds. He had a high fever and wasn't making much sense, but he told the badgers who found him that the Preceptor was taking over control of all the setts in Brockenhurst Forest, and had plans to expand his power into all of Boddaert's Realm. Unfortunately, he died before he could tell us anything more useful."
Brokin stared hard at Drac. The Elder looked away, then down at the floor again. The dark shadows cast by the uneven walls of the cave hid the fact that the old badger had one blue eye and one brown. "We know how skilled you are at stalking. If any badger can get into Brockenhurst Sett and out again without being caught, it's you."
"What wounds?" Brokin asked in a sharp voice.
"Wounds?" Drac responded, shaking his head.
"You said that Elka had died of his wounds. What wounds? I want to know what I'd be up against if I went."
A small involuntary shiver ran down Drac's back. "Stomach ripped open, snout crushed, and leg broken. But he somehow dragged himself all the way back here before he died. The Prime Mover knows how!"
"I'll agree to go on one condition," Brokin stated flatly.
They waited expectantly, but Brokin just stared at them silently. Before training himself to such a high degree in the art of fighting, some of these very badgers had made Brokin's life a constant misery, taking great delight in baiting him about his size and the way he spoke. Now he wanted them to beg for his favours, make them realise how much they needed him.
"What condition?" Drac finally asked.
"That I'm put in charge of training our fighters, because the Preceptor will surely launch this attack."
After a brief pause and a surreptitious glance at the other Elders, Drac nodded his consent.
Brokin left the cave deep in thought, already planning his strategy. Later that moon, he ate a meal of worms, then set out on the journey to the Brockenhurst Mountains, happy with the way things were turning out. From a small insignificant badger, constantly taunted about his appearance, he'd turned into a boar from who the highest authority sort help. Not bad.
*
Cherva watched the Preceptor standing atop the fortifications. He was staring at the stars, and even though Cherva was too far away to hear, he instinctively knew Grindel was talking to them. The breeze was warm, the moon bathing the forest in a bright white light, bringing everything into sharp relief. It was well into the summer-cycle, and soon life would slow as the winter-cycle approached. If the Preceptor left his planned attack on Badachro Sett much longer, he'd have to postpone it until after the cold winter winds had relinquished their hold on the forest.
Cherva checked on his guards, who were becoming slack of late, leaving the Preceptor to his communion with the stars. He heard their voices long before reaching their position. A bad sign, lax guards were a danger to the sett. These two obviously needed a sharp lesson, and he looked forward to giving them one.
With a stealth surprising for his size, Cherva crept through the undergrowth, circling the boars. They were eating worms and chatting animatedly, a short distance from the pathway they were supposedly guarding. Taking his time, he moved nearer, hardly disturbing the ferns as he moved through them.
"I don't care what Lish says, I've had enough of all this." The guard's disgruntled complaints carried to Cherva as he moved into position above them.
Cherva smiled in anticipation.
"Don't talk so loudly, Cros! If any badger overhears us, we'll be in deep trouble."
Cherva poked his snout over the edge of the ridge, studying the guards carefully. He didn't recognise either of them, but that was no surprise, given the large influx of badgers into the sett lately.
The first guard spoke again. "All I'm saying is, now's the time to leave. If we're going to do it, it has to be now. We can't wait any longer. Our relief will be here soon, and when they come, it'll be too late to do anything. Do you really want to spend the rest of your life stuck in this place?"
Cherva growled low in his throat when the rebellious words reached him. Rising to his feet, he made ready to attack.
"Don't move, not one muscle, not so much as a whisker." A sharp claw pressed into the large artery under Cherva's jaw accompanied the whispered order.
Cherva knew the badger at his side had only to make the slightest movement to spill his lifeblood onto the forest floor. He kept still, hardly breathing.
Moving carefully, Cherva's assailant kicked a small stone over the edge of the ridge. "Hey you two," he called. "Get up here now." The softly spoken words stirred the two guards. One cursed loudly.
Cherva waited patiently, aware that, for the moment, the small badger at his side was in complete control. The two guards scrambled their way up onto the ridge and stared in fascination at the scene greeting them. Cherva, their taskmaster head bowed to the ground, held there by a diminutive figure half his size.
The stranger smiled a greeting at them and nodded at the big boar. "This badger was about to attack you. I thought you'd like to know."
Cherva growled quietly, grimacing when the small badger pressed his claw harder into his neck.
"By Homer badger!" The nearer of the two guards protested. "What are you doing? That's Cherva."
The stranger looked at his captive with a quizzical expression. "You're Cherva?" he asked, quickly releasing his hold.
Cherva grunted as the pressure on his neck eased. He turned to face the small badger who'd attacked him, his eyes smouldering with rage. "You just gave up your life, stranger," he snarled. Turning to the two wide-eyed guards, he pointed at his assailant. "Kill this interloper and report to me when your replacements arrive." So saying, he stalked off.

Chapter 20

The journey to Brockenhurst Forest had been uneventful, which made Brokin's present situation even more awkward. He realised he should have stayed hidden after spotting the large badger preparing to attack the guards, but he'd hoped to use the situation to win favour and gain entrance to the sett.
Brokin studied the two guards, who were nervously glancing at each other. They were unsure of themselves, which was dangerous His slightest movement might make them attack in a panic. So he did nothing, just smiled, trying to ease the tension. The badger on his left moved closer to his companion, keeping a wary eye on Brokin.
"What do you think?" he whispered.
The other guard responded with a grunt, looking about nervously. Brokin kept his equanimity when they began arguing, waiting to see what they would do. He was confident that should they try to kill him, they'd die a quick death. Hopefully that wouldn't happen, but he surreptitiously flexed his claws in readiness.
Reaching their decision, one glared at him. "Stay where you are and don't move. We're going to get help. If you move, one of us will come back and kill you!"
Brokin kept a straight face at the guard's audacity, but only just. He nodded slightly, letting them know he understood. These two idiots had no intention of going for help, they were about to take off as fast as their cowardly legs would carry them. After they scrambled down onto the path, still arguing as they went, he slipped into the air vent they'd been guarding. He squeezed himself along the narrow passage, keeping alert for any guards posted along the way, thankful his small size made the going easy.
The deeper into the sett he went, the stuffier the tunnel became, the scents invading his sensitive nose making him gag. Moving quickly, he followed the twists and turns, trying to keep track of the direction he was travelling. Gradually a sound made itself heard, a soft rumbling that got steadily louder the further he went.
Voices! Hundreds of voices echoing along the tunnel towards him! Slowing his pace, he moved with greater caution, his excitement building. Reaching the end of the tunnel, he stopped just short of the exit, tentatively poking his snout over the sheer drop. The noise and stench hit him like a physical blow and he quickly withdrew, trying not to gasp too loudly. When he was ready to take another try at breathing the feted air without vomiting, he took another quick peek, discovering the tunnel was situated high on one wall of an enormous chamber.
Looking upwards, Brokin saw a gigantic root pierced the roof, snaking down to disappear into the floor far below. High in the root, he spotted a large chamber. Eyes widening, he realised this was the fabled Grand Chamber of Brockenhurst Sett. Badgers filled the space to overflowing, so tightly packed they could hardly move. As they jostled for room, an occasional fight broke out.
The unbearable noise quietened and Brokin saw a boar enter the taproot chamber and stare down at the assembly. He studied the seething mass far below, the corner of his lips upturned in an unconscious sneer. Brokin guessed this was Grindel, the Preceptor of Brockenhurst Sett.
"Badgers," the boar's harsh voice boomed out, bringing every eye in the Grand Chamber to his position. "We are almost ready. I have built our defences. We have captured females for our pleasure, and together, we have crushed those setts standing in the way of what is coming. Only one obstacle remains, Badachro Sett." He paused for a moment, studying the crowd. "When we finally destroy Badachro Sett, Boddaert's Realm will be ours for the taking, and every badger living in it will bow to our power."
The badgers assembled in the Grand Chamber exploded into a cheer that almost deafened Brokin, and it was well they did, because the shock of hearing the Preceptor's words had wrung a loud cry from his throat. Withdrawing back into the vent, Brokin tried to steady his pounding heart. He must get back to Badachro Sett at once and warn the Elders.
As he struggled to turn around in the tight tunnel, the Preceptor's voice boomed out again. "Winter is almost upon us, so we have to wait. But after it has shed its icy embrace, we will attack Badachro Sett. Under Cherva's command, our fighters will search out and kill every malformed deviant living in that cesspit. We will leave no misfit to contaminate our future. Not one boar. Not one sow. Not a single cub. Then my badgers, we will be free to restore the splendour that once dwelt in every sett throughout Boddaert's Realm. Once this curse has gone, our cubs will inherit a land of plenty. No more winters so cold the lowest levels freeze. No more summers so wet that our setts flood. We will live in a land of abundance, a land with a future, fit for all who hold true to the mores. What say you, my badgers? Is this not just? Is this not our right?"
The noise of the baying crowd echoed along the vent to Brokin as he negotiated the tight turn and set off along the tunnel as fast as his legs would carry him. Reaching the welcome fresh air, he hesitated, checking whether the coast was clear. Breaking from the vent at a fast run, he hoped the guards hadn't yet been replaced.
*
Brock knew he wasn't mad; a badger named Skelda had invaded his mind, somehow taking over his body, imprisoning him in a deep recess of his consciousness. With the realisation, came a determination to wrest back control and throw out the invader. There must be a way. What one badger could do, another could undo. Thinking about Soffen had given him the strength to fight back once before, so it should do so again.
Tentatively sending out his anima, Brock let it slither through the pathways of his mind like a slow-worm, wriggling along the edges — slyly, stealthily, so Skelda was unaware. Concentrating on Soffen's image, he drew her essence into his mind's-eye. It was a slow process, but he persevered, building the icon piece by piece.
Taking every opportunity Brock dipped into Skelda's thoughts as he crept by, learning how, through the use of the Dark Healing, the boar had flipped his persona into Brock's mind at the moment of his death; how the loathsome, twisted badger had wrapped their feet in the fox's skin to throw Soffen and Slikit off the scent.
Brock's body now felt like a dirty receptacle, filled with the purulent entrails of another badger — not his anymore, defiled as it was by Skelda's persona. The invasion of his body was so complete and intimate, every nerve ripped away by the evil boar's carnality.
Skimming Skelda's thoughts, Brock felt the boar's pleasure in their body, the new liberation the powerful muscles gave him. He continued, moving from thought to thought, desperately searching for any weakness, but found none. He discovered Skelda had lived under Fire Rock for many seasons, using the powers of the Dark Healing to keep himself alive, while he developed and improved his warped plan to conquer Boddaert's Realm. Brock understood at last that nothing could stop this cunning boar from completing his plans. Brock's greatest shock came when he learnt Skelda was not only Soffen's father but also Darkburst's and Broshee's.
As the duality set out towards Brockenhurst Sett, Brock, forced to lie in the darkness of his prison, felt a deep despair which ate away at his spirit. The thought of spending the rest of his life as an observer, unable to take part in life, except through the eyes and ears of another, overwhelmed him, sending a shudder to the very core of his being.
Skelda continued to push his new body to the limit, eager to be back in Brockenhurst Forest. In his imagination he was already running along its sweet smelling paths. He would kill Grindel, take a new mate, raise many cubs. Together they would sweep out into the surrounding countryside and conquer every sett in Boddaert's Realm. Still lost amid these dreams of what was to come, Skelda climbed to the top of a steep escarpment and stopped to rest. Standing at the very edge of a deep precipice, eyes glazed with excitement, he surveyed his imagined forces gathered on the plain below.
Brock's anger erupted almost beyond his control. Seeing one slim chance, though success would mean his death, he acted; for what was life without the freedom to choose? No, in the circumstances, death would be a welcome release. Concentrating every atom of his anger into a bright point of light, Brock used its power to force his body forward. It was only a small step, hardly noticeable, but enough to cause a stumble.
The loose earth at the edge of the escarpment crumbled under their weight and they fell, plummeting downwards, bouncing and tumbling over the steep slope with an ever-increasing speed. Even as they plunged, the two personae fought for control — Skelda desperately trying to stop the fall, Brock doing all in his power to continue it. The descent was long and painful, sharp rocks tearing unmercifully at their flesh. The snapping of bones heard, even over the howls and screams torn from their throat.
Through all pain, Brock remained elated, because he knew he had won.
Their body came to rest at the base of a tree in a cloud of dust.
The rest of the cycle passed slowly. The sun reached its zenith, and after bathing the scene in a powerful light, disappeared behind flat-topped clouds, sheared by a high wind. The body lay unmoving, its fur occasionally ruffled by a gentle breeze. The unseeing eyes, dull and glazed, continued to stare at nothing. As the sun finally set, and the moon made ready to wash the precipice with its gentle radiance, the sky darkened, casting long shadows over the landscape.
Other creatures stirred, crawling and scurrying out into the moonlight. From beneath the stones scattered about the plain, from small openings in the ground, they emerged, their antenna waving as they scented the air. The blood that had oozed from a torn ear, long dried now into a crusty dark-brown patch, attracted the foraging insects.
*
Brokin was on the sixth moon of his journey back to Badachro Sett when he spotted the body at the bottom of a deep ravine. A badger had fallen from the top of the high ridge opposite. He almost turned aside, reasoning no badger could survive such a fall, but curiosity made him hesitate, some uncertainty playing at the back of his mind.
Carefully making his way down the side of the ravine, Brokin reached the rocky floor and hurried to the body. Now he was nearer, he could see one leg was bent at an odd angle. Definitely broken, a bad sign. Reaching the badger's side, it amazed him to discover the boar was still alive. He'd helped Smint, their Healer, frequently, so knew a little about the art of Healing. This boar was near to death and there was little he could do to save him. Casting about the ravine, he found some Ugly Milk-Cap growing next to a birch tree. The mushroom had a dark olive-brown cap with a central depression in it. When he broke it open, it oozed a hot-tasting, milky juice. Dribbling the juice between the badger's lips, he waited. The boar breathed a little easier, even managing a painful half-smile.
In the three pain-racked moons they'd lain at the base of the ravine, the personae that were Brock and Skelda had melded into one consciousness, and together were now far more than their single entities. They looked out from the broken body that had been their battleground with a peace neither had experienced before. The Dark Healing had met with The Way and was now one, cancelling and complementing each other — two opposite energies become whole. Through Brock and Skelda, the Prime Mover had brought together these primitive forces, melding them into something far more powerful. The dual life essence flickered weakly. The body holding them was dying, but that certainty held no fears for either of them. Brock's skills in The Way, combined with Skelda's knowledge of the Dark Healing, had shown them a different path, a new direction to take, and Brokin's palliative administered at just the right moment, had given them the strength to take this one last journey.
As Brokin watched, life flickered and died in the stranger's eyes. Before leaving the ravine, he dug a shallow grave for the boar he'd tried to help. He stood for a moment beside the fresh mound of earth, feeling he'd been part of something far greater than the last moments of a dying badger. An air of mystery hung over the valley, and he glanced around uneasily, shivering slightly in the growing coldness.
On his journey back to Badachro Sett, Brokin's thoughts returned often to the boar he'd buried in the ravine. Something about the dying badger had touched him deeply, leaving him with the feeling all was not well with the world.

Chapter 21

Darkburst rested beneath a gnarled elder, eating the worms he'd gathered earlier. He yawned loudly, his breath forming a halo in the frigid air. The breeze carried a chill, and flurries of soft snow danced between the bare branches of the trees. A fox slipped quietly passed in the distance, single-minded in its search for a winter lair. All about, animals were preparing for the coming cold season.
Darkburst shook off his lethargy, got to his feet, stretched and continued to follow the spoor he'd discovered earlier that moon-cycle. The scent told him a sow had made it, and he wondered what she looked like. Whatever, he would follow her scent until he found her sett and ask for help. It was sometime later, as he emerged from a dense patch of tangled undergrowth, that he spotted the sett beneath a tall ash tree on the edge of a large meadow. He paused for a moment, studying the mound of earth thrown up around the entrance, surprised at its smallness. Surely only one or two badgers could live here? Strange, because badgers preferred living in large groups. He approached the sett warily, but could detect no other scent than the female's around the entrance.
Darkburst shouted into the tunnel "Hello, is any badger there?" His words echoed back unanswered. He tried again. "Hello, can you hear me?" He shrugged. Perhaps the sow was out hunting for food? Yet his nose told him she was definitely down there. Cautiously making his way inside, he looked around. The main chamber was deep and snug. A good place to spend the coming winter. But would the badger living here let him stay?
Searching for signs of life, he looked in every chamber, puzzled when he found no sign of life. The sett was empty, yet the sow's scent was strong, very strong, as if she was standing right beside him. Wrinkling his snout, he cast about in ever-growing confusion, eventually giving up on the conundrum. Accepting the evidence of his eyes, he gave a drawn-out yawn. The long journey had exhausted him. Settling down on a bed of dried leaves spread out in one corner, he contemplated his next move. He'd travelled a considerable distance over the past few moons, but he still had a long way to go. On clear moon-cycles the stars had twinkled their message to him — on overcast ones they'd used their strong, almost ethereal force on his mind, pulling him forward. But now it was time to rest, time to find a safe place in which to spend the cold cycle. Perhaps the female living here would allow him to stay once she got to know him. Closing his eyes, he made himself more comfortable amongst the leaves, sighing contentedly. The sett was warm and relaxing and his eyes grew heavier as sleep crept up on him. Perhaps just a short nap, he thought. After all, he'd come a long way. For a short time he fought the tiredness, but finally gave in, his gentle snores filling the chamber.
In the meadow above, the sun rose, lighting the low clouds with a red glow. The snow eased, then turned to drizzle. As the temperature rose, creatures began scurrying about, using this last opportunity to collect winter stores. Tucked snugly in the warm chamber below, Darkburst missed the dawn's display as it drove his stars away. Time passed, and the snow returned, gathering its strength to send heavy flakes scurrying around the slender trunk of the ash. The tree, sensing the coming winter, as it had for many generations, nestled itself into the ground, its great roots creaking in protest. In the tree's slow continuum, winter was but a small blip in temperature, a regular occurrence that came and went, cycle on cycle; a short period of rest and recovery before sending out fresh young shoots to welcome the warmth of the returning sun.
Deep in the earth, beneath the ash's roots, Darkburst opened one eye and listened intently. What had woken him? He'd heard something? A cough? Yes, there it was again. Looking around, his eyes widened when he discovered he was alone. Settling back down, he feigned sleep, snoring loudly, but staying alert, every sense quivering with expectation.
Another soft cough from across the chamber. Very faint, but unmistakable. Getting up, he stealthily crossed to the far wall and studied it. There, just visible, was a lighter patch of soil on one side of the entrance tunnel. He smiled, nodding his head in admiration. It was brilliant.
"You'd better come out now," he cried. "I know you're in there."
After a brief pause, a few grains of soil trickled down from the patch on the wall, then a few more, then an unbroken stream as the lighter coloured section collapsed onto the floor in front of him. The soil had blocked a short tunnel dug into the side of the chamber.
"Please, don't hurt me," a tremulous voice pleaded from the darkness.
"It's alright," he called softly. "Come on, come out. I won't hurt you."
Darkburst's eyes widened when a frightened sow scrambled out over the loose pile of earth. She was completely white. Backing away awkwardly, fear alive in her pink eyes, the terrified badger looked about apprehensively, every nerve taught.
Realising how frightened she was, Darkburst's reached out a paw. "No, it's alright," he said, trying to reassure her. "Really, I won't hurt you." He stepped back a few paces. "What's your name?"
The sow glanced at the entrance tunnel, making ready to flee, but when Darkburst made no move towards her, she relaxed a little. "My name's Brightness," she replied, her voice subdued, her eyes lowered.
Darkburst smiled reassuringly. "Do you live here by yourself, Brightness?"
Her eyes widened, as though an admission would be dangerous. He moved further away. "Come on, it's all right," he coaxed. "Really, I promise I won't hurt you."
Slowly crossing the chamber, Brightness settled herself on the leaves, her nervousness causing the shimmering white guard hairs on the tips of her ears to quiver.
Darkburst smiled again, cocking his head in a friendly gesture. When he spoke, he was careful to keep his voice low and friendly. "I've a story I'd like to tell you, Brightness," he said. "If you'll listen?" She nodded.
Taking his time, he told Brightness the story of his life. How he was born an albino, just as she was. How his mother, using her exceptional skills as a Healer, made him as other badgers. And how the Preceptor of his sett had given him a significant task to carry out. He talked far into the sun-cycle, reliving his encounters with danger — telling her how, twice, he'd nearly died, saved by creatures appearing as if by magic.
Brightness listened to his story with rapt attention, her pink eyes following every move as he paced back and forth across the chamber, lost in his description of the bright ball of light emerging from the Sacred Roots, and the wonderful image it had contained. As she listened, she relaxed, uncovering a store of worms. Continuing his narration, he took quick bites, swallowing rapidly so he could continue. Brightness lay back down, nibbling delicately at each morsel.
Darkburst didn't know how long he talked, but when he stopped, the sun was high in the sky. They stood together, under the shade of the ash, two very different badgers sharing a common heritage. Darkburst, his coat a sleek grey, and close by his side, Brightness, her white coat reflecting the weak winter sun.
Shaking the snow from his back, he frowned. "Brightness," he asked quietly, "do you think I could stay here for the winter-cycle?"
"Yes," she replied without hesitation.
*
During the following long moon-cycles, Darkburst and Brightness lay snug within their cosy chamber, serenaded by the sounds of the ash tree's roots as the winds swayed its slender trunk back and forth. They mostly slept, but occasionally one would venture forth to grub around the base of the tree for an insect or two. On these occasions they would talk or mate, or just share each other's company before returning to the somnolent state that marked the passage of winter. 
It was during these occasional wakeful periods that Darkburst learnt how, because Brightness was born with white fur, the Elders forced her mother to abandon her on an exposed hillside. Ignoring convention, her mother crept back to feed her every moon-cycle, moving her to different locations so no badger would discover the hiding place. She became used to being left alone, but always looked forward to her mother's visits — until one moon they stopped. Brightness worried something had happened to her mother. Perhaps she was lying injured somewhere, or worse still, dead? After four moons with no sign of her, she set out on a search.
During her brief visits to the hide-away on the hillside, Brightness's mother had repeatedly warned her, no matter what happened she must not go down to the sett below, because the badgers there would kill her. When she asked why, her mother looked uncomfortable, but finally told her it was because she was different. They would hate her white coat and pink eyes. Even though pressed, her mother would say no more about the matter, so she eventually stopped asking.
Having convinced herself that her mother only told her this to stop her wandering off and getting lost, she pushed the warnings aside and set out for the sett. Following her mother's faint scent through the undergrowth, Brightness waddled down the hillside under a bright moon, eager to see her once more. After losing herself in a dense thicket, she heard faint voices. Forcing her way through the tangled undergrowth, she tumbled out in front of four young cubs playing catch-as-catch-can. She laughed when they shrieked their surprise at her sudden appearance. But to her dismay the youngsters backed away, a deep fear clear in their eyes as they scattered in panic, screaming for their mothers.
It shocked Brightness. Why were they so frightened of her? She had done nothing to threaten them. Hearing a low growl, she turned, confronted by a large boar, top lip curled back over his teeth in a threatening gesture. The boar's coat was erect, adding to his impressive size. Without warning, he swiped Brightness across the snout, raking her from eye to nose. Shocked at this unprovoked attack, she turned and fled, terrified the boar would hurt her again.
She ran back through the thicket and up the hillside to her hiding place, but was only there a short time when the murmur of voices reached her. Peeking out from behind a large rock, she saw a band of badgers heading up the hill, the boar who'd attacked her leading the way. Brightness fled. Her mother had been right, she should have kept well away from the sett. The badgers living there were horrible.
During the following moon-cycles her snout swelled alarmingly, one eye closing so tightly she couldn't see out of it. She felt hot and weak, vomiting each time she ate. For five moons she lay under a thick bush, shivering violently, even under the scorching sun beating down on her. Brightness thought she was dying, but slowly recovered, regaining more strength with the passing of each moon, until all she had left of her brush with death, was a jagged black scar running from eye to nose, marring the whiteness of her fur. It was a permanent reminder of the hatred directed at her. She'd always be an outcast.
It took a long while before Brightness accepted she would never see her mother again. Not knowing what to do, she stayed near the hillside until a new moon rose, hoping she might be wrong and her mother would appear out of the darkness, a bundle of worms in her mouth and a soft smile on her lips. But it wasn't to be, and finally she left the hillside for the last time, turning her back on the small burrow with a heavy heart.
Brightness tried approaching other setts during her lonely wanderings, but these attempts always ended in her being driven away. The last time the assault was more verbal than physical, but it hurt her just as deeply. She ran from the encounter, tears stinging her eyes, determined no badger would hurt her again. One moon, stumbling upon a slender ash on the edge of a large meadow, she felt she'd arrived home. Digging herself a small, comfortable sett beneath the tree's protective roots, she decided she'd spend the rest of her life here.
Brightness spent many seasons living out a quiet existence on the edge of the meadow, snug in her sett during the winters, roaming the nearby copse during the summers. Not happy, but content as she had any right to be. Time passed and her life settled down into a reassuringly dull routine. Late one moon, she heard a badger's pawsteps approaching her sett. In a rising panic, she rushed back, hurriedly digging a short tunnel into the side of the sleeping chamber. Backing into it, she carefully packed the earth back in place, hoping the stranger would not find her.
How long she lay in her self-imposed prison, trembling with fright, she didn't know, but it seemed forever. Laying close to the floor, breathing slowly to preserve air, Brightness tried ignoring the stuffiness that quickly built up. To keep calm, she concentrated on memories of her mother and the hillside that had been her playground, but the air quickly became so foul she could scarcely breathe.
She coughed, then again, waking the snoring badger from his sleep. Forced to emerge from her hiding place, Brightness saw Darkburst waiting for her — not the monster she'd expected. Instead of an attack, he'd shown only kindness and understanding. For the first time in her young life, she discovered what friendship was. He proved to be a badger who could accept her for who she was and not care about the colour of her fur.
During the long winter-cycle, Brightness fell deeply in love with the puzzling badger. And now, laying snuggled into his side, watching the gentle rise and fall of his breathing, she wondered if the future might hold some happiness for her after all.
*
Brightness stood forlorn, heart beating wildly as Darkburst moved out across the meadow under the weak sun. Last moon he'd told her he was leaving. In a low, faltering voice, he explained how he must continue his search for Boddaert's Magic now winter had ended. All her entreaties were in vain; he remained adamant. He gave her a keepsake before he left — a small piece of root he said would keep her safe until he returned. She touched it, feeling its warmth flood through her paw as she watched her love make his way to the summit of the far hill. Scenting the air, she sighed heavily. The warm cycle was returning and everywhere plants were thrusting up fresh growth, creatures stirring from their winter lairs. It was a time of new beginnings, not a time for such sad partings.
As Darkburst grew smaller in the distance, Brightness thought back over what he'd told her. Over the past few moons a powerful urge came upon him, giving him no rest. He was out hunting beetles by a large tumble of rocks when the Talisman hanging about his neck flashed brightly, reflecting the moonlight into his eyes with a piercing intensity. Thoughts of Grindel and the unfinished search for Boddaert's Magic flooded his mind, and no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't still them. He told her he'd never been happier than during the past winter-cycle spent with her beneath the ash tree, and wanted nothing more than to stay, but he'd find no peace until he completed the task Grindel had set him. It was his destiny, his reason for being, and he must do it alone.
Darkburst turned to look at her, giving a last wave before topping the hill and disappearing from sight. Brightness lowered her gaze, wondering if she'd ever see him again. Not since her mother's disappearance had she felt so desperately unhappy and abandoned. "Come back to me quickly, my love," she whispered.

Chapter 22

Soffen gazed at the old badger, sadness misting her eyes. "I shall miss you, Slikit."
Slikit smiled and nodded slowly. "And I shall miss you too," he replied quietly. "But I really don't want to go to Brockenhurst Sett. You understand that, don't you?" When Soffen shrugged, he looked into the distance. "I'm used to living on my own, you see." His voice took on a defensive quality. "My future is out there somewhere, in the wide spaces and lonely hills. Not in the busy tunnels and crowded chambers of Brockenhurst Sett, as grandiose as they probably are."
"I know, Slikit," Soffen assured the old badger.
They stood quietly for a moment, neither moving, both reluctant to break the mood. Then Slikit awkwardly touched his nose to Soffen's neck, turned his back and pushed his way into the undergrowth. She could follow the old badger's progress, his cracked old voice mumbling and grumbling at everything that got in his way.
When silence finally fell over the landscape, Soffen shook her head forlornly, turning back towards the burrow. Now that Slikit had left, there was little reason to delay making preparations for her journey to Brockenhurst Sett, where she would wait for news of Brock and Broshee. Humming a sonnet from her cubhood, she cleaned the burrow for the last time, leaving it tidy for the next badger who might happen along. Once everything was spick and span, there were no more reasons to dally, so she set out beneath a bright moonlit sky, her spirits already back in Brockenhurst Forest. Travelling by moonlight, making temporary shelter beneath a bush or thicket of ferns during the sun-cycle, Soffen made excellent progress. The weather was turning cold, but she was confident she would reach Brockenhurst Forest before the chill winter winds descended and forced her to dig a burrow to wait out the snowy cycle.
The journey was mainly uneventful, only two things stood out; reaching the tree they used to cross the rushing torrents of the Andith River, and her arrival at the tunnel where Darkburst drowned. She stopped for a rest at the tree and ate a small meal. Before continuing, she stood on the riverbank, paying a last homage to a gentle old badger. Tenderly dropping holly leaves onto the rippling water, she watched them swirl away on the current, picturing again the rotund proportions of the old Custodian. Wiping a tear from her eye and bidding Grey a last farewell, she resumed her journey.
Reaching the dark tunnel where her cub drowned, Soffen was reluctant to enter its dark entrance, but there was no other way of reaching the opposite bank. A shiver ran down her back. Would she drown as she tried to swim through, or perhaps stumble across her cub's bloated body floating in the water? The thought provoked such a deep horror, she almost turned aside. After much dithering, she rushed inside.
The long hot summer had dried the tunnel, and now only a slick layer of mud remained. There was no sign of Darkburst's body, and that raised a small hope in her heart. Perhaps he hadn't drowned after all? Perhaps he'd survived to make it back to Brockenhurst Forest? She hurried through the tunnel, constantly slipping on the sticky mud, breathing a heart-felt thanks when she emerged on the far bank. The sun was spearing the morning sky with long slim claws of brightness, but she decided not to rest during the sun-cycle. She was so near Brockenhurst Forest it made little sense to wait for the next moon before continuing.
The sun had long passed its zenith when Soffen reached the outskirts of Brockenhurst Forest. She quickened her pace in anticipation of seeing Darkburst, Broshee and Brock — having convinced herself they would be there when she arrived. Her heart pounded at the thought, and it was as much as she could do not to break into an undignified run at every step.
*
"Stop right there, female!"
Soffen stumbled to a halt, startled by the unexpected command. Two rough-looking boars stepped out from behind a thicket and confronted her, their gaze roaming her body with barely suppressed lust. She stared back at them, nerves taught. One approached, thrusting his snout under her tail in a most ill-mannered way, laughing when she jumped back and squealed her indignation.
"Who are you? What do you want here?" his companion demanded of her.
"My name is Soffen," she answered with as much dignity as she could muster. "This is my home."
The boar's demeanour changed when he heard her name. "Soffen, the Healer?"
When she nodded, both guards took up position at her side. Keeping close, so she could not escape, they began shepherding her along the path towards Brockenhurst Sett. The larger of the two boars wore a huge grin. He was contemplating the reward Cherva would give him for bringing in such a valuable prize. A bigger chamber certainly, and perhaps — He leered at the female stumbling along beside him. What would she be like, he wondered? Certainly better than the skinny sow that he'd had last summer.
As they hurried along the forest path, Soffen kept silent, aware of the surreptitious glances she was receiving from one of her guards. His constant leers were making her uncomfortable. The dull faced, lethargic badgers they met along the path shocked her. Without exception, everyone cast their eyes to the ground as the trio bustled by. Rounding a sharp bend, she couldn't help but gasp aloud at the sight greeting her. Massive earthworks defiled the once beautiful Brockenhurst Sett!
Entering the earthworks through a small opening in the wall, Soffen and her guards passed into a confusing labyrinth of passageways which twisted and turned, splitting and rejoining in such confusing patterns it made her senses reel. Before they'd taken more than a hundred paces, she got hopelessly lost. They'd scooped alcoves at regular intervals along the twisting passageways, and here large boars stood guard, nodding silently as they passed. The passageway narrowed, and they fell into a single line, one guard leading the other in the rear. They finally reached a large semi-circular clearing fronting the entrance tunnel. The walls, smoothed mud, would be impossible to climb.
As they entered the clearing, the guards took up position at her side, guiding her at an angle across the packed earth clearing, where they stopped in front of the main entrance.
"Wait here," one guard barked, hurrying off to speak to a large boar guarding the opening. After talking animatedly for a moment, he returned. "Cherva is in the Grand Chamber," he told his companion, prodding Soffen into motion again. The stench engulfing her as they entered made Soffen gag. It was some time before she could see through the tears stinging her eyes.
One guard barked a short laugh at her reaction. "You'll get used to that," he growled, nudging her further into the sett. "We all do, eventually."
Soffen was in familiar territory now, and her heart beat faster at the thought of seeing Brock again. He would explain what was happening to Brockenhurst Sett, and where all these rough badgers had come from. Reaching the entrance to the Grand Chamber, the trio halted and for the first time the two guards seemed unsure of themselves. The air being less repugnant here, Soffen took a deep breath to steady her pounding heart. The smaller guard swallowed loudly, looking at his companion. Getting no reaction, he shrugged, then walked into the chamber.
He quickly reappeared "In you go," he said, pushing Soffen forward.
Soffen took a few tentative steps into the Grand Chamber, then stopped in surprise. Facing her was a badger she recognised. Her heart beat faster. It was Grindel, the Preceptor, leader of the Custodians and Guardian of the Sacred Roots. He glared at her, his feelings of contempt obvious in his dark eyes. Standing off to one side was a giant hulk of a badger. Soffen had never seen him before, but guessed it must be Cherva, the boar the guards had talked about in hushed voices on their journey back through the forest.
"Come forward, female," the Preceptor ordered. Soffen moved further into the chamber, casting her eyes to the floor in respect. "This is our fabled Healer," Grindel told Cherva in an aside, not taking his gaze from her. "One of those who stole the Sacred Roots."
"But I can explain…"
"Be quiet sow," the Preceptor cut short Soffen's protest with a harsh growl. "Speak only when you're spoken to." He turned to the giant boar, continuing the conversation as though no interruption had occurred. "Now why do you suppose she did that Cherva? What reason could our Healer have to steal such a precious item from us? Perhaps she took them to help heal a sick cub? Or maybe ward off an attack by some marauding badgers? What do you think, Cherva? It would need to be something pretty important, wouldn't it? After all, stealing the Sacred Roots is not something you would undertake lightly, is it?" The Preceptor turned his dark eyes on Soffen. "Well, Healer?" he prompted.
Soffen explained how she had gone with the others to search for Boddaert's Magic, hoping to save Brockenhurst Sett. How she believed that all the badgers living in Brockenhurst Forest would die if Brock's vision was true. She told of the tragedies that had befallen her on the journey; of Grey's death; the drowning of Darkburst, and the disappearance of Broshee. Finally, in a painful voice, she told of Brock's sickness and ultimate disappearance.
Throughout the Healer's narration, the Preceptor listened intently, nodding his head occasionally, as though encouraging her to continue. When she finished he stood quietly, staring at her, his silence adding to the tension.
Cherva moved his considerable bulk slightly, and the Preceptor barked a short laugh. "Healer," he said, shaking his head in disbelief, "you certainly tell a wonderful tale. So tell me, who thought up this preposterous story? Was it you, or Brock? Or perhaps Grey? Yes, probably Grey. He was always too sharp for his own good." Shaking his head again Grindel chuckled his amusement, laughter dancing in his eyes.
"But it's all true, Preceptor," Soffen protested softly. "I promise you."
"No female," Grindel retorted. "I'll tell you what's true. You and your little gang of followers went looking for Boddaert's Magic — not to save Brockenhurst Sett — but to destroy it. You planned to use it's magic for your own twisted ends, but things went wrong, didn't they? The others sent you back with this ridiculous tale, hoping they could persuade me to turn a blind eye to your misdeeds. Well, we'll see about that later. First tell me about your cub, Darkburst. You say you never found his body in the tunnel under the river?"
Soffen shook her head, and Grindel nodded. "I see. Then perhaps there's a chance he still lives."
Glancing at Cherva, Grindel wrinkled his snout as though an unpleasant smell had entered the chamber. "Take this away somewhere and put a guard on it," he ordered. But as Cherva herded Soffen from the chamber, Grindel stopped him momentarily. "Make sure no badger touches it," he added in a low, harsh growl. "You understand my meaning?"
Cherva nodded and turned away, pushing Soffen before him, wondering why the sow rated such special treatment. Guiding the Healer through the tunnels towards the chamber below Fire Rock where they kept prisoners, Cherva pondered on the reasons the Preceptor might be so interested in the Healer's cub. He was missing something important here and would do well to question the Healer about this himself, but how to do it without the Preceptor finding out was a problem.
Cherva pushed Soffen into a small chamber already overcrowded with badgers. They looked weak and emaciated, with dull, sunken eyes. A few heads turned as she stumbled about, looking for somewhere to lie down, but mostly they just stared vacantly at the floor. She noticed all the badgers in the chamber were avoiding one corner, even though this meant that there was less room for everyone else.
Soffen pushed her way to the corner, weaving through the crowded badgers. To her horror, she found three dead bodies piled on top of each other. One, just a cub, was scarcely a season old. She looked at her fellow prisoners for an explanation, but none would meet her gaze. Hurrying back through the press of bodies, she crossed to the low archway and confronted the badger guarding the entrance.
"There are three dead badgers in here," she protested angrily. "How can you just leave them laying there? Haven't you got the decency to take them out and bury them? What's wrong with you?"
The guard turned and raked Soffen's snout with sharp claws. She fell back with a cry of pain, her sensitive nose dripping blood. She stood motionless for a moment, her heart beating fast, not really believing what had just happened. When no badger came to her aide, she angrily pushed her way to the nearest wall and lay down facing it, her sobs lost amongst the constant moans and whimpers of those around her. A short time later, three large boars pushed their way into the crowded chamber and dragged the dead bodies out. She lay facing the wall, curled into a tight ball, her stumpy tail covering the tip of her nose. She sobbed to herself, claws clenching and unclenching as she cried. Time passed, and she breathed more easily, her tiredness dulling her misery.
Soffen slipped into that misty place between sleep and wakefulness, where troubles seemed to dissolve away and the harsh world become unreal. Her memories took her back to the forest that she knew so well, along paths bathed by golden moonlight, beneath trees that spread their protective canopies over all badgers, no matter how horrid. She fell into a deeper slumber and dreamt of Brock. Together they ran along riverbanks, jumping in and out of the sparkling water as they chased fish from their hiding places on the stony bottom. Then they were flying through the cool air like two owls hunting mice, and for the first time since Grey's death, her lips formed a smile, her eyelids flickering as her eyes darted back and forth.
Soffen, jerked awake by a gentle shake and whispered words, looked about in confusion. The familiar face of Moss, Raffen's friend, looked down at her.
"That was a very brave thing you did. Getting those brutes to remove those poor badger's bodies," Moss whispered.
"What's happening, Moss?" Soffen asked despondently. "Has the whole sett gone mad?"
Moss settled herself down, flicking her tongue over dry lips. She looked tired, her fur unkempt and her claws dirty. Talking in an undertone, she told Soffen about the changes that had taken place since she'd left on her search for Boddaert's Magic. Though weak and thirsty, the young sow talked for a long time. The details she shared shocked Soffen so much that she scarcely drew a breath as she listened to the terrible account. She felt a new respect for the exhausted badger. Unlike many of her peers, this young sow had refused to give in to the demands made upon her by the badgers now controlling Brockenhurst Sett: the fighters and guards who considered it their right to receive food and water, and mate whenever the fancy took them. Like most of the others packed into the small chamber, Moss had refused to cooperate and was now paying dearly for her stubbornness. After Moss finished, she fell into a restless sleep, leaving Soffen to ponder what she'd heard.
Rising, Soffen shook the knots from her body, being careful not to disturb her sleeping friend. She looked around at the miserable scene, sighing despondently. She moved through the crowd, asking any who'd listen a question, persevering until she'd spoken to every badger she could. After the last badger answered her question with a negative shake of the head, she slumped back down beside Moss, losing herself to a feeling of utter desolation.
As Soffen fell into a fitful doze, a badger standing nearby nodded at her. "What did she ask you?"
"She asked me if I'd heard anything about some badger called Brock," came the disinterested reply.
"Yes. She asked me that too."
*
The cold weather fell on Brockenhurst Forest with an unexpected ferocity. Because of the large numbers of badgers over-wintering in the sett, food — always scarce at this time of the cycle — was even scarcer. Deaths from illness and malnutrition quickly mounted until those living in the lower chambers became restless. The less frightened mumbled their discontent more audibly, which forced Cherva's guards to keep up a constant patrol. When the Preceptor realised how bad things were becoming in the lower tunnels, and fearing the Yellow Cough might decimate his fighters, he ordered Soffen's release and return to her healing responsibilities. Knowing the Preceptor had ordered Cherva to throw any badger with fever out onto the deep snow banks to die, even though sick herself, she agreed.
Soffen smuggled some of the worst afflicted to her old burrow in Bluebell Clearing, where she could tend to their illness and hopefully save their lives. By convincing Cherva she needed help in collecting plants and herbs to treat the sick, and using the sick badgers as her helpers, she fooled the guards. Returning after they had changed for the cycle, none suspected when she returned alone.
During the long winter cycle, Soffen kept busy tending the constant stream of sick badgers being sent to her chamber. Her trips into the forest to collect the few herbs that survived the harsh weather also gave her the opportunity to familiarise herself with the labyrinth guarding the entrance to the sett. By pretending to get lost from time to time she took full advantage, memorising every detail of the complicated layout. When no guards were in sight, she made small marks at the intersections which would act as a guide through the tangled web of corridors. Soffen planned to escape Brockenhurst Sett when the weather warmed. Badgers needed to know what was happening. There had to be some badger somewhere in Boddaert's Realm, who could put an end to this madness. In the meantime, she'd continue helping the sick as best she could.
Soffen never got the chance to put her scheme into action. At the first signs of warmer weather, Cherva withdrew her privileges and once again she found herself confined to the overcrowded prison. Until she lost her freedom again, she hadn't appreciated how much she relied on her trips out into the snow-covered forest to keep her sane. Now she fell into a dark depression.
One moon, Cherva came to tell her the Preceptor wanted to see her in the Grand Chamber immediately. Before going to the meeting, she made her way down to the lowest levels, hurrying towards the large drinking pool at the very bottom of the sett. If she wanted to take advantage of this opportunity, she'd need to make herself presentable. She had to persuade the Preceptor to let her out on one last collecting trip so she could slip away.
Standing over the shimmering pool, she stared into its depths, shocked at how thin she was. Her reflection stared back, almost a stranger. Leaning closer, she studied the deep furrows in her snout, the grey hairs liberally sprinkled through the black stripes on her cheeks. She looked so old, so worn. What would Brock make of her now, she wondered? As Brock's image flooded her mind, leaping at her from the distant past, something stirred under the rippling water. Deep down at the bottom of the pool, in the murky layers where the past and the present merged — where the netherworld permeated the badger's world — something ancient awoke.
Stretching up from the mud, it tentatively tested the water, undefined and insubstantial, but intensifying as it became more confident. It probed further, then rested. Gathering itself again, it quickly expanded outwards, slithering over and through itself, cleaving rapidly upwards with coils of brightly coloured tendrils, until it filled the pool.
Soffen gasped as a stream of light exploded upwards from the water, spraying her with such force she stumbled backwards. Shading her face with a trembling paw, she watched in awe as points of brightness bobbed and weaved about the roof of the chamber. Greens and blues swirled urgently around her head, chasing each other like young cubs playing in a forest glade. Round and round they swirled, laced here and there with blood red and moon yellow, the colours contracting and expanding before merging into a bright point of light which exploded outwards again in a breathtaking display of energy. The short bristles on her snout tingled as she watched the colours swirl through each other with such speed they appeared solid.
A sphere formed, which flattened into a large disc. The disc hovered in the air for a moment, then tilted sharply, presenting its circular face to her, its mid-section flashing and shimmering as it expanded outwards towards its circumference. The boundary flickered, pulsing faster and faster, ruffling her fur with its energy, drawing her gaze to its very centre, where she stared through a portal into another world.
She took a step forward.

Chapter 23

Darkburst was ravenous. His last meal, an adder he'd stumbled across four moons earlier, was long digested. He found it hidden amongst pine needles. The whitish spots marking its back reflecting the dim moonlight gave it away. He approached cautiously, knowing the danger. It reared at him, fangs extended, ready to strike. Twisting to one side, he darted forward, seizing the snake just below the head, biting down hard. Its tail whipped back and forth, but he brought its suffering to a quick end with a flick of his head. The unexpected meal filled the void gnawing away at his belly, but all too soon he was hungry again. Locating food in the pine forest was becoming a never-ending struggle.
Darkburst's constant hunger made him light-headed, and he found it hard to concentrate, his thoughts constantly straying. What was he doing here in this gloomy place where the moon never shone? Why were the trees packed so tightly together, blocking out the sky? Shaking his head, he tried to focus. He was searching for something. Yes, he was searching for something, but what?
Suddenly the tree nearest Darkburst shifted. It lunged forward, towering right over him, threatening to engulf him with its branches. He panicked, looking about in desperation, searching for a way out of the forest. But he saw only trees — tree, upon tree, upon tree, upon tree, growing from each other's trunks, like a gigantic shrub which had suddenly sprouted thousands of claws, reaching out for him with rattling branches.
Closing his eyes, he shook his head, taking deep breaths to steady himself. When he opened them again, the trees were still there, ranked before him in their thousands, stretching away into a heavy mist. His world had condensed into a swirling kaleidoscope of shifting trunks.
Darkburst broke and ran, weaving between the trunks when he saw them, bouncing off when he didn't. Onwards he ran, the pine needles beneath his feet swirling about his belly as he kicked them high. Gaining the top of a rise, he raced down the far side, eyes wide, lips pulled back across his teeth in terror. In his panic he saw nothing, constantly banging his sensitive snout and bruising his body. Then tripping on a root, he twisted sideways, instinctively tucking his head into his flank to protect it. He landed with a thump that forced the last of his breath from his lungs, but it shook some sense into him and his panic subsided.
What was he doing? Why was he running like some crazed youngster being chased by a dog? Then he recalled the trees reaching out for him, wanting to hold him in an inescapable embrace. He spun round, trying to catch a tree moving, but they stood silently — tall and majestic, mocking him. He spun again, then again, chasing his tail until he could spin no longer, and collapsed.
When Darkburst regained consciousness, he was weak. If he didn't find some nourishment soon, he'd never find his way out of this confusing place. After staggering to his feet, a movement caught his eye; a pine marten, running up the trunk of a nearby tree, its body undulating over the rough surface. He watched its prominent eyes flicking side to side in a constant search for danger. Pine martens sometimes reared their young in discarded crow's nests, so maybe the female was on her way to feed her kits.
As a cub, one of Darkburst's favourite pastimes was tree climbing, and he now put that experience to good use. Digging strong claws into the rough bark, he took a deep breath and followed the pine marten's musky scent. Wrinkling his snout in concentration, he scaled the trunk, knowing this was the easy bit. Getting down was going to be a lot harder. When he finally reached the crow's nest, a ferocious pine marten faced him. Intent on protecting her young, she hissed angrily, flattening her broad, rounded ears against her skull as she arched her slender body protectively over her kits.
Moving quickly, Darkburst swiped the nest from the branch, watching the pine marten and her three kits tumbled to the ground below. Although some would survive the fall, he hoped at least one dead kit would be there when he made it back down.
*
Darkburst studied the rippling reflection of the moon in the dark waters of Migaro Lake. It shone back up like a single large shimmering eye. Gazing at the reflection, his eyes widened in wonder as the silvery light coalesced into an image of his mother's face. Holding his breath, he leant closer for a better view, and his heart went out to her. She looked so weary and forlorn. Reaching out, he gently touched the surface of the water with the tip of one claw, caressing his mother's face. At his touch the likeness disintegrated, expanding outwards into ever widening ripples. Sighing heavily, he shook off the feeling of tiredness that suddenly overcame him. Turning from the lake, he began eating the hedgehog he'd killed earlier. In the calm, the churring call of a nightjar floated through the tall pine trees.
Finding a small pool of water in a nearby hollow, Darkburst took a deep drink. Hunger sated and thirst slaked, he moved in a circle, clearing a depression in the pine needles. Having journeyed such a long distance since leaving the safe confines of Brightness's sett, he felt totally worn out. Curling up on the forest floor, he closed his eyes and instantly fell into an exhausted sleep.
Darkburst stirred in his sleep, the short whiskers on his snout quivering, feet twitching. He growled quietly, lips drawing back across his teeth. He dreamt, stirring half-awake, but quickly settled again, his growls giving way to long, shallow breaths. The thick canopy far above allowed little light to penetrate, so the hollow in which he lay remained shaded and dark. As he slept, he continued to dream. Dreams of monsters; of his search for Boddaert's Magic; of Grindel and his promises; but mostly his mother.
*
Awaking from his sleep, Darkburst stretched languidly, shaking the knots from his muscles. Getting to his feet, he looked around, deciding that he must leave this confusing wood. There was no point in continuing his useless search. There was nothing here for him. First, he needed food. He would go back and check the remains of the crow's nest. He might have missed one of the pine marten's kits.
A short while later Darkburst was raking through the remains of the nest, grunting his disappointment as the search proved fruitless. A glint caught his eye — something deep in the bottom of the nest twinkling up at him. Curiosity aroused, he picked at the mixture of twigs and grasses until he freed it. The object dropped clear, bouncing onto the forest floor, rolling in ever decreasing circles. It dropped onto its side, and the world suddenly tilted, his mind reeling, every hair on his back standing erect. Lying at his feet was the legendary Circle of Claws!
Breathlessly stretching out a paw, he touched it. Thoughts of his sister sprang to mind, and a shudder ran down his spine. Ignoring the sensation, he picked up the prize, holding the magical object, studying it under the little sunlight struggling through the dense canopy. Five badger claws, the tips fused together, formed a perfect star shape. There was no doubt in his mind. This was what he'd been searching for all this time. Laying it back on the ground, Darkburst closed his eyes, raised his snout to the sky, and gave thanks to the Prime Mover for choosing him as the recipient of such a powerful possession.
Overhead the air grew heavy, the sound of thunder rumbling menacingly in the distance. Darkburst looked about uneasily as the few drops of rain turned into a sudden downpour. The storm grew closer, and the charged atmosphere brought the guard hairs on his coat erect, crackling with static energy. Building until it came from everywhere — an unexpected silence, then the brightest, almost blinding light.
Darkburst cowered as the lightning bolt seared downwards through the canopy, striking the ground in front of him. Thrown backwards, he careened into a tree and lay stunned. Shaking his head, he struggled to his feet, turning to face the shaft of sunlight now pouring through the hole burnt in the canopy. The tight beam lit the forest floor in a perfect circle.
Staggering into the circle, Darkburst saw a darkened patch of pine needles, a great scorch mark made by the lightning bolt. His heart froze. The Circle of Claws had been laying right there — right where the bolt had struck. A muted cry escaped his lips, and he rushed forward, stumbling to a stop, paw half-raised.
The Prime Mover may well have destroyed the Circle of Claws, but in its place, She had left a greater gift.
At the very centre of the circle lay a small black stone, its scintillating surface reflecting the sun's radiance in a breathtaking array of colours. Locked into the stone's flat surface was a perfect image of the Circle of Claws. It sparkled up at him invitingly, like a twinkling star stirring primitive emotions in his chest. Reaching out a tremulous paw, he picked up the stone and studied it. At the centre, where the tips of the claws met, was a small hole surrounded by a rim of tiny crystals. It was these that reflected the sunlight with such intensity.
Finding a length of stout grass, he quickly threaded it through the stone and hung it about his neck. It burrowed deeply into his fur, as though it belonged there — as though it had always been there. Its fiery warmth caressed his skin, and he felt whole.
Darkburst headed off through the trees towards Migaro Lake, full of renewed energy. He would spend some time beside the lake, resting and eating, then set out for Brockenhurst Sett with his prize.

Chapter 24

Brokin glanced over his shoulder, marvelling at how such a large body of badgers had moved into the fringes of Brockenhurst Forest without disturbing the local wildlife. Worrying at his lower lip, he wrinkled his snout. A large part of his force still lingered out beyond the boundary of the forest, gathered in a low meadow that swept down from the edge of the mountains, waiting for his order to move forward. He needed to get them under cover quickly before being spotted.
As Brokin waited for his forward scouts to report, he tapped the claws of one foot against a large stone. His impatience was obvious to those around him and they talked quietly, expectantly, their voices a soft drone in the background. His gaze wandered over the lines of badgers spread out around him. It had been hard work getting them trained to such a high standard so quickly, but somehow, against all the odds, he'd managed it.
*
On the journey back from his undercover mission to Brockenhurst Sett, Brokin had planned a scheme to meet the threat posed by Grindel. On reaching Badachro Sett, he put his proposals to the Council, who then held a private session to discuss it. More than half a moon passed before they called the young badger — so long he wondered if they ever would. Had they dismissed his plan out of order?
But finally, just as the sun began staining the sky, the message came. Brokin moved across the chamber towards the group of sombre Elders. Drac, their leader, studied him intently, searching for some enigmatic answer in Brokin's eyes.
"Brokin," Drac said in a grave tone, "the Council of Elders cannot agree on this issue and have left the final decision to me." The old badger looked uncomfortable, his one brown eye appearing almost black in the half-light. Staring out across the rocky valley floor, he continued in a quiet voice, "But I must admit right now that I'm reluctant to agree to such a proposal. It would mean the loss of so many lives."
"Far more if we don't act first," Brokin answered abruptly. "Do you really want to wait until we're attacked before you do anything? Think about what will happen if we lose this fight, and we will if we let them attack us here. We can't defend the sett, it's too spread out for that. "You know what the outcome will be, don't you? They will enslave survivors, make them work until they drop from exhaustion. How long do you think you'd last at your age? And what about your cubs? With such oddly coloured eyes, do you imagine for one moment that the Preceptor will let them live? Are you really saying you're just going to abandon all those who look to you for their safety to a murdering tyrant like that?"
Shaking his head, Drac stared at the ground. "I know, I know," he replied in a tight voice. "What you say may well be true, but think about the loss of life. How can I condone that?"
Brokin took a deep breath. Losing his temper would only anger the Elder. He needed to win him over, not alienate him.
"Badgers are going to die either way, Drac," he answered quietly. "But at least my way will give them a chance at success." Nodding at the tight group gathered around them, he continued. "Look around you. You hold all these badgers' lives in your grasp. Are you really going to let them die for no other reason than your misplaced morality? Let me take a force out to Brockenhurst Forest and attack Grindel and his hoard before they attack us first. It's the only way. We can't defend our sett here. Please listen to me."
The Elder wrinkled his snout, considering the points Brokin had made, his old mind a whirlpool of jumbled emotions. "We could always leave. Move somewhere else," he said half-heartedly. "That's a suggestion that I would find more acceptable."
"And go where!" Brokin snapped, his temper breaking through. "What badger would allow us to live anywhere near them?"
"Yes, I suppose you might be right," Drac admitted reluctantly, accepting the inevitability of the young badger's arguments. "But there'll be no unprovoked attack, understand that Brokin. Choose your fighters and train them well, but when you go to Brockenhurst Sett, it must be to negotiate, not to fight. Is that understood?"
*
The abrupt appearance of Thesa brought Brokin back from his reveries. This most trusted scout was completely black, even the skin on the inside of his ears and mouth so heavily pigmented they matched his fur. This anomaly gave the scout a distinct advantage when he was out patrolling in the darkness of a moonless sky, moving through the undergrowth like a phantom until he spoke quietly into an unsuspecting ear.
"How many?" Brokin asked quickly, referring to the number of guards posted along the track leading into Brockenhurst Sett.
The badger's sombre eyes flashed excitedly as he reported his findings. "Four, spread evenly along the main pathway. Three more nearer the sett itself," The black head swung round and his eyes focused on Brokin. "What's that?" he asked, nodding toward a body lying amongst the roots of a nearby tree.
Brokin wrinkled his snout. "He was hiding behind the tree. He jumped out and attacked me as I passed by."
It was the first time Brokin had killed a fellow badger, and loath though he was to admit it, the experience had left him shaken. Forced to fight for his life, he'd quickly countered the unexpected assault, leaving his attacker with little choice but to parry the frenzied blows being rained upon him from every direction. Stumbling backwards, Brokin's assailant did his best to dodge the swiftly moving claws as they repeatedly raked across his snout, but with little success. Sensing triumph, Brokin kept up the pressure, giving the boar little chance to recover, pushing him further backwards until he finally lost his footing on a slick stone. As the badger stumbled, Brokin darted forward, jamming his snout between the boar's front legs, powering upwards, flipping his attacker over onto his back, exposing his vulnerable belly. The hapless badger thrashed about in a vain attempt at righting himself, but Brokin made the final cutting-thrust with fully extended claws.
Killing the boar left Brokin completely deflated. When he'd been practising the killing thrust, high on his favourite ledge above Badachro Sett, he'd always imagined he would experience jubilation when he finally used it – that he would be more alive, nearer to Her. Instead, he felt cold and empty.
"Have you noticed how few guards there are about?" Thesa asked, interrupting Brokin's thoughts.
Brokin snapped the unpleasant memories away and studied the sky. "The sun will rise soon," he observed. "Perhaps they don't expect us to attack while the sun is high."
"Perhaps," the scout agreed, his voice reflecting his doubts.
Shaking off his feelings of ambivalence over the killing of the boar, Brokin gave the scout his orders. "Prepare our forces to attack at sunrise. Make sure they know what's expected of them. After that, take three of our best fighters and clear the pathway ahead of any guards you find. Wait for me in the clearing by the broken oak tree, this side of the main earthworks."
Thesa nodded, then hurried off towards the edge of Brockenhurst Forest, where the main body of Brokin's forces rested. As he disappeared, Brokin settled down to wait for the first rays of the sun, pondering the colossal responsibilities he'd undertaken, and whether he was right to go against the express wishes of the Elders.
*
Cherva made himself more comfortable in the fork of a gnarled elder tree and smiled. He'd settled in the high perch earlier, after one of his scouts reported the movement of many badgers crossing Low Meadow, amongst them boars with unusual markings. Cherva correctly surmised this was the long awaited attack from Badachro Sett.
When winter finally broke its hold on Brockenhurst Forest, the Preceptor cautioned patience when Cherva suggested they launch an attack on Badachro Sett as soon as possible. The Preceptor assured him that, given time, the troublesome badgers would come to Brockenhurst Sett, saving their own fighting force the trouble of a long trek out to Badachro, and he'd been right. Here they were, the poor fools, walking straight into a well-prepared trap. He smiled contentedly, knowing he would soon rout the invading force and raise his credibility even further in the eyes of the Preceptor. Studying the movements of the attacking force carefully, he tried to determine a pattern.
On reaching the outskirts of the forest, the long column had settled down amongst the thin covering of trees, sending a small party sent forward to scout the land. Whoever was in charge of this ragtag band of losers was certainly taking no chances. A moment of doubt clouded Cherva's eyes as it became apparent the leader of these boars wasn't stupid.
Cherva's eyes widened when he spotted the boar directing operations. It was the same badger who'd attacked him during the last summer-cycle! He'd escaped from the two guards ordered to kill him. Cherva's anger rose, but he pushed it from his mind. He needed to keep a clear head for the coming battle. Guile, not anger, was required.
As time passed, Cherva developed a grudging admiration for the diminutive leader of the opposing force. He posted guards at all the access points to the encampment, so a surprise attack would not work. Shifting his bulk to a more comfortable position, Cherva nonchalantly shrugged his shoulders. All the worry and planning undertaken by this badger and his harum-scarum band — the hard march from Badachro Sett, and the time spent training — were to no avail, because soon after they attacked, they would die. Every one of them. No badger could survive an attack on Brockenhurst Sett.
The clear liquid call of a skylark marked sun-break and Cherva nodded when the badgers encamped amongst the trees stirred and began massing behind their leader. After a few moments of confusion, the force set off in a column of threes. Better and better, Cherva thought as he watched the sudden activity. They were going to attempt a direct frontal assault during the sun-cycle. As the large band of badgers marched towards their destiny, the column passed directly beneath Cherva's hiding place and he stared down at them in contempt, picturing their lingering deaths in the coming battle.
*
Brokin halted his column when the forward scouts returned to report. The path ahead was clear, the sentries having withdrawn back to the sett at sun break. Brokin's heart lightened when he realised he'd arrived at the precise moment Cherva had changed his guards. He must use of this piece of luck. The fighters hurried along the forest pathway behind their leader, their tramping feet swirling the dry surface sky-wards. As the sky lightened and the first rays of sunlight pierced the trees with long, slender slivers of light, the wakening birds fell silent, disturbed by the activity in their midst, and throughout the forest, creatures paused, sensing some exceptional event was taking place. The more timid bolted for their holes, or quickly crawled beneath the litter on the forest floor, where they waited in silent anticipation.
In the undergrowth lining the sides of the path; in foliage topping the graceful old trees; in shallow pits dug in the forest floor — from all these places glinting eyes watched the passing badgers with a mounting excitement. As the attacking boars passed by on their way towards battle, these hidden defenders slipped quietly out of their hiding places to join with those already stalking the column from the rear. When Brokin halted his badgers at the broken oak tree, unknown to him, it trapped them between Grindel's superior forces in the sett and Cherva's boars in the rear.
When the sun finally broke free of the horizon, Brokin ordered the storming of Brockenhurst Sett, watching proudly as his fighters streamed into the openings in the high walls of the earthworks. He was confident that under Thesa's command, his brave boars would put up a strong fight. Brokin divided his forces at this point: the main body of his fighters launching a frontal assault, while a small band of specially trained boars, under his direct command, would enter the sett through the air vent at the rear.
When Thesa's force entered the ramparts, they quickly found themselves lost in a network of confusing passageways. Blundering about in a vain attempt at finding the right path out of the maze, they disorientated themselves even further. Stumbling to a halt, they looked about in confusion. Suddenly, triumphant shouts filled the air and the sett's defenders, hidden along the tops of the walls, showered rocks down on them.
The Preceptor ran back and forth amongst his garrison, striking them in his excitement, forcing them to greater efforts, even joining in the melee by rolling several stones over the edge onto the badgers below, shouting his delight when one particularly large rock smashed onto the back of a three-legged boar.
Thesa flitted into view, his black body making him almost invisible in the shadows of the high walls. Bending over the injured badger, he examined the terrible wounds, and with a thrusting slash from his sharp claws, put a swift end to the boar's unbearable pain. Thesa glared up at the figure standing on the parapet high above, hatred and anger dancing in his black eyes.
The Preceptor stared back down at the apparition, a sudden chill running along his spine. Shaking off the feeling, he frantically rolled another rock up to the edge, heaving it over with a grunt, but he was far too late. His target had already slipped away.
Thesa looked about as the stones and rocks hurtled down all around him. Already many badgers lay injured or dying, and in their panic, the rest were milling around aimlessly, which only added to their confusion and injuries. Pressed against a wall under a slight overhang, he desperately sought a way out of their plight. Staying confined in this exposed position would mean the death of them all. He must find a way out, and quickly.
Hearing a shout from an intersection further along the passageway, he hurried forward, stopping beside a bloodied boar who looked as though he was about to collapse. Too exhausted to speak, the badger pointed at a spot on the wall above his head. Rearing up on his hind legs for a closer look, Thesa's hopes revived. A small footprint scratched into the hardened surface.Dashing to the next intersection, he quickly discovered another. Could it be that some badger had marked a way through the maze?
Having little choice but to trust his deduction, Thesa stopped a passing badger and shouted above the melee, "Follow the footprints, there on the walls. Tell the others, Quickly now."
Word spread through the labyrinth that a way through had been found, and those still able to, followed the black figure along the twisting passageways, dodging the rocks falling from above. After negotiating a series of twists and turns, they finally burst out of the convoluted corridors into a large semi-circular space fronting the main entrance of Brockenhurst Sett. Unnerved by the sudden silence that had descended, Thesa looked about.
The defenders had disappeared from the walkways on top of the walls, which made him wonder what they had in store for him next. Looking over his tattered force, he realised most of the fighters who'd entered the sett were dead, or so seriously injured they couldn't fight. Those who could stood around him in a dejected group. The heavy burden of responsibility almost weighed him down. Even now, after all they'd been through, these brave badgers were looking to him to lead them to victory. They trusted him totally, and he'd let them down badly. To make matters worse, not one of Grindel's defenders had so much as received a scratch. The whole attack was an unmitigated disaster. He hoped Brokin was having better luck.
As that thought formed in Thesa's mind, the air filled with the rumble of falling rock. Brokin had breached the rear of the sett — they had a chance, after all! But all hope evaporated when an enormous group of badgers spewed from the entrance of the sett, reinforced by a yelling mob charging from the labyrinth behind, leaving them hopelessly outnumbered.
*
Early in his plans, Brokin realised that a successful attack on Brockenhurst Sett would depend far more on stealth than numbers. The defences surrounding the sett would be impossible to storm successfully without an enormous loss of life, if at all. Their only hope of success lay in, 'biting off the snake's head'. If he could infiltrate the sett and kill the Preceptor while his major force was fighting at the front, then the headless snake would quickly wither and die.
When he outlined his plan, the Elders were less than enthusiastic, preferring to negotiate. Brokin argued long and hard, pointing out the difficulties they would face in trying to defend the caves, or negotiate with such a strong force. He also faced the further problem of keeping his fighters in top form. They'd expected the Preceptor to launch his attack as soon as the winter snows melted, but it was well into summer now, and no attack had materialised. Brokin's fighters were losing their edge. If he waited much longer, they might well lose the will to fight altogether. Eventually the Elders agreed he could go Brockenhurst, but only to negotiate.
From his previous visit, Brokin knew the only weakness in the Preceptor's defences lay in the air vent he'd already penetrated. He planned to take a small group of badgers through this vent while Thesa kept the defenders busy at the main entrance. Once inside, he would find the Preceptor and kill him. That was the only form of negotiation Brokin would offer — the only form of negotiation the Preceptor would understand.
As the shouts and screams of the badgers fighting in the labyrinth echoed to him from the thick canopy overhead, Brokin moved his small group through the undergrowth parallel to the pathway leading to the air vent. This was familiar territory, and they made excellent progress. Spotting two sentries lurking in the bushes, he waved his party to a halt. Narrowing his eyes, he studied them carefully. There was no way of bypassing the guards without being seen, so they had to die — or perhaps not.
Waving his group back out of sight, Brokin readied himself with a few deep breaths. Then, when his mind was calm, stepped from the undergrowth onto the path. He walked towards the guard's position, humming loudly, as though he hadn't a care in the world. When he drew level with the guards, one broke cover and hailed him. Jumping in simulated surprise, he stumbled to a stop, and adopting his most ingratiating smile, said, "Oh, thank goodness I've found you!"
The guard, taken by surprise at the badger's apparent innocence, stared at him suspiciously. "Who are you? What are you doing here?" he demanded.
"Cherva sent me," Brokin replied, sounding hurt at the guard's gruff tone. "We're under attack at the front of the sett. Listen, can't you hear all the noise?" Hopping from foot to foot, Brokin pulled at his ear in agitation. "You must come quickly," he pleaded. "Cherva sent me to get you, and if you don't come straight away, he'll punish me horribly. You too, probably. You know what he's like."
"But we're guarding the pathway to the vent," the badger protested, wrinkling his snout at the unpleasant image Brokin had raised in his mind.
"I don't care, and nor will Cherva if you don't do as you're told. The badgers from Badachro can't possibly know about the vent back here, so there's no point in you staying here to guard it, when you're needed to help fight at the front, is there? Quickly, you're to go at once. You go on ahead and I'll let the other guards know what's happening."
The badger glanced back over his shoulder to where his companion was still standing half hidden in the undergrowth. He looked back and nodded warily. "Yes, I suppose that makes sense," he agreed reluctantly, not savouring the prospect of having to join the fighting, when he'd far rather remain at his present comfortable post.
"Well, then?" Brokin urged. "Go on, hurry, or Cherva will be down here himself. Quickly. Quickly now!"
The guard walked over to his comrade and after much pointing and gesturing at Brokin, the pair finally rushed off. Heaving a sigh of relief that his act had worked so well, he hurried back to his fighters, and the group moved off. He led the way through the trees and out across the same embankment on which he'd attacked Cherva during the last summer-cycle. It already seemed like a lifetime ago!
A short time later, the small band halted while Brokin studied the lone guard stationed just off the pathway. He shook his head in frustration, because unlike the first two, this one appeared alert. Standing behind a large rock, the guard's position gave him an unrestricted view of any approaching badger, and it was only because they'd cut across the embankment the guard hadn't spotted them.
Brokin didn't think it he could fool this guard. Unfortunately, he would have to die!

Chapter 25

Darkburst travelled for many moons, the journey becoming a dull routine. Wake from a restless sleep, get up and search for food, check which direction to take from the stars, then walk, walk, walk. Moon after moon, with no variation. But he also found a soothing comfort in these numbing patterns. While his body carried out the action of walking, his mind was free to roam, reliving his time with Brightness. It was his misfortune that this same monotony also proved his undoing. If he'd been more focused on where he was going, instead of what he'd left behind, he would have spotted the telltale sparkle of moonlight reflecting from the half-hidden object on the pathway ahead.
The first sign Darkburst knew something was wrong, was a sharp spasm of pain shooting through his leg. Shouting in surprise, he fell forward, his leg caught tightly in some creature's jaws. Blinking back tears of pain, he gasped as its grip tightened. Growling low in his throat, he curled his lips, swinging his head round to confront his attacker. To his astonishment, he found he was alone!
Rolling onto his side, he bent double to see how he'd trapped his leg. There was a strong, pliable plant stem, wrapped just above his hock. The end of this strange-looking stem was attached to a stout root buried in the ground, and no matter how hard he pulled, he couldn't free himself. Doing so only made the stem tighter until it disappeared into his flesh. He tried biting the stem, but its slippery surface was too hard for his teeth to penetrate. It was unlike any plant he'd seen — coloured starlight, cold to the touch. In desperation, he sat back on his haunches and began tugging with strong lunges backwards. The stem cut deeper, blood oozing from the wound. He stopped struggling when the thin stem sliced right into the muscle of his leg.
Licking the bloody injury, Darkburst stared at the plant stem holding him captive. How could he free himself? He'd already tried pulling the root from the ground with no success. He would have dug it out, but the slightest movement now caused so much pain he doubted he could. There was only one option.
Closing his eyes and gritting his teeth against the coming pain, Darkburst threw his full weight backwards, at the same time twisting from side to side, trying to pull the root from the ground. As a deep blackness engulfed him, stars of unbelievable agony exploded in his head.
*
Slowly regaining consciousness, Darkburst winced, trying to ease the pain coursing through his leg. Groaning, he cracked open his eyes and looked at the wound, wishing he hadn't. The movement caused the cloud of flies on the wound to buzz round his head in angry circles before settling back into the brown incrustations again. He examined the deep cut, lips curling in disgust. It was full of small white eggs!
Settling down on his side, he took deep steady breaths, letting his mind return to the ash tree and his time with Brightness. It eased the pain a little. A small smile formed on his lips. Then, sighing heavily for what might have been, he prepared for death.
*
Darkburst forced his eyes open. The sun was setting once more. It had blasted down on him relentlessly, adding to his pain. In the cool fading light of a new moon, he sought for some small hope, knowing there was none. For the first time, he noticed several small loops, similar to the one holding his leg, scattered along the pathway ahead. Other creatures had suffered the same fate. Two rabbits, one caught by the neck, obviously long dead. Further on, what looked like the remains of a chewed-off forepaw, giving mute testimony to a fox's gruesome struggles. He shuddered. Would he have the same courage when the time came?
Pushing the unpleasant image from his mind, Darkburst shook his head. It would not come to that. Already saved twice, he knew The Prime Mover was protecting him. She would save him this time, too.
But as the sky slowly darkened on yet another sun, his conviction wavered. His foot, and most of his leg, was now so swollen that the skin had split. Thankfully, it had stopped hurting some time ago, but as the moon slid its slow way across the sky, it finally dawned on him he might die in this lonely place. Belatedly wishing he'd stayed with Brightness in the safety of her sett instead of chasing his wild dreams, he plummeted into a deep depression. His thoughts turned to his mother, and he wondered if he would ever see her again. Stretching out his neck, he laid his head on the ground, closed his eyes and tried to sleep.
Just before dawn, a noise in the undergrowth brought Darkburst out of his stupor. With an effort, he raised his head, listening intently, trying to detect what had disturbed him. A faint rustling came from some nearby bushes. The rustling grew louder, and his heart beat faster. He squinted into the darkness but could see nothing in the heavy shadows. Then a new musky odour wafted towards him on the damp air. His eyes widened, the stubby whiskers on his snout standing erect in recognition. Rats! A pack of rats was moving through the undergrowth towards him. Help had come. The Prime Mover had sent the rats to help him.
As the first rat loomed out of the thick undergrowth, Darkburst struggled to his feet. The animal was enormous, its yellow eyes gazing at him. It stopped a short distance away, testing the air with quivering whiskers, its long tail curled forward, the tip slightly raised. Other rats joined it, crowding in behind. In its excitement a latecomer rushed past the others, but the lead rat snapped at it viciously, sending it squealing back into the pack where it sat licking its wound.
The larger rat moved nearer, tentatively scenting the air. Darkburst kept perfectly still, waiting to see what it would do. It moved closer, head darting side to side, constantly alert for danger. It did not approach directly, staying off to one side. It stopped a short way off, staring at him with unblinking eyes. Darkburst settled back on his haunches, relieving the pressure on his leg. As he moved, the rat flattened itself along the ground, the tips of its ears quivering as it studied him warily. It raised its rump, curling claws into the earth. Darkburst could see the tension building in its body, but was taken by surprise when the rodent unexpectedly launched itself at him.
The rats were not here to help him. They were foraging for food!
As the rat sank its teeth into his snout, its companions moved in, flanking him on either side. With a violent shake of his head, Darkburst flipped the rat away, roaring in pain as it ripped out a sizeable chunk of his skin. Back on its feet in an instant, it charged in again. Darkburst tried buffeting it away, but the rat twisted its body in mid-air, landing on Darkburst's back, its feet scrabbling in the soft fur. The other rats crowded closer, waiting for their chance.
Before the rat on his back could get a good purchase, Darkburst reared up, trying to dislodge it. His injured leg gave way, and he crashed onto his side, landing on the rat with a thump that blasted the air from his lungs. The rat squealed, scurrying away a short distance before turning back to face him again.
An excruciating pain stabbed through Darkburst's injured leg and his vision blurred. He shook his head to clear it, knowing if he fainted now, he was dead. Groaning loudly, he rolled onto his belly, panting deeply. The movement caused an immediate attack from the pack, and a vicious flurry of bodies overwhelmed him. Pulling against the plant stem in desperation, he gritted his teeth against the pain, twisting and turning this way and that, rolling over and over in his attempt to free himself. The stem cut deeper, and he screamed his rage. The rats kept up the attack, dashing in to bite him whenever the chance arose.
Then suddenly, against all expectations, he was free!
Turning on his attackers, he lashed out at the lead rat with a slashing blow. The rodent squealed loudly, the skin and muscle along its spine parting to expose the ribs beneath. It swayed on shaky legs, fear flaring in its yellow eyes. Mortally wounded, it quietly mewled to itself, slowly collapsing to the ground. The rest of the pack stopped their attack, lifting their sharp snouts, scenting their leader's demise.
Taking advantage of the confusion, Darkburst tucked his injured leg up and ran as fast as he could, pushing his way through the tangled undergrowth. He could hear excited, high-pitched squeals behind him as the pack fought over their dead leader, but it wouldn't be long before they finished their meal and set out after him.

Chapter 26

After killing the lone sentry guarding the pathway, Brokin returned to his group of fighters and together they moved up the stony track leading to the air vent at the rear of the sett. When they reached the edge of a small clearing, he called a halt, ordering them to hide in the undergrowth and wait for him. Setting off, he moved around the edge of the clearing until he spotted the air vent. Three guards were defending it.
One guard lounged inside the small tunnel; another was off to one side gathering worms; a third lay on a rock ledge next to the keystone that kept the rock pile from collapsing. He studied the situation: it was impossible to reach the tunnel without being spotted by at least one guard. Withdrawing a short distance, he considered his next move. How to get into the tunnel before the guard at the rock pile spotted him and released the keystone. A plan formed in his mind; a plan that might get him into the air vent — but it was risky.
Back at his fighters, Brokin whispered his orders. The signal to attack was the call of an injured weasel; they must distract the sentry at the keystone long enough for him to enter the tunnel, then trip the keystone. It would ensure no badger could follow and take him by surprise.
Brokin led the way back to the vantage point he'd discovered.. Keeping low, the group crawled under a narrow rock overhang. While two of the fighters gathered ferns, he took a quick look. The guard at the vent had joined his companion searching for worms. They were digging at the base of a nearby tree. He licked his lips, readying himself for the next move. A slight gesture told two badgers to arrange the ferns over his back, tying them in place with long twists of grass. Then, using the cover of the long grass, he slowly crawled towards to the vent. If the boars kept their attention on their digging, he should reach the vent with no trouble. 
Stopping often to take stock, Brokin's heart hammered so hard he could scarcely breathe. One guard gave a loud laugh, and he jumped, almost giving himself away. After a few deep breaths to control his panic, he set out again. Reaching the point where the long grass ended, he stopped and settled down for a closer look. He would have to make a dash for the vent and hope he reached it before the rocks came crashing down.
Raising his head, he made ready to give the signal, but only managed a hoarse croak. His mouth was so dry his tongue had stuck to the roof of his mouth. The boar guarding the keystone sensed something and turned, studying the undergrowth where Brokin lay hidden.
Was he spotted? Too late to worry now. Wetting his lips, he tried again and the shrill, high-pitched shriek of an injured weasel rang out across the clearing. On his signal, Brokin's fighters attacked the guards by the tree, yelling at the top of their voices to distract the badger posted at the rock pile. Breaking his cover, Brokin ran headlong towards the air vent. Everything going as planned.
 The sentry on the ledge hadn't spotted him yet… almost there… just a few more paces… his heart beat even faster… he was going to make it.
What he didn't know was another guard lounged inside the tunnel. On hearing the yelling, he lumbered to his feet and wandered outside, spotting Brokin just before he hit him headlong in the flank. Gasping for breath, the guard bellowed in surprise. Brokin grabbed the guard's ear, biting down hard, twisting his head. The guard let out another roar as his ear ripped off. Leaping backwards, he shook his head wildly, splattering Brokin with blood. Recovering his composure, the guard backed further into the tunnel, favouring his damaged ear. Brokin sensed a movement and side-stepped as one of the other guards ran in to attack him from behind.
Warily circling his attacker, Brokin cursed his luck at having lost the element of surprise. He must finish this quickly, before the guard above released the keystone. He continued moving to his left, searching for an opening, gasping in surprise when another badger landed on his back. Before he could react, the badger jumped off again. Using Brokin as a springboard, one of his fighters had jumped over his head, landing squarely on the boar in the tunnel. With a blood-curdling yell, Brokin's fighter took on an opponent twice his size with no thought for his own safety. The pair rolled over and over in the entrance, teeth and claws flashing as they grappled for a hold.
Brokin turned to the guard circling him, his thoughts on the badger guarding the keystone. Sensing his distraction, the boar lunged, catching him a stunning blow above his eye. Twisting, Brokin used the guard's own momentum to toss him aside. The boar roared, turning back to the attack. Brokin darted to one side, snapping at his adversary. Locking his jaws around the badger's leg, he threw his weight forward, twisting his head savagely, breaking the guard's leg. As the boar fell, exposing his stomach, Brokin ripped the badger's abdomen from flank to flank, dodging the steaming entrails as they slid from the fatal wound. Moving in again, he thrust a sharp claw through the badger's eye into his brain, cutting short the terrible screams.
Turning, Brokin threw a glance upwards, spotting two badgers locked in a fierce battle on the narrow ledge by the rock pile. One of his fighters had reached the keystone before the sentry had fully released it. From where he stood at the base of the rock face, he saw the dislodged keystone trembling under the weight of the rocks bearing down on it. At any moment, the entire edifice would come crashing down. There was no time left, it was now or never!
Dodging around the fighters in the vent entrance, Brokin threw himself into the narrow opening, just as a long drawn-out rumble signalled the final collapse of the rock pile. Covering his head, he cowered down, making himself as small as possible. The crashing of falling rocks went on for a long time; the air so choked he could scarcely breathe. Finally, the terrible noise subsided, and he got to his feet, spitting dust, his eyes watering. Heaving a sigh of relief, he thanked the Prime Mover he'd survived the rock fall.
Catching a movement from the corner of his eye, he glanced upwards, just as a large rock crashed down on him.
*
The Preceptor's forces charged, screaming at the tops of their voices – one group from the front, another from the rear.
"Hold fast, badgers. Think of your families and sett." Thesa's steady voice rang out above the triumphant shouts of his enemies.
Caught between the two groups, Thesa and his remaining fighters had nowhere to retreat. Hurriedly ordering his boars to form a double circle, with the strongest fighters on the outside, Thesa watched the attacking badgers thunder across the ground towards them. The charge almost overwhelmed them, but Thesa's bravery was a spur to those around him, and they repelled the first assault. The air rang with the screams and shouts of fighting boars, their changing fortunes marked by the growing bloodstains on the soil.
Thesa's courageous group continued to fight off the attacking hoard as best they could, but eventually the enemy's superior numbers won out. The heady scent of fear hung heavy in the air, as one by one, they isolated and butchered Thesa's fighters. As the first shards of sunlight touched the sky, Thesa's remaining badgers found themselves backed against a wall, a multitude of baying enemies surrounding them. They waited for the final onslaught, but it never came.
Grindel's voice boomed across the clearing. "Hold! Stand back from them. Let me through." The bellowing crowd quietened and parted.
Thesa growled low in his throat, every muscle tense, every thought aimed at killing this evil badger. Grindel stopped a short distance away — Cherva stood to one side, eyes narrowing as he studied the black apparition.
Grindel pointed to the dead bodies strewn about him. "Badger, you have proved yourself a worthy opponent. You killed many of my guards." Glancing to one side, he nodded at his fighters. "But you can't hope to win against such a force as this. Why fight to the death, when I can offer you an honourable solution?"
"I want no offers from you," Thesa growled.
"That may be true badger, but what about your fighters? Does such valiant defiance hold true for them too?" Grindel's dark eyes bored into Thesa's. "Go ahead," he continued. "Ask them. Ask them if they want to die right here, right now, knowing that they'll be throwing their lives away for nothing." Grindel shook his head and sighed gently. "See sense, my friend. It's over. You've done all you can."
Thesa looked at his remaining fighters, seeing the weariness in their eyes, the defeat in their stance. They had fought well, had suffered heavy losses, had given everything they could. "You will let us go?" he asked. The Preceptor nodded. "How do I know you're telling the truth?"
"Why should I lie?" Grindel countered. "Your fighters are no threat now. They can return to their sett."
"And me?" Thesa's disdain suggested that he already knew the answer.
Grindel laughed lightly, wrinkling his snout. "Well friend, you're a little different," he admitted. "You'll always be a threat to me, won't you? Badgers like you don't forget. No, if I let you go, you'd eventually grow dissatisfied and try to challenge me again." A meaningful pause followed. "At least, as you are now!"
"As I am now?" Thesa's stomach churned, wondering what the Preceptor meant.
Grindel held out a paw, extending the claws. The sunlight reflected from their burnished surfaces as he flexed them. "You're too good with these," he whispered throatily. "Far too good. However, should you agree…?" he let the sentence hang, watching Thesa's reaction closely. Would the black badger accept his offer, or would he choose a hero's death? "Declawing?" he prompted.
There had been no declawing in Brockenhurst Sett for generations, and Grindel wasn't sure how his fighters might react if he carried out the threat — another problem for Cherva. It was worth the risk, however. Such an impressive punishment would ensure no badger ever challenged him again. It would be a suitable mark of his new authority over Boddaert's Realm, giving him the respect he deserved.
Thesa's mind was a maelstrom of emotion as he considered the Preceptor's offer. If he allowed this depraved badger to de-claw him, his remaining fighters would live. If he didn't, they would all die right now. A feeling of utter hopelessness swept over him. Thesa slowly nodded — the pain would be good; its brightness would cleanse him. His friends had fought valiantly at his side, had done far more than he could have possibly hoped for. This would be his tribute to them. His pain would be his homage to their bravery.
Grindel cast the defeated boar a look of utter disdain, and without a backward glance, headed for his chambers. Cherva stalked forward to carry out the Preceptor's wishes.
Thesa's heart beat even faster, and with a renewed determination, he struck out.

Chapter 27

Brightness lay beneath the canopy of the slender ash tree that had been her only companion throughout the long, lonely moons since Darkburst left. She smiled a soft, secretive smile and touched her swollen belly lightly, aware that now, no matter where her love went, there would always be a small part of him here. Rising slowly, she made her way into the sett, negotiating the short tunnel into the sleeping chamber slowly, for she was heavy in cub. Crossing to the pile of fresh leaves she'd dried over the past few moons, she lay down with a contented sigh. She was tired and closed her eyes, letting her thoughts lull her into a comforting sleep. Soon the rhythmic sound of her breathing filled the cosy chamber.
As Brightness slept, she tossed and turn restlessly, causing the keepsake Darkburst had hung about her neck to sway back and forth across her chest. She flicked her head sharply, as though trying to dislodge an annoying insect. The movement caused the Talisman to swing in a shallow arc. It landed on her head with a soft thump. Not awakening, she fluttered her eyelids, then turned her head and fell into a deeper sleep.
Brightness began dreaming, moaning softly as vivid scenes filled her mind — Darkburst trapped by his leg; fighting off a pack of rats; shrieking in agony as a large yellow-eyed beast tore his flesh. She whickered urgently, her paws trembling as she ran to help him, throwing herself onto the creatures. But the phantoms were as insubstantial as any mist, and she fell, landing awkwardly on the hard ground, twisting her leg beneath her. The sharp pain woke Brightness instantly. Her heart pounded, and her breath pumped through her open mouth. The images persisted for some time, and it took her a moment to realise that it had been a dream.
Standing up, she gasped as her leg almost collapsed beneath her, sending a lancing pain down to the tips of her claws. When she examined it, she could see nothing wrong, no reason for it to hurt like it did. She decided it was cramped. Taking a moment to let the last vestiges of the dream to slip away, she tested her leg again. Good, the cramp had subsided, so she headed for the surface.
Brightness hunted up some food, hoping that it would take her mind off the disturbing dream that still circled at the edges of her mind.
*
Darkburst collapsed to the ground, unable to run any further. Seeing the rats were no longer chasing him, he gave a grateful sigh. They were hopefully still too busy devouring their unexpected meal to bother about him. As he rested, thoughts of Brightness teased the edges of his mind. He pushed them aside. There was still too much danger to let his mind wander.
Lying on his side, he examined his injured leg carefully. What he saw horrified him. The loop that trapped him so painfully had stripped the skin and muscle from the lower part of his leg, leaving the bone exposed. Breath hissing through gritted teeth, he studied the terrible wound, realising just how bad it was. Feeling a little light-headed, he closed his eyes and took a few deep breaths, steadying his churning stomach. He tried licking the encrusted surface, but that proved too painful. If only his mother was here, she would know what to do, how to treat such a terrible wound.
After a long rest and a few mouthfuls of grass, Darkburst decided he must press on back to Brockenhurst Sett. Gathering his strength, he struggled to his feet and resumed his journey, hobbling on three legs as best he could. He made slow progress, cursing frequently. Taking direction from the stars, he limped through the rest of the moon and half of the next sun without resting. Finally forced to stop, he collapsed beneath a thicket, unable to stagger another step; his leg throbbing with such intensity he could scarcely think of anything else.
Darkburst lay for two moons before struggling on with the journey, stopping often to assuage his growing thirst. On the third moon he tried eating a fat worm he stumbled across, but vomited so violently the stars span wildly about his head. As the infection raged through his body, he became delirious, his thoughts wandering off in all directions. Twice he became convinced he'd backtracked, and retraced his footsteps, only to lose himself again.
Another moon passed — another sun – another moon – on and on. Half-crazed, he topped a ridge and fell down the far side, screaming when he landed on his injured leg. Rolling over, he staggered to his feet, laughing when he saw the ridiculous appendage attached to his body. Twice the size of a normal leg, the bare skin stretched to bursting and tinged a soft green. He poked it, grinning when the skin split further. He felt extremely weak, just about able to keep standing. A memory nudged him. He grabbed frantically, urging it to grow and replace the constant pain. And there it was — an image of Brightness as he'd last seen her, standing by her sett beneath the slender ash tree.
Trying to clear his head, Darkburst looked around and spotted the remains of an old tree stump on top of the rise. Gritting his teeth, he struggled up the steep slope. There was rotting wood up there, and where there was rotting wood, fungi grew. Reaching the top, he rested for a moment, then staggered his way along the brow of the hill. He'd almost reached the stump when the ground became waterlogged. He struggled on, eyes fixed on the stump, feet pulling from the muddy morass with soft squelches. Before he'd gone far, he began sinking, sucked into the clinging mire. The cold mud invaded the soft under-fur of his belly, dragging him deeper. He screamed for help, knowing there would be no badger to hear him. He'd sunk up to his chest, and each time he moved, sank a little further, but it was impossible not to struggle., adding to his demise.
Out of nowhere, two badgers appeared at the edge of the waterlogged hollow. "Thank Homer you've come! Help me get out of here," he shouted, but the entreaties drew no response from the pair. "Quickly. I'm sinking. Don't just stand there, help me!" Shocked, he suddenly realised they had no intention of helping. "What is it? What do you want? Why won't you help me?"
"Why should we?" one badger answered, his lips twisted into an ugly grin. "If we did that, then we'd only have to kill you afterwards. Far better you drown right there, it'll save us a lot of trouble."
They were going to watch him drown! The realisation brought a deep sadness and overwhelming anger. He would never see his beloved Brightness again, nor spend another winter cycle snug beneath the ash tree, safe in her small sett. Lowering his head, Darkburst gave up his struggles and closed his eyes.
Something nudged him under his jaw. He glanced down. It was the Circle of Claws floating on the surface of the thick mud. Biting through the grass cord, he ripped the enigmatic object from his neck and lobbed it onto the ground in front of the two badgers. "Then at least take this to Grindel. He's been waiting for it. Tell him Darkburst found it in the Dead Forest."
Picking up the stone, one badger examined it carefully, turning it over between his paws. He passed it to his companion and walked nearer to the edge of the mud pit. "Did you say your name's Darkburst?" When he nodded, the pair burst into activity. Collecting twigs and leaves from around the edge of the mire, they threw them on top of the mud. One badger then held his companion's tail, while the other edged his way towards Darkburst. "Here take hold of this in your teeth," he said, holding out a stout branch. Once Darkburst had a firm grip, they pulled him out.
"I'm Rooten, and this is Comfrey. We're guards from Brockenhurst Sett. We were patrolling around the meadow here when we heard your shouts."
Comfrey studied the muddy boar suspiciously. "And you say your name is Darkburst?" he asked.
Darkburst nodded his head urgently. "Yes." Why did they doubt him? And why had they been prepared to let him die in the mud pit? His mind was a whirl of confusing questions.
Comfrey beckoned his companion to one side, then keeping a wary eye on the bedraggled, mud splattered stranger, whispered in an undertone. "But this can't possibly be the Darkburst the Preceptor was talking about. Look at his fur."
Rooten nodded his agreement. "Yes, I know," he whispered back. "Did you see what happened? When he took this thing from around his neck, his coat turned white. It's unbelievable!" Poking the stone with an extended claw, the bewildered badger shook his head, concern lining his snout. "I don't like this. There was no talk of this badger having such powers. If this really is him, we could be in great danger. Who knows what he'll do after the way we treated him."
As the two guards talked in heated whispers, Darkburst removed the mud from around his wound. His leg smelt terrible, like decaying flesh left too long in the sun. He cleaned it as best he could with long licks, but had only been working for a few moments when he paused, his eyes widening in surprise. Lowering his leg, he stared at it, then urgently parted the coarse outer hairs with a trembling claw, peering closely at the soft undercoat beneath. His heart skipped a beat and his breath faltered. His coat was pure white!
His mind raced, and he scrabbled about on his flanks, checking everywhere he could reach. There was no mistake, his fur was now a brilliant white. He knew he was born an albino, but it was still a thorough shock to realise that somehow he'd reverted. How had this happened? It made no sense. Closing his eyes, he nipped his skin with his front teeth, just in case he was hallucinating, but when he opened his eyes the white fur was still there.
Comfrey came back, ill at ease to be standing so close. He nodded at the wound. "What's wrong with your leg? Can you walk?"
Darkburst nodded. "I think so. If you help me."
The trio set out along the winding path towards Brockenhurst Sett, the two guards supporting Darkburst, even though they were reluctant to touch him, afraid that having contact with the stranger might somehow taint them. He limped along between the two guards, his spirits rising considerably when they finally reached the outskirts of Brockenhurst Sett.
Darkburst stopped, taking it all in, giving the guards a moment's panic before they realised he was taking a brief rest. It was a bright, clear night; moonlight shimmering between the trees, reflecting from the damp bark in a thousand tiny sparkles. The grass heads nodded at him, welcoming him back, undulating away in silver-green wavelets as the gentle breeze caressed them. His heart soared as he finally stepped beneath the moon-speckled canopy, scenting the trees with deep breaths. He was home; safe in the forest's embrace. Having done as Grindel asked, he could rest.
Comfrey swore loudly when the stranger collapsed into an untidy heap between them. Leaning over, he put his ear to the badger's chest and listened carefully. Shaking his head, he looked up at his companion and wrinkled his snout.
"What's the matter with him?" Rooten asked, even though he knew the answer.
"He's dying," Comfrey responded. "We may as well leave him here and take what he gave us back to the Preceptor. There's no sense in dragging him all the way back to the sett when he'll be dead before we get there."
*
In the chambers below Fire Rock, Grindel paced back and forth with angry strides. "Where is he?" he growled.
Cherva shook his head, favouring the ragged slash extending down the length of his snout with his paw. "I don't know, Preceptor. After he did this to me, he ran off towards the sett entrance, killing two of my guards on the way." Cherva's voice shook with indignation, and he took a deep breath to steady it. "I have every spare guard searching the sett right now. They have orders to kill the boar on sight."
"NO!" Grindel's voice rebounded from the smooth walls of the strangely shaped chamber. "I want him alive. I have plans for that boar. Do not kill him."
As Cherva left the chamber to carry out his orders, Grindel sat back on his haunches, thinking about the satisfaction he would have killing Thesa. Declawing was too easy for him. He smiled slowly. No, he would revive the old punishment and bury him alive under rocks. Picking over a pile of fat worms collected for him earlier, he chose the most succulent. Eating, he made plans for the completion of his takeover of Boddaert's Realm.

Chapter 28

Without a second thought, the guards abandoned Darkburst to his fate and hurried back to Brockenhurst Sett, eager to receive the reward for the curious stone they carried. As they hurried along the moon dappled pathways, they nodded at the occasional badgers they met, glad to hear the news Cherva's fighters had beaten the attackers from Badachro. Perhaps now things would get a little better. They were excited, seeing the opportunities for advancement, discussing whether to volunteer for the fighting forces. Such a move would bring many advantages. There had been talk of new tunnels being dug to cater for the greater numbers living there, but nothing had come of it yet. Rumours circulated fighters would get the pick of these tunnels when they were dug.
It was Rooten's first guard duty with Comfrey, and they'd certainly struck lucky. Cherva would recompense them well for what they'd found. When the two friends reached the sett, they made their way to the Grand Chamber, where Comfrey handed the stone to the guard at the entrance, requesting an audience with the Preceptor. As they waited, Rooten looked around the roomy chambers, wrinkling his snout, wondering what it would be like to wield such power. He smiled, if they were lucky and fought well, they would find out.
The guard returned and ushered them through a short tunnel into the Grand Chamber. Comfrey and Rooten crossed the enormous expanse of floor, stopping before the most powerful badger in Boddaert's Realm. The ever-present giant, Cherva, stood at the Preceptor's side, staring at them. His snout had a fresh scar running down one side, still outlined in congealed blood. His right eye was closed and sunken, as though the socket was empty.
The pair jumped when the Preceptor's gravelly voice boomed out at them. "Where did you find this?" He prodding the stone with his paw.
Rooten glanced at Comfrey, but his friend didn't respond. He coughed uneasily and licked dry lips. "From a badger drowning in the marsh, Preceptor. Out beyond the hawthorn stand, across Low Meadow."
Grindel turned the object over and studied the reverse side. It was a duplicate of the first. The delicate outlines of the claws easily discernible against the darker background of the stone. His heart beat faster as he took in the significance of what he held, but he hardly dared let himself hope. He needed further proof!
He glowered at the frightened badgers standing before him. "Who was this badger?" he snarled.
Comfrey moved uncomfortably under the Preceptor's glare, keeping his eyes cast to the floor. "He said his name was Darkburst, Preceptor."
Grindel smiled and nodded. So the young badger had succeeded after all, but he'd never doubted that he would. Then a wrinkle distorted his snout as a sudden thought clouded his mind. Why hadn't the youngster come to present this remarkable stone to his benefactor himself?
"Where is this badger?" Grindel snapped, a tight fear gripping his heart.
Rooten flinched at the Preceptor's tone and looked to Comfrey for support. Finding none, he noisily swallowed his fear. "We left him on the forest path, Preceptor." Sensing they had somehow made a terrible mistake, he hurried on, tripping over his words. "The boar was dying. We saw no sense in dragging him all the way back here."
"You left him to die?" It was an accusation, not a question. The almost tearful Rooten nodded miserably. Grindel's shouts reverberated around the Grand Chamber. "Guards," he yelled at the top of his voice. "Get in here right now and take these two idiots out of my sight."
Two guards quickly appeared at the entrance, but as they crossed the chamber and began dragging the unfortunate pair out, Grindel stopped them. "No, wait. Better still, confine them to a chamber. I'll take them to the marsh in Low Meadow later and throw them in myself." Having dismissed the pair from his mind, Grindel turned his attention to Cherva. "Get a message to Soffen," he instructed. "Tell her I want to see her here, right away. Quickly now, it may already be too late."
Cherva pushed his way passed the two burly guards, who were still dragging the pair of terrified badgers from the chamber, heading off towards the lower levels of the sett where Soffen had her tiny sleeping space. As he hurried along, he replayed the scene he'd just witnessed in his mind's eye, trying to work out what significance the stone might have. From the way Grindel handled it, the object had significant importance.
Cherva entered Soffen's small chamber and looked about. It felt cold and empty, as though unoccupied for a while. Shuddering, he hurried out, searching the small living spaces spread along the tunnel, questioning every badger living there. He got the same slow shake of the head. No, they hadn't seen her for quite some time, and didn't know where she might be.
Cherva's search became more and more frantic as he ran from chamber to chamber, his heart pounding when he realised she'd disappeared. Gathering some guards together, he sent them out to scour the sett, pacing back and forth in agitation. Where had the sow got to? She had to be here somewhere. No badger could have left the sett without his knowledge.
*
Brokin tried to open his eyes, but failed. Gunk glued them shut. Trying again, he opened them part way, and groaning softly, ran his tongue around the inside of his mouth. Slowly his eyesight returned, and the rocky floor shimmered into view. He lay with his head twisted back at an awkward angle. It pounded as though some badger was jumping up and down on it. It felt like it was being hit with a big branch. Wait, something had hit him. A rock.
Suddenly it all came rushing back — the fight with the guards; the collapse of the stone pile above the entrance; the flying rock that struck him. No wonder he felt so bad! How long had he been lying here? His stiffness told him a long time.
He tried sitting up, but stopped when the floor swam in and out of focus. After resting awhile, the pounding in his head eased, and he stumbled to his feet. He was alone, which meant none of his fighters had made it through. Shaking the dust from his coat, he winced and leant against the wall, letting his eyesight catch up with his movements. Gradually things stopped rolling and he could move without feeling his head was about to fall off. Raising a paw, he examined the wound, wincing at the sharp pain lancing down his neck. He could feel the dried blood matting his fur, and the long jagged cut left by the rock.
Feeling a lot steadier, he set out along the tunnel, hoping he still had time to complete his plan.
*
Brokin looked down into the Grand Chamber from his high perch in the air vent. Dare he jump? No, it was too far. If he jumped from this height, he would seriously injure himself.
Somehow he had to find a way down. He had no choice. He couldn't return through the vent because stones blocked the way out. Looking over the edge, he tried to see some way to descend. Hearing approaching voices, he withdrew, keeping the chamber in view. As Grindel and Cherva entered, the giant taproot trembled. All three looked towards the roof.
"That's some storm building up out there," Cherva observed above the noise of the crashing thunder penetrating the sett with hollow rumbles.
Brokin realised that being able to hear the storm in the chamber meant it was directly overhead. The next peal of thunder brought a fine layer of dust drifting down from the roof. The next shook the walls.
"I've sent three badgers to fetch Darkburst, as you instructed. They should be back soon," Cherva told Grindel when the thunder quietened a little.
"I hope it's not too late," Grindel replied angrily. "How could those two idiots have been so stupid? I mean, to leave him alone like that?" He slapped the ground with his paw. "And now this storm. I want those two to die slowly, Cherva. Slowly, do you understand?" Cherva nodded as the Preceptor continued. "I want them to suffer a great deal before they die!"
"As you wish, Preceptor," Cherva agreed. "But what is it…" He faltered, leaving an uneasy silence
"Carry on," Grindel growled, sensing his guard's discomfort.
"Forgive me, Preceptor," Cherva apologised in his most ingratiating tone, "but I was wondering why this badger is so important to you?"
Grindel stared at his second-in-command. For a long moment, the air was heavy with tension. He gave a slight nod. "I suppose there's no harm in you knowing. I'll need your help anyway, so it's best I tell you now." Grindel paused, unconsciously sucking air through his teeth as he considered his next words. "You'll have heard of Boddaert's Magic?" Cherva nodded. "The youngster, Darkburst, brought that to me. At least an important part." Cherva did his best not to react, but his eyes gave him away. Grindel chuckled. "Yes, he brought me Boddaert's Magic. Imagine that." Grindel stared off into the distance, then refocussed back on Cherva. "Just one more piece of the puzzle and I'll have all the power I could ever want." Curling the claws of one foot, he beamed. "I'm almost ready to put my final plans into action at last." The Preceptor's eyes lit with an inner energy that Cherva had never seen before, and a shiver ran down his back. "I'm on the verge of total domination, Cherva. Total power. I just need that one last piece of the puzzle."
As the Preceptor's hoarse whispers floated up to Brokin, he shifted uneasily. He must stop this evil badger before it was too late.
Cherva's heart beat faster at Grindel's words, and he savoured the power that would come to him once the Preceptor had Boddaert's Magic in his possession. "And the last piece of the puzzle?" he asked in a husky voice. "Do you know where that is, Preceptor?"
"No, but Darkburst will," Grindel answered with certainty.
Once again the Grand Chamber trembled with the force of the thunder crashing overhead, and the giant taproot creaked a protest as the winds roared in from the north.
"I'm going to prepare for Darkburst's arrival. Bring him straight to me when he does. And the Healer, I want her too, I'll need her skills when the youngster gets here. From what those two idiot guards told me, he's probably in a bad way." Chuckling throatily the Preceptor let a slight sneer touch his lips as he turned away, swinging his head back when Cherva mumbled something under his breath. "What was that?" he growled suspiciously.
Cherva licked his lips nervously. "I said the Healer is missing Preceptor. The guards are scouring the sett for her now."
Grindel wrinkled his snout and stared hard at the floor, the large artery in his neck throbbing in time to his quickening heart-rate. Walking towards the entrance tunnel, he stopped and glared back at Cherva for a moment. "Never mistake my generosity as weakness Cherva," he growled, "That would be a big mistake. Find her and quickly." A long pause ensued, during which the two badgers stared at each other, then Grindel abruptly turned and left the chamber. 
With the Preceptor's words still ringing in his ears, Cherva heaved a sigh of relief that he'd taken Soffen's disappearance so well. He hurried away to extend the search.
Finding himself alone in the Grand Chamber, Brokin eased his head out and looked around. Another clap of thunder rent the air, this time shaking the chamber so violently a large piece of rock fell from the roof, hitting the floor with a dull thud. Another thunderclap and Brokin shuddered, watching the taproot writhe as the force of the storm battered the tree's old trunk. From behind him came a loud rumble as part of the vent tunnel collapsed. He had to move or chance being buried alive.
Swinging himself out over the edge, he dug the claws of his back feet into the wall and began easing himself down, trying to ignore the fluttering in his belly as he glanced towards the floor, so far below. If I fall now… He tried not to complete the thought, easing himself down. Part way to the floor, his claws slipped through the packed earthen wall, and before he could react, began slithering down the sheer drop at an ever-increasing speed.

Chapter 29

After rolling a large rock into place across the shallow chamber opening, the guards departed, leaving Rooten and Comfrey in total darkness, their hopes of a reward completely dashed.
"This is your fault." Comfrey protested. "I should never have listened to you. I told you we should leave that stupid badger to die in the mud. But would you listen?"
The guards had taken them to the lowest regions of the sett, locking them in a small, dark chamber. Before they left, they said they'd return before the moon's end to carry out the Preceptor's orders.
"It's as much your fault as mine," Rooten snapped back into the darkness. "If you hadn't frozen like some frightened cub up there. If you'd only supported me, things might have turned out different… that's all I'm saying." Snorting his anger at his friend's behaviour, Rooten took a deep shuddering breath and tried to calm his thrumming nerves. Being treated so roughly by the guards had shaken him. "Anyway," he continued, "it was you that suggested we leave that poor badger to die in the forest, not me. So it's hardly my fault, is it? I told you we should try to get him back here."
Comfrey didn't answer, he was too busy trying to make out what the gentle rustling noise he'd just heard was.
"And another thing. What about that…" Comfrey's ringing scream cut short his complaints. "What's the matter with you?" he shouted, still trembling from the shock.
"S-s-something just t-touched me," Comfrey stammered in an urgent whisper. "There's something else in here with us."
Rooten was about to berate his friend, when something brushed the tip of his ear. It wasn't Comfrey, because his friend was standing on his other side. He tried to warn Comfrey, but could only stammer. "Ah… ah… hah… ahhhh…" His groans of terror grew in direct proportion to his fertile imagination, which quickly pictured all kinds of horrors loose in the chamber with them. Hastily backing away from the unseen danger lurking in the darkness, he finally fetched up against a rock wall and could back away no further.
"It's all right. Don't be frightened. I won't hurt you," a quiet voice said. The voice floated to them out of the darkness, and though they couldn't see the badger who'd spoken, the voice sounded friendly enough. They relaxed a little.
"You're a badger!" Rooten said, stating the obvious, voice rising to an indignant squeak. "Why didn't you say you were here straight away, instead of frightening the life out of us like that? By Homer, you almost scared me to death!"
"Well, I didn't want to frighten you," the voice explained reasonably.
"Didn't want to frighten me?" Rooten exploded. "Didn't want to frighten me? What did you think touching me like that would do?"
"I'm sorry," was the soft reply. "I just assumed that you knew I was here."
"I would have scented you straight away, if Rooten hadn't been complaining so much and it wasn't so damp and stuffy down here," Comfrey complained self-righteously.
"Yes, of course you would," Rooten responded sarcastically.
"What are you doing here, anyway? Are they going to kill you too?" Comfrey asked the stranger in a quiet voice, trying to steer the conversation away from his embarrassing behaviour.
He gave a short, bitter laugh."I slipped in here to hide when I heard you coming. I thought you'd walk right by the chamber, but the guards pushed you in and blocked the entrance. I didn't think it would end with the three of us trapped here."
"Who're you hiding from?" Comfrey responded. "And what are…"
"Be quiet for a moment, Comfrey. Let him speak," Rooten admonished his friend.
Comfrey mouthed a few unintelligible words, then lapsed into a sulky silence.
"Now," Rooten took over, "why not start by telling us your name?"
"Thesa," was the reply.
"Yes, I thought as much," Rooten mused. "You're the badger that escaped after the battle, aren't you?"
"Yes," Thesa said. "I've been hiding down here, wondering what to do. I've been trying to find a way out, but there's been so many badgers coming and going I couldn't take the chance on moving about the upper tunnels. I was exploring along here when I heard you coming."
"You mean you've been hiding down here ever since the battle finished?"
An uneasy silence fell across the chamber as Rooten's question brought back memories of the terrible debacle that Thesa and his fighters had suffered.
*
"What's that?" Comfrey's urgent whisper brought Thesa back to the present. "I can feel something ruffling my fur."
"It's a draught!" Rooten exclaimed.
"Yes, I can feel it too," Thesa agreed. "It's coming from behind us. Come on."
The three badgers stumbled their way across the small chamber, following the air current.
Rooten bumped into Thesa when the boar unexpectedly stopped. Thesa cursed softly and Rooten backed off.
"Look, over there. Can you see it?" Comfrey's voice squealed with excitement.
"What?" Rooten mumbled, still shaken by the smell of blood hovering about Thesa.
"Look straight ahead, it's an opening. Can't you see the light shining through?"
When the trio neared the point of light, the air became fresher.
"Comfrey's right. Look, it is a hole!" Rooten shouted excitedly. "Maybe we can use it to get out."
Thesa shook his head, then realising the others couldn't see him, said, "No, it's much too small."
"Wait." Rooten ran his paw around the small opening. "Maybe. Yes, there's a jumble of stones covering it. If we move them, I think we might make a hole big enough to squeeze through. Come on, help me dig."
Some time later, while they were resting, Thesa heard a gentle, almost tentative cough, followed by Rooten's low voice. "Tell me something, Thesa," he said. "Why did you decide to fight to the end like you did and not take up the Preceptor's offer?"
Thesa considered the question for a time, not really sure why he'd chosen to gamble his life so recklessly. "I don't know," he finally replied. "It just seemed the right thing to do."
Comfrey picked at a small flint that had become lodged between the pads of his foot and snorted. "You know, I wouldn't admit this to many badgers, but I admire you for what you did up there. Attacking Cherva that way." He chuckled delightedly. "The look on his face. It was really something to see!"
Rooten grunted his agreement in the darkness. "You took me by surprise. I didn't know a badger could move that fast. And the way you killed those two guards when you ran into the sett."
"What happened to the others after I left?" Thesa asked, not sure he really wanted to know.
"Oh, the Preceptor eventually let them go," Comfrey answered. "After de-clawing them first, that is. He said it was a fair punishment in the circumstances."
Thesa shuddered at the pain his friends must have suffered because of his refusal to submit. "What about Cherva?" he asked.
"You really hurt him," Rooten answered with a chuckle. "And a good thing, too. I never have liked that boar. Always telling us what to do. It's about time some badger put him in his place."
"Yes," agreed Comfrey, "it really tore his snout. Ripped right down its length. I heard that he even lost one eye."
"Come on then, let's get back to work," Thesa ordered, not comfortable with the fact he felt so pleased at inflicting such injuries on a fellow badger — even one as sadistic as Cherva.
The chamber quickly filled with soft grunts and the chinking of stone on stone as they worked.
*
"Thesa. Thesa, look out!"
Thesa looked up at the urgent shout, just in time to see a large stone dislodge itself from above him. It struck his head and he staggered, his legs turning shaky. He should have been concentrating on what he was doing, instead of letting his mind wander back to the battle. The thought dimmed, and he slumped to the floor.
Rooten bent over, shaking Thesa's inert body.
"Is he alright?" Comfrey asked.
"I think he's just dazed. Quickly, help me get that stone out of the way," Rooten responded.
Together, they rolled the stone aside, glancing at each other nervously when they spotted the blood oozing from Thesa's ear.
Rooten sat back on his haunches, hardly hearing his friend's words as he watched the red pool of blood growing beside the black badger's head. The boar wasn't just dazed, but seriously injured.
"Come on, leave him there. We can't do anything for him now."
"But…"
"Look," Comfrey berated his friend, "it's not our fault, is it? If he'd been more careful, this wouldn't have happened to him, would it? Come on, the guards might have heard all the noise. Let's get out of here while we can."
With a last glance at Thesa, Rooten tutted, shook his head, then followed Comfrey, squeezing his way through the hole they'd made.
*
Thesa groaned, easing himself to his feet. Standing in the centre of the small chamber, he staggered. His head pounded, and his ear felt like it had been half-torn off. He shook his coat, choking on the dust rising from his matted fur. The echoes of his coughing bounced back to him, overlapping with such complexity it was confusing. When the echoes subsided, he realised they were coming from the hole they'd made. It sounded like twenty coughing badgers waited on the other side, which meant there must be a large chamber there. Poking his head into the opening, Thesa saw a diffused radiance at the end of a short tunnel.
What could make light so far underground? He was frightened and very wary. The shimmering light brought with it cubhood memories; of times spent alone in his sleeping chamber, when he'd been too frightened to stretch out his paw from his bed of leaves in case some hidden monster might grab it. Dismissing such adolescent thoughts, he smiled, pushing into the tunnel.
The hole was small, but so was Thesa. Easing out the other side, he found himself on a narrow ledge. Far beneath was a large pool of water. It was this that lit the chamber with a soft glow. Other than jumping, he could see no way off the ledge. The others must have done so, or they'd still be here.
The surface of the pool pulsed with an eerie glow, looking anything but inviting. He studied it intently, his attention caught by the colours swirling across its surface. He'd seen such colours before, in a bright sunlit sky, following a heavy storm.
He saw a movement deep in the water. Something was down there. It was too hazy to make out with any clarity, but looked like a miniature moon. It rose to the surface. Heart pounding, he watched it clear the surface, spinning on its axis. Blinking rapidly, he tore his gaze from the object, spotting two shapes floating on the far side of the pool. Comfrey and Rooten, obviously dead!
Badgers are excellent swimmers, so why had they drowned? The drop from the ledge to the pool wasn't far enough to kill. Thesa shuddered, wrinkling his snout as one of the floating bodies slowly sank, leaving a gentle ripple. He checked again to see if he could find a way off the ledge. Finding none, he turned towards the hole. Better to wait in the small chamber for the guards to return, than take the chance of ending up like his two dead companions.
"Thesa," the soft whisper came from nowhere and everywhere. Thesa hunched his shoulders, as though expecting a blow to land across his back. When the voice addressed him again, his skin puckered, and his limbs trembled. "Thesa, turn around and look at me," it ordered. Thesa didn't want to look, but turned reluctantly, afraid of what he would see. "Don't be afraid," the voice reassured him. "We mean you no harm."
Thesa opened his eyes and gasped, his breath catching in the back of his throat. As he took in the scene, the blood in his veins pounded so hard his ears sang. A heavy weight filled his stomach, and the tip of his stubby tail trembled uncontrollably.
The surface of the pool was a brilliant blue; the colour of a hot sun-cycle sky. The orb had risen, now hanging near the roof, casting a powerful light into every crevice. Eyes wide, he watched the faint marks on its surface grow more prominent, curling and merging until the face of an attractive badger looked out at him.
She smiled a warm greeting, much as his mother would when particularly pleased with something he'd done She spoke, her voice coming from the surrounding rocks; the depths of the pool; deep inside his head. "We need your help, Thesa." Her voice caressed his fears, and his trembling stopped. "We hoped these two would be powerful enough. It was their misfortune they were not."
Thesa glanced at the pool, in time to see the second body slip into the depths.
"You are a resilient boar. You've proved that in battle. Are you also a moral one, Thesa?"
The unblinking eyes — the colour of the blackest sky — pierced his mind. "We have favoured you, Thesa. Like one of our own. Now it is your turn to favour us. Don't be afraid. "My name is Soffen, I won't harm you."
The orb turned a little, allowing a new face to appear. "And this is Brock — and here, Grey — and here, Skelda." The sphere continued rotating, showing Thesa many other badgers. As each passed, it studied him intently, as though trying to unravel his psyche. "Listen to me carefully," Soffen urged. "You must leave here and search out your Yang. Skelda will guide you."
"My Yang?"
"Yes, Thesa, your sun. You must find your sun, and together with your moon, they will forge a new beginning from the flames of the old."
"I don't understand," he said. "What is it you want me to do?"
"You must help us, Thesa."
The sphere turned until the one called Skelda looked down on him. "You must help me, Thesa. I have done much wrong, made many mistakes, have yearned for things that I should have. It's too late for me to put these wrongs right, but you can, if you have a mind too. I have unleashed forces that threaten the whole of Badgerdom."
Come immerse yourself in us," Soffen's voice said as her face came into view once more.
"You want me to throw myself into the pool?" A raw fear gripped his mind. The very idea locked his body into immobility.
The sphere suddenly dimmed and dropped towards the water, where it disappeared beneath the surface. Thesa looked over the edge of the ledge, staring at the colours far below, his mind and body fused rigid with terror, trying to convince himself that this was a dream, a hallucination, the result of the rock hitting his head.
*
Thesa's fall lasted forever. He hit the water with a resounding splash, knocking the breath from his body. Sinking beneath the surface, the cold liquid washed the scab from his wound, turning the water a translucent red. He reached the surface, gasping for breath, the numbing coldness of the water sucking the air from his lungs and stinging his eyes. He began a desperate swim for the edge of the pool, his feet paddling furiously, long bubbles of air following each stroke.
Behind him the line of blood twisted away, its end swirling down into the depths, where it melded with the slowly turning orb. Unaware that his lifeblood had given power to the forces beneath him, was in fact draining the very essence from his body, Thesa paddled on, his eyes fixed on the edge of the pool.
Halfway there a deep lethargy suddenly gripped him; a weakness he couldn't shake off. His head pounded and fresh gouts of blood flowed from his wound, curling downwards into the black depths, sucked away by the esprit below. He doubted he would make the edge of the pool.
"Keep swimming Thesa." The voice floated up from the nadir below. "Just a little further. It's not far. We will help you. Be brave. Fight the Black Guardian's promises, they are false."
Thesa's paw suddenly scraped against rock, and he realised he'd reached the side of the pool. Scrambling out of the water, he shook his coat, splattering spots of phosphorescent light against the wall of the cavern. He'd made it. He was alive!
"Go to the tunnel ahead of you. Hurry, there's no time left, the storm gathers apace."
Thesa entered the tunnel, the shimmering light emanating from his sodden fur reflecting dully from the surrounding walls. The ground beneath his feet trembled, and far above he sensed the loud clash of thunder ripping from the clouds.
Following the whispered directions in his head, Thesa stumbled his way along the tunnel, dizzy from his wound. He was weak, but found the strength to stagger on. The tunnel smelt outlandish, its walls smoother than they had any right to be. He stopped for a moment to peer closely at the concave surface. No badger had dug this tunnel, some other entity had created it.!

Chapter 30

Brokin slithered down the wall, slamming into the ground with a breath-taking thump. Groaning, he wondered whether he had the strength to carry out his plan. It would be so easy to give up: find some badger to take him to the Preceptor and throw himself on his mercy. Fortunately, apart from a sprained hock and bruised ribs, he seemed to be alright. Standing up, he shook his head, feeling weary. He'd had such grand plans to save Badachro Sett, but all he'd done was nearly kill himself!
A noise from the entrance tunnel caught his attention, so he scurried behind the taproot, crouching low. Cherva appeared, followed by two badgers, dragging a boar with a pure-white coat. They dropped him on the floor. The boar looked almost dead. Was this the badger called Darkburst that the Preceptor had been showing such an interest in?
The Preceptor entered, dismissing the guards with a flick of his paw. After they left, he turned to Cherva. "Is he still alive?"
"Barely."
"Where's Soffen? I said I needed her."
"She's disappeared, Preceptor."
Brokin heard footsteps approaching. When they stopped, he chanced a quick look. Grindel was bent over the unconscious boar, shaking him urgently. "Wake up, badger! Wake up!" There was no response.
"Shall I fetch some water?" Cherva asked.
"No," Grindel snapped back angrily. "Pick him up and follow me. Quickly, we haven't much time."
Flipping the smaller boar onto his broad back, Cherva followed Grindel into a low tunnel, the badger he carried scraping along the roof.
"Be careful with him, you idiot!" Grindel's voice floated down the tunnel to Brokin.
Once the trio were on their way, Brokin cautiously followed at a safe distance. After travelling for some time, they entered another tunnel. Brokin had never seen the like; perfectly formed and straight. He worried they would see him, so he hung back, following at a safe distance. The tunnel ended in an oddly shaped chamber with a roof so high he couldn't see it; the enormous space cowed him.
As Grindel and Cherva moved across the smooth floor, they faded from sight, and all too soon Brokin was alone, lost in a threatening vastness.
"Is that you, Brokin?"
The unexpected question made him jump. Feeling sick, he span round, raising a paw to fend off the expected attack, but it never came. He squinted, trying to focus on the shadowy figure to one side of the entrance. He'd walked right by the badger without noticing. It took a moment for him to recognise who had spoken, and when he did, the world stood still.
Before him stood his friend, Thesa. His eyes were alive with a tranquil inner strength, and he wore a serene expression. His fur twinkled with droplets of phosphorescence that sparkled oddly in the gloom. He carried a deep gash on his head, penetrating to the bone. Smiling, he nodded hello.
"Thesa, is that really you?" Brokin asked, in a shaky voice.
"Yes, it is."
"I was following…" A sudden coldness enveloped Brokin, exploring every part of his body before disappearing again.
Thesa appeared not to notice Brokin's discomfort. "I must join with him," he said. "You will help me."
"Join with whom? I don't understand." Again the coldness swirled through his body.
Thesa raised his paw and pointed. "With him," he said. "The sick one."
Brokin wrinkled his snout and moved away. The coldness settled around him once more, bitingly cold, and with it, a new determination. He'd come here to kill the Preceptor, so why hesitate? Many badgers had fought bravely and died so he could accomplish this task. "Stay here, Thesa," he said, "I'll come back when I've finished."
Thesa's paw shot out, grasping Brokin's tail in an iron grip. "No, I must go. You must stay here."
As Thesa walked out across the wide space, Brokin felt a great pressure lift from his mind, along with the shroud of coldness emanating from the cave deep below Fire Rock, where a beautiful orb span madly, gathering strength as its destiny neared completion.
*
High above Fire Rock, the storm seethed and boiled around itself, shaking the mightiest trees like blades of grass. Great forks of lightning snaked down, their passage picked out in a blinding white light. Majestically, the storm built to a crescendo high above the Brockenhurst Mountains, and sheets of rain scoured the land below, stripping all life from its bedrock, driving even the smallest creature from its nest. Two powerful lightning bolts struck the plateau, hurling substantial chunks of rock skywards, where the rapacious winds scooped them away.
Standing in the middle of Brockenhurst Forest, alone and battered beyond recognition, stood a once proud tree, its branches long gone, stripped by the force of the storm. White sapwood wept from its wounds — huge tears shed for a million unborn seedlings. Deep beneath the ground, where the dying tree's taproot pierced the Grand Chamber, the plant writhed in agony, whipping like an angry snake. Above ground, the wind worried away at the once great trunk until finally it snapped with a crack echoing across the mountain tops.
At the majestic tree's weakest point, where Boddaert and his Magi had carved the magical Taproot Chamber, the mighty root parted with pent-up energy, bringing enormous chunks of rock crashing down into the chamber below, tearing open the heart of Brockenhurst Sett. The once magnificent tree screamed one last, dying protest, and the wind rushed into the immense scar, scouring away every trace of life.

Chapter 31

As the storm pounded its way into Brockenhurst Sett, in the chambers below Fire Rock, the last elements of Boddaert's Magic came together.
Deep beneath the turbulent waters of the pool, four spirits strained against their earthly bonds.
Within the spinning orb, the beings who'd once walked the paths of Brockenhurst Forest, sensing the nearness of the Prime Mover, sent out their anima in a frenzied search for union, impatient for the coming.
In the subterranean bowels of Fire Rock, five badgers held the future of Boddaert's Realm in their paws: Grindel, his claws resting on the jagged edge of the plywood box that had become so much a part of his life: Cherva, at his master's side, glaring intently at the white badger, wondering what secrets lay there and whether he could use them for his own ends: Thesa, unmoving, the air about him shimmering with cold: Between them, Darkburst, head thrown back, the white fur on his throat separated into ruffles, exposing the pink skin beneath: Across the chamber, Brokin, watching the distant tableau, mind a turmoil.
White on Black — Sun on Moon — Yin on Yang.
Grindel slashed a sharp claw across the opening he'd already chewed in the side of the plywood box, parting the oil-impregnated paper lining the inside, allowing them all a brief glimpse into their future. A dull light reflected from the egg-shaped objects packed tightly inside. When the paper parted, one fell out, spinning on the floor in a lazy circle, twinkling in the reflected light from Thesa's fur.
"Don't…" Brokin shouted as Grindel went to pick it up.
Grindel stopped, looking across the chamber at the boar who dared to give him orders. He growled low in his throat, reaching out again. This is the Fire Soul. he was certain of it! He studied each piece of Boddaert's Magic, eyes narrowing. Here they all were — Darkburst, his fur stark against the darker floor – the White Coat; the stone brought back from the shores of Migaro Lake – the Circle of Claws; the strangely shaped egg – the Fire Soul. He had only to bring these three pieces together to release the energy of Boddaert's Magic and realise his dream.
As Grindel's paw touched the egg-shaped object, Brokin ran across the chamber and snatched it away. Roaring in rage, Grindel slashed out at Brokin, knocking him off his feet. The object flew from Brokin's grasp, rolling across the floor until it came to rest at Cherva's feet. The big badger reached down and picked it up, backing across the chamber towards the box of WW II grenades.
This was his chance at last. He held the magic in his paws. Grindel and Brokin fought near the entrance to the chamber, both lost to the depths of their rage, thrusting and parrying with flashing claws as they tried to kill each other.
Thesa smiled, the air from his mouth frosting the fur along his snout. He stepped forward, looking down at Darkburst before extending his paw and touching the white fur on the young badger's injured leg with the tip of a claw. He nodded as a line of ice encased it, then threw himself across Darkburst's body, covering it completely with his own.
Cherva held the ring of the strangely shaped egg between his teeth and pulled, his eyes widening as the clip pinged free and fell to the floor. Holding the object between his paws, he sniffed the strange indentations covering its surface, wondering what they were and how he could release their magic. A flash of light seared through his body.
Shrapnel shredding Thesa's black fur, covering Darkburst with a bloody mess.
The rest of the grenades exploded, blowing Brokin and Grindel along the concrete tunnel, covering them both with tons of debris.
*
Far from Fire Rock, beyond Low Meadow, beneath a slim ash tree, at the edge of an undulating field, a pregnant sow watched the cloudless sky, wondering whether her special boar was also watching the same stars. She hoped with all her heart he was, because it would mean they were sharing something, even though they were so far apart.
Sighing gently, she turned back to her lonely burrow. Perhaps he would come during the next moon-cycle, or maybe the one after that.
*
Much farther away, where the shores of Migaro Lake lapped gently at the surrounding fields, an elderly boar stopped his eternal search for food and raised his head for a moment. Had he heard something or were his old ears finally failing him? No, there on the horizon, he spotted something.
Slikit squinted his eyes from habit, but needn't have bothered this time, because he had no trouble seeing the great fireball that had erupted into the sky. So strong was the blast that even the boiling storm rolled back in reaction to its hot gases, tamed for once by a stronger force.
Slikit blinked back tears as black clouds formed over Brockenhurst Sett. A great sadness filled the old badger's heart, as though he'd just lost a dear friend. He sat back on his haunches, wondering why he suddenly felt so alone. Shaking his head against the coldness that had descended on him, he grumbled his way along the overgrown path, his cracked old voice fading as the westerly wind grew in intensity.

About the Author


Peter Barns live in the Highlands of Scotland.
Retired, he now spends his time writing
and refurbishing houses.

Also available by the same author
7 Days in May
Payback
Fire Rock
The Gastropoda Imperative
Walking the Cusp
Hobart at Home
Hole
Love Is
Tears
Burnt Toast
Cautionary Tales
Peter's Twittclass
Tales from the Cottage

Ebook Downloads
smashwords.com/profile/view/boddaert

