






The Book of Five Worlds


Book II


Five Tasks




By ‘Dangerous’ Walker

  Copyright Grahame Walker 2014
Published at Smashwords

Books by the Author:

Adventures in Space
1. The Trimedian
2. Tears of War
3. Strangers

The Complete TSAR Trilogy
Pray for Rain

The Book of Five Worlds
1. The Foreshadow of Balance
2. Five Tasks
3. The Road between Gods and Monsters

Southern Hunter

The Haunting of Berkeley Square

The Library of the Universes

In the Valley of Elah


PROLOGUE

The Capital Country of Bancealem was in turmoil. The Capital Towns that surrounded the Capital City were filled with townsfolk trained in battle and on seeing the True King’s Flag raised over Evensguard Castle, they too rebelled. The Capital City, once known as Athenstan, but not called that since the capture of the True King, was still in revolt.
The Black Queen was still unaware of this as the High Command of Sylvae had no intention of telling her unless they had to. News had not yet reached them that the Prison of Articus had fallen or that the True King was free. Until that news reached them they thought they were merely quashing one of the infrequent rebellions.
The Black Queen should have sensed the True King’s freedom, but she was engrossed in her library. It had become clear to her that there were gaps in her knowledge, gaps in her library that she would need to seek out, and yet, she had enough for now. What she read disturbed and excited her equally; tales from another world, no another plane of existence. Another place to gain power from. She was disturbed by the stories of some recurring characters and what power they had, what threat they might pose. She would have to use the Book. It would guide her, open up more power to her.
%%%
Whilst the Black Queen was deep in study the True King, followed by his Soldiers and joined by the Shadow Ranger and the Twin Magician, Alura, rode directly to the Capital City. 
Reports came back to the King that though the City was still in uprising, the Chinerthian High Command of Sylvae was ordering in more troops from the surrounding regions.
“They will struggle to get through the Capital Towns,” the True King mused.
“They will, Sire,” the Shadow Ranger agreed. “But whilst the Chinerthians hold power in the City, they still have an advantage.”
“Maybe so, maybe so. Do not underestimate my people.”
%%%
The five members of the Foreshadow of Balance did not dare ride near the Capital City and had to detour around it. They rode along Convene’s Road along the edge of the Lothar Forest where the people of Sylvae do not go. It is said there was an ancient race that lived in the forest and may still survive deep in its slumber.
They were forced to make camp as night fell. They did not want to, it felt as if the adventure was over, at least in Sylvae, and they wanted to be on to the next world. With success brought hope, hope that this could all be over quicker than they dared imagine.
“You are a Magician, Kaitlin, is there anything you can tell us about the Hokinoans?” Connor asked after they had eaten.
“They are different from myself,” she explained. “Their way, their daily lives, even their World is infused with magic. It is who they are.”
“Is it not who you are?” Bell asked.
“Yes, yes, it is, but I am also,” she paused, “other things.”
“What other things?” Dylan asked, sleepiness fading.
“Well, I am from Sylvae so I carry that Mark as well as my Magic.”
“So what do we know about Hokino? Has anyone ever been there?” Connor asked feeling Kaitlin did not want to talk further.
“Not I,” Lucas replied.
“Nor I,” Bell answered.
“I have, many years ago,” Kaitlin said, “But it was before the Yokum Rebellion. It must be greatly changed now.”
“Because of the Chinerthians?” Dylan asked.
“Yes. But not just their rule. I have never understood how Hokino was defeated, its magic is greater than any other; how did the Chinerthians subdue them?”
“The Balance,” Bell said. “Somehow in tipping the Balance they decreased the magic of the Four Worlds. The Magic of the Forest is greatly lost, this I know.”
“Yes, it is a strange tale,” Kaitlin agreed. “One that we can only understand through the Book of Five Worlds.”
Through this d’Gaz kept his silence.
%%%
Connor lay awake wondering about Kaitlin. It still played on his mind, what Thunderground had said about not knowing who was with him. And now he had to think on her. She had said she was not like the Magician’s on Hokino, but she palmed it off to being from Sylvae. Would that make such a difference? Wasn’t Magic all the same? Well, he couldn’t know, but what had got him thinking was the talk of Magic being diminished since the Black Queen conquered the Worlds. If that were true then it certainly hadn’t affected Kaitlin, nor her sister. Maybe the dragon’s protection stopped it being drained, but that made no sense either. He shook his head, it was no use, these were already things beyond his comprehension, he could not pretend to know how Magic worked. He closed his eyes and tried to sleep.
That night Dylan slept uneasily. Through his dreams he could hear chittering and chattering. ‘Fifth Worlder’ the voices chatted with interest and amusement. 
Then he was walking through the forest surrounded by four very tall men, or women, they all had long hair and loose robes but he couldn’t see their faces in the moonlight shadows.
And then he was at the base of a mountain. It was a tall mountain, but the trees were taller still. On the top of the mountain stood a castle, its walls were white and green and he could hear singing and music coming on the wind down the mountain. 
“They sing,” said one of his unknown companions. “The Magic of the Forest changes. Grows.”
And then his companions laughed and the laughter was joined by others in the trees.
He awoke then and looked around. In the forest he thought he saw bright eyes peering out, but then they faded and in his exhaustion he fell asleep. 
%%%
The next morning the True King’s troupe entered Evensguard to much fanfare and celebration, but the King commanded that they go straight to the castle to set their plans for entering the Capital City and to receive news of both Sylvaen and Chinerthian troop movements.   
“Confusion reigns, Sire,” a messenger told them. “Reports of your freedom are unsubstantiated and so the Chinerthians are unsure of how to proceed. They are getting little to no orders from the Capital City.”
“And our troops?” The King asked.
“They are forming and fighting, Sire, but as I say, the Chinerthians do not yet know the true nature or extent of the battle.”
“Very good, thank you.”
“And what of the Portal?” Mattaeus asked.
“There is no change to the guarding of the Portal. They seem not to believe that anyone would be trying to escape. They watch more for people entering to help in the rebellion.”
“Very good,” Mattaeus nodded.
“You are excused,” the True King told him. “Keep up this good work, soldier.”
“Thank you, your Majesty,” the messenger bowed and left.
“Then we ready ourselves to enter the Capital City?” Mattaeus asked.
“We do. We prepare and wait for word from inside.”
“I shall enter the city, your Majesty and make connection with the leaders of the rebellion, tell them of your plans.”
“Then we must arrange our plans, must we not?” the True King asked.
“Very well.”
%%%
They found a field of wheat a good distance from the Portal, but close enough for them to spy. Everything appeared normal. They didn’t really know what normal was as none of them had ever been there, except Kaitlin, but she seemed happy with the way things looked.
“They seem to be checking those entering rather than those leaving,” Bell commented.
“I don’t suppose they are worried about people leaving a rebellion,” d’Gaz replied.
“We are good then?” Lucas asked trying to lay as flat as his hulk of a body would allow.
“I hope so,” Bell said. “We cut left here and then join the road and walk on as if nothing is the matter.”
“It’s not a great plan,” d’Gaz suggested.
“Have you anything better?”
d’Gaz thought for a second.
“No, no I don’t. We can only hope the Stormclouds are around to help.”
“We should be split, not look like one large group,” Kaitlin said.
“Yes, it’ll be easier,” Connor agreed.
“True,” Bell said. “Then you and Kaitlin take Dylan through first, we will be behind you.”
“I like it not,” Lucas said.
“You’ll be right behind them,” Bell soothed.
“What about Stormclouds?” Dylan asked.
“I don’t know if they are around or not, let us hope they are,” Bell said and scuttled backwards.
They all crept through the wheat until they reached the road and then popped out when they thought no one on the road would notice. Either that or not give a care.
And no one seemed to as Connor, Dylan and Kaitlin appeared out of the wheat and both took one of Dylan’s hands. They walked up the road trying their best to look relaxed and casual. Just a family going through the Portal.
Dylan felt a mix of emotions. It was nice to walk along holding hands, like a family. It was so suddenly normal and easy. But at the same time it felt weird. He could still remember doing this with his Mum and Dad, though he had still been small enough then for them to swing him. This was his Dad, but this wasn’t his Mum, and it felt wrong to be pretending that it was; that they were a family. 
But he had to, if he looked as if something was wrong then the guards would stop them, question them, ask them where they were going and why. And then they would realise that his Dad was not all he said he was.
So he squeezed both their hands tighter and smiled up at Kaitlin, who smiled back a lovely smile. She really was very pretty.
 And as they reached the Portal, with Lucas, Bell and d’Gaz behind them, something happened because someone started yelling that he had been robbed. The robber was disappearing through the Portal as the man shouted to the guards for help.
The robber disappeared through before anyone could stop him and though the man continued to yell, the guards did not seem to want to go through the Portal, nor know what to do.
“Stormclouds,” Kaitlin whispered, “let us hurry through.”
And that they did without any hassle from the still bewildered guards. They were trying to calm the man who wept and wailed and clung to them. And then they were in Hokino, the world of Magic.


CHAPTER I

Beyond the Portal the world was very different, though very similar. Dylan couldn’t put a finger on it. The road before them stretched out across a flat, grassy plain, with mountains in the distance and far to the left an expanse of forest. So basically the same as Sylvae, but with fewer trees that he could see. It just had a different feeling to it, a different air. 
They didn’t stop; they tried not to look around, but walked briskly away from the Portal and the guards. They walked feeling the Sun beating down on them and it felt hotter here, the air was drier and lacked the fragrances of Sylvae. Dylan decided he didn’t like Hokino as much as Sylvae and was now feeling the same pang of homesickness for the forests of Sylvae as he had felt there for home.
In front of them a man stopped and started looking around inside his bag and as they passed him he sorted things out, slung his bag over his shoulders and walked just behind them.
“Go to Dalfurian, the next town along and you will be met by Thunderground, stay in Portal’s Rest.” the man said quietly and then strode off in front of them.
“Well that answers our first two or three questions,” Connor said.
“How far is it?” Dylan asked.
“No idea, Son, no idea.”
%%%
Lucas had quickened his stride when he saw the man starting to walk closer to Dylan, but the man had gone before he had reached them. He slowed a little and d’Gaz and Bell caught him up.
“Stormcloud?” d’Gaz asked.
“That is what I am hoping,” Bell nodded.
“Then we follow on,” d’Gaz said. “If they know not where they are going, they will signal.”
“I would prefer to be with them,” Lucas grumbled.
“Once we are away from the guards,” Bell hushed him.
And so they walked on, the road was busy with people walking or riding horses or horse and carts and no one even looked at them. After an hour or so they could see that they were coming upon a large town. The forest to their left had gradually come closer and a massive lake appeared to their right twinkling and rippling in the Sun.
“This is Dalfurian,” Kaitlin said. “I was here a long time ago, but hopefully not much has changed.”
“What’s it like?” Dylan asked.
“It’s busy, many people stay here going to or from the Portal, it has many places to trade and many places to stay.”
“We will not be noticed then,” Connor said.
“No, we should blend in.”
%%%
The town had a wide moat around it, built long ago in case of attack from Sylvae, though the walls had long since disappeared and the water dried up. They crossed by a wide, wooden bridge along with many others and pushed through the crowds. Bell, Lucas and d’Gaz were with them now, though still acting as if they were apart. They pushed through, following Kaitlin as she remembered the layout of the town and they nearly walked past the Portal’s Rest tavern.
It was busy inside and rowdy with men and women arguing and haggling over prices. Trying to sell what they wanted or needed before going on to the Portal or further into Hokino. There was news that people were being searched going into the Portal and some were already discussing rumour that the True King had been freed.
One man in particular stood by the bar pronouncing that he had just come from Sylvae and had met the True King himself.
“Twice my height, he was and strong as a Junter in its prime, I tell you,” the man said.
“Rubbish have you met him,” another said.
“It’s true I tell you,” he insisted.
“His armies are forming though, that is what I hear,” another said.
“Well if that is true then Hokino has to follow,” a woman said.
“Aye, we must be ready.”
“You should stick to drinking,” the woman behind the bar said, “and not speak of such things so loudly.”
They managed to find two tables next to each other that were free. Well, one of them needed a little persuasion to become free, but no one could ever be drunk enough to argue with Lucas and d’Gaz.
“What news?” Bell asked.
“Thunderground will meet us here,” Kaitlin told him.
“When?”
“We were not told.”
“That is vexing,” he replied.
“This will help,” Lucas said coming back with ales, Connor behind him with more.
They all sat and waited. There wasn’t much else to do. They talked quietly about what they knew of Hokino, which wasn’t very much.
Kaitlin sat quietly, frozen still. She was connecting with Thunderground’s seer’s orb, but she was first building her Magic. In this most magical of Worlds she feared that she would be too easily read, too easily found. That all in her mind might be read by those they wished to hide from. So she fortified herself before sending a message to Thunderground.
She was a strong Magician, maybe stronger than anyone on this World since the Balance had been changed. She could feel the magical energy around her; she could feel it pulsing through the air and the ground beneath them, she could feel its currents and feel its confusion, as if it was locked in a room, bumping into walls hoping to find a door. It worried her.
“It is done,” she said simply. “He knows we are here, but be ready, I can not fully know that others have not intercepted my message.”
Then they sat silently, tensely, wondering who it might be that found them there. But after twenty minutes they relaxed as Thunderground took a seat at their tables. He was not dressed as he had been in Sylvae, now his clothes were lighter both in fabric and colour.
“How do we go?” he asked.
“It is well,” Bell replied.
“How are your schemes?” d’Gaz asked with a smile.
“Slow, but sure,” Thunderground replied taking a gulp of ale. “We are trying to get to the Magician’s Star, but it is not easy, we are taking a circuitous route.”
“What headway have you made?” Bell asked.
“Let me fill in the Guardians on this World so that they may more fully understand.
“This World is the source and centre of Magic, it is in the very stone and earth of the World. The people of Hokino are of course affected by this, a very magical people. You can tell the native peoples as they have a darker skin colour than those on Sylvae, it is much hotter her and there is less cover from the Sun. Anyways, it was the Magicians here who prided themselves on keeping the Balance, they had the Magic and the power, but they also prided themselves on being above the rest of us, more wise, more moral, to use their powers over others would make them base, lowly like the Chinerthians who they looked down on the most.
“And so when the Book of Five Worlds returned and the Balance was shifted they were hit hard, all their pretentions of being better faded as their Magic did. The very land around them dried up somewhat and so did their souls.
“They are, therefore, a suspicious group. Their pride has been wounded deeply, they have fallen from their own grace and they will not let just anyone come to the Magician’s Star.”
“Hang on,” Connor said. “I guess I assumed that the Book of Five Worlds was here, that it was taken from them.”
“Your party has not told you of the Book?” Thunderground asked somewhat surprised.
“We know little to nothing about it,” Bell told him.
“I bet my Soul d’Gaz knows.”
“That is a strong oath,” d’Gaz warned him.
“And one I am happy to make,” Thunderground stared at him.
“Yes, very well,” was all d’Gaz replied.
“I’m sure you will ask him and he will tell you, but for now I will say this, remember that the Book of Five Worlds was seen by many as a legend, there were none across the Four Worlds who could remember it, even that! Only four Worlds. No one knew of Earth, few believed in a Fifth World and fewer that the Book was real, or that it had some power.”
“OK,” Connor said, “but where does this leave us?”
“We are making contact with our own kind here,” Thunderground told them.
“There are Stormclouds here?” Dylan asked.
“No, but there is a similar group known as Stone Hunters.”
“Why?”
“Stories of yore have gone on long enough,” Thunderground said. “We have saved you rooms at Molly’s; go there now and we will be in contact again. The Guardians are our proof, our chance of belief.”
With that he got up and left them.
%%%
 The Shadow Ranger had walked into the Hidden Door Inn and walked through the light crowd to the back door and into the storage room. The bartender had looked at him, but on seeing his face, looked away.
And now he was walking through the tunnel and out into the light. The people there jumped with fright at this unexpected guest and swords were drawn. Except the guest had disappeared.
In the centre of the room was a long table that had a map of the City laid on it. Behind that table stood Solper, Honn and Wesper, the leaders of the rebellion, and in front stood four others, their swords drawn.
“Put them away,” Solper commanded. “Well, I thought you were but a myth.”
“It is better that way,” Mattaeus said emerging from a shadow.
“You come bearing news?” Wesper asked.
“The True King is even now in Evensguard, ready to make his way into the city. We must prepare.”
“I would believe it not if a myth had not come and told me,” Honn whispered.
“The time for myth and legend has passed, I come here to tell you of the True King’s plans,” the Shadow Ranger told them.
%%%
“What is it that you would waste my time?” the woman asked sitting.
“I have an interest in precious stones,” Thunderground told her.
“Then go to the jeweler,” she replied.
“More precious than any jeweler could get his hands on.”
“I doubt such stones exist,” she said taking a gulp of ale.
“Then I search for someone skilled in finding them.”
“If such people existed they would be too rich to deem a conversation with you, Sylvaen.”
“But they are not rich for they find not what they seek.”
“I do not know that of which you speak.”
“This is a shame as I hold their very best hope.”
She laughed and leaned in. “Oh really?”
“Returning Magic,” he whispered, but she leant back.
“You really do waste my time,” she said angrily.
“No, I do not and I would not lead my men on a joke, even now the True King is freed.”
“Nonsense. Who are you?”
“As if you would admit to me your nature.”
“So be it,” she stood.
“I am Lord Stormcloud,” he said quietly and she stopped and sat back down.
“We will be in touch again. Here. Tomorrow. Same time,” and with that she left him in the thriving inn.
%%%
It was to be the last push, it had to be, the Chinerthians were finally quelling the rebellion. Many were in jail awaiting execution, but first the Chinerthians were making ready to spread out to the Capital Towns and retake them. They could not have people so flagrantly flying the True King’s flag.
It would be a hard push as now the True King’s army would meet a more organised and ready Chinerthian army in the streets of Athenstan. The only thing big enough to divert the Chinerthians would be an assault on the palace itself.
At dusk people began to creep through the streets, taking down any guards they came across as quietly as possible. Alura and the Shadow Ranger stood in the shadow of the palace wall. She knew he was there, she was standing next to him, but Alura couldn’t see him. Could only feel a slight sense of his aura to tell her he was indeed still next to her.
“As soon as we start, they will know where we are and they will come for us,” he said and she jumped slightly.
“Is that not why you are here? To protect me?”
“You will have to protect yourself against arrows if I am fighting.”
“That I can do.”
They slunk out of the shadows and Mattaeus became visible to her again until they were once again in the shadows of the nearest building. They knocked on the door and were let in. The family who lived there then took their children and a few belongings and quietly left for safety. The father looked scared and hopeful as he shook the Shadow Ranger’s hand.
“Good luck to you,” he said. “Is it true what we hear about the True King?”
“He will be sitting on his throne once again by morning.”
The man merely nodded, squeezed Mattaeus’ hand and left.
They walked up to the roof, to the highest point they could get and still they could not see over the walls of the Palace. It would have to be good enough though and they weren’t trying to hit anything, just cause mayhem. Alura looked at the Shadow Ranger as if for confirmation; it was a tremendous thing she was about to start. More than anything they had done so far this would change things. There would be no going back after this. Whatever happened, the Black Queen would know of the True King’s freedom and come to stop him. And so she looked at the Shadow Ranger, but not for confirmation to start, but for confirmation that she was not alone in this. He pulled a breath in through his nose and let it out as he nodded slightly. And so Alura lifted her hands and shot a ball of magic over the walls. It landed somewhere in the courtyard and exploded in bright lights, sending smaller balls out which in turn exploded and sent out even smaller balls and so on.
She sent another one in and the alarm bells were now ringing loud in the night sky. Archers appeared and Alura and the Shadow Ranger sank back into the shadows. Then some of the True King’s soldiers appeared armed with bows and fired from buildings further behind than theirs. The arrows sailed over their heads and they saw Chinerthian archers fall to the first wave while they still looked hard to find someone to shoot at. Alura took the chance to send in another ball of magic and this one set something alight as they could see smoke appear over the walls. 
Another wave of arrows was unleashed against the archers on the walls and more fell. Now it was the resistance’s chance and they ran forward with ladders and put them against the walls. Alura sent blinding lights at the tops of the walls to stop the archers from firing, but some managed still. People were managing to climb the ladders and Alura sent another two balls of magic into the courtyard before she had to duck behind the chimney to avoid arrows.
With chaos inside and news of people scaling the walls, the Chinerthians had no choice but to open the gates and send troops out. The first of the troops were out of the door when the resistance, bolstered by Sylvaen soldiers, attacked.
In the streets Chinerthians soldiers were coming from their barracks and being attacked by rebels and the citizens who joined them. The Chinerthians were still a stronger force with better armour and weapons and people were falling before them. 
The True King’s soldiers were then in amongst them and there were rallying cries from both sides. The Chinerthians were unprepared and called for more soldiers while the rebels rallied at the sight of the soldiers and fought harder.
The streets clashed with swords and ran with blood when the trumpet call sounded throughout the city and the True King and his knights rode swiftly through, the True King’s colours flying in the air, cutting down Chinerthian soldiers as they passed.
Windows and doors were thrown open to see the sight that most never even dreamed of, the True King once more in Athenstan! Now even more people joined the fight while others forsook safety to run through the streets shouting that the King had returned. The Chinerthians were suddenly overwhelmed by the sheer number of people fighting against them as the True King headed for his palace.
The knights swept into the palace to find the fighting fierce. The Chinerthians were losing to the rebels bolstered as they were with the Shadow Ranger’s sword and Alura’s magic. The appearance of the mounted knights routed the Chinerthians and they were rounded up.
As the soldiers and rebels stalked the palace for remaining Chinerthians, the Shadow Ranger had taken the True King’s flag and raced to the flagpole, cutting down Chinerthians as he went.
And then the flag was raised and all the city and the Capital Towns could see it and knew that the True King was once again upon his throne.
CHAPTER II

Waking to another hot morning they could tell straight away that something was wrong. There was a great commotion in the streets and Connor pulled open the shutters.
Down below Chinerthian soldiers were marching through the streets and doors were being forced open so that food and drink could be procured. Connor shut the shutters again before he was seen.
“They are marching to the Portal,” he told Dylan.
“Is that a good thing?”
He shook his head. “I don’t know. It means that Mattaeus is successful enough to warrant more troops. But that is bad for him.”
There was a knock on the door and Connor let Bell in.
“They are sending troops through,” Bell said.
“Yes, we saw.”
“The troops here are closer to the Capital City than most in Sylvae,” Bell said.
“Will Mattaeus be OK?” Dylan asked.
“He will be fine, young Guardian and it means less Chinerthians for us to worry about.”
“So when do we move?” Connor asked.
“When we hear from Thunderground,” Bell told them.
%%%
They would be surrounded very soon, Mattaeus thought. The Capital Towns would once again perform the duty for which they were built and gradually more of the True King’s soldiers would arrive. 
He thought over the battle. It had been short and bloody. The Chinerthians had not been ready for it; they had misjudged the numbers of those attacking and the seriousness of it all. They had never considered that the citizens themselves would ever fight and had not the troops for it. They had also not truly believed that the True King was free or that he would ride into the city.
Being as they were, they could not understand the moral boost of a returning King. Of how normal people could rise up and defeat trained soldiers on a trumpet call. And this would be their defeat as they tried to pass the Capital Towns. They would ignore the threat and try to pass through. This time they would not survive.
Messages were coming through that Chinerthian regiments were being sent to the city, but were being defeated by newly regathered Sylvaen regiments. Just moments ago a messenger had delivered the news that a Chinerthian regiment had been seen entering the woods, but it had never been seen exiting. Even the forests were fighting against them.
It was far from over, but it was a start. The Black Queen would soon be informed and she would, he hoped, be rash and ill informed. She would send more troops through the Portal and make the Quest easier for the Foreshadow.
%%%
“It takes much for the Huntsman to come out into the open,” the man said as he sat with an ale. “But it is worth it to see the Lord Stormcloud finally give up on Sylvae,” he said with a grin.
“You talk too openly in such a place,” Thunderground warned.
“If you are here then I think it matters not.”
“Perhaps not.”
“You have not given up, have you? Quite the opposite.”
“Indeed.”
“So the news of rebellion is true.”
“Very much so.”
“And you wish to spread it here.”
“Not necessarily.”
“Well, you have my full attention as long as you supply the ale for your yarn.”
Thunderground smiled.
“You have not changed, old friend.”
“I have gotten older,” the Huntsman, leader of the Stone Hunters, shrugged.
Thunderground began to tell him of all that had happened.
%%%
“Thunderground said you would tell us, if we asked,” Dylan insisted.
d’Gaz sighed.
“The point is that The Book of Five Worlds disappeared. A long time ago.”
“How long ago?” Dylan asked.
“Long before many of these races existed. It disappeared and then returned. Returned in the hands of the Black Queen.”
“How did she find it? It was on Chinerthia all along?” Lucas asked.
“No,” d’Gaz shook his head. “She appeared with it, she became the ruler of the Chinerthians because of it. Look, before her they were a rabble. They love war, it is their Mark. They couldn’t form into a country, let alone a World. But she brought them together.”
“I have heard something like this,” Bell said. “Most that I know believe the shift in the Balance is simply because they formed into a cohesive World.”
“Yes,” Kaitlin nodded. “That there was balance because the warriors were too busy fighting amongst themselves to really hurt other Worlds.”
“Is it just that?” Dylan asked.
“No,” d’Gaz shook his head. “The Balance is too old for that, the Balance existed before there were Chinerthians or Sylvaens and whoever.”
“How do you know all this?” Connor asked.
“I have sailed many a sea and ocean,” was all d’Gaz would say and they sat in silence.
%%%
Later d’Gaz sat alone in another inn across town. He sat thinking of all the questions he had had to endure. There is only so much you can say, he thought, only so much people can take in, can believe. And answering one question leads to another and then another answer slips off of the tongue and very soon he would have to fear the shadows and what might await him within.
He had seen so much in his life, made so many decisions. Not all of them good. But he couldn’t regret them; he had made them for a better cause. A cause that he may now be finally fulfilling. Would they, could they believe that he had been in this from the very beginning, he and Arturo?
%%%
d’Gaz wasn’t the only one reflecting on the past. Btolomy had been greatly troubled since the Foreshadow had left and had gone back to his books for knowledge that should have stayed at the forefront of his mind. He had escaped, had run away and hidden; he had thought that nothing could be done, that nothing would be done; had thought that his role was over. Or he had told himself that, convinced himself. He would be there when he was called, of course, but he didn’t’ think he would be. Could be. But of course he had been. He hadn’t run away, he’d been put exactly where he was needed when the time inevitably came. And that was what troubled him.
There was more to this than chance and no doubt that would irk Tarcalla, but she was not his problem. Or maybe she was, maybe she should be his first port of call. The question was why now and who was pulling the strings? Had the Portal been opened for good or ill or was there another involved?
He rode to the Forest of Sampfeer and then left his horse and entered the Deep Woods. He left his horse not just because the forest was too dense for the animal, but because the horse would not go in there even if it could not. Btolomy didn’t blame it, there were many dangerous things in the Deep Woods of the planet; here there were Liens and Tykats as well as Onck bears, Chuntik, Golver snakes and much more. None of which worried the old Wizard. He pushed through the undergrowth, following an invisible path until after a few hours he reached the Buofire Library.
It was nothing more than a close ring of trees whose canopy was dense enough to stop any rain entering the clearing in the middle. Btolomy squeezed into the clearing and looked at each of the trunks. They were at least a metre in diameter and each one had a hollow that contained a number of old books. He took in each one in turn and then walked over to one and pulled a book.
This was one of the secret libraries scattered across the Worlds after the rise of the Chinerthians. They told the histories of the Worlds as well as prophecies and philosophies, all of which stretched beyond the arrival of the current inhabitants. They also told of the Dark World and the gods and monsters that called it home.
Outside he could hear a large beast pushing through the thick undergrowth, sniffing him out, but it could not get within the circle and so he ignored it. Instead he read a book of science, one that concerned what was known of the Portals and particularly the Portal between Earth and Sylvae. It was within these books that he had scraps of and quotes from the Book of Five Worlds and he would need to know how it could be used to open a Portal.
Could it really have been the boy? He didn’t think so, he feared that this was all part of plans laid down long ago…
%%%
The Black Queen was also immersed in books of long ago. Cracxtox had heard rumours of the Three Woes and had given her books on them. Books of myths and legends that he swore were truths; she could see in his eyes that he was exultant to be right and she would have put him to death then and there for it if it hadn’t been true. She had ignored such things, cast off his suggestions to look into them and now she was having to catch up. Even now as she was reading, he was gathering other books, books that would give her insight for when she used the Book of Five Worlds to peer into the Dark World, perhaps even traverse that land. The land that she would take as she had the Four Worlds, then she would have complete power, not only over the people, but over their souls as well, over the very earth and air of the Worlds. She would be complete. 

CHAPTER III

They rode in the back of a comfortable carriage. It had furs on the inside and Dylan lay on them, tucked up in a corner as he thought about what had happened.
Thunderground had met with d’Gaz and had told them that things had begun to progress, he had met with the Stone Hunters. Now he told them that they had to move away from the Portal lest anything happen to warn the Chinerthians of their presence and of a spread from Sylvae and into Hokino. If they thought rebellion was spreading they would have to stop anyone they thought had that cause. Especially a group coming from Sylvae. A group that needed to be hunted and caught. Now the True King was free the fear now would be that rebellion would spread through the Three Worlds.
They had gone to a quiet horse trader to buy some transport.
“Oh, yes, I knows me horses,” the little old lady said. “Been here, selling horses for generations. My dear old Grandfather took over the business from his Father who took it over from his old Father.”
“That is good to hear,” Bell said politely.
“Oh, is it now? Well, well,” she replied.
“So, we need horses,” d’Gaz reminded her.
“Well, you’re not here for anything else are you?” she asked.
“No. Sorry,” Bell said.
“Oh,” she laughed, “such a polite lot, are you not?”
“Look, Madam,” d’Gaz started again.
“I know, I know, horses,” she said leading them to the stables. “Master said you’d be coming.”
“I’m sorry,” Connor said, “but ‘Master’?”
“Yes, yes, Master said you’d need transport and I thought, I did, I know what you need, I do.”
She took them into a barn in which sat a refined enclosed carriage. It had air gaps between the roof and the walls, but no windows except for a glass window in the roof.
“Oh, no, Madam, this is too expensive for us,” d’Gaz said.
“Well, I can see that, can I not? But I got thinking, did I not? Thinking that no one ever bothers the rich, do they? No, they do not.”
“But we have not the money for this,” Bell repeated.
“Ha!” she laughed “I can see that with these very own eyes, but it is not an issue of money, but need.”
“I understand you not,” Bell said.
“Take it, take it, is what I am saying, Master says that you need it and who am I to argue?”
“Who is your master?” Dylan asked.
“Ahh, but this be the boy. Look at you, such a handsome young man.”
Dylan blushed.
“You think you are strong because of whom you travel with, but do you ever think that it is they who are strong because of you?”
The rest had been a bustle of activity getting the carriage ready and Dylan did not really remember any of it. He just remembered the old woman and those strange words. These were strong and brave men and women, of course he felt strong with them, but not the other way around. He was just a boy; he couldn’t even help in a sword fight.
%%%
After a while the carriage slowed and stopped and those on the back got out slowly, stretching their legs.
Bell and d’Gaz had been up front driving the horses and now they too were stretching by the roadside.
The scenery was much different to Sylvae as Dylan looked around. He could see a wood or forest in the distance to their right, but here there was dark golden sand punctuated with cacti. It stretched off to the left as far as Dylan could see, lost in the heat haze. He thought that beyond mountains shimmered, but it was unclear and his eyes ached trying to focus. 
“You OK?” his Dad asked him.
“Yeah,” he shrugged. “It’s a lot different here.”
“It is,” Connor agreed looking around.
“It is a dry world,” Kaitlin said walking over to them. 
“But there is a wood over there,” Connor noticed.
“Yes, underground streams and rivers run, there must be a source there, close enough to the surface, to let it grow.”
“Why have we stopped?” Dylan asked.
“I know not, let us ask Bell.”
They walked over to where Bell and d’Gaz were standing, talking. Close by, Lucas was struggling to take his furs off.”
“Accursed heat,” he moaned.
“What’s the plan?” Connor asked.
“It is quicker for us to turn off here and travel through that wood,” Bell told them.
“So?” Connor asked.
“The enclosed carriage has worked for us on major roads, if anyone saw Lucas in the back, the pretense of wealth would vanish.”
“Hey, there,” Lucas grumbled, but Bell smiled at him.
“On back roads it is reversed when it comes to bandits.”
“Bandits?” Dylan asked worried.
“Perhaps, perhaps,” d’Gaz said. “We know not, but an enclosed, fine carriage will set off their imagination. There is no way we won’t be stopped.”
“But when they see who we really are,” Dylan protested.
“Yes,” Bell said. “They might let us on our way. They may not.”
“So you want to go the long way?” Connor asked.
“No. We need to be speedy,” Bell said.
“We can protect ourselves, Forest Ranger,” Kaitlin said.
He laughed and nodded.
“Let’s get on with it them,” Lucas grumbled.
“Not enjoying the heat, Man Mountain?” d’Gaz asked with a grin.
“No, I am not,” he replied tightening the straps that held his large axe on his back.
They turned off the main road and traveled along towards the wood.
“What are your thoughts on all this?” d’Gaz asked.
“All of this?” Bell asked back.
“Well, yes.”
“I do not know. Just when I think I have a handle on it that horse trader talks of a mysterious Master that wishes to help us. How would they know?” 
Bell looked at d’Gaz when he didn’t answer, but he just stared straight ahead.
“It is too big to comprehend.”
“Aye, by thunder, that it is,” d’Gaz said. “You know of this Magician’s Star?”
“No,” Bell shook his head. “Only that it is the ruling body of this World.”
“They are not like the True King, they hide themselves away from the people, decreeing what they think is best for the people through study.”
“How can they know if they are not amongst their peoples?” Bell asked.
“They are not often wrong, but, aye, the local Mages have a lot of work implementing such decrees.”
“Do you think they will help us?” 
“I know not. Why would they not? But then not everyone is willing to fight.”
Bell looked away to hide his blush of shame and d’Gaz winced at his words.
They entered the wood and the temperature dropped. Bell and d’Gaz could hear Lucas give a sigh of relief even from outside the carriage and Bell smiled.
They had not traveled far when an arrow whizzed in front of them.
“So bandits it is,” d’Gaz said grabbing the hilt of his sword.
“Do not draw that, d’Gaz,” Bell warned.
“When the time is right,” he reassured.
Another three arrows flew and they both ducked, though there was no danger of being hit.
“Warning shots,” d’Gaz said.
“Or they are unskilled. Ah, here we are.”
Bell pulled the reins to stop the horses as a line of men with swords and bows blocked the road. Bell knocked on the carriage before getting down.
“Give us your money,” one of the men shouted.
“We have none,” d’Gaz called back.
“Give us your money,” the man shouted again.
“We still have none.”
And then Lucas, Connor, Dylan and Kaitlin walked around the carriage.
“Oh dear,” the man said.
“Put down your weapons,” Bell commanded as they walked forward.
The men did as they were told and the leader spoke up again.
“Please, do not hurt us. We are very sorry,” he seemed on the verge of tears. “We will just go.”
“This is the worst group of bandits I ever did see,” Lucas said wiping the sweat from his now bare chest.
“Bandits? Oh, no, we are not bandits. No, not really.”
“What, by thunder, is going on here?” d’Gaz commanded.
“Look, we can just leave,” the leader said.
“Not without an explanation,” Bell told them and the man sagged.
“Very well. Shall we sit?”
“You will sit, we will stand,” Lucas told them keeping Dylan right behind him.
The group of men did as they were told after calling to their archer friends in the trees.
“So what is this about?” d’Gaz asked them.
“We come from the small city of Cransbrook,” the leader said forlornly. “And nearly a month ago the Chinerthian Shire Dictator came herself to our city with a squad of soldiers because some legend has it that we know where the Treasure of Vriemire is.”
“Treasure?” Bell asked.
“Yes, treasure, a mythical treasure of The Lost Kingdom,” the leader agreed.
“The Lost Kingdom?” Dylan asked. He was fascinated by all the stories in these new worlds.
“Leave that be for now,” d’Gaz instructed.
“Well, we don’t know is the short of it,” the leader said. “But she gave us a month to find half a million pieces of gold or have the city burnt to the ground.”
“She thought you would go to the treasure to save your city,” Bell finished.
“Yes, but as I said, we don’t know.”
“So here you are, trying to rob people,” Kaitlin said quietly.
“Not very successfully as you can see,” he said.
“What is your name?” she asked.
“Noetin,” he said looking at her.
“How does it go, Noetin?”
“It is well, Maiden,” he replied as tears over welled his eyes.
“No, it is not,” she said and looked at Connor.
“So we help,” Connor said to her.
“No, we cannot,” Bell insisted.
“Yes, we must,” Dylan agreed.
Bell got down on his knees in front of the young Guardian.
“We have not the time for this,” he explained.
“We cannot leave these people, what is the point if we do?” Dylan asked.
“I know,” Bell said softly, “I want to help too, but we have other things to do.”
“Do we know anything of this treasure or where it may be?” Connor asked.
“There are tales,” Noetin said.
“Well? Such as?” Connor pushed.
“The Knight of Vriemire and the Outcrop of the Watch, but people have looked, dug up the area. We have to assume it’s magically hidden if it exists at all. There is one text that tells of a Magical rift,” he shrugged helplessly.
“Well you’re a magical world, can you not find it?” Connor asked.
“No, our magic is weakened, but even before we would not have the magic to find it; perhaps the Magician’s Star could have. Once,” he shook his head.
“I agree with Bell,” d’Gaz said, “this is foolish. With or without the treasure your city is most likely to burn.”
“d’Gaz,” Kaitlin scolded.
“It is the truth and we have not the time for this.”
“Where is this outcrop?” she asked Noetin.
“From the legends? The last site of the Knight of Vriemire was in the Plains of Offry, on the Outcrop of the Watch.”
“Then we should go there,” Dylan said.
“Young Guardian,” Bell said crossly.
“No, Dylan’s right, this is what we set out to do, help people,” Connor said. “Could you find it, Kaitlin?”
“I can look. If I cannot find it then we will be on our way, Bell.”
“Once again I am shown up by a boy, my apologies, Dylan.”
Dylan beamed.
“Then let’s go on a treasure hunt,” he said.
%%%
“Sire, soon I must leave,” the Shadow Ranger said.
“I am aware that your time grows short, but I have one more request.”
“What is it?”
“Chinerthians are coming by sea. Our army grows by the day, but our naval ships were destroyed long ago. We cannot stop them.”
“What would you have me do?”
“We will have to form lines. The great battle will soon commence, I need you to lead.”
“I am not sure I can do that, Sire, but I can help organise.”
“It is enough for now, but maybe your heart will be swayed.”
“Every day my friends face danger,” Mattaeus replied.
“Do not we all?” the True King asked.
%%%
“What is our plan, Shadow Ranger? My heart is ever troubled,” Alura asked him.
“The True King wants us to stay and help fight another battle.”
“That we cannot do.”
“That is what I told him.”
“Then we leave?”
“Not just yet. It is true that this battle needs to be won. We need to see what of it before we leave.”
“But why?”
“This rebellion cannot fail, if it does the rest of the Foreshadow, your sister, will be exposed and hunted down.”
“Very well, Mattaeus, I trust you.”
%%%
Btolomy walked into the cave. The Cave of Tarthalla, which translates as ‘chance is the destiny of all’.
He had not had much rest since the Foreshadow of Balance had left him. He could not read, nor write, for his mind was elsewhere. He walked the forest often, sometimes for hours at a time. He had struggled with himself until he had gone to the Buofire Library. He knew then as he did now that that had been a compromise, doing some, but not all of what he should. 
He had sent out the Foreshadow on a dangerous and important Quest and then sat back to continue as if nothing had changed, but everything had changed and he knew it. He could help, he should help, he was a coward. As he had been for so many years now, handing the reins to someone else and then skulking in a forest reading books, writing others that no one would ever read. Recounting tales and legends that most, if not all, had forgotten.
Legends that he had both heard and those that he had experienced firsthand. People and events that he had pushed to the very back of his mind; that he had left to their own devices, to their own ghosts and wanderings. And now others had come to make a difference, people who dared to stand up and try and he had once again sent them off while he sat in the gloom and cursed the Worlds for the life he had been given.
He felt it. It had not left him since the day the Foreshadow had left and would not leave. It niggled him at day and haunted his dreams at night, but he did his best to ignore it, to not get involved. Until he could take it no more.
He walks along the dark corridor, not needing any form of light. He knows these passages, though it has been a long time since he trod them. He turns left and right, knowing exactly where each passage is; he is not even thinking about it. And then ahead there is a faint light. He continues to it, though in his stomach he now knows he does not want to go there. It is too much, he thinks. He had left for a reason, it was no longer his time or place. Perhaps once, but surely now it was too late, he was old and tired.
He walks into a low ceilinged cavern and into the source of the light.
“Do sit,” the old man says. He himself is seated on a cut wooden log. In front of him is a flat, table-like stone with a single candle on it.
This was not who he had come to seek, but he should have known.
“I’m not sure I wish to,” Btolomy replied.
“Sit anyway,” the old man said and took a puff of his long pipe through his longer white beard. “You’ve trimmed you beard, I see.”
“I see no need for it,” Btolomy replied still not sitting.
“No need? No need? Well, there I cannot agree with you. Always need for a beard, now more need than ever.”
“Still up to your old ways,” Btolomy sighed and sat.
“What other ways are there for me?” the old man asked.
Btolomy laughed. 
“I can think of many.”
The old man stroked his beard.
“And yet you know that none of those are true paths.”
“No, no, I know.”
“They will need your help, you know that.”
“They have enough help, there is nothing I can do.”
“Are you so afraid?”
Btolomy looked the old man in the eye.
“I am. Change has come.”
“And now it comes again, the Worlds are full of circles.”
“You are not a man to be bartered with.”
“No, I am not. But I am one to be refused if that is your heart.”
“And you know it is not.”
“Why, you came here, did you not? Did I beckon you?”
“No, you did not. You did not need to and this you know.”
“Well then. It is time to grow back that beard,” the old man smiled.

CHAPTER IV

“What of it?” Lucas asked brusquely.
“It was amazing,” Kaitlin gasped.
“And you?” Bell asked Connor.
“Yes,” was all he could say. “Let us rest a minute.”
“Dad, Dad,” Dylan hugged him. “What was it like? I’m so glad you’re back, was there treasure?”
Connor hugged his son, laying his cheek on his hair.
“It is good to be back with you, son.”
“What was it like?”
“Like nothing I have ever seen.”
“And the treasure?” d’Gaz asked.
“Yes. The treasure is there,” Kaitlin said.
“Can we see?” d’Gaz asked.
“No,” she replied leaning on Connor’s shoulder. “It is tiring keeping the rift open, I must go and rest now.”
%%%
Dylan sat in the inn with d’Gaz, Bell and Lucas. His Dad and Kaitlin had both gone to sleep early, but he was not tired. It felt strange, but nice to stay up with the adults without his Dad. Like he was his own man. But he could not concentrate on what they were talking about; he could only think of how his Dad and Kaitlin had been on their journey back. She had held onto him for support, but there had been more to it than that; what had they seen? What had they done in the rift? He wished he had gone with them now, but everyone had said he couldn’t. Something had happened in there though, he knew it, he knew his Dad.
“Differences in time, she said,” Lucas was saying.
“Yes, another world. As if we have not enough Worlds with enough troubles,” Bell replied.
“There is much we do not see or know,” d’Gaz added.
“But another world, could it be…?” Lucas didn’t finish.
They all had another drink of ale and Lucas picked at the scraps of meat left on his plate as they each thought about it. All except Dylan knew what he meant, the Dark World or the Thither. Bell didn’t believe in such things as places you went when you died or dreamt, places where there lived gods and monsters and yet he had always believe in the Princess of the Forest and such belief had been proven true. Lucas too took what was simply in front of him and thought little for anything further away, but now all of this was in front of him. He had seen a princess, he was with two Fifth Worlders, had been there himself. It was hard to change one’s beliefs, but one had to believe what was in front of him. Both tried to shake the thoughts from their heads.
“Do you think this will work?” Dylan asked into the silence.
“Hard to tell,” d’Gaz replied. “We really know nothing of the situation, but Kaitlin seems determined to see it through.”
“What if they won’t go through?”
“Then we’ll have to think of something else fast.”
“You can’t let them make Dad go through,” Dylan pleaded.
“Young Guardian,” Bell said softly, “I hate to say this, but maybe we can learn from it.”
“What do you mean?”
“Bell,” d’Gaz warned.
“Dylan, we are doing this because you insisted. We said that we had not the time.”
“What are you saying?” Dylan asked.
“That we cannot stop to help everyone that needs it; we have a Quest and we endanger our lives every time we get involved.”
“So this is my fault?” Dylan asked. 
He could feel the sobs ready to wrack his body. What were they saying? That he was going to put his Dad in danger? But it was true, wasn’t it? He had said they should help. Bell had said they shouldn’t. He gulped back his sob.
“You’re right,” he said, but his voice still quavered.
“Well,” Bell sighed, “it matters not now; we have said we will help.”
“We are doing the right thing, Bell,” Lucas said. “And you know that.”
“I know we have a Quest,” Bell shot back.
“Do not get angry with me,” Lucas said. “You are letting leadership weigh you down.”
Bell sighed and drank some more.
“Yes, maybe you are right. I am sorry, Dylan.”
“It’s OK, Bell, I think you’re a good leader.”
Bell smiled at him, but roiled and wondered. Lucas was right; he was so worried about being a poor leader, of letting everyone down, that he was being a poor leader. He had become hard in places he was once soft, so anxious to finish the Quest that he was willing to let innocent people suffer. What better was he than the Chinerthians? How could he complete a Quest such as this with a hard and cruel heart?
He flinched when d’Gaz put a hand on his shoulder.
“You have learnt something of leadership, you have let it roll back and forth in your mind, now forget all but the lesson and move on.”
“You are right,” Bell said.
“And I am thirsty,” Lucas yawned.
“Then I will get us another drink, but I think it is time for you to sleep, young Guardian,” Bell said standing.
“I suppose,” and he got up, though he did not want to.
%%%
In his sleep, Connor rolled and his breath stopped for a second before he sighed and rolled over again.
In his dreams he was through the rift with Kaitlin and they were walking through a field of bright flowers as the Sun warmed them. They held hands and he picked flowers for her until she protested and he realised that he had weighed her down with blooms. He apologised but she laughed and threw the flowers in the air so that they cascaded around them.
When they had settled he was alone. Alone on a hilltop and below him in the valley was a city with a river running through it. He wanted to go there, to see it, but it was so far away. He looked around again and the sky behind him was a roiling purple and black and heavy clouds burdened with an approaching storm flew towards him. He had only one way to go and started walking down the hill to the city as the clouds suddenly unleashed their load and the city disappeared from view in the torrents and the dream faded.
He rolled over again in his sleep and dreamt no more until he awoke.
%%%
Mattaeus stood outside the True King’s tent. They were now on the Plain of Kinesia and all around were tents and soldiers preparing for battle. The army had grown considerably, but the Shadow Ranger knew it may not be enough. It would have to be a swift victory to stop them being surrounded by troops coming in from the Portal. And one could never rely on a swift victory, only a swift defeat. 
And so it was that he walked to get his horse, he needed to employ help and he thought he knew where. It wasn’t much, just a feeling, a tingle in his soul that told him that help may have awakened.
“Where are you going?” Alura asked him as he reached his horse.
“A brief errand.”
“Without me?”
“There is no need for you to come,” Mattaeus told her as he mounted his horse.
“There is no need for me to do anything here,” she replied. “I could go anytime I wished.”
“So be it, mount your horse and follow, we must move swiftly.”
They rode over the plains and through the Forest of Engor before they skirted the Capital Town of Das and headed to the Lothar Forest.
“You are a greater magician than you let on,” Alura said as she rode beside him.
“I know not what you mean,” Mattaeus said.
“Only now am I aware of them.”
“No doubt you have been aware, just have not noticed it. We only realise that for which we seek.”
“Maybe so, Mattaeus, maybe so.”
They dismounted at the edge of the forest and had to calm their spooked horses before continuing.
“So, it is not just us,” Alura smiled.
“No, the horses sense it too.”
“They are frightened.”
“So they should be, there are not friends of man in this forest,” he said as they pushed through the trees.
“And yet you think they will help.”
“I know not, but that Portal must be protected.”
They continued deeper into the forest, they knew where to go as the strange feelings that vibrated through them grew stronger.
And then the singing started.
A low, sweet singing from amongst the trees, a sad melody that yearned across hundreds of years.
“It’s beautiful,” Alura whispered.
“It is a warning,” the Shadow Ranger whispered back.
They walked further in and the singing increased not only in volume, but seemingly in singers.
And then it stopped.
The silence was deafening, not a single animal or bird made a sound, not a leaf nor a twig.
“It is an ill omen when you come walking into our forest,” a deep, resonate voice said.
“It is not a place I step foot lightly,” the Shadow Ranger said.
“And nor should it be.”
“So you know that this is important.”
“We are not concerned in the ways of men,” the voice said sternly.
“No, you have hid deep in the forest for many centuries.”
“Be wary of your tongue,” the man said as he stepped into view.
He was tall and wrapped in a cloak and hood of greens and browns so that it was hard to focus on him in the trees. The hood nearly covered his face, but Alura could make out a long pointed chin and similar nose. She could see that he had long hair and he wore a short beard that was the colour of Autumn leaves.
“I will be wary when this World, your World, is not under attack,” Mattaeus said back.
“Our World? Our world has long since passed,” the man said.
“That is merely what you choose to believe,” the Shadow Ranger said.
“You of all people should know that what one believes is never ‘mere’, but the truth is that you are the only one who will not accept it. Even your sidekick left you to play boats.”
“I will tell him you said that,” the Shadow Ranger said, a smile playing on his lips.
Alura couldn’t be sure, but for a moment the man seemed disturbed by this. Now wasn’t the time for games however.
“Please,” Alura spoke. “This is for the good of everyone.”
The man looked at her and she could feel his eyes piercing skin, muscle, bone; right to her soul.
“Well, a Magician,” he said. “Your powers are strong in a time of weakened Magic.”
“Magic is strengthening once again, I believe not that you do not feel it.”
“We do,” the man replied. “It is the Fifth Worlders.”
“How do you know?” she asked, taken aback.
“We may hide as the Shadow Ranger accuses, but we are not oblivious.”
“Then you run us around,” the Shadow Ranger said.
“What is it that you would have us do?”
“Chinerthian troops will soon come through the Portal in great numbers, we cannot hold them back.”
“And so you wish for us to fight for men? It is not our concern.”
“It will be when they burn this forest, when they choose to make an example of this World.”
“These Chinerthians are pitiful,” the man said.
“You have been away too long, Folgron.”
The man, Folgron, laughed a deep laugh.
“And you, Shadow Ranger, you have not been hidden? Maybe in plain sight, but your wanderings are nothing but a way to hide.”
“And now I am here, ready to stand; to fight for a World not my own,” the Shadow Ranger pushed.
“Very well,” Folgron said. “I will take it to the Council and promise you nothing.”
“So be it. Your wisdom has not dimmed with the passing of time.”
“And neither has your gall, Shadow Ranger,” and with that the man disappeared into the trees.
“Come, we must return,” Mattaeus told Alura and they turned and headed back to the horses.
As they neared the edge of the forest another voice called out.
“Shadow Ranger.”
They stopped and turned to find a woman dressed in a similar cloak to Folgron.
“My lady,” Mattaeus said with a slight bow.
She pulled back her hood and Alura could see she was very beautiful. Her skin was a light brown and her hair was a weave of greens and browns, her eyes too were a bright green.
“My words still hold some sway in the Forest,” she said.
“Thank you, my lady,” Mattaeus said, but she was already gone with a smile.
“Strange friends you keep, Shadow Ranger,” Alura smiled.
“Let us get on.”
%%%
The Outcrop of the Watch did not have a lot around it and d’Gaz, Lucas and Bell were quite a distance away.
“I like this not,” Lucas moaned.
“Neither I,” Bell agreed.
d’Gaz sat silently behind the rocks that were their cover. He could see Kaitlin, Noetin and two other men at the outcrop of rock. He was calculating the distance and how far and fast they would have to run if anything happened. It was useless, they could never cover the distance in the time it took to swing a blade. They could only trust in Bell and his bow. He was just glad that Connor and Dylan had stayed back in the city.
At the Outcrop of the Watch the small band watched the plumes of sand being kicked into the air by the approaching riders.
“You love me,” Noetin told Kaitlin.
“I’m sorry?”
“Pretend that you love me.”
“Why?”
“To make us special to each other,” he looked at the approaching cloud.
“No, I see what you are thinking,” she said
“Just do it,” he scowled back.
She took his hand as the cloud of sand engulfed them.
By the time the sand had settled the riders had dismounted and their leader, a thick-set, muscled woman, grinned at Noetin.
“We got your message,” she looked around. “Obviously.”
“We have found the treasure, it was behind a magical rift,” Noetin told her.
“Of course it is, this bedeviled World is naught but magic. What did I do so wrong to end up here?”
“I don’t know,” Noetin apologised.
“Oh, shut up,” the woman spat and then eyed Kaitlin. “Well, well, who is this?”
“This is my woman,” Noetin said squeezing her hand. “She is the one who was tasked with knowing the location.”
“So it was true all along, you are more treacherous than I thought, Noetin,” she grinned at him. “I like that.”
“I can open the rift for you and then this can all be over,” Kaitlin said.
“And how do we know this is not a trap, huh?” the leader asked.
“We just want this to be over, we have nothing else to offer after this,” Noetin pleaded.
“You can leave us alone, there is nothing left we have that you want,” Kaitlin agreed.
“We will be the judge of that. Now where is this rift?”
“I will open it for you,” Kaitlin said and raised her hands.
She could feel the Magic crackling in her body, could feel the air between her and the rift, could feel the connection grow and then there it was, open like a slash in the fabric of the world.
“It is open.”
“Is this some kind of joke?” the leader asked. “I see nothing.”
“It is invisible to you, but it is just before the large rock in front of you.”
“Well, then, Trej, you and Frip walk towards that rock,” the leader directed. 
The two men seemed less than happy about this, but slowly walked to the rock, arms out as if they were blind. And then their hands disappeared and then their arms up to their elbows. They started back scared.
“Forward or die here,” the leader barked and then they had vanished. “Well, well.”
And then they were back.
“The treasure?” the leader asked.
“Yes,” Trej breathed. “So much treasure.”
The leader gave a twisted grin.
“Then let us get our reward,” she said.
“It is all yours,” Noetin said forlornly and put his arm around Kaitlin’s waist.
“Oh, no, you are coming in with us, we do not want that rift closing, do we?”
“I cannot hold it open if I pass through,” Kaitlin panted, the effort of holding the rift open was great.
“Well then,” the leader thought. “You would not shut the rift on your beloved here, would you?”
“No, please, leave him alone, you have what you want.”
“I must, my love,” Noetin said. “Keep the rift open for me and we will be at peace together.”
“Yes, yes, very good, now to our treasure,” the leader said with greedy delight.
Noetin walked forward with the leader behind him and then all but two of the Chinerthians disappeared into the rift. Almost straight away Kaitlin let go. The Magic surged and crackled around her, though no one could see such a thing, and she went limp. At the same time Bell’s arrows found the two Chinerthians and they dropped to the ground, followed by Kaitlin.
Lucas and d’Gaz were already running to her and when they arrived, Lucas scooped her up.
“Is she well?” d’Gaz asked.
“She has fainted.”
“Such sacrifice,” Bell said joining them.
“Yes,” d’Gaz agreed. “Noetin will be known throughout the city for this, we must make it so.”
%%%
By the time the Shadow Ranger and Alura returned to the Sylvaen camp the soldiers had lined ready for battle. Opposite them on the plain Chinerthian soldiers lined up similarly.
“Just in time,” the True King said as Mattaeus and Alura joined him at the head of the army. “Look, the Commander is coming out to parlay.”
Mattaeus judged the enemy commander riding up.
“Join in me in riding to meet him.”
“I have not the time,” Mattaeus said.
“Even in war we must be civil,” the King chided.
“I have not the time for civility,” the Shadow Ranger said pulling out his bow and shooting the commander off of his horse.
The Chinerthian army let out a howl of outrage and began preparing to charge forward; but then Alura flung two red bolts of magic into the air. They arced up and away before landing and exploding in the midst of the Chinerthian army; she let another go to its left flank and now the army was in disarray, they could hear captains barking orders to no use.
“Now go, charge,” Mattaeus instructed the King.
“And soldiers coming through the Portal?”
“They will be dealt with,” he said. “One way or the other.”
With that he and Alura rode away as the True King called for arrows to be fired. Even from a distance they heard him bellow the charge order, but neither looked back.
%%%
They reached the Portal in time to see that a large army had come through and gathered. They pulled their horses to a stop and looked.
“What now?” Alura asked.
“We will have to find cover and try to take them down ourselves.”
“Impossible even with my magic, there are too many of them.”
And then to their right the Lothar Forest shook and hundreds of riders swept out dressed in their shimmering green and brown cloaks. Their horses were olives, greens and browns so that they looked like living bushes. The Lotharians smashed into the Chinerthians wielding wooden swords that still cut men in half. Through to the other side of the army, the horses wheeled and again the Lotharians swept through the bewildered Chinerthians, decimating them before riding back into the forest.
The remaining soldiers knew not what to do; they mingled and tended to the wounded until someone rallied them to charge the forest. It was an unwise order as none of those men and women were ever seen again.
CHAPTER V

They were once again on the road. Kaitlin was asleep in the carriage as she had been for most of the last two days. She was drained and needed to be woken often for water, but Connor was looking after her. Dylan was proud of his Dad for doing that, he was a loving and caring man, and had proven it so often in Dylan’s life.
Their journey would soon be over. According to Bell they would reach the city of Bronsgrade in another few hours and there they should meet Thunderground.
By now the people of Cransbrook would know that Noetin was not returning and that he had given his life to save them. At least d’Gaz hoped. The people were sure that it was a power grab by the Shire Dictator and that with her gone no one else knew of it. d’Gaz thought this naïve, but it was their problem and Bell was right. They couldn’t stop to help everyone they met; they had to get to the Magician’s Star before the Sylvaen Rebellion was complete. Once the Black Queen knew, troops would start amassing and the Hokinoans needed to be ready to defend themselves.
Bell had been considering the same things as d’Gaz, only he also recognised that Dylan was right too. They could not let this Quest harden their hearts to other plights. When one became singular in his or her vision it could lead to pride, this Quest is important and yours is not, and pride was the enemy of good. Pride made it about you rather than others. It was a hard road to tread and once again he hoped Mattaeus would soon join them and take the yoke of leadership from his shoulders.
%%%
Connor, Kaitlin and Dylan booked into a nice tavern. They had to pay more, but a less classy place would not have been able to accept the carriage. d’Gaz refused to spend money on a room there, wondering why people would spend so much on a place they merely slept in. Not that such a tavern would accept people looking like he or Lucas, so the two plus Bell found a cheaper inn in the next street. 
“The bed is so soft,” Kaitlin giggled as Connor stood by the door. “I’ve never known anything like it.”
Connor smiled.
“Talk to Lucas about it. Come on, we have to go.”
“Yes, yes, you’re right,” she stood in a flowing white dress. “Do I look well?”
“You look amazing,” Connor replied and she blushed.
“Come on, we have to go,” Dylan said coming up behind his Dad. “They’ll all be waiting.”
%%%
And that they were as the three of them entered an inn that was doing a brisk trade. They had a table at the back corner and Thunderground and another man was with them.
Lucas stood up and let Dylan take a seat between himself and the wall as Connor grabbed a chair each for Kaitlin and himself.
“We are all here then,” Thunderground said.
“Good, good,” the other man said. He was small and thin, and Dylan thought, like a raisin, he seemed shriveled.
“This is Evylute,” Thunderground told them. “He is a Magician and astronomer.”
“What’s that?” Dylan asked; he wasn’t sure he trusted this man.
“I study the stars,” Evylute said in his reedy voice. “You must be the Fifth Worlders.”
“Keep your tone hushed,” Bell warned, but the man seemed to not hear him.
“Well, and who is this delightful creature?” he smiled at Kaitlin.
Dylan could see that his teeth were yellow and crooked and he felt the heat rise in his face. He didn’t like the way he looked at Kaitlin, felt like telling him to get lost. 
“Let us not get away from ourselves, Evylute,” Thunderground placed a hand on his arm.
“Well no, no indeed.”
“I’m sorry, no offence, but why is he here?” Connor asked and Dylan thought that his Dad didn’t like the way he looked at Kaitlin either.
“No offence, Fifth Worlder, no offence at all,” Evylute cackled.
“Evylute here has seen the Star of Sarlab,” Thunderground said.
“The what?” d’Gaz asked.
“The Star, the Star. Are you all so uneducated?” Evylute asked.
“Apparently so,” Bell said.
“The Star of Sarlab used to traverse the skies here once a year,” Thunderground explained. “It was pulled close by the World’s Magic.”
They looked at him blankly and Evylute sighed.
“It has not been seen since the Magic here waned, but I saw it. I did. Far away, yes, but it was there.”
“I’m sorry, Evylute, but what does this mean?” Connor asked.
“Not from around here, are you?” Evylute cackled to himself. “It shows that Magic is once again strengthening here. Enough to once again pull Sarlab out of its orbit.”
“What it means for us is a way into the Magician’s Star,” Thunderground said.
“Oh, yes, they will be most interested in all that is happening. You two, the Chinerthians leaving for Sylvae, Sarlab. Very interested.”
“Good news, then,” d’Gaz said rolling his eyes.
“Good enough for a drink,” Lucas said. “Your words hurt my skull, by thunder.”
“Yes, yes, enjoy the base delights,” Evylute said. “I must be going. Much work for me, much work.”
He got up and they said goodbye, but he was once again staring at Kaitlin before he left.
d’Gaz and Thunderground went to the bar and Connor nudged Kaitlin.
“You were very quiet,” he whispered.
“He made me feel very uncomfortable,” she flushed red.
“I could go and find him, teach him some manners,” Connor grinned at her.
“Oh, my knight to the rescue,” she smiled back at him and they both laughed.
“Private party over there, is it?” Lucas asked.
“Sorry, Lucas,” Connor said still smiling.
“You should have taken your axe to that sniveling excuse for a man,” Lucas told Connor.
“I don’t have an axe, Lucas.”
“Mine is always here if you need it,” he shrugged as the ales arrived.
“So what does this mean for us?” Kaitlin asked.
“As he said, it will give us a better chance of seeing the Magician’s Star,” Thunderground said.
“And your Stone Hunters?” Bell asked.
“Yes,” said Thunderground, “they too will go to the Magician’s Star if they can.”
“Why can’t they?” Dylan asked.
“Well, they are not official, not really part of the governing.”
“What stones do they hunt?” Dylan pushed.
“Such things I am not so sure on,” Thunderground said.
“I know,” Kaitlin said. “At least some. You see the Magician’s Star is exactly that, a star of five Magicians. But, you see, they had five stones of magical properties that linked them, so that each Magician was linked to two stones.”
“How are stones a help?” Lucas asked.
“I know not, I am sorry. But this World is made of Magic; it is in the very stones and earth.”
“If they were stones,” d’Gaz said.
“What do you mean by that?” Bell asked.
“Well, they are called stones now, but some say they were Magicians, powerful Magicians,” d’Gaz said.
“And who are these ‘they’ you speak of?” Bell asked with a raised eyebrow.
“Oh, those and them,” d’Gaz waved a hand.
“Even I suspect you know more than you say, d’Gaz,” Lucas said.
“Pirate legends,” he replied.
“OK, OK, but the point is,” Connor interrupted, “why do they hunt these stones? Where are they? What happened to them?”
“Taken,” Thunderground said. “By the Chinerthians. Or that is the story I am told.”
“So, what? We wait to hear?” Bell asked.
“We have to,” Thunderground said.
“We don’t have to be idle,” Connor said, “Can’t we find out more about these stones? The mythologies of this World?”
“More of a chance in the Capital City, but, yes, it is a good idea,” d’Gaz said.
“Well then, let us for now rest,” Bell said.
“Let us have another ale,” Lucas corrected and they laughed.
%%%
The woman, lithe and dressed in a red cloak watched the party leave the inn. They were in good spirits, laughing with each other. There was the big one with the child, and another bigger man that she had not seen before. There was the archer whose aura was quite dull. But then there was the short, stocky man. She could not put anything to him, he gave off an aura that confused her. But it was the woman that she wanted, that she was sent for. 
They had picked her up when she entered the World, she had used Magic to communicate and she had expelled a lot of Magic somewhere around the city of Cransbrook. More magic than had been seen in this World for a long time.
Ha! She thought to herself, more Magic than any normal person had seen. Those greedy fools in their high towers had the Magic, but used it not; they could help, but did not. They were weak; they could not regain the Stones of Aremis and yet thought they still held some sway, some power. But the Cult of Warena would change that and that was why she hid in the shadows now.
Indeed here they came, carousing like fools as she sunk deeper into the shadow. But then, the archer, he with the dull aura seemed to look at her as he passed. Impossible! There was no way he could see her. No, she was just being paranoid; she had been on the road too long without a break. She must rest this night.
%%%
They stood in what was the equivalent of a library in the city. There were shelves of scrolls, books and knowledge orbs that held information.
“My head hurts just being in here,” Lucas complained looking around.
“Why not take Dylan out to see the city?” Bell asked.
“Is that safe?” Connor asked.
Kaitlin laughed.
“I think he would be safe in the heart of the Black Queen’s palace if he was with Lucas.”
“True,” Connor smiled.
“Then come, young Guardian, let us be away from all these words, there is more adventure in the streets.”
“Keep a low profile,” d’Gaz warned.
“Yes, yes,” he waved and the two of them left.
“So where do we start?” Connor asked.
%%%
The city was built of red sandstone and was clean despite the ever-encroaching sand. In amongst the people Dylan could see many people sweeping up sand and he wondered if they ever got to stop.
“It was good to hear from Alura,” Dylan said.
“Yes,” Lucas agreed, “it will be good to have her here safe and the Shadow Ranger to lead.”
“You don’t think Bell is doing a good job?”
Lucas stopped.
“No. No, I meant not that,” he sat down on a stone bench and Dylan joined him.
“What is it then?”
“I know not,” Lucas sighed. “Everything, everyone, was so simple at the start of this. Bell was a simple Forest Ranger, but now we find he was part of the Yokum Rebellion, a leader. And that d’Gaz, he knows so much more than he is saying.”
“Yes, he seems to know more than us, him and Mattaeus.”
“Oh yes,” Lucas chuckled, “now there is a strange man.  Strange indeed.”
“But you want him to lead us?”
“Oh, yes, I think Bell cannot do so at this time, too much weighs on his heart. I sorrow for him.”
“About running away?”
“Yes, it grieves him.”
“I used to run away a lot,” Dylan admitted.
“Yes?” Lucas looked down at him. “From whom?”
“Bullies.”
“Ah, bullies are the same in all the Worlds, then? Spineless bringers of misery.”
“I guess.”
“Well, maybe sometimes it is better to run away.”
“You should tell that to Bell.”
“No, you should tell him your stories, young Guardian. Come let us go on.”
%%%
“I am with Lucas,” d’Gaz grumbled. “All this is too much for my sea legs.”
“Go and get some air,” Connor told him.
“I think I might.”
“Connor,” Kaitlin called. “Come and see this.”
d’Gaz left the library and the heat hit him. He did not like this World, it was too dry, too sandy now that they were away from the Portal to Sylvae. He hoped they might have to cross a sea, feel the wind on his face, the salt drying on his lips. Were there even seas or oceans left? Had they dried up like the vegetation and soil?
He walked on through the red streets, he was glad that Arturo was on his way, but he did not know when he and Alura might join them. They needed him in this Quest, needed his wisdom and knowledge, even though he, like d’Gaz, hid it.
And indeed he had knowledge if not wisdom; he knew this World before it had been robbed of its Magic and beauty. It had been here that he had last fought the Fury of Medraza, but that had been a long time ago. He stopped in his wandering and sat on the same bench that Lucas and Dylan had. He had not thought of the Fury for such a long time. It had never followed him to Sylvae and he had assumed he was bested for good. Except in the deep dark nights when the wind howled its rage over the waters, then he feared again. But it had been so long ago, he could not be alive after what d’Gaz had done, but he had not watched the Fury die, he had walked away. But even if he had survived, it was so long ago, he could not still be alive. 
Well, why not? He was, was he not?
He looked behind him and then smiled a foolish smile. By thunder, scared of shadows now, Murtagh? Well, that was a name he had not called himself in a long time too. He did not like being here. Did not like the thoughts that seemed to appear out of nowhere. He got up and walked briskly away.
%%%
“Walk a little closer,” Lucas said.
“Is something wrong?” Dylan asked. He could sense that Lucas was tense.
“Something, but I know not what.”
“Should we go back?”
“Perhaps we should, but we must look casual.”
“Is someone watching us?”
“I am not sure. Here, let us look at this stall.”
They stopped and looked at a stall selling stones that allegedly held Magic and could do anything from curing an illness to making someone fall in love with you.
Then Lucas looked up at the Sun as if judging the time and then they turned to walk back the way they had come. 
They didn’t get far before Lucas spotted a figure in a dark red cloak standing in the middle of the wide street. He or she wasn’t the only one obscuring their face, it was standard fashion in a sandy place, but something about the way they stood spooked him and he dragged Dylan down another street to their left. 
“What is it?”
“I think we are in trouble,” Lucas told him.
“What? But what are we going to do?” Dylan asked scared.
“You are going to be calm, Dylan, nothing is going to happen to you.”
As they walked another cloaked figure stepped out of a doorway behind them and Lucas sped them up. They reached the T intersection and Lucas saw another figure in the road to their left and so they went right. But then he felt lost and stopped to try and get his bearings. He looked behind him and saw two red-cloaked figures with scarves over their faces.
“They are brave, I give them that,” Lucas muttered.
“What?” Dylan started to look around, but Lucas stopped him.
“No, we go on,” he said and they started walking again.
He felt claustrophobic with their presence; they seemed to be everywhere. What did they want? Who were they? He nearly jumped from his own skin when a hand touched his shoulder.
“Whoa, Man Mountain, it is only I,” d’Gaz said smiling.
“Well, Pirate!” Lucas exclaimed.
d’Gaz looked at him closely.
“And what has got the Mountain so spooked?”
Lucas looked around, but there were no cloaked figures to be seen.
“We are followed,” Lucas said in a hushed voice and was impressed that d’Gaz did not look around.
“By whom?”
“Red cloaks.”
“Are we OK?” Dylan asked. 
He was really worried now. He had never seen Lucas scared, but he could feel the fear washing out from him.
“We are fine, young Guardian,” d’Gaz smiled. “Let us get back to the others.”
They continued down the road and ahead of them in the people they saw another figure in a red cloak.
“I see,” d’Gaz said. “Here to the right.”
They turned down another road, this one thinner with less people. They were half way down when three cloaked figures appeared at the end, blocking their exit. They stopped.
“No way back,” d’Gaz said and Lucas looked back to see another three behind them.
“What’s going on?” Dylan cried.
“We know not,” d’Gaz said. “But I fear we are to find out.”
“Maybe they are friendly,” Lucas hoped.
The figures walked towards them and then stopped and drew swords, those walking the streets quickly fled.
“Maybe not,” Lucas unsheathed his axe.
“Well, they have a lot of gall, I’ll give them that,” d’Gaz said.
“You have nowhere to go but into our clutches,” one of the cloaked figures spoke.
“Is it a woman?” Lucas whispered.
“Does that matter?” d’Gaz whispered back and then addressed the figure. “You seem to have not seen my friend’s giant axe.”
“It matters not, you will not fight for you cannot defeat us.”
“Well, we will see about that, lady,” d’Gaz said and drew his great cutlass.
The three in front ran forward and d’Gaz clashed swords with them as Lucas turned and struck out at the nearest figure. His axe bounced on the blade and he felt the shock ring through his arms. Another swung at him and he blocked.
d’Gaz deflected a blow and parried as another lunged. He swept the blade aside and lunged, but the figure leapt back.
Lucas swung the great axe, but the figures were too agile. He ducked sideways as a blade sung by his head.
They fought, they fought hard, always keeping Dylan between them and though they could not defeat their enemy they could see them tiring. They had made the mistake of cornering them, giving them the ferocity of the need to escape and their attackers fell back further.
“Push on,” shouted d’Gaz.
They met their attackers head on and pushed them towards the end of the road, sword and axe flying through the air, spurred by the protection of Dylan.
“Who are you?” one of the cloaked figures screamed at d’Gaz in despair.
“I am Murtagh,” he boomed back at them and then suddenly, as one, they fled.
Exhausted they stumbled out into the main street. Dylan couldn’t believe how busy the street was and yet no one seemed to have noticed what had been happening to them. They walked quickly back to the library, d’Gaz and Lucas constantly looking around, but if there were any more of the red cloaked figures, Dylan didn’t see them.
They reached the library to find Bell waiting outside.
“There you are. The others have gone to eat.”
“Good, let us join them,” d’Gaz wheezed.
“What happened to you?’ Bell asked alarmed.
“No,” Lucas said. “Over food and an ale.”
They walked on, Bell greatly puzzled.

CHAPTER VI

“Well, what did they want?” Connor asked. 
He couldn’t believe it, Dylan had been in so much danger and he hadn’t been there to protect him. 
He looked at Lucas and felt a great love for the big man, Dylan’s Protector, but still it should be him. He should be the one protecting his own son.
“We stopped not to ask them,” Lucas said drinking.
“They were not the talkative kind, I agree,” said d’Gaz.
“But not Chinerthian?’ Kaitlin asked.
“No, not by my reckoning,” d’Gaz said. “Local by the skin I saw.”
“Then that is worse,” Bell said.
“I fear you are right,” d’Gaz agreed. “Any news from Mattaeus?”
“Yes,” Kaitlin said. “They have passed through the Portal, but are held up.”
“By thunder, this is vexing,” d’Gaz cursed.
“You do not trust my leadership,” Bell said sadly.
“You have it wrong,” d’Gaz replied, “the Shadow Ranger chose you as our leader and I trust his judgment, but he knows these lands more than we.”
“You lie, d’Gaz,” Lucas accused. “You know more than you tell us.”
“I cannot speak, but with his blessing.”
“Then what kind of fellowship are we?” Connor asked angrily.
“It is not like that, Guardian.”
“Don’t call me that,” Connor nearly shouted as he stood.
“Connor, where are you going?” Kaitlin asked.
“Just out.”
“No,” Bell said. “It could be dangerous.”
“So be it,” Connor angrily pushed his way past them.
Dylan got up, but Kaitlin held him back. 
“No. Leave him a moment, Dylan.”
“No,” Dylan protested. He had to go to his Dad.
“Give him a moment, he is angry that you were in danger.”
“I wasn’t,” protested Dylan.
“But he feels it. Go to him in a moment, when he needs you most.”
And somehow he knew she was right. When he was angry he had to let it out, he didn’t want his Dad to see his shame at being bullied; he had to take a deep breath and wash his face before going to dinner. She was wise and she cared, but she wasn’t right. She was of here and his Mum was of them, their house. Their house wasn’t hers.
%%%
The air was cool outside and the buildings took on a deep red shine in the moonlight. Connor took in a deep breath, he wanted to vomit so put his hands on his knees, but no, nothing came. 
He walked across the street and sat on a bench next to an old man reading a book.
Everything was dangerous, everything was trouble and now even their group was falling apart.
“Tough being a Father,” the old man said from next to him.
“Excuse me?” Connor asked him, but he didn’t look up from his book.
“Tough being a Father.”
“Yes. Yes it is.”
“Hmm,” the old man said through his white beard.
“What’s it to you, old man?” Connor asked feeling his anger rise again.
“One second,” the old man said.
“What? You talk to me and now your book is too important?”
The man continued reading for a few seconds and then closed the book. Dust puffed out as he closed it.
“I would think reading a book is the most important thing to you right now,” the old man said turning his bright blue eyes up to him.
“I don’t know what you mean.”
“It’s hard to be a Father, hard to always be there to protect your children. But he is protected well. Hard to be a leader when there is no Father looking after you.”
“What are you talking about?” Connor demanded.
“You may know,” the old man shrugged. “But you cannot be there for him, not at every turn, no, you have ways that you must go. That is why he has protection other than you.”
“Do I know you?” Connor asked.
“Do you?”
“No.”
“No, then.
“But trust in those around you, trust in those that protect your home so that you can go out and be what you need to be.”
“What are you talking about?”
The old man stood. He was short and his beard nearly touched his feet.
“There is much more to come than this. Even the Shadow Ranger cannot protect you all,” and with that he shuffled off.
“Wait,” Connor called and then looked down at his hands. What did he want to say? He looked up again, but the old man had gone.
“You OK, Dad?” Dylan asked.
“Hey, there,” Connor smiled and noticed Lucas in the doorway. “Yeah, I am. Just a little tired and frustrated, I guess.”
“That’s OK, me too,” Dylan smiled and gave his Dad a hug.
Connor hugged him back tightly and felt the love surge through him. Dylan was doing so well through all of this, better than he was at the moment. And if Dylan could cope, could have faith, then so could he.
%%%
“Kaitlin, go out and tell the others to go and rest, it is getting late,” Bell said.
“Are you sure?” 
“Yes, there is nothing more to be done tonight, tomorrow we strike East, to the coast.”
Kaitlin nodded and got up and left.
“Now who were these red cloaked attackers?” Bell asked d’Gaz.
“I know not,” he sighed. “I have not come across them before.”
“I need you to be straight with me.”
“I am,” d’Gaz took a drink. “But I am worried by them.”
“Why?”
“Because they fled when I told them who I was. I am an old man, it could be anyone from my past behind them.”
“What might they want?” Bell asked.
“I know not, but I know this. They are more dangerous than we can imagine.”
“Then what do we do?”
“You are the leader, Bell.”
It was Bell’s time to sigh. He ran his hand through his hair.
“They are unexpected and we need, now, to expect the unexpected, but we cannot let them change our plans.”
“Agreed. We must be vigilant,” d’Gaz nodded.
“It is not much,” Bell said dejectedly.
“It is as much as anyone could come up with. You are right, we cannot let these things change our plan.”
%%%
While the Foreshadow of Balance traveled on to the coast and to the ship, Fountain of Wisdom, Btolomy walked through a deep and dense forest. The wind howled as he had not experienced in many years. The trees bent, shook and moaned as he walked a thin path. His robes whipped around him and he had to hold his hat on. The sky was dark with rain and the light in the forest was a grey green; in its depths there could be anything waiting to attack him. Not anything, Btolomy mused, he knew exactly what foul beasts lived here. It was why he chose this forest. 
The path ahead of him forked and as right led him to a certain and painful death he went left. This would lead him to an almost certain and painful death; he had never planned on coming back here and so had set the most perfect trap, one that even he could not hope to pass. Why was he doing this again? he wondered. The old man was right about him, but that did not make it anything but a fool’s errand.
But here was the marker. The Way of the Pilgrim. He touched the stone; it was as cold as it always was. This stone, carved as a sword and shield was older than the peoples that now lived on this World. He knew that this place was too old to even be a legend to them, that the forest had become vile and corrupted so that no one would venture into it. He could feel eyes on him, red, hungry eyes, but he walked on without looking off of the path. To do so may be an invitation.
But soon those eyes would disappear; even the most savage beast was not foolish enough to approach the lair of Nadanpha. Though, apparently, he was. But he needed what was there, he could not go any further without it and that was the problem: having decided to become a hermit he had hidden his most powerful weapon. It was enough to get past Nadanpha to hide it, but now without it, he knew not how he would get past her again.
The wind continued to howl as the trees whipped their branches around in wild dance. The undergrowth shook as if with anger and he quickened his pace.
And then the path was widening, it was amazing that after all these years nothing grew on the path, as if even the vegetation respected the Tomb of Gylar.
And now the forest opened up to a clearing and in the middle stood a huge stone pyramid. The tomb of the great king, Gylar. The trees still grew taller than the pyramid and swayed violently in the wind.
In front of the tomb lay curled the great serpent Nadanpha. It was easily a hundred and fifty feet long and as wide as three or four men. It hissed at Btolomy as he entered the clearing, but did not move.
In the midst of its coils lounged a woman. She was lithe with dark red hair and was dressed in a black dress that seemed to set her hair on fire.
“Well, I should have assumed,” Btolomy said.
“Assumed? Assumed? You should have known,” the woman chastised. “Your powers are weak.”
“Deliberately so. I had left all this foolishness behind.”
“And yet here you are,” she smiled a wicked smile.
“What are you doing here, Alathena? What interest does your Master have?”
“I have no master,” she spat angrily.
“Oh, no? You didn’t sell yourself for power?” Btolomy asked with his own wicked grin. 
The snake shifted and hissed at him, but she laughed.
“Times are strange, Wizard. The Fury will walk again and now here are you looking for old trinkets.”
“Again I ask you, what is it to you?”
She stood amongst the coils.
“It is foolishness what you and your band plan. It cannot happen and will not happen.”
“That is not for you nor I to decide.”
“It is for me to decide,” she warned him.
“So this is it, is it? Now I die?”
She laughed again.
“Oh, come now, Btolomy, you know how Father works. There is so much more to this, and such a bigger fall for you than mere death now.”
“So you challenge me?” he asked.
“You are not a challenge, but things must fall as they should,” she grinned that wicked grin again.
“You know then why I have come here.”
“To pay your respects to Gylar?”
“You pollute his memory by your presence, Princess.”
She laughed and reached down, pulling a black, wooden staff from the snake’s coils.
“This is what you came for,” she threw it at his feet. “And with it your righteousness will lead them all to their downfall.”
He slowly bent down and picked up the staff. It hummed in his hand and he felt revived as if from a long sleep. He felt refreshed, like a man who had forgotten the taste of good food.
“Now shall we see what chances you have?” Alathena asked.
“Now I shall go and you shall return to the hole in which you have made your home,” Btolomy angered.
But she laughed.
“Let us see if you can defeat Nadanpha again.”
And with that the snake began to uncoil itself, began to raise its head and hiss.
May the Righteous protect me, Btolomy thought as he raised his staff. 
He shot a bolt of magic from its tip, but the snake dodged with lightning reflexes and Alathena laughed her wicked laugh.
Now the snake lunged at him, but he dodged with the agility of a much younger man. Every second he could feel power returning. He jumped to the left and ducked to the right, firing a ball of Magic that hit the snake and it hissed madly before lunging again.
Btolomy had to retreat backwards, jumping over the snake’s tail that was trying to encircle him. He slammed the end of his staff on the tip of the tail and the snake shook and howled. Another bolt of Magic hit the snake full in the face and it recoiled, but then lunged forward again, nearly swallowing Btolomy whole. But it was a mistake, the mistake of all evil and angry things. He sent a bolt down the beast’s throat and once again it recoiled in pain, hissing and shaking. Now it slithered back so that it was again wrapped around the pyramid of Gylar. 
It hissed angrily at him and he took the chance to look around, but Alathena, Princess of Fire, was gone. He slowly backed away into the swaying shaking forest, but the snake dared not move. He could see burns along its body, but knew it would not be the end of Nadanpha.
No eyes dared watch him as he walked back through the forest and even the wind began to die.
CHAPTER VII

The Foreshadow made their way to the docks. They had sold the carriage for less than what it was worth, but more than they had paid for it and secured passage on the ship, Fountain of Wisdom.
Ships came and went on a schedule depending on the seas and winds and they had to wait a day before they could board the ship. d’Gaz was particularly impatient to get on the seas again and spent the day down at the docks.
The woman watched d’Gaz as he sat with his legs dangling over the water. Could he really be who he said? That was something great and yet awful. It could change their plans altogether, but she did not want the plan to change. She wanted what they had set out for. But her mistresses may think different and that was why she had, so far, kept quiet about it. She had to be sure first and the Magician was more important, would do more good for more people. 
She withdrew into the shadows for now. 
%%%
The next day they walked down to the docks to board their ship. d’Gaz was excited to finally be on the seas again, though he was frustrated to not only be a mere passenger, but a passenger of a ferry. 
The roads to the docks were busy even early in the morning with people carrying goods to and from the various boats docked there. Many people carried food that would be used on the boats; others carried wares to sell in other countries. Sailors were here and there, ready to take to the seas or enjoying being back on dry land again.
They entered into the bustle of the dock and walked along to their ship enjoying the warmth of the Sun, the call of the seabirds and the salt air. 
“By thunder,” Bell said quietly. “Red cloak ahead of us.”
“I see him,” d’Gaz agreed.
“One to our left,” Lucas said as he pulled Dylan slightly closer.
“Two behind us, I think,” Connor said pretending to look at the ships and boats.
“OK, give no sign that we see them, but be ready,” Bell said.
“They are shadowing us,” Kaitlin observed.
“Biding their time,” d’Gaz said.
“What do they want, do you think?” Kaitlin asked.
“At this point, to stop us boarding our ship,” Bell said.
“They are getting closer,” Lucas warned.
“And there are more,” Connor added.
“We keep our way, get close as possible before we run,” Bell instructed.
“And be ready on your weapons,” d’Gaz said.
As they got closer to the ship they could see excited families walking up the boarding ramp and a man in bright uniform welcoming them. All around them were people coming and going, but amongst them were the red cloaks. And now they moved closer, surrounding them.
“Swords,” Bell warned as the red cloaks drew. “Do not draw.”
“Are you mad?” asked Lucas.
“We still have a ship to board,” Bell hissed.
“We won’t board if we are dead,” Lucas hissed back.
“Nor if we are in open battle,” Kaitlin said. “I may be able to do something.”
“So be it,” Bell said. “Do what you can, but everyone keep moving to the ship, nearly we are there.”
“We are going to have to fight, it is what they want,” d’Gaz warned.
“Be ready on your sword then,” Bell replied.
The red cloaks were moving in, more in number now. Bell despaired. There was no way that they were going to make it to the ship. He had been given command of this Quest and he had failed, just as he had before. It was done. 
No. He would not let this happen, he would not let down those who believed in him. Not again. He would see this to its end. To his end.
“d’Gaz, you are now in command,” he said.
“No. What are you thinking?”
“You now lead, get them to the boat,” and with that Bell peeled away from the group and ran.
“What is he doing, by thunder?” asked Lucas.
“We go to the ship,” d’Gaz commanded.
“Has he lost his spine?” Lucas accused.
“To the ship!”
Kaitlin closed her eyes and said something under her breath and then the red cloaks were moving away from them, lost in disarray.
“Now, move,” Kaitlin urged. “Run!”
%%%
Bell drew his sword on the run and took the first red cloak at speed. She barely had time to draw her sword before he was on her. He sliced at her stomach as he passed, wheeling right to the next red cloak. She clashed swords with him as he tried to duck past her.
“Run!” shouted Kaitlin as people around them screamed and shouted. They ran to the boarding ramp flashing their tickets and the man in uniform waved them up in fear. They boarded as guards came to the ramp to protect it.
The red cloaks had shaken off Kaitlin’s spell and Bell swept under another sword, striking upwards as he whirled to meet another one. He took the time to see his friends running up the boarding ramp and was glad. He could die here knowing they had managed to escape. 
Another sword swept down and he parried upwards, punching the assailant at the same time and then spun to his right and deflected another blow. They were all on him now and there was no chance of him fighting them all off. Nothing more than keeping them busy until the ship sailed. Even now he could hear the bell ringing urgently for cast off. He was succeeding.
But he wasn’t dead yet, nor would he be. He spun left and stabbed a red cloak before spinning left to miss a sword. He leapt sideways and attacked another red cloak. By thunder they seemed to be multiplying! But he only need hold on a little longer, the ship would sail.
And then the crowd of red cloaks burst apart. He spun and parried a sword, slashed his own, dived backwards and saw.
The shimmering cloak swept out and back, the sword glinted in the sun as the Shadow Ranger struck at the red cloaks. He whirled again as two swords clashed into his and Bell swiped at another. 
And then the red cloaks were in a loose circle around the two back-to-back men.
“Took your time,” Bell noted.
“Were diverted,” Mattaeus replied.
“And Alura?”
“Should be on the ship by now.”
“Which I see we have missed,” Bell noted seeing the ship pulling away.
“How is your swimming?”
Bell laughed.
“I come from the forests.”
“Ahh,” the Shadow Ranger said. “Then you will not get far.”
“Is it you?” one of the red cloaks asked.
“It usually is,” Mattaeus replied.
“Yes,” the red cloak said pulling her hood back. “It usually is, is it not?”
“Tocoda.”
“It is I.”
“Then you already know to pull your women back.”
“Women?” Bell asked surprised. “And you know this person?”
“If you are a friend of the Shadow Ranger you should know he knows many.”
“I am learning that, miss,” Bell nodded.
“So you are both back in the open,” Tocoda said.
“We are, but what is it that you are doing?”
“We come for what is in your midst.”
“That is not going to happen,” Mattaeus warned.
“You will not stand in our way, Shadow Ranger.”
“I already am, Tocoda, and you are not going to walk through me.”
“This ends not here, Shadow Ranger.”
“What are you doing? This is not you,” Mattaeus said.
“The time has come for him to walk again and then the peoples of this World will be free,” Tocoda said waving her sword at him.
“Oh, no. No, Tocoda. This is foolishness, nothing can be gained from it,” the Shadow Ranger pleaded.
“We will achieve all,” she told them and then with a nod of her head the red cloaks scattered.
Bell and Mattaeus were left standing there; the Dock Guard stood to their left with swords drawn, not really sure what to do.
“We should leave,” Bell suggested.
“Agreed,” Mattaeus nodded and they took off in a run for the streets.
%%%
“Alura,” Kaitlin cried as she ran into her sister’s embrace. 
“Where is Bell?” Lucas demanded.
“Mattaeus is with him,” she said breaking from Kaitlin.
“By thunder,” Lucas cursed.
“Be of cheer, Man Mountain,” d’Gaz grasped his massive shoulder. “Together they will join us.”
“How did you get on the ship?” Dylan asked.
“A Magician’s charm, young Guardian,” she smiled.
“How will they get to us though?” he asked.
“They will find a way, Son,” his Father said and wrapped an arm around him. “Soon we will all be together again.”
“But what of those red people?”
“They are a trouble,” d’Gaz admitted. “But no match for Bell and Mattaeus, that is for sure.”
“You know them, do you not?” Lucas asked.
“Perhaps,” d’Gaz said. “Let us find somewhere to talk.”
%%%
“Now you talk, Shadow Ranger,” Bell demanded as they sat in an inn.
“Of what?”
“Give not me that. Who is she? They know you, they know d’Gaz.”
“d’Gaz?”
“They attacked him and Lucas, but fled at his name.”
“No wonder,” Mattaeus mused.
“Then tell me.”
“There are times for all things, Bell, you know that.”
“I am tired of these games.”
“So you have always been, have you learned nothing from the command I gave you?”
“I have learned that I am not worthy of it and that I am never away from your shadow.”
“Then you have learned nothing,” the Shadow Ranger said leaning forward.
“And what is it that I should learn? That you and d’Gaz lie?”
“That Sylvae is even now freeing itself from tyrannical reign because of something one man started long ago.”
“That is not how the Worlds work.”
“It is exactly how the Worlds work, seeds are planted and it takes time, rain and Sun to bring them to bloom.”
“I do not want to hear this,” Bell said leaning forward.
“No, you want to hide in your perceived failings.”
“And what of you Shadow Ranger? Everyone knows you and yet you hide in the shadows.”
Mattaeus leant back.
“Oh, what now?” Bell asked. “You can berate me, but I not you?”
“I knew her a long time ago, too long ago; she is a wanderer like I am.”
“So why is she attacking us?”
The Shadow Ranger sighed.
“You have to realise that things changed; a long time ago, the birth of a new age after the Wars of The Great End. There was turmoil.”
“Forgive me,” Bell interrupted. “The Wars of the Great End?”
“These things have been lost to most.”
“How old are you?”
“Not old enough to know better,” Mattaeus shrugged.
“I still know not what you are saying.”
“There are still people left over from that time, struggling in a new existence and the shifting of the Balance is felt by them all.”
“So you are saying that there are people like you, coming out of the woodwork?”
“I suppose so,” the Shadow Ranger nodded. “Still struggling to find purpose, to survive.”
“Well right now we need to find a ship and chase the others,” Bell reminded him and he nodded.

CHAPTER VIII

They had been on the ship for two weeks and were once again nearing land. The trip had been eventless and they spent most of their time relaxing. They had aches, cuts and bruises to let heal and good food to eat, not knowing when the next decent meal would come.
Connor had spent time with Kaitlin when she wasn’t with her sister. Dylan had practiced sword fighting with d’Gaz when he wasn’t walking the boat or talking to the captain.
Lucas, d’Gaz and Connor had sat down in the galley on the first day of the trip and talked.
“Be honest with us,” Connor told d’Gaz.
“So be it, but I cannot say anything for sure.”
“Already with the lies,” Lucas said. He was already edgy leaving Dylan with Kaitlin and Alura.
“No. I merely mean that I know nothing for sure, just what I suspect.”
“Well, that is better than nothing,” Connor told him.
“I know not who the red cloaks are, but I fear that they somehow work for the Fury of Medraza,” he looked at Lucas who just shrugged.
“Your face says Lucas should have heard of this Fury of Medraza,” Connor said.
“No,” d’Gaz sighed. “I guess it was a long time ago and on a different World.”
“So who is this person?” Lucas asked.
“We fought once. Tore up the Worlds. Once he was a man, a friend, but he made deals with the Dark World, some say with Nargel himself.”
“Nargel? Didn’t you say something about him at Kaitlin’s house?” Connor asked Lucas.
“Yes and displeased the Shadow Ranger. I am starting to see why,” Lucas nodded.
“He is now the Lord of the Dark World,” d’Gaz explained.
“Now?” Lucas asked.
“It was not always such,” d’Gaz said. “Perhaps Medraza’s deal had something to do with his taking power.”
“This is getting a little too much for me,” Connor admitted.
“There is a rich history and myth in the Worlds now, but so much more before that too, it would take a great mind to hold it all.”
“So how does this affect us? This Fury?” Lucas asked.
“I do not know that. It is only a feeling. I was thinking about him, it, just before these red cloaks attacked us. And anyway, I defeated Medraza in this World so long ago. I assumed he, it, was dead.”
“Well, let us hope that is the truth,” Lucas said.   
%%%
And now they were at their journey’s end and land was in sight. Another port, Dylan thought, and was amazed that such things had become so normal to him. Boring almost.
But then in the last port there had been those red cloaks, had they gotten rid of them now? Surely they couldn’t be waiting for them on this new country. Labansia, Kaitlin had said it was called. This was where the Magician’s Star was, this was where their real quest started and yet they had already been through so much. Life seemed somehow easier on Sylvae, more pleasant than this desert world. He wanted to go back there, back to Kaitlin and Alura’s house and stay there. Lucas and Bell could come to visit and d’Gaz when he wasn’t roaming the seas.
He could see a large school of fish swimming alongside the ship and he watched them, trying not think of anything.
Lucas sat in the shade watching Dylan. Even he had the wit to know that the Guardian needed some time alone and he was quite happy to have a rest. He did not like all the talk of this Fury; did they not have enough to contend with? And talks of deals with Nargel? Lucas had never thought of Nargel and the Dark World as anything but myth, but then the Shadow Ranger had been so angry with him at the Twin Magician’s house. He had only used a common phrase, after all. What was the problem? And now d’Gaz talks of Nargel as if he is real. And still he would not have believed all such talk as anything more than superstition if he had not seen the Princess of the Forests himself. And then his dream about the Princess of Earth and Stone, but that was merely a dream. Was it not? He was not sure of anything anymore.
%%%
Bell and Mattaeus were only a day behind the others having bought passage on a cargo ship. The Shadow Ranger had become a recluse for the journey, which left Bell to wander the ship alone. It was more pleasant than he would have thought, they dined with the Captain who was most interested in the two of them and the sailors did not begrudge them. Especially when they helped out with the chores of the ship. 
It was in the last days of their journey that he found her. He was in the hold, just wandering between the multitudes of crates when he heard her scuttle. It was not a rat for he knew the sounds of creatures; no it was a human.
“You may as well show yourself,” Bell called. “I am between you and the door and you cannot go out there anyway, can you?”
There was silence.
“I am merely a passenger on this ship, I mean you no harm.”
A shuffling noise and then a woman appeared from behind crates.
“I could kill you now,” she said.
“Why would you do that?”
And then she walked closer and he saw that it was her.
“To stop you from killing me,” she said.
“You are Tocoda; that is what the Shadow Ranger called you.”
“That is my name, yes,” she replied clutching her side.
“You are injured.”
“What of it?”
“Let me help you,” Bell said and she laughed.
“You think I will trust you?”
“I am not in the killing game.”
“Oh no?”
“If my hand is forced, but it is not forced to help you.”
She looked into his aura; at first she had thought it dull, but now she saw that it was masked by terrible sadness and as she looked deeper she could see that he was honest, that he would help. Even her, an enemy.
“So be it then, archer.”
“I will be back,” he said and left.
She sat down in the shadows. Despite his aura, he could now be gathering sailors or the Shadow Ranger to capture or kill her. But it mattered not, her wound had bled a lot and it had been hard for her to get out and find food and water. The blood had clotted, but the pain was constant. She was thankful to this man who would help her, even though doing so would make her well enough to fight him once again.
He came back just as he said, with some water, alcohol and bandages.
“Where did you get all this?” she asked.
“They will miss it not. Now, lift up your top so I can see.”
“This is most ungentlemanly,” she smiled.
“I will try not to look,” Bell said and he meant it. He felt very uncomfortable seeing and touching her unclothed flesh.
But she lifted her top anyway and Bell could see that it was a nasty wound, though not deep. She was more in danger of infection than anything else.”
“I am sorry,” he said.
“For what?”
“For causing this.”
“Or maybe it was your Shadow Ranger friend,” she smiled again.
“Either way.”
“Either way I caused this by attacking you. And do you think that it will not happen again when we make land fall?”
“That is not my concern. Infection is my concern right now,” he looked into her eyes. “Or your concern.”
“I am dispensable, my cause is not,” she winced as he applied the alcohol to clean the wound.
“No one is dispensable,” Bell shook his head and wiped the wound. “What cause makes you think like this?”
“You think I will give away my secrets?”
He looked her in the eye again.
“I really care not, I have my own Quest to be on with. I have not the time to play games or to worry on others.”
“And yet you are helping me here and now,” she frowned.
“Well, yes. By thunder, I know not what I think, but I’ve learned to help those around me. Whatever it is you feel you must do, you do. But if you try to harm my friends then we will fight.”
“That is the way of the Worlds and we wish not to harm, but to save. Save this World from the Chinerthians.”
“Well then,” he said applying the bandage, “we are on the same side, as that is our Quest also.”
“And how will you manage to do that?” Tocoda asked.
“You think I will give away my secrets?” he smiled at her.
“So what will you do now?” she asked feeling the bandage as he stepped away.
“Find you some food and water, we are only days away from land.”
“And you will tell the Shadow Ranger.”
“I will.”
“He will come for me.”
“I did not say when I would tell him.”
And with that Bell turned and left. He could talk to her no longer, knowing that he might see her again from the point of her sword.
%%%
“She will be gone by now anyway,” Bell said as they got ready to depart the ship.
“You are endangering the Foreshadow,” Mattaeus said crossly.
“And you would have done the same, I am learning. From you, from Dylan, from all of us.”
The Shadow Ranger sighed. Yes he was. Yes, he would have done the same. All these things must play out and cold-blooded murder was not a part of that.
“You are right,” he said. “I do not, however, want the consequences of this action to fall on your shoulders.”
“It is too late for that now, more importantly we need to find the others.”
“Then let us go.” 
%%%
After the Foreshadow had once again been rejoined and had set out for Hokino’s Capital City, Btolomy was riding across the countryside of Sylvae. Everywhere he went he could see signs of battles fought and won. Skirmishes and retreats were still to be found, but it seemed the war was, for now, over and that the Sylvaens had come out victorious. 
It was funny, he thought, that after all these years it could be so easy. But then he knew that the Balance had changed, not a lot, but just enough. Though they did not feel it, it had changed how people felt. They had a strength and courage that they had not known for years, and the Magic of the forests were growing again.
There in the distance he could see, as he rode over a hill, a battle raging. Chinerthians fighting not only other men and women, but also a group of Chuntik. Even they were willing to join man in order to free their World, brandishing tree trunks as weapons and howling in the rage of war. 
But he did not stop. He had places to go and still a long way in his journey. He wondered what was happening in the other Worlds; if Sylvae was feeling the change of the Balance then so must Chinerthia. Surely the Black Queen was aware of it and even now looking for the causes, even now looking for him, for the Shadow Ranger, for others like them. Those who cast long shadows through history.
And he realised that though it would delay him, though it could make him a target for that sweeping gaze, he had to go to the Alter of Delatarius. Had to pledge himself there to the Quest he was setting out on.
%%%
The town of Haver’s Wish was their next stop and Dylan was looking forward to getting off of the horse he rode with Lucas. This had been the longest part of their journey in Hokino so far. It had been long since they had left the port town of Uvin and it felt even longer.
They had all been so happy when the Shadow Ranger and Bell had found them. It had been because of Kaitlin, she had found an inn called the Sailor’s Wait and it was an obvious place for the two of them to check first.
When they had eaten, Mattaeus had spoken of the danger of the red cloaks and that they may be here also. Alura then told him she had contacted Thunderground and that they were to go to Haver’s Wish before going to the Capital City.
Now they had reached their destination and had fed and watered their horses. They sat in the quiet inn and ate a meal.
“What did he wish for?” Dylan asked.
“Who?” Lucas asked back.
“Haver.”
“No idea, this is not my World,” Lucas shrugged. “You know you should be asking Mattaeus or d’Gaz.”
“What did he wish for?” Dylan asked the table.
“Haver?” Mattaeus asked.
“Yeah.”
“A quiet life,” Mattaeus replied.
“Oh, come now, Mattaeus, would even you let such a yarn go untold?” d’Gaz protested.
“I am not the storyteller here, d’Gaz,” the Shadow Ranger smiled gently.
“Well,” d’Gaz said leaning in. “Haver was said to be a great warrior, one such as this World has never seen before or since. It was something to do with his birth, he was born that way, just as some are good at Mathematics; some are good at archery.
“Well, the High Council of this World wanted to use such a great warrior to best their foes. This was back when the Hokinoans were just starting out. And so he fought, they say he almost single-handedly won this World for the people you see here today.”
“Against the Chinerthians?” Dylan asked.
“Oh, no, this was before, when people were just settling. Anyway, the High Council wanted to claim it was their brains that had won the war, show the people they were the ones to lead and gave him nothing for his deeds. Instead he was left to wander, but people still knew who he was. They challenged him to fights all the time, everywhere he went.”
“Why?”
“It would be a great honour to be the man or woman who defeated Haver and the Council did not like having him still around. He was too powerful.”
“Why not just kill him?” Connor asked, sucked into the story.
“Could not. He was too well known; it would have been a disaster for them. So they waited.
“And Haver grew tired of the constant fighting, all he wanted to do was settle down. And finally he found a small town that accepted him because he saved them from a group of robbers that plagued the village. He thought he could now rest, settle down and live the quiet life.”
“What happened?” Dylan asked.
“Well, he got his wish, years went by and he farmed, found a wife and his legend died out. But it was that legend that had kept him alive and one day the High Council felt they could attack him and no one would care.
“So one day the soldiers attacked and Haver fought them. All of them. And he saved the town, but at the expense of his own life. In the end he got his wish, a final resting place.”
“Wow,” Dylan breathed. What a great story, a true hero, but so sad. None of the stories he had heard ended happily. Not like in the books and films on Earth.
%%%
The next day they were set to meet with Thunderground and had planned a day of rest, but Kaitlin and Alura called them together in the morning.
“What is wrong?” Mattaeus asked.
“Last night, early this morning, I felt a shudder in the Magic.”
“What does this mean?” Lucas asked.
“It is hard to describe, but something happened. Like throwing a stone in a pond, ripples spread out.”
“Did you feel this?” Mattaeus asked Alura.
“Yes and no. The Magic is in flux with the changing of the Balance and I did not take note of it.”
“But now I look beyond the cloak of the flux, I realise that this is the second such Magical event,” Kaitlin told them.
“What could it be?” Connor asked her.
“I know not, other than someone with powerful Magic is using it. Delatarius. That echoes through my thoughts, does it mean anything?”
“Yes,” Mattaeus said. “He was a Wizard who set up an alter to the Righteous on Sylvae. It is a sacred place for Magicians and Wizards.”
“Then why have we not heard of it?” Alura asked.
“It is very old and any belief in such spiritual things is a new resurgence. It was long forgotten.”
“So how does this affect us?” Bell asked.
“At this time it does not.”
“Yes, it does,” Alura said. “Such a ripple will be felt by the Black Queen.”
“Yes,” nodded Mattaeus, “but by now she will be aware of the change in the Balance, she will already be looking and this may keep her gaze from us. We continue.”
%%%
At lunchtime they sat in the nearly deserted inn. It was a good choice as it meant they could meet without the fear of prying eyes or ears.
Thunderground entered and sat.
“Things are moving swiftly, we must go and meet with the Stone Hunters. Take different routes to the Eastern Road out of the town.”
And with that he got up and left.
They made it nearly to the end of the Eastern Road and the outskirts of the city when the red cloaks attacked. They came running from buildings and alleyways with drawn swords and the Foreshadow barely had time to draw their own when their attackers were upon them. 
They met steel with steel and formed a circle with Dylan in the middle. Bell lunged, Mattaeus swiped and Lucas swung. D’Gaz dodged as Alura threw a ball of Magic. The red cloaks fell, but there were more to take their place.
“Tocoda!” Bell shouted, but none of them acknowledged.
“She could not have got here fast enough to arrange this,” the Shadow Ranger said as he ducked a blade and parried.
Kaitlin dueled with a red cloak, kicking her back, but was grabbed by another.
“No,” shouted Connor and stabbed the red cloak. Bile rose in his throat and he coughed it back as d’Gaz deflected a sword that would have killed him.
The circle was coming apart and Lucas put Dylan between himself and a wall as he swung his massive axe.
More red cloaks were trying to encircle Alura and Kaitlin who now stood back to back.
“The Twins,” shouted Bell and Mattaeus jumped and ducked and swung at the attackers.
Bell managed to best his opponent and duel with one of the red cloaks trying to get to the Twin Magicians. 
d’Gaz had his hands full with three red cloaks and was pinned down, slashing and swiping with his sword.
Connor managed to find a hole in the red cloaks and grabbed Kaitlin’s hand, pulling her away to Dylan who he grabbed with the other hand and ran. Lucas swung his mighty axe again and followed.
Alura blasted a red cloak with a magic ball point blank and the rest fell back. 
The Shadow Ranger grabbed Alura’s hand and pulled her along the road toward Lucas, who guarded the others. d’Gaz and Bell backed off, keeping their swords between the red cloaks and the others.
“Keep going,” the Shadow Ranger commanded Lucas. “Get them away.”
They continued to edge backwards as the red cloaks followed, but they were shy of anymore fighting and then, as one, they turned and fled back into the shadows.

CHAPTER IX

“This is most vexing,” Thunderground said.
“It can be expected in such times,” Mattaeus replied.
“Yes,” Thunderground nodded. “So be it. We have people to meet.”
Thunderground had brought horses having said something about not trusting those that were unknown to them.
Dylan thought that was weird, horses couldn’t be bad guys. Could they? They didn’t even talk. But then this was a World of magic, a World he did not know, maybe horses could talk, or communicate somehow. That made him kinda sad, that even the horses they rode might be against them. And how did Thunderground know which were good horses and which were bad? Could he speak horse? Was that possible?
These things he thought as they rushed over a plain of hard sand. To his left he could see sand dunes like mountains sparkling in the sun and he wondered how could people live in a place like this? Why wouldn’t they move to Sylvae with its cool forests and snowcapped mountains?
And then he saw a group of sand dunes to their right and they were turning towards them. In only a little while they were looming over them, tall as hills and he could make out a cave opening at the base of one of them. Was that where they were going? He thought so.
And he thought right. The Foreshadow, led by Thunderground headed straight for the cave and then, suddenly, they were in darkness and they stopped. There were two men, Stormclouds, inside with torches and they took the horse reins as they all dismounted.
“This way,” Thunderground said and led them deeper into the cave.
It turned out to be more of a tunnel and Dylan noted that someone had attached torches to the walls. Now the tunnel opened up to a big chamber; it must be nearly as big as the whole dune, he thought, not a dune, but a cave covered in sand. It was cold despite the torches and as he craned his neck he could see that the roof was lost in darkness. Instead he looked forward and saw that there was a long table with three figures sitting.
They walked up to the table and the man in the middle bade them sit. Which they did.
“So, after all these years, we have progressed,” said the woman sitting to the left.
“And sadly not of our doing,” the man in the middle replied.
“Who are you?” Dylan asked. 
He liked their sand coloured clothes; light with some kind of built in scarf probably used to cover their faces from the sand.
“We are the Stone Hunters,” the man to the right said.
“But what stones are you hunting?”
“You are wise, young Guardian,” the woman said.
“Why?”
“Because you ask questions. Many adults are too afraid to seek answers.”
“My son is right,” Connor said. “We are here and yet know nothing of what we are dealing with.”
“The Stones of Aremis,” the man on the left said. “You have not told them of such things, Shadow Ranger?”
“So you know who I am,” Mattaeus replied.
“We made an assumption. Your aura is strong.”
“It should not be so,” Mattaeus said.
“But the Balance is changing, the Magic is growing and you are ‘the storm building over the ocean’ as it is written.”
“We have not the time here,” the middle man told Dylan, “to fully explain, but I will expect your companions to tell you as you travel.”
“So what is the news?” Bell asked.
“The Magician’s Star is willing to see you, but they are cagey.”
“They still trust us not?” d’Gaz asked.
The man shook his head, but the woman spoke.
“They have lost so much; they are fearful of losing more. They want things done in their own way and you are a surprise.”
“Foolish politicians are foolish politicians the Worlds over,” Lucas grumbled.
“Perhaps,” the man in the middle shrugged again. “But we are on your side.”
“That is what I wanted to hear,” Thunderground said. “I must be back to Sylvae before it burns.”
The Shadow Ranger nodded.
“But think not that your adventures with us have ended.”
“I hope not,” Thunderground smiled, got up, nodded at them all and left.
“Then we ride to meet the Star,” Alura said.
“We do,” the middle man nodded. “I am The Huntsman, Dalius; she is Rythium and he is Calk.”
“It’s nice to meet you,” Dylan said.
The Huntsman laughed.
“It is nice to meet you too, young Guardian, do you, too, have a name?”
“My apologies,” Bell said. “This is Dylan of the Shed and his Father, Connor of the Shed. I am Bell and this is Lucas, Protector of the Guardian.”
Lucas nodded his head.
“And these are the Twin Magicians, Alura and Kaitlin.”
“Yes, I feel your magic strongly,” the woman, Rythium, said.
“That is something of concern,” Alura said.
“It is,” Dalius said. “We have not felt such things in a long time. But even you are overshadowed by the storm over the ocean,” he looked at Mattaeus.
“You have it wrong, that is not I.”
“Come now,” Dalius said.
“We are the Change of the Balance,” the Shadow Ranger said, “but nothing more.”
“So be it,” Dalius nodded. “Then so are we. The Change of the Balance.”
%%%
Before they rode on, Dalius was given a message.
“Chinerthians are moving toward the Portal in large numbers,” he told them.
“That is a good thing for us,” Mattaeus said.
“Not for Sylvae,” Lucas reprimanded.
“Apologies, Lucas.”
“Come now, Man Mountain,” d’Gaz slapped his shoulder. “Sylvae can hold its own and we ride to save it.”
“I would prefer my axe to be there.”
“And I would prefer it here,” d’Gaz smiled.
“Ah, yes, I forget you only carry a woman’s blade,” Lucas shrugged.
“Be careful of your words, Man Mountain,” Alura warned.
“Your magic can confound my brain, but not my steel,” Lucas grumbled and Alura smiled.
“Do not test me.”
“I would not, Magician, as a frog I would struggle to carry my axe.”
Connor laughed.
“You are a miserable wit, Lucas, I would have no other by my side.”
Lucas smiled.
“I always thought I could be an entertainer.”
“Then think not too hard, Man Mountain,” d’Gaz laughed.
“Perhaps I will wish to be a ship’s captain; it seems anyone can do that.”
d’Gaz laughed.
“Let us jest no more and ride,” Calk said from his horse.
%%%
Tocoda knew of the attempt to capture the Magician in Haver’s Wish, but had not stayed to help. Instead she had ridden on to beat them to the Capital City, Golgathlind. 
But she was not sure what she would do there when she arrived. She had spent so many years wandering the Worlds, much like the one she wished revenge upon and yet in doing so she had become much like him. She had seen the misery of oppression and slowly she had come to help, to fight against the Chinerthian rule wherever she could. And then she had discovered the Cult of Warena and the promises they were given.
She had already felt a change in the Balance; she knew that there were plans being put into action, games were being played and she had thought that the time had come to see her own plans come to fruition. And so she had joined the Cult on their mission to free Hokino from the Chinerthians, something she would see happen anyway, but she also understood what the Cult was doing better than anyone else in it. Perhaps the priestesses knew, but if they did it was stories of old, myths and legends at odds to the promises given unto them.
But she knew. Or thought she did and she thought that it would bring him out. 
Except…
Except she wasn’t so sure. Oh, she was sure he would come for it, but there were doubts in the back of her mind that this was the right thing to do, doubts that she tried to push away. She had helped so many people, but would this help them more? Would this really banish the Chinerthians for good or cause the peoples of the Worlds more grief? She didn’t want to think about it, she wanted to wallow in her grief and anger and enjoy the fruition of all her fantasies.
And yet…
And then she had met him and some of the anger had drained away. He was doing the same as she, trying to rid the Worlds of the Chinerthians, but more importantly, she had met Bell. Kind, naïve, strong and sad Bell. She felt small and young and foolish in his presence; her fantasies were shown for their pettiness in his light and he followed the Shadow Ranger, believed in him. 
And more than that he was in a group, a group that she could feel were powerful, could this be the reason for the change in the Balance? And amongst them was the Magician, more powerful than anything she had felt in a long time, a power that could be used to the Cult’s ends and that was how she had found them. It was just chance, was it not? But then she knew that, for all her talk, the Lady had her own designs and was not as neutral as she liked to make out. What if, putting aside her grievances, this was a true way to change the Balance, defeat the Chinerthians? What if her actions were a threat to that?
But could she trust the Shadow Ranger or his piratical friend? History had taught her no and her head began to hurt with the dance of it all. She hoped that she would have time to rest and think as the city arose on the horizon.
CHAPTER X

Golgathlind was a red city of tall towers and spires set in a plain of sand. In the distance, mountains of the same red rock encircled the city. It was like nothing Dylan had ever seen, an urban oasis in a sea of nothingness. As they got closer the city grew and he began to see that there was more to the city; that it spread out in what he thought of as the suburbs. One story square houses with flat roofs made of the same stone and it was amongst these that they now entered. People walked the streets along with donkeys and animals that looked like camels, but with longer, almost spade shaped heads.
There were markets here and people busily shopping as the warm wind buffeted the material coverings of the stands. They rode through and Dylan was glad again that the Stone Hunters had given them scarves that they could wrap around their heads and faces to keep out the sand. But now it was more the smell from the animals he was glad to keep out.
The city was large, the suburbs seemed to go on forever, almost the same, but broken up with squares that held large ornamental pools from which people gathered water in jars.
“There is water under the desert,” Kaitlin said riding up next to him and Lucas.
“Then how is it desert?” Lucas asked.
“They say that the land dried up with the Magic.”
“That still doesn’t make sense,” Dylan said.
“Agreed,” Lucas agreed.
“I too agree,” she smiled.
Finally they approached the towers and spires that loomed over the city and Dylan could see that a wall ran around this part of the city with gates. Chinerthian guards stood as sentries at the gate they passed through, but were not stopping people.
They finally stopped at an inn and took their horses to be rested and fed. Almost as soon as they were seated the Stone Hunters left again telling them to wait.
“We spend a lot of time sitting in inns,” Connor said and d’Gaz laughed.
“Worse places to spend your time,” he said.
The waitress brought them cups of water and glasses of wine.
“What is this?” Lucas asked.
“It’s wine,” Bell said.
“What of ale?”
“They do not make ale this far from the Portals, it is too dry,” d’Gaz explained.
“No ale?” he asked astonished. “How do they live?”
“Very differently,” the Shadow Ranger smiled.
“So what of,” Bell looked around, “those we are to meet?”
Mattaeus smiled again.
“No need to be coy here, Bell, the Magician’s Star is not underground, it is still the governing body.”
“How so?” Connor asked.
“No rebellion, they let them rule under a Chinerthian Consul.”
Bell’s face fell and he looked into his wine.
“Be not sad, Bell,” Alura said.
“By thunder, I would rather have tried and failed than never tried at all,” Lucas agreed.
“Perhaps,” Bell said and drank.
“Lucas is right, they had so much power, so much Magic and yet they folded,” Kaitlin said. “They let their pride cripple them in every way.”
“Well, how do we go about this then?” Bell asked. “Come in to save a proud people?”
“Carefully, very carefully,” Mattaeus said. “But for now, d’Gaz, you and Alura have work to do.”
“We do?” d’Gaz asked.
“Yes, the Cult of Warena will have their base somewhere here.”
“So, you knew,” d’Gaz said.
“Certain facts came to light.”
“Such as?”
“What is this cult that I am to search for?” Alura demanded.
“They wish to raise the Fury of Medraza,” Mattaeus said.
“Tocoda,” Bell said. “She is the ‘fact come to light’. Why? Because you know her? Do you think she is here?”
“I suspect, yes,” Mattaeus nodded.
“Then I must go.”
“You cannot find her just like that, Bell, but find her we must.”
“I am missing a lot here,” Connor said.
“Yes,” Mattaeus nodded.
“So?” Connor asked.
“The red cloaks are, I strongly suspect, the Cult of Warena. One of them is a woman named Tocoda, I knew her many years ago. Being in this World she would have felt the Balance shift and joined the Cult to overthrow the Chinerthians.”
“Yes,” Bell said. “She told me as much.”
“You have spoken to her?” Lucas asked surprised.
“But then they are on our side,” Connor said.
“No,” Mattaeus shook his head. “The Cult of Warena is named after their leader, a Magician, and she has only one goal, to free the Fury of Medraza.”
“Who is this Fury?” Alura asked.
“An old enemy of mine,” d’Gaz said. “Come, Alura, let us go a-looking and I will explain more.”
“Be safe,” Bell told them and with a nod they left.
“What of us?” Kaitlin asked.
“We wait,” Mattaeus said. “You can contact your sister when the time comes.”
“I am going for a walk,” Bell said standing suddenly.
“It is not wise,” the Shadow Ranger warned.
“But it is needed,” Bell replied and left.
“What is wrong with Bell?” Dylan asked.
“He has a lot on his mind,” Mattaeus said.
%%%
Bell walked through the streets from Sun to the shadows of the towers and back. He thought about his past, the mistakes he had made trying to start a rebellion he was not cut out to lead. He thought of Tocoda, a woman also trying to start a rebellion. A rebellion that could lead to the unleashing of a terrible enemy; was she a part of that? From his brief meeting with her he thought not. Surely she would know that doing such a thing would not free them from the Chinerthians.
He walked another corner, planning to complete a block and arrive where he started.
“My doctor,” someone called, but he took no notice. “My doctor,” she called again and Bell looked around. It was her. Standing in the thin gap between two ornate buildings. 
He looked around and then walked over while she in turn crept back into the shadows.
“This cannot be coincidence, the city to too vast,” Bell said.
“I can sense your aura.”
“In such crowds, you must have a powerful gift,” but she shook her head and looked at the floor.
“Your touch,” she said quietly. “Your healing touch on my flesh has connected us more powerfully.”
He smiled.
“You are embarrassed, lady.”
“As you should be too,” she looked up at him. “But there are more urgent things to discuss.”
“That you are trying to free this Fury of Medraza.”
“Yes, but I have been a fool,” she frowned deeply having admitted it aloud. “I want what you want, my doctor, to free the Worlds,” she almost pleaded.
“How long have you been with this cult?”
“Not long. Since I felt a change in the Balance, but now I see that there is a better way in your group.”
“Then join us,” he said, but she shook her head.
“I know not that I can leave this Cult so easily, but I tell you this, they need a powerful Magician to break the Fury’s bonds. Your Magician.”
Kaitlin and Alura. They had been after the twins all this time.
“I must return to my friends.”
“Yes. I will try to help you if I can.”
“I will see you again,” Bell said and turned.
“My doctor,” she spoke and he looked back. “I know not your name.”
“I am Bell, how do we go?”
“It is well,” she smiled and then Bell was gone.
%%%
“And how are we to find this Cult?” Alura asked.
“Feel into the Magic,” d’Gaz said.
“There is a lot of magic in this World, it is a confusing swirl.”
“Sort through it, look for a scarlet thread that pulses black.”
She stopped.
“How do you know of such things?” she asked.
“I am aware of how Magicians can see the Worlds,” he replied.
She closed her eyes and delved into the Magic. It was everywhere, it seeped out of the very ground and the stone from which the buildings were made. She concentrated and yes, there in the tangle was the thread of which d’Gaz spoke. It grew in definition as she concentrated on it, became clearer to her. No, not because she had found it, because it was closing in on her.
Her eyes snapped open.
“They are coming,” she said.
And then there they were, three women in red cloaks, their heads covered, faces masked.
“Come on,” d’Gaz urged as he grabbed her hand and ran left.
Another red cloak appeared to their right and they ran past. Now another two were ahead of them in the crowds, forcing them to turn left again.
They ran down the street, weaving through the people.
“We must get back to the others,” d’Gaz said.
“I think that is what they are trying to prevent,” Alura replied as they ran.
“We cannot get into a fight with them.”
“So we will go through them,” Alura said.
They ran on and again there were two red cloaks ahead of them.
“Do not stop,” Alura commanded and they ran straight at the red cloaks.
Two more appeared to their left and those in front put hands to swords. As they got close Alura fired a small ball of Magic at them that threw one left, one right. 
They ran through the hole as the other red cloaks ran to meet them. 
“Onwards, onwards,” Alura shouted, “we are nearly there.”
d’Gaz looked back, but the red cloaks were falling behind.
They pulled up short in front of the inn and caught their breath. d’Gaz looked around, but there was no sign of the red cloaks. Perhaps they were aware of the rest of the group; they had certainly known where he and Alura were. Or perhaps just Alura, he thought and looked at her.
She smiled at him.
“Well that was fun.”
“Fun is not the word I would have used.”
“Come now, d’Gaz, where is that pirate spirit?”
He laughed.
“I must have left it in bed this morning.”
“Well that will not do, we cannot let things grow dull,” she smiled. “Come let us enter.”
They walked in and found the others where they had been, but Bell was talking seriously.
“There you are,” Bell said as they sat. “I have unhappy news.”
“The red cloaks are after the Twins,” d’Gaz said.
“How did you know?” Connor asked.
“We just had a run in with them,” Alura told them.
“Are you alright?” Kaitlin asked.
“Merely a morning exercise.”
“And how do you know they are after the Magicians?” Bell asked.
“They seemed to know where we were, I assume it is Alura they could sense.”
“Yes,” Bell said and proceeded to fill them in on his meeting with Tocoda.
Dylan had already heard this and stopped listening. He didn’t like that there were people trying to get Kaitlin; didn’t like the idea that any one of them might be hunted. He didn’t like the sound of this Fury of Medraza either.
He didn’t want Kaitlin to be in danger, but he didn’t want her to leave either. He didn’t want to lose her he thought and then thought of his Mum. 
He hadn’t thought of her in a long while, once or twice before he slept maybe, wondering if she might be here somewhere. But this World didn’t seem like a better place. He had lost her and now he was scared that he would lose Kaitlin too. 
They couldn’t let these red cloaks win; they had to stop them he thought as Bell finished talking.
“Well, this is an added burden on us,” d’Gaz said.
“Such things were not unsuspected,” Mattaeus said. “But the change in Balance will bring good as well as evil.”
The Huntsman, Dalius entered and sat.
“You have been given pass to see the Magician’s Star,” he said. “Tomorrow morning at Sunrise.”
“So be it,” Mattaeus said.
“I am gone again,” Dalius said, got up and left.
%%%
They spent the afternoon walking around the city. It was dangerous, but as a group Mattaeus thought they would be safe. 
Connor suggested that Lucas take Dylan into a museum that stood near the centre of the city, part of a square of ornate buildings.
“Is it safe?” Dylan asked.
“Yes,” Bell said. “With Lucas with you.”
“I am not one for study,” Lucas frowned.
“But Dylan is and I think he would love to find out more about this World,” Connor said.
“Very well,” Lucas said and the two of them walked over to the museum.
They walked in and Dylan was struck by how very like it was to the museums he had been to in England. There were artifacts everywhere, some in glass cases, some not. There was a tall statue of someone who could have been a king. Just like on Earth, the artifacts had labels explaining what the thing was. He read the one for the statue; it must have been as tall as his house.
“Widely considered to be a Chonbium King, date unknown,” he read out. “Who are the Chonbium?”
“Beats me,” Lucas said. “Tall though, would not think you could miss them.”
Dylan laughed and Lucas smiled.
They walked into another room that held some ruins at the back and glass cases of artifacts and weapons. He looked around and found a sign above the door that told him it was the Klion Era.
Another sign told him that the Klion Era was the start of the present Hokino People on this World.
“Lots of weapons,” Lucas said looking at a jagged sword.
“They were fighting for control of the World,” Dylan told him.
“Right.”
They looked at a coffin that was said to hold the remains of someone called Beshpiin. They looked at some pottery and then they were in front of the ruins.
“The remains of the Contraade Fort,” Dylan read. “It says here that this was where a small group of Hokinoans held back a large force of Jerpa warriors before the reinforcements arrived.”
“It is always war, even back then,” Lucas said sadly.
“Come on, let’s find something else,” Dylan tugged him on.
They spent another few hours looking around. They found old clothes and paintings. They found another room of Chonbium artifacts.
“There is a lot here, but all the labels say that they think it’s this or that. Why don’t they know?”
“For the hundredth time, you are asking the wrong person.”
“Sorry.”
Lucas laughed.
“And that is the hundred and first time you have apologised.”
Dylan smiled at him and they walked to another room.
“Look at this,” Dylan said urgently.
“What is it?”
“The sign says that these are alleged to be the effects of the Fury of Medraza.”
“What?” asked Lucas taken aback. “What else does it say?”
Dylan looked around and found another sign that he read quickly.
“What does it say?” Lucas asked.
“It says that there is a legend that a man named Medraza made a pact with Nargel in order to defeat the Demigod Murtagh. He became possessed with Dark Power and they fought over three Worlds until Murtagh defeated the Fury of Medraza in this World. This, legend tells us, was the end of The Settlement Wars.
“These artifacts are supposed to have belonged to Medraza himself. The truth is probably not as exciting and these artifacts no doubt belonged to a great warrior at the beginning of the Hokino peoples.”
“But we know that this is true. d’Gaz said this Medraza was an old enemy of his,” Lucas wondered.
“Could d’Gaz be this Murtagh?”
“I see not d’Gaz as a demigod. For now we keep this to ourselves. It is probably nothing.”
“Sound wisdom,” d’Gaz said from behind them.
They jumped and spun around.
“You’re here,” Dylan said.
“I have come to fetch you for dinner,” d’Gaz smiled.
“But we were just, well, we…” Dylan fumbled.
“Getting carried away in stories of yore,” d’Gaz said. “But come now, there is much to do and see in this time, leave the past be.”

CHAPTER XI

They returned to the inn where they were staying to find that dinner had already been set out and the rest of the Foreshadow was there. They were all smiling and Dylan was confused, everything seemed so bad at the moment.
“Merry Christmas, Son,” his Dad said as he came up and gave him a hug.
“What?” Dylan asked even more confused.
“It’s that time of year, well just abouts,” his Dad smiled.
“Really?”
“Yes and it is close to this time that the Sylvaens celebrate Hastket, though it was banned by the Chinerthians,” Kaitlin said smiling as his Dad took him to a seat.
They ate and drank wine and chatted, everyone seemed to be very happy to celebrate and Bell explained to him it was a festival to of thanks for what the forests had provided through the year, especially through the harvest time.
“I swear to you, it was this big,” d’Gaz said holding open his arms.
“There are no Gundies that big anywhere on Sylvae,” Mattaeus laughed.
“Who saw this catch?” Connor asked.
d’Gaz looked sheepish.
“Well, no one, it flipped back off the ship before anyone could.”
“A likely story,” Lucas said.
“How about a Jalaphay as long as this room?” Alura asked.
“Nonsense,” Bell countered.
“It was,” Kaitlin agreed. “Tried to dig itself a sleeping hole right in our vegetable patch.”
“How about you, Mattaeus?” Dylan asked.
“Well,” Mattaeus leant back and took a sip of wine, “I once fought a Cryaphant.”
“Stuff of children’s stories,” snorted Lucas.
“They are now, oh yes,” Mattaeus nodded.
“What are they?” Dylan asked wide-eyed.
“Shape-shifting Magician,” Mattaeus said. “He stood in the way of me and, well, something I had to get. Every time I attacked he would change into a different animal. If I was quick it would be a snake, if I was slow it was a rhinoceros.”
“How did you kill it?”
“I lured it into the shape of a dog,” Mattaeus leant forward. “A great, slavering dog, its jaws dripping saliva, razor sharp teeth gnashing at me.”
“What did you do?” Lucas asked enraptured.
“We circled. I slowly leant down and picked up a stick and threw it. And the beast chased it.”
Bell laughed.
“You scoundrel,” Lucas cursed.
Connor, Kaitlin and Alura laughed.
“Who knew our Shadow Ranger had a wit,” Alura said.
“We have gifts for you, Dylan,” Kaitlin said.
“Really? Cool.”
“Mattaeus?” she asked.
“Yes,” he felt under his seat and brought out a roughly wrapped package. “Sorry, my wrapping skills are underused.
He looked embarrassed as he handed it over.
“Thanks,” Dylan grinned as he tore off the rough paper. In the middle was a beautiful scabbard with gems woven in. “Wow.”
“The five gems represent the Five Worlds and their colours,” Mattaeus said. “It is a good fit for that blade you carry.”
“You know…” Dylan started, but the Shadow Ranger winked.
“And your Father and I got you this,” Kaitlin said giving him a neatly wrapped package.
He opened it to find a sand coloured long sleeved shirt with a scarf attached.
“To keep the sand out,” his Dad smiled.
“Thanks, Dad. Thank you, Kaitlin.”
“There’s more,” his Dad grinned. “Kaitlin used a little bit of magic on it, the colour changes to fit your background.”
“Really?” Dylan asked Kaitlin. “Like a chameleon? That’s so cool!”
Kaitlin smiled at his Dad, but he was feeling the material.
“It’s strong,” he said.
“And here is from me,” d’Gaz said and handed over a small package.
Dylan opened it and found a compass.
“Cool.”
“Righteous knows I cannot believe I found one of these in this desert world,” d’Gaz said. “Hold it tight when you leave a port and it will point back there wherever you go. As well as North,” he added.
“Thanks, d’Gaz.”
“And finally this is from Lucas and I,” Bell said.
“I thought my gift was to have to learn in a museum,” Lucas grumbled and Bell laughed. “I hope you like it, whatever it is.”
Dylan pulled off the paper to find a piece of rock about two inches long.
“It’s a rock,” Dylan said.
“No,” said Bell. “It is part of a petrified tree.”
“What’s that?”
“It’s a tree that has turned to stone,” his Dad explained.
“How do you know?”
Connor laughed.
“It’s not magic, Son, we have them on Earth. It happens in deserts.”
“That’s so cool.”
“It was the closest thing I could find to remind you of Sylvae and us,” Bell said.
“And I have an extra gift,” Alura said. “Take an end, Dylan, and you too Kaitlin.
They looked at each other, but did as they were told. Alura touched the middle and there was a flash of heat through the stone.
“What happened?” Dylan asked.
“Now the two of you are linked through that stone, you will always be able to find each other. Keep it safe, Dylan.”
She produced a fine, blue purse and gave it to him.
“Thank you,” Dylan said. “Thank you for all of this, it’s all really cool.”
They relaxed again into conversation and wild stories, but Dylan wasn’t listening. He was thinking about his gifts and the people who had given them. They really didn’t have to, but they had. Like a family. He looked at his gifts on the table before him as the others talked and laughed. Alura was telling a story about Kaitlin when she was a child and Kaitlin was embarrassed, but he was looking at his scabbard. It had five gems along it: grey, green, red, blue and black. The Five Worlds. And his compass that would always take him home.
Home. Where was that now? Back on Earth or here with this group? He picked up the petrified wood. Wood that was stone, that was cool. And it made him think of Sylvae, but also of Hokino. It made him realise what they could lose; the trees of Sylvae turning to stone.
Loss and gain. It made him feel a little bit sick. The room was too close, their laughter a little too loud.
“I’m just going to sit outside,” he told them.
“I will come with you,” Lucas said. “I’ll not be in your way though.”
“It’s OK,” Dylan smiled.
They walked out together and Dylan sat down on the step. Lucas looked around before joining him.
“Did you not like your gifts?”
“What? No, they’re awesome.”
“But something vexes you.”
“She’s dead, you know,” he said looking at his hands.
“Yes.”
“You do?” he looked up at Lucas.
“I guessed as much.”
“Yeah.” Dylan looked back down at the dust. “I tried to pretend that she wasn’t. That she was somewhere lost. Somewhere I could find her.”
“And then you came to these new Worlds.”
“Yes. But she’s not here, is she? She died. I remember it now. Sort of.”
“I’m sorry, Dylan,” Lucas put a hand on his shoulder.
“Do you think she would have let me go through the shed?”
“What do you mean?”
“I mean, would a Mum let you go through a Portal to a new World?”
“Perhaps not.”
“Then I wouldn’t have this family,” he said and slipped into Lucas’ arm, resting his head on his chest.
“Family,” Lucas said.
Not much later he would carry the sleeping Dylan up to his bed.
%%%
The next morning he was up before the Sun, but at least the washing water was warm here. He’d still prefer the shower back at their house, but that was a long way away now and he wondered if they’d ever see it again. He actually wondered if he would want to, maybe he was getting too used to this life. Could he go back to school and all that other stuff?
When he and his Dad got down stairs Lucas was waiting. 
“First ones?” his Dad asked.
“No, the others have gone to check the streets. Deserted, dark streets will be dangerous.”
Kaitlin and Alura came down the stairs, their hair still wet.
“The others are out searching?” Alura asked.
“Yes,” Lucas replied.
“Do we trust these Stone Hunters?” she asked.
“Why not?” Dylan asked back.
“Going out at Sunrise is a dangerous time with red cloaks around.”
“You think it’s a trap?” Connor asked.
“I know not,” Alura shrugged. 
Bell entered through the front door.
“All here?”
“Yes,” Lucas said.
“Then we must go, the Sun is creeping over the horizon. We must protect the Magicians.”
“We can protect ourselves,” Alura scolded.
“That as it be, let us go.”
They walked out the front door and the air was fresh with a breeze. Dylan was wearing his new top and pulled the scarf up over his mouth and nose. The others did the same. 
“Where are the others?” Dylan whispered.
“In the shadows,” Bell replied. “This way.”
Bell led with Connor and Kaitlin behind him, then there was Alura and finally Lucas and Dylan. Dylan kept looking behind him, he didn’t like the dark silence behind them; it reminded him of under the bed at night. Full of endless nasties.
 They rushed through the streets as the Sun started turning the stone a rich red.
From a distance they heard a cry of pain. A clash of swords and then silence.
A red cloak appeared ahead of them and Bell shot her with an arrow. 
“Be ready,” he warned.
There was another cry from beyond the buildings and Lucas unshouldered his mighty axe.
They continued to move through the streets towards the centre of the city. Bell was thankful that they saw no more red cloaks, though they could hear fighting here and there. As they got closer figures suddenly appeared ahead of them; as one they drew their swords.
“It is us,” Rythium called. “There is much fighting, but our road is clear.”
They caught up with them and the Stone Hunters surrounded them.
“You took your time,” Bell said.
Rythium smiled a tight smile.
“There are more against you than we could have thought.”
“They have had many years to recruit.”
They continued on, at one point coming across a number of red cloak bodies. They moved swiftly by them.
In the centre of the city stood a large, tall tower, but they turned right before they entered the square that it dominated. Instead they went down an alleyway and one of the Stone Hunters lifted up a grate in the road.
“This way,” said Rythium. 
The tunnel was an emergency exit from the tower and after some walking and climbing of ladders they found themselves in the foyer of the tower.
“What is this place?” Connor asked looking up at the high vaulted ceiling.
“This is the Magician’s Tower, the seat of Government for all Hokino,” Rythium told them.
“Those doors could fit three elephants through, why did we come through a sewer?” Lucas asked having had to contort himself into tight tunnels.
“The Chinerthians must not know you are here.”
“Morning friends,” Mattaeus said. He looked tired and ragged from fighting.
“How did you know of our secret entrance?” Rythium asked.
“Lucky guess?” d’Gaz said looking similarly bedraggled.
“Well then,” Rythium gave up. “Let us see the Magician’s Star. Dalius will be here any moment.”

CHAPTER XII

Dalius indeed came down the wide, grand staircase to meet them. He told them he could take them up, but was not permitted to stay for their meeting.
They walked up past many floors and Dylan was growing tired by the time they reached the floor they turned off on. They walked through a corridor of rooms until they came to two, big wooden doors.
“This is where I leave you,” Dalius said. “We will be downstairs.”
“I would not want to walk those stairs too often,” Lucas said.
“If Dylan can do it without grumbling,” Kaitlin pointed out.
“Oh, very well,” Lucas sighed.
Mattaeus pushed open one of the doors and they entered. The room was huge. It must have taken up the whole of the top of the tower, Dylan thought as he stared up at the tapering ceiling. In it were small windows and he could see birds fluttering in the early morning light.
In the middle was a long table at which sat five people. Three men and two women. They all wore identical flowing, purple robes. At the end of the table sat Evylute the astronomer.
“Well, well, here they are,” Evylute said excitedly.
“Calm yourself, Evylute,” the man who sat in the middle said. They were arranged to be seated man, woman, man, woman, man.
“Come forward,” the man on the left said and Mattaeus stepped forward. “All of you.”
“This is enough for now,” the Shadow Ranger spoke.
“We are taking a great deal of risk in just being here,” said the woman to the left.
“As are we,” the Shadow Ranger replied. “But we can offer you more than you can offer us.”
“Let us not be hasty,” Evylute squealed. “This can be good for all of us.”
“The Balance is changing, we are that reason,” Mattaeus said, “and we are offering you our help to reclaim your World.”
“And why would you do that?” the man in the centre asked.
“It will help to shift the Balance more, it will help us on our Quest. But we will go on with it even if you reject us.”
The woman on the right scoffed.
“You talk about returning the Stones of Aremis. Think not that we have tried?”
“Of course you have,” Mattaeus replied, “but we have not.”
“Let not Dalius hear you say such things,” the man to the right said.
“Let us be introduced to you then, I am the Shadow Ranger. This is Bell, the Forest Ranger. These are the Twin Magicians, Kaitlin and Alura and this is d’Gaz. The mountain of a man is Lucas, Protector of the Guardian and finally, Dylan and Connor of the Shed. Guardians of the Portal to the Fifth World.”
As Mattaeus introduced them they each stepped forward to join him.
“Quite the group you have gathered around you, Shadow Ranger,” the man in the centre said.
“Not gathered around I. We gather around the Guardians.
“And yet we Guardians still do not know the task to which we commit,” Connor said.
The man in the centre laughed.
“Five tasks, Connor of the Shed. Five tasks for five Stones. Let me tell you of the story that is handed down.
“In the beginning of the race of Hokino five stones were taken from around this World. The land is imbued with Magic, you must know. One from the depths of the sea; one from a mountain peak; one from the burning desert; one from the deep forests and one from the deep caves.
“The Five Magicians sit in the shape of a pentagon.”
“That’s a five sided shape,” Dylan said.
“Indeed. Equidistant behind and between two Magicians sits a Stone. They form the points of the Star. Each magician is then linked to two Stones, representing the Magic of this World. It gave us great power. And also great wisdom.”
“You said it was the story handed down,” Kaitlin said.
“Yes,” the woman on the left said. “Who can really know the truth of the Stones? Why those five stones? How did our ancestors know of them or where they were?’
“So could any stones work?” Dylan asked.
“No,” the man on the right shook his head. “We have tried many.”
“And the Chinerthians have the Stones,” Bell said.
“No, they could not hold them, nor take them beyond the Portals,” the man on the left said.
“They hid them in places impossible to retrieve,” the woman on the right told them.
“I knew it could not be so easy.”
“Let us tell you of what we know. What awaits you if you take on these tasks,” the man in the middle said.
%%%
Perr Thunderground by now had nearly reached the Portal back to Sylvae. He had regrouped his Stormclouds and they were scattered through the town of Dalfurian as he walked into an inn where he would rest for the night. 
He ordered a drink at the bar and thought how good it would be to get back to Sylvae, to fight in open battle once more and then the mission of the Stormclouds would be at an end. What would they do? What would he do? There were those in the Foreshadow of Balance that had lost their way once they had nothing to fight for; would he be like that? Would those under his command? Was he sending them to a hell worse than battle by setting them free?
He took his drink and looked around. Ahh, it could not be, should not be, but it had to be. No, life was not going to get any easier for anyone if it was true.
He walked over to the table in the corner, shrouded in shadow and sat opposite the man seated there.
“Alarxir-Neko,” Thunderground said quietly.
“That is a name I have not heard in a long time,” the man replied.
“Then you have hidden it to men.”
“I have.”
“Do you not then remember that which it means?”
“You plan to take your men through the Portal,” the man said instead.
“I do, we must fight to protect Sylvae.”
“No. Sylvae stands already.”
“Then you have forgotten why you started the Stormclouds, Grandmaster Lord Stormcloud,” Thunderground scolded.
“Sylvae stands, but it will not if more Chinerthians come through the Portal. Hokino is not yet ready to fight. There must be a line of defence pushing from behind the Foreshadow.”
Thunderground sat back and looked at the man in the gloom. He was right, they could cut down the Chinerthians here, before they knew there was a fight to be had, they could help the Sylvaens before they even had to fight. He smiled.
“Then you have not forgotten the meaning of your name. Will you take that mantle once more?”
“‘The storm building over the ocean’,” Btolomy said as his eyes blazed gold in the gloom.
%%%
The Foreshadow had left the Magician’s Star and made their way back to the inn. They came across no red cloaks who were, no doubt, licking their wounds. They had sat and drank a little wine with not much conversation. They had talked a little, argued whether this should be done, but they all knew that without doing so their Quest might not make it any further. There was half-hearted talk of how to do it, but everyone was too tired and eventually one by one they went to bed for a nap, leaving only Connor and Kaitlin alone.
“It seems so impossible,” Connor said.
“It is hard to think of. It is hard to consider we may need to split up.”
“Yes,” Connor nodded. “Strength versus speed.”
“Do you remember the rift? 
“Of course I do,” Connor said and took her hand.
“The Treasure of Vriemire?”
“I can never forget such a thing.”
“Do you think it is in our future to have such a thing, or have we had it already?”
“I will fight for it,” he smiled.
“Then we will succeed, no matter what the task,” she smiled, but there were tears in her eyes.
%%%
The Sun was yet to rise when Mattaeus, the Shadow Ranger of yore stepped out into the streets. He walked some way until he found a deserted square, its pool and fountain making a refreshing, calming noise to his troubled soul. They should not split up, it was danger, but time was no longer on their side. They had started things too rashly and now the boulder of time was quickly gathering speed. He looked back the way he had come to see the first rays of a new day.
“It was your choice to carry such burdens,” a voice said from behind him.
He turned.
She sat there by the pool in a long red gown, her hair a deep crimson and a smile playing on her lips.
“Alathena,” he said. She was still as beautiful as the first time he saw her. 
“I am pleased that you still remember me,” she smiled.
“I could not forget.”
“That was always your trouble, Arturo.”
“Or perhaps yours was you could not remember.”
“Ahh, word games, leave that to Murtagh, you were never good enough with your thoughts.”
“Why mock me, Princess?”
“For it is easy.”
“It is cruel.”
“I am cruel.”
“No. You are not, you have chosen to be so.”
“Come sit with me, Arturo,” she patted the stone wall on which she sat.
He knew he could not trust her, but he went and sat anyway.
“You made your choices,” she said.
“As did you.”
“And I have not wandered lost ever since.”
“I have wandered lonely.”
She laid her head upon his shoulder.
“You think I have not?” she asked.
“You chose those to be aligned with,” he said angrily, but did not push her away.
“I did. I chose power and strength.”
“And how has that befitted you?”
She stood suddenly and looked down at him, anger in her eyes.
“You think this is about Balance? You think anyone cares which meek mortals rule? You know as well as I that this is more, that this is the end to that beginning so long ago.”
“You will be stopped, my love.”
She laughed.
“Who? You? Silly Fifth Worlders?”
“There are those who walk the Worlds that have not walked for a long time,” Mattaeus told her. “Or do you not know?”
“There are those that will rise to fight you. You and Murtagh and that woman, Tocoda. Oh, yes, I know she has returned from the wilderness. All these things are already seen.”
Mattaeus laughed.
“I have fallen for your lies before, I will not fall for them again. These things you have not seen or you would have found me years ago.”
“Think what you like.”
He stood.
“You see not what is coming, it is not for you to do so. You saw us not until we allowed it. So you know of I, and Murtagh and even Tocoda whose role in this is none. Yet you see not the storm that comes in our wake, you see not the power we hold.”
“This comes to an end outside all our control. Let not your life end here,” her eyes grew wide and tears welled in them, full of love. “I know you will not heed my words, but heed this. To not be split, stay together to see an end to all this.”
And then she was gone and he was left looking into the waters of the pool.
“Mattaeus?”
He turned to find Alura standing there.
“What did you see?” he asked sharply.
“Nothing, I have just arrived. I felt you here alone,” she replied with hurt in her voice.
He softened.
“I am sorry.”
“We went through a lot on our way here, you and I. I feel the burden on your soul, I am sorry, I cannot help but.”
“These things are coming to pass.”
“But there is a future. You need not shadows and gloom.”
“For now, I do. Until this Quest is done,” he smiled at her. “We did see some things, you and I; come let us rejoin the others. There are plans to be made and breakfast to be eaten.”
“You see further than even I, what will become of us?”
“That even I do not know.”
“You only see as far as breakfast,” she smiled.
“I am but a man,” he smiled back and taking her arm they walked back to the inn.

CHAPTER XIII

“This is the Hall of Reclamation,” Dalius told them the next morning. “It is a magical way point.”
“What does that mean?”
“It means it can transport us to another fixed point,” Alura explained.
“Cool.”
“Wait, this transports us?” Lucas asked.
“The easiest way to understand it is thus,” Dalius said. “The distance and time taken between the stones are known and so Magic is used to bend time and space to make that journey instantaneous.”
“That is not easier to comprehend,” Lucas frowned.
“So,” Dalius tried again. “You decide to re-read a favourite story. You get to a part that explains the plot. This you already know so you skip to the next exciting part. Those pages are still there, but you have skipped them. In theory you will still make the journey, but in reality you will skip it.”
“I will not make you explain it any simpler, I will merely accept,” Lucas said.
“We have, as you were told, sent many out to recover the Stones. That is what the Stone Hunters were formed to do. Few have ever returned. This will send you to a point near where the Stones are known to be.
“We cannot tell you what truly awaits you, for we know not. Only the dying ramblings of those that returned.”
“Sounds like fun,” Lucas said morosely.
“Your demeanor hides your passion to use your axe,” d’Gaz grinned at him.
“Well if it is to be that kind of party, I am well suited,” Lucas slapped d’Gaz on the back, nearly knocking him over. 
“Are you sure, Mattaeus, that we should not divide?” Bell asked.
“I am sure.”
“But we lack the time, Sylvae cannot fall.”
“There are others who will bide out time,” Mattaeus said.
“Yes,” Kaitlin said. “I had a dream of a sandstorm devouring Chinerthian soldiers.”
Mattaeus looked at her closely.
“We each have our gifts, we can say that this one or that one is more suited for each task, but we cannot know,” he said addressing them all again.
“So be it,” d’Gaz shrugged.
“You will then step into the circle,” Dalius said. “But you are aware that I and those who went before me have tried this and only been met with death.”
“Dalius,” the Shadow Ranger said, “it is not you, it is that the Balance has changed and that we are bound to it.”
“I can feel this, Shadow Ranger, the fact that I can, tells me you are right. Where would you go?”
“We were told that a dragon protects one of the Stones.”
“Yes,” Dalius agreed. “Or at least that is what is believed from the accounts of one man that returned, quite mad.”
“Then that will either be the easiest or just as hard as the others.”
Dalius shook his head, but with a smile.
“A man who thinks facing a dragon will be the easiest task? I have faith that you can return the Stones.”
“He will probably make friends with it,” Alura commented.
“Then I will send you there, bring the Stone back here.”
“I like it not so let us be done,” Lucas grumbled.
“Merely touch the stone.”
They formed a circle around it, looking at each other. Mattaeus nodded and they all reached out.
Suddenly the Sun beat upon them and they stood outside, surrounded by a ring of mountains.
“Where are we?” Dylan asked. 
“Near the first Stone. Or as near as anyone ever got,” Mattaeus said.
“I feel sick,” Dylan replied.
“I too,” agreed Lucas.
“It is not a pleasant way to travel,” Kaitlin said. “But it will pass.”
“You have done this before?” Bell asked.
“I am a Magician.”
“True.”
“So where do we go from here?” d’Gaz asked.
“North. There is a gap in the mountains. When we draw close one of us will climb. They said that there were no Chinerthians guarding this Stone, but I cannot believe them.”
“Why not?” Dylan asked.
“Because they do not really know what is here.”
“Let us find out then,” Lucas said and they set off.
It was hot and dusty and Dylan was glad for his birthday gifts. Especially his top and scarf, but he could feel the scabbard resting against his leg. In fact it seemed to be vibrating as they were nearing the gap in the mountains.
“Stop,” Alura called and they all did, looking back at her. “The ground is shaking.”
They all looked at the ground and listened.
“Swords,” shouted d’Gaz.
“What is it?” Bell called back.
“Falusifs. Sand eels! Find a rock to stand on.”
Lucas grabbed Dylan and pulled him off his feet. When he was set down again it was on a low, flat rock and he could see that the sand was moving. He looked around to see his Dad and Bell on a bigger stone, Kaitlin and d’Gaz on a small stone, trying to keep their balance and Alura and the Shadow Ranger climbing up a larger, jagged rock. They reached the top and Mattaeus said something to Alura; she closed her eyes and he looked over to see Kaitlin, eyes closed, nodding. 
They both opened their eyes, looked out over the moving sand and held out their hands. Then balls of Magic flew from those hands and hit the sand. It exploded upwards and became frenzied with long lines being cut under the sand this way and that. More Magic balls and Dylan saw one of the sand eels come up to the surface and then burrow back in. It was smooth and shiny looking and had a long conical head. He got just a glimpse of long sharp teeth before its head disappeared under the sand.
More blasts of Magic and Dylan could see that the Twins were trying to move the eels away and it seemed to be working. In fact Mattaeus and Alura were climbing back down and Kaitlin was moving cautiously forward as d’Gaz followed, watching around them nervously.
“Should we go?” Dylan asked.
“No. Not until the Shadow Ranger gives us a signal.”
The Twin Magicians were moving closer together, herding the Falusifs like sheep, but Dylan saw one break away, saw the sand moving in a line towards the Shadow Ranger. He shouted, but Mattaeus merely watched it come. As it got close he raised his sword above his head in a two handed grip, point facing down. Dylan nearly couldn’t watch, it was getting closer, moving so fast; the tip of the sand furrow was nearly at the Shadow Ranger when he suddenly thrust his sword down into the sand. The sand stopped dead and Mattaeus stepped away from it.
Dylan realised that the Magic had stopped and he looked to see the sand eels moving away in the distance. Man, but they were fast. 
“Let’s move on and be swift,” Mattaeus called and Lucas nudged him to go forward as he followed close behind, scanning the sand.
“Come on, come on,” Bell urged as they formed into a tight group. 
“We need to get onto the mountains, those Falusifs will not stay away for long,” d’Gaz said.
They made it to the base of the mountains and up onto the hard rock.
“Look,” Bell said to Dylan pointing. 
In the distance he could see sand being raised, faintly make out the trails of the sand eels.
“I think we should stay off the sand,” Connor commented.
“Very wise, Guardian,” Mattaeus said. “But it will slow us down on these rocks.”
“I would rather arrive later than not at all, thank you,” Alura said and d’Gaz laughed.
“Couldn’t have put it better myself. Come on, let’s get going.”
The climbed and scrambled over the rocks, slowly getting to the gap. When they had, Mattaeus ran up the mountain with Bell, it was quite a sight to see them leap and bound up the rocks as if it was easy.
“Rather them than me,” d’Gaz said and sat down.
They rested until the two men came back.
“There is a cave that seems to fit the description that we have,” Bell told them. “It is across a stretch of desert with many rocks scattered between.”
“It will mean a run from outcrop to outcrop with the help of the Magicians,” Mattaeus added.
“If there is running involved then I would rather be on with it now,” Lucas said. “I hate to run.”
They made their way around the mountain and came to the other side with the gap to their right. Dylan could see many sand eels moving around in the gap, it must be a good place to eat and he shivered slightly thinking of those teeth.
Now they stood at the bottom of the mountains looking over the sand. There were many rocks between here and the cave. The cave could be easily seen and Dylan was happy that it wasn’t too far away.
Suddenly he was scooped up by Lucas and put on his back.
“Do not touch the edges of the axe,” Lucas warned and he put his arms through the top, blunt curves and around Lucas’ neck.
And then they ran, no Magic this time in case it attracted the Falusifs, but Dylan could see them coming anyway and then they were on the rocks.
Alura and Kaitlin blasted the Falusifs and they scattered and then they were running again. This happened over and over again until they were at the far end. By now the sand eels were swarming around them under the sand and they sat down to rest and eat a little.
“Will the dragon be friendly, like the others we’ve met?” Dylan asked.
“I fear not,” Mattaeus replied. “The Chinerthians would not post a friendly dragon. It will be one of those that joined the Chinerthian side.”
“Then how do we fight it?” Kaitlin asked.
“We will have to see the lay of the land when we get there,” Bell said.
“Agreed,” Mattaeus said. “But our best chance will be for the Guardians to move back as far as possible, perhaps with Lucas.”
“We could do with his axe,” Bell said.
“Bell, I and d’Gaz will attack while the Twins fall back away to fire upon the beast. It will struggle to fight from so many angles.”
“Well then, let us get this done,” Lucas said. “I like not the waiting.”
“Yes,” Bell agreed. “Let us find out how this will end.”
“We talk before we fight,” Alura warned.
“Yes, we must know what we are dealing with,” Mattaeus said. “I will talk with the dragon first, but be ready.”
They got up and Dylan realised how tired he was, even though he hadn’t done any running. His muscles ached, it felt like his bones ached. He looked at his Dad and thought he could see the same feelings on his face. It hit him that his Dad had worked in a University, spent more time reading than exercising; he must be tired too.
His Dad caught him looking and smiled a tired smile.
“You OK?” his Dad asked.
“Yes. Are you?”
“I’m tired,” he smiled again.
“Me too, Dad,” and he took the few steps to give his Dad a hug.
CHAPTER XIV

They had entered the caves and as the light dimmed Alura and Kaitlin made some balls of magic that floated around them lighting the passage.
“Have I mentioned how I feel about caves?” Bell asked the Shadow Ranger at the front of the group and he smiled.
“I believe you may have mentioned it.”
“Are we expecting more of the same as last time?”
“Who can tell in a cave?” Mattaeus asked.
“And that’s why I hate caves,” Bell said.
Then Mattaeus stopped suddenly and held out his arms to stop the others.
“What is it?” Bell asked as he watched the Shadow Ranger rub his foot on the ground.
“Mountain ants. Every one step back.”
“What is it?” Dylan asked.
“Ants.”
“Ants?” Lucas asked surprised. “We stop for ants?”
“Mountain ants,” Mattaeus said.
“That does not shed much light on our situation, Mattaeus,” Alura said.
“Do you know of ant hills?”
“Of course,” Bell said.
“Ants build a system of tunnels in the earth, sometimes they build up domes, yes?”
“Yes,” said Dylan, he had studied this in school. “They have all these tunnels in them.”
“And what happens if you break into that nest?”
“They go crazy,” Dylan said.
“Indeed. Mountain ants do the same thing in a mountain, using cracks and eating away at the rock to make more. When a cave like this forms, it breaks their nest and they go crazy, but then they get used to it, merely walking across it and into the tunnels on the other side.”
“So?” d’Gaz asked.
“The cave then becomes part of that nest. We are, at least for the next few feet, in their nest.”
“And they will protect it,” Dylan said.
“Rock eating ants,” Connor said. “They will tear us apart.”
“Exactly,” Mattaeus said.
“Could we not just run?” Bell asked.
“Look at the walls, they are covered.”
And they were, there were ants everywhere scuttling from one hole or crack to another, the cave wall looked like it was alive. The floor before them was little different with lines of ants crossing the floor in front of them, further along Dylan could see other lines, and maybe another further on. Though they were still small, they were bigger than the ants he saw in England, he even thought he could see their pincers.
“We can burn them,” Alura said.
“No, send fire along some of the tunnels and watch them pour out of others in alarm. All over us,” Connor said.
“Well we don’t have to burn them all,” Kaitlin said. “Just the ones on the floor.”
“It would only take one ant to find just one of us and it would tell the others of the intrusion,” Mattaeus warned.
“Then we will have to be swift,” Kaitlin said.
“Everyone step back, I will flash fry them, but more will come, be ready to run,” Alura said.
Everyone stepped back a few paces and Alura formed a red orb on her hand. She let it sit there and Dylan could see that it throbbed with light. Alura did not move, but stared at the ball as it throbbed and then suddenly threw the ball into the midst of the ants.
“Cover your eyes,” she commanded and Dylan did so just before the tunnel was lit with a bright flash and he could feel heat sweep over him.
“Run,” Alura shouted and they were off.
Though it wasn’t a long distance, it was one of the most terrifying runs Dylan had ever made. It seemed like he was going in slow motion, all around him were the tiny burnt bodies of the ants, but he could see, even now, more ants pouring out of holes in the wall, they could cover him in seconds, millions of tiny pincers hard enough to break stone tearing at his flesh. His body shivered and itched at the thought. Already ants were on the floor and getting closer, a writing carpet of pain and death.
And then they were slowing and stopping. He looked back to see the ants scurrying, trying to work out what had happened, but they seemed to keep within invisible barriers and none came after them.
“Are we all OK?” Mattaeus asked.
“My whole body itches with the thought,” Lucas said.
Mattaeus looked at the rest of them and they all nodded that they were fine.
“I shudder to think of those poor Stone Hunters, perhaps not even seeing the ants in the torchlight until it was too late,” Connor said.
“What more must we face in these accursed caves?” Bell asked.
“Keep a sharp eye to find out in time,” d’Gaz said.  
But they walked along with no problems until they reached a larger cavern. The Magicians sent up a number of Magic light balls that lit the cavern.
“Well, well,” said a deep voice in their heads. “You have made it this far, so few have.”
“We come for the Stone,” Bell said.
“I could have guessed that,” the dragon laughed.
Dylan looked at it in amazement. He had, of course seen dragons, ridden them, but in this confined space it seemed so huge. Black and red with streaks of gold and brown, its head resting on the floor with two great crimson horns. Around it were skeletons, no doubt from Stone Hunters who had come here before.
“Discussion can be had without violence,” Mattaeus said.
“And you think your violence troubles me?” the dragon asked, but then paused and raised its head slightly. “Could it be? Cyclo’s Bane?”
“It could be.”
“And,” the dragon flared its great nostrils, “is that the Fury’s End? Oh, yes, I was still around to witness that.”
“Then you know we are not to be trifled with,” d’Gaz warned.
“Your threats are petty,” the dragon said lowering its head to the ground again.
“You have grown bored sitting in this cave and wish to be bested then?” Mattaeus asked.
The dragon raised its head on its long neck.
“You bested us not,” it said angrily.
“No, you just choose to hide in this cave,” Mattaeus said and the dragon laughed.
“And you, Arturo? You always hid in the shadows, has that changed?”
“It has changed now. Can you not feel it?”
“Yes. Yes, the Balance is it not? So even one as of yourself comes out of hiding.”
“Then give us the Stone and let us on our way.”
The dragon laughed again.
“Nothing has changed.”
Mattaeus withdrew Nagendra’s Dragonstone from his bag and held it aloft.
“Nothing?”
The dragon suddenly stooped down so that it was face to face with the Shadow Ranger. Everyone but Mattaeus and Lucas flinched backwards.
“So. The Wadasthiams have forsaken their hiding places. Then there is more to this.”
“They fly again for us,” Mattaeus agreed.
“Then take your silly little Stone, it is of no interest to me,” the dragon said.
“We cannot let you leave,” d’Gaz said. “We cannot let you inform your Mistress.”
“I have no mistress,” the dragon spat. “We merely chose the side most beneficial to us, but if you will insist on changing the Balance then the Chinerthians mean nothing to us. But the Wadasthiams, they we must defeat to once again rule these Worlds.”
“You have been too focused upon such things, and not noticed my companion and his bow,” Mattaeus said. “It is aimed at your eye and will not miss. Give us the Stone first.”
The dragon looked at him and then at Bell who had an arrow taut in his bow. The dragon merely moved a foot and kicked a cylindrical stone to the Shadow Ranger’s feet. Then it suddenly whipped its long tail up and smashed the ceiling.
“Run,” shouted Mattaeus and scooped up the Stone. The tail whipped again and more rocks fell. “Run!”
They ran back the way they came, the whole cave network shaking as dust and stones fell all around them.
Kaitlin and Alura shot magic forward as they ran and it erupted in heat and fire. They could not know if they had killed all the ants, or whether they too were fleeing, but to stop would mean certain death from the cave-in.
They reached the opening as the tunnels filled with rocks behind them and a plume of dust bellowed out. They all looked up in time to see the dragon flying away into the distant skies.
“Well that was not so bad,” Lucas said.
“It was well for us in the short term, but very bad in the long.”
“There will be a war with the dragons,” Kaitlin said.
“Yes.”
“Such things should be expected,” Alura joined. “We cannot change the Balance and think that it will go peaceably.”
“No, you are of course right,” Mattaeus shook his head.
“We will have to stay here tonight,” Bell said, “the Sun is nearly set.”
And so they took blankets out of their packs and made as comfortable beds as they could, setting them up in the mouth of the cave.
It was a cold, desert night and none slept well. Lucas got up sometime early in the morning and sat on the flat rock outside the cave. He could see the Sun just starting to shed light over the horizon. All around he could see Falusifs moving in the sand; it would be another day of desperate running.
He looked up to the sky where he could still see millions and millions of stars and he wondered how many worlds might lay out there. If there were Five Worlds here, how many more might there be? Another five like theirs? Another ten? Another hundred or thousand all with people like them, trying, fighting, farming, living? It was too much for him to think of.
“Deep in thought?” a voice asked and he looked back down to the desert.
“Princess,” he breathed.
She stood on the desert floor with two Falusifs curled around her feet, most of their bodies still in the sand. Her dress matched the deep red colour of the sand in the morning light.
“Do you know why Falusifs have such long, sharp teeth?” the Princess of Earth and Stone asked.
“I try not to think on it, Princess,” Lucas replied and she gave a short laugh.
“It is not to eat you with, but when closed to act as a filter to the sand. They actually eat the Dienar insect that lives in the sand.”
“So they are not a danger to us?”
She laughed again.
“Oh no, they will gulp you down as quickly as they set upon you.”
“That is not reassuring.”
“Is anything in this life?”
“My friends,” Lucas said without hesitation.
“Well then, you are lucky, Man Mountain.”
“I guess I am.”
“But do not count on your friends for much longer, it will make parting so much harder. But now you have company, I will take the Falusifs away with me for a day.”
Lucas looked behind him to see Bell getting up. He looked back, but the Princess of Earth and Stone had gone.
“Cannot sleep?” Bell asked sitting next to him.
“I have not slept well in many a year,” Lucas admitted.
“Nor I, old friend. Nor I.”
“It all weighs on you so much, does it not? The Yokum Rebellion.”
Bell sighed.
“Yes. Yes, it does.”
“But now we have a chance to right all the wrongs.”
“We do I guess, but can we? I know not whether I am strong enough to do it. I was not then.”
“You have got this far. We all have. I think if we can get to here we can get to the end,” Lucas said.
“You have more wisdom than you pretend,” Mattaeus said joining them.
“I am not the brains of this outfit, Shadow Ranger.”
Mattaeus laughed.
“But we are all in good hands with you here, you too, Bell. Doubt not yourself.”
“I am sorry,” Bell said and looked to the rising Sun. “We should leave soon, before it gets too hot.”
Once again the set off, but soon they realised that there were no Falusifs. Though that did not stop them being wary, it meant that their journey was easier and faster and soon enough they were back at the stone. They placed their hands and were transported.

CHAPTER XV

“You are back,” Dalius said getting up from a seat.
“Try to sound less surprised, Dalius,” Mattaeus said holding out the Stone.
“This has not happened before.”
“It is merely that we have never tried before,” d’Gaz grinned.
“Less talking more eating,” Lucas said.
“I think we could all do with a rest,” Connor said. 
“You can not stop now with such a swift victory under your belts,” Dalius argued.
“Without rest there will be no more victories,” Mattaeus told him.
%%%
Alura and d’Gaz walked the streets of the city trying to find any clue to the Cult of Warena’s base of operations. Though she chatted with d’Gaz as if nothing were happening she was actually searching the Magic using d’Gaz and his experience of the Fury as a channel.
“And what do we do if we find these red cloaks?” Alura asked.
“Run away?” d’Gaz shrugged.
“I’m happy with that,” Alura smiled.
“Here, Murtagh,” a voice called and they looked to a beshadowed side street.
“Who is she?” Alura whispered.
“I fear I know; come on,” and they walked over looking around. “Tocoda.”
“So you remember me.”
“It is hard to forget that time of life.”
“I agree and I have had a long time to think about it.”
“We cannot live in the past.”
“Unless we have no present, no future.”
“There is a future now, Tocoda,” d’Gaz said tenderly.
“And that is why I am here. You seek the Cult of Warena and I know where it is.”
“Then you must tell us,” Alura said.
“And then they would find me out and kill me.”
“We will not use the information until you are through the Portal and into Sophoi,” d’Gaz told her.
“I cannot run.”
“You have to, you will be safe and we can meet you there.”
“So you are truly heading to Chinerthia,” she said.
“We are,” Alura told her.
“Then you can tell Bell that I will be waiting at Abterrne.”
“No, not there,” d’Gaz said.
“I have to go. I will be there.”
“You and Bell?” Alura smiled at her.
“It is not of your business, Magician,” Tocoda said crossly.
“Be not cross, he is a good man. Better than most.”
Tocoda laughed. 
“You think of the Shadow Ranger. Be aware, he is not what you think. Nor you, d’Gaz. How well do you know your friend?”
“Better than you, Tocoda.”
“I have had many a year to read and look.”
“You were young and foolish once, Tocoda, nothing has changed.”
She smiled at him.
“Perhaps it is so. Now let me tell you what you want to know before I begin my journey.”
%%%
It was after dinner and everyone had gone for a walk together. It had to be that way to protect from red cloaks, but d’Gaz had stayed behind. He had a glass of wine in front of him, but it was largely untouched. He had probably had one too many anyway and he was not in the inn, but in his past. He had told Tocoda not to live in the past, but he too could not leave it alone. Not now that it could be repeating itself. They could not fight off the red cloaks forever, and what if they managed to resurrect Medraza? No, it could not happen.
He remembered that last battle, the last time he had stood on these soils. He wondered how many innocent people had died in their wake. He had not cared then, he had been too focused on beating the Fury. It was for the best, he told himself, to stop endless suffering in the future. And while that was true, the sea, as his mistress, had taught him differently through the years. He had forsaken everything to defeat Medraza and had lost everything in the process.
He drank some more. 
He remembered before, before all of this, before Arturo had become a warrior, a shadow, a legend. He was not any of those things and that was the problem; and he had cast the Worlds into darkness because of it. Maybe that was why d’Gaz had fought so hard, had also forsaken all that he had loved to help him. Had left them for the one thing he had left, the sea.
But it was her that had taught him to love the sea, the ocean; water. He, therefore, had never really let go, never gave up hope of returning.
“It is even more powerful than the Righteous,” she had said. “For it goes wherever it wills and he does not stop it. I wonder if he can. To stop the waters running one would also have to stop hope, joy, life.”
He had not really understood it then, but he knew it now.
And Tocoda, she had come from that time, innocent and angry. Left destitute to wander while they all hid and licked their wounds. They had not been as good or as heroic as they had thought themselves.
He had another drink and later lay in bed and wept.
%%%
The Chinerthians had not expected the attack and had been wiped out. Stormclouds appearing from the trees close to the Portal as they marched to war in Sylvae.
Btolomy had sent lines of magic into their ranks, seizing the hearts and stopping them as the Stormclouds rushed the rest. Some managed to pull weapons, but they could not fight the battle-ready Stormclouds and fell to their swords.
Now they were resting in the town of Jacob’s Ford waiting for their spies to report back. Btolomy could remember the time when there was a river running here and this town sat upon the ford, but there was no one else here who could so he kept silent.
The Stormclouds were unsure about him, they could see, or feel their Master’s deference to him, but did not know why. As for them, Btolomy knew none of them. They all seemed so young. But they were strong and they lived for their cause and he was proud of them. They were fighting for an ideal, but now they were being asked to fight for much more and they were rising to the challenge. Fighting even though they did not truly realise what it was they were fighting for. And they would struggle more the further they got from the Portal to Sylvae. But they had an important role in keeping not only Sylvae safe, giving it time to build its true powerbase, but also the Foreshadow of Balance. He wondered again how they fared.
%%%
They were, in fact, once again standing before the stone in the Hall of Reclamation.
“Where to now?” Dalius asked.
“The Halls of Kymer,” Mattaeus said.
“Before you go, let me remind you that it is merely assumption on our part.”
“How do you mean?” Connor asked.
“As has been explained, our most powerful Magicians could feel the power of the Stones weakly. We had an idea where they were and sent men to search the areas. As they came back empty handed we could tighten the area. The last Stone Hunters to come back from this area were not far from the Halls of Kymer, those that went to search further never returned. So we assume that the Stone is in the Halls, but we know not for sure.”
“It is a good assumption,” Mattaeus said.
“What do you know about these Halls?” Kaitlin asked.
“Not much I am afraid,” Dalius admitted. “Built by the Chombium before the Wars of The Great End; legends tell that some stayed there, but they could not last forever and many ultimately went out to join the Wars. For the rest, it became their tomb.”
“Sounds pleasant enough,” Lucas shrugged.
Bell smiled.
“Ever the optimist, Lucas. Let us go and find out for ourselves.”

CHAPTER XVI

They laid their hands on the stone and suddenly found themselves at the foot of a mountain range. They were in shadow and the mountains loomed over them unforgivingly.
Dylan sat down and stared at the sand while his stomach roiled and settled. He had tried to look up at the mountains, but their height made him feel sicker still. When he looked up again he could see his Dad was standing also looking at the sand, but Mattaeus, d’Gaz and Bell were walking over the rocks, looking up and around.
“Here,” Bell shouted. “This seems like a way up.”
Mattaeus and d’Gaz walked over to him and they talked and looked up, finally nodding to each other. Dylan got up and made sure his pack was tight. He looked at his Dad who smiled back at him. 
“A little rock climbing?” he asked.
“Sounds like a good day out,” Dylan smiled back and they walked over to join the others.
There was a break in the mountains, a gully that perhaps once held water, Dylan thought that the mountains were tall enough to have had snow on once, but there was no snow now. The air was hot even as they climbed higher and he was thankful they were walking in the shade. He didn’t want to deal with the Sun blazing down on them as well.
It was a long trek up and they stopped often to drink a little water. After what seemed like hours they reached a crest; they were not on the top of the mountains, they still loomed above them on either side and out in front of them. From this bluff they could see that the mountains had a flat expanse within the range and on that large sandy area stood a huge castle, the Halls of Kymer.
“It’s amazing,” Connor said.
“Never seen anything like it,” d’Gaz agreed.
“It’s huge,” Dylan said.
“Yes,” agreed Mattaeus, “but you see how it is touching the mountainside there, I would think it goes into the mountains too.”
“More caves,” Bell groaned.
Mattaeus laughed.
“I would think these are more than caves, Bell.”
“How could they manage such a feat so many years ago?” Kaitlin asked.
“The Chonbium were an advanced race,” Mattaeus told them.
“It did not stop them from being wiped out,” Alura said.
“No, no amount of advancement can stop the foolishness of war.”
“Let us get on with this before the Sun cooks me ready to eat,” Lucas said and Connor laughed.
“Let’s hope the Sun is the only thing that tries to cook you.”
They walked down the slope, the plain that the halls stood on was not as low as the surrounding desert, but it was slow going trying not to slip and slide all the way down.
As they got closer and closer the Halls got larger and larger, Dylan wasn’t sure he had ever seen such a huge building, not even Talon’s Fall was this big. It seemed as tall as a skyscraper he saw in movies and when they reached the bottom he could barely make out the corners, it was at least the length of his street back at home, maybe even twice as long.
“How do we get in? Connor asked.
“That, Guardian, is a good question,” Mattaeus replied.
“Perhaps before we find a way in we should prepare ourselves for what we will find?” Kaitlin suggested.
“It’s a good point, these Stones are not unguarded,” d’Gaz said.
“No,” agreed Mattaeus. “Therefore there will either be Chinerthians, some kind of protector such as the dragon, or traps. Perhaps all three.”
“If there are Chinerthians here we would have seen some by now,” Bell said.
“Unless they stay inside, nothing much out here,” Lucas said.
There was a distant roar in the mountains.
“Except mountain Liens,” he added.
“The point is we have to be careful going through whatever door we find. Be prepared for anything,” Alura said.
“Exactly,” Mattaeus said. “Now let us look.”
The door was not hard to find, around the corner the gap between the building and the mountains narrowed and there sat the giant wooden doors. Which were open slightly.
“By thunder, I trust an open door less than a locked one,” d’Gaz said.
“What does it mean? Kaitlin asked.
The Shadow Ranger looked around.
“Either that Chinerthians come in and out regularly or that there is no one here to close the door.”
“I think I would prefer the Chinerthians,” Lucas said.
“I think I agree,” d’Gaz added.
“Well, let’s find out,” Connor said.
They walked to the dark gap in the door. The doors must have been as wide as a house and taller than one, Dylan thought as they towered above them. Inside was gloomy and he wasn’t sure he wanted to go in there, he didn’t like not knowing. Lucas was right, at least Chinerthians were human, at least they knew what they were and how they acted. They could be fought and beaten, no one could beat his friends, but what if there were things inside that they couldn’t beat? It was the dark of the wardrobe or under the bed at night, the things that watched you while you slept.
They entered through the gap easily without having to move the door, Dylan wasn’t sure even Lucas could have moved it. The Chonbium must have been a lot bigger than they were, he had assumed the statue they had seen at the museum was just big, but maybe it was actual size.
They stood in a large empty room, dimly lit from the Sun streaming through the distantly high, glassless windows. In the dim light Dylan could see dust or sand swirling around; he looked at the floor and then back at the door.
“Not Chinerthians,” he said.
“What?” his Dad asked.
“Not a lot of sand has blown in, the door hasn’t been open for long.”
“But long enough, you’re right,” his Dad said. “Everyone!”
“What is it? Mattaeus asked.
“Tell them,” Connor prompted.
“Well, there’s sand in the doorway, but not a lot. If the Chinerthians were coming in and out there wouldn’t be much, otherwise they couldn’t shut the door. It seems the door has been left open for a while, but not too long.”
“He’s right,” Bell said.
“Yes, you look at the amount of sand, and without certainty you could say that it was left open by the Stone Hunters who came here,” d’Gaz said.
“It is not for sure,” Mattaeus said looking at the sand, “but is a good deduction, well done, Dylan.”
“Thank you,” he grinned and Mattaeus smiled back.
He looked around and saw that Kaitlin was smiling at him.
“That was well thought, Dylan, everyone else missed it,” she told him as they walked further into the room.
There were three doors leading out of the room and they stopped again to look at them.
“Once more we have to decide whether to stick together or split up,” Bell said.
“And again I say we stay together, what time we might save could be lost trying to reunite,” Mattaeus said.
“I agree with the Shadow Ranger, who knows where we get to or how we will get back. Together we are stronger,” Lucas said.
“Then it is simply which door to choose,” d’Gaz said.
“Let’s have a look in each first,” Dylan suggested.
“Wait, look at this,” Alura called and they walked over to her.
She stood next to the remains of a mountain Lien.
“It has been attacked,” Bell said kneeling down. “Though not eaten.”
“So something roams these halls,” Lucas said.
“It would appear so, be ready for what we might find,” Mattaeus said and drew his sword.
They walked through the first door and into a corridor that seemed to run down the edge of the building. The second was an empty room and the third was another corridor, but this one seemed to go deeper into the halls.
“I say we follow this one,” the Shadow Ranger said.
“It makes sense to go further in,” Alura agreed.
“Then let us keep going, I would rather find out what lurks yonder than live with imagination,” Bell said.
“Having no imagination, I disagree,” Lucas grimaced.
They walked along the corridor passing a number of rooms that they looked into. It was an impossible task, each room had at least one other door, how could they know the right way to go?
“Can you feel the Stone?” Dylan asked Kaitlin.
“I had not thought to try,” she replied and stopped.
“Wait a minute,” Lucas, who was of course walking with Dylan, called.
Kaitlin closed her eyes and felt out into the Magic. It was seemingly quiet, nothing there but a faded golden yellow; she felt around and realized that it was old, dormant Magic; settled like sand on the seabed. She tried to stir it, but nothing much happened, she reached in further and the Magic stirred and swirled so that she could not make out anything. She opened her eyes.
“I might be able to find the Stone, but not yet,” she apologised.
“It’s OK,” Connor said. “We might be too far away yet anyway.”
“I will try again in a while.” 
They continued walking and found a staircase of stone. They looked at each other and silently agreed to go up and look.
They found themselves in a large hall with large windows in the far wall. They had no chance to discuss what it was for as a large mountain Lien roared at them from the far right corner. They brought their swords to bear and spread out. Connor pulled Dylan down a few stairs.
“It is scared,” Bell said.
“And not of us,” Lucas added. 
“We are in the poor situation of being between it and its escape route,” Mattaeus said. “Everyone move away from the door.”
Dylan and Connor came back up the steps and, keeping to the wall, moved to the left corner. Lucas and Kaitlin followed them and then the others, trying to get as much distance between themselves and the beast. It paced in a circle, roared again and looked at the door.
“Why does it not go?” Lucas asked.
“Maybe it is more scared of what is down there,” d’Gaz said.
“That is not a pleasant thought,” Alura said.
“We need to go back down,” Mattaeus said. “If it is scared to go down, then we are riling it too. It may attack through confusion and fear.”
The Shadow Ranger went first, keeping to the wall and the others followed, but this did confuse the Lien and it jumped forward. They all froze as the Lien looked at them and then walked to the door before circling back to its corner, mewling. They began to edge towards the door again and again the Lien roared and they stopped. It took a few steps towards them and then towards the door before turning back to them again.
“Can you not just shoot it?” Lucas asked Alura.
“No. It is not doing us any harm, I will not kill it for being scared.”
“You are right. My apologies.”
The Lien stood looking at the door, it sniffed and then bellowed a roar of frustration at the door. As it walked back to the corner they continued to move to the door. They were close when the Lien reached the corner and turned. It roared at them again and leapt forward, the Shadow Ranger raised his blade to strike the animal, but it landed short and suddenly bolted through the door and down the stairs.
“Wonderful, now we have a Lien prowling around down there too,” Lucas said.
“It will head straight for the door,” Connor said.
“We can only hope so,” Bell agreed.
They went slowly back down the stairs, but there was no sign of the Lien.
CHAPTER XVII

They had not gone far down the corridor when they heard a distant roar from ahead, but it was cut off.
“There is something here that can kill Liens,” Bell said.
“Or things,” Mattaeus said.
“Well that is not helpful,” d’Gaz said with a smile.
“Not everything is a matter of jest, d’Gaz,” Lucas warned. 
“I have faith in that axe of yours, Man Mountain.”
“Less talk, keep focused,” Mattaeus warned them and they moved on.
They came to a circular room that seemed to go up to the roof of the building. Above them they could see balconies encircling the room.
“This must be some kind of central area,” Connor said.
“And there are many doors to choose from,” Bell pointed out.
“Let me look,” Kaitlin said and closed her eyes.
The Magic was still swirling, but it had settled somewhat and she could see further through it. She did not know what she was looking for so she searched for something, anything that was different. Yes, there, it was faint, but definite. They should have brought a Hokino Magician with them, they seemed to be able to feel the Stones more strongly than she. However, she was sure that it was the Stone that she was sensing and she focused hard on its direction.
“This way,” she said pointing to a door.
“Yes, that would take us deeper by my reckoning,” Mattaeus said and led them to the door.
They walked into another room; it had large stone urns along one wall and an opening at the other end.
Dylan walked over to an urn, but it was too tall for him to see into.
“Dylan!” Lucas commanded. “Go not near those.”
Dylan came back just in time as a large snake struck up and out of the next urn. It nearly got to Dylan before an arrow pierced its head. Dylan looked back surprised and then at Bell who was still holding his bow. He walked over to Lucas and stood close.
“Thank you,” he mumbled stunned and embarrassed.
“Think not of it,” Bell replied.
They walked through the door.
%%%
They continued to explore rooms, every now and then stopping so that Kaitlin could search through the Magic for the Stone. It got clearer to her as they got closer and she learned to sift through this old, decaying Magic.
It was, she would not admit to the others, at least not yet, quite disturbing. There were old thoughts and stories in the Magic, the echoes of a past civilization, charged with memories and feelings. And another thread, something she could not quite make out or understand, another older thread, a figure perhaps. But that was not her concern and she would open her eyes and tell them the way she thought best to go. 
They were definitely in the mountains now and the halls were huge, their roofs held up by gigantic columns and Dylan could barely make out the ceiling. The Foreshadow was wary now as they could not see the whole of any hall, not knowing what might be lurking in the shadows cast by their torches. In fact they lit any torch they walked past hoping it would help them on their return. 
Ahead of them they heard a distant roar.
“Another Lien?” Dylan asked.
“I would not think they came this far in,” d’Gaz said.
“It did not sound like a Lien,” Bell said.
“Yes,” agreed Lucas, “it was a deeper sound. Something bigger I fear.”
“Silence,” Mattaeus hissed.
He cocked his head and listened. He would not have heard it if they had not stopped, but it was definitely there. A chittering.
He moved his head around, but could not focus on the source of the sound. As if it was everywhere.
“I hear it,” Alura said.
“Swords,” Mattaeus commanded and they drew just in time for a black tide to surround them.
“What are they?” Dylan shouted, his own golden sword drawn.
“They like not the light,” Bell said.
“Spiders,” Lucas spat.
And Dylan could see that they were, thousands of black spiders, maybe millions. All crawling over each other, all different sizes from tiny to the size of a man’s hand.
“Keep them at bay with the fire,” Mattaeus instructed.
They waved the torches out at the spiders and tried to stab them, but they were small enough to escape and it would be an impossible task to kill them all. Kaitlin and Alura flung balls of Magic into the heaving mass of spiders that either flung them in the air or set them on fire. In fact they began working as a team, Alura setting them on fire and then Kaitlin sending them flying so that they landed and set more of the hairy beasts alight. The spiders began to retreat somewhat, but the men were still kept busy stabbing braver, or hungrier, spiders and waving their torches as they slowly moved through the mass.
The whole room was alight now with fiery spiders and the mass had to keep moving to stay away or be set alight themselves. This meant the area the Foreshadow were in kept growing larger and closer to the far door until eventually the spiders, as one, turned and scurried into the darkness leaving only the charred remains of their companions.
“There is more danger here than the whole of Sylvae,” Lucas exclaimed.
“We have yet to come across a forest Bannf,” Bell noted.
“Yet,” Lucas replied.
Dylan shuddered as they walked through the door. The Lien had been bad, but the spiders were worse, harder to see, they could sneak up on you, drop on you. A Lien you could fight, but they had found out how hard it was to kill the smaller beasts. These were truly what lived under the bed, not a Lien, but a mass of endless, writhing spiders.
They walked on again through corridors and halls, sometimes checking smaller rooms they came across, but everything was empty and bare as if no one had ever lived there.
As they got deeper into the mountain though there were more statues, huge ones like the one Dylan had seen in the museum.
“I guess nobody came down this far to take stuff out,” he said.
“I guess not,” his Dad agreed. 
There were also more sounds and that was worrying. Sounds from behind, from above and from before them. At one point they were walking down little more than a tunnel and could hear something walking about above them. It sounded big. Or they did, Dylan didn’t want to think about it.
He tried not to think about much, not here, not now. There were too many fears here, too many nightmares, and they were walking into them.
They stopped to take a drink and some food in a large hall; he could see why they were called the Halls of Kymer, there were so many of them. Statues of Chonbiums, instead of pillars, held up the ceiling here and he walked to look at one. They were dressed so finely, the carving was amazing. They were obviously a great people, but they had died in war, they had starved and died here so long ago that even their bones had turned to dust.
What was the point of it all? Wars never brought happiness, but here they were starting a war to end oppression. It wasn’t right, it wasn’t the way to do things. He and his Dad had got caught up in things that weren’t them, that shouldn’t be the way of things. He walked deeper into the gloom and then stopped, went back and grabbed a torch. He could feel Lucas following him, but he had learned to keep a distance and Dylan loved him for that. Knowing when he needed to be alone, Lucas knew him so much better than almost anyone else but his Dad. 
Here in the corner was a statue carved into the wall, a man with a long beard, an old man. Below the carving, which was amazingly detailed, was what looked like the space for a shrine.
“They are hunting us,” Bell said to Mattaeus as he stood looking up at one of the statues.
“I agree.”
“They are waiting for us to retrieve the Stone, I think.”
“Yes, so they can thoroughly block our exit.”
“They are clever then, what do you think they are?” Bell asked.
“I am not sure. They are big enough to kill Lien, but then again we are capable of that.”
“How do we plan our escape then?”
“We will have to fight,” Mattaeus said looking at him. “We have to get the Stone.”
“Do we? I know it helps us in the long run, but it is no good to us dead.”
“If we turned back now they would realise and attack anyway.”
“But we have more of a fighting chance now.”
“We do,” the Shadow Ranger nodded. “But we must have the long run if we are to succeed.”
“I can only wish for your calmness in such stress,” Bell said looking at the floor.
“You have it, though you do not see it,” Mattaeus said gripping his shoulder. “Come, let us get the Stone and let the battle begin.”
CHAPTER XVIII

Finally they came to a large room, once again supported by statues instead of pillars. However, this enormous room was still filled with treasures, as if they had moved all of their treasures down to this farthest room before they left or died. Gold was piled up, some of it spilling out of chests, but most in dunes on the floor. Dylan could see golden cups and statues, swords and shields and on the other side a great golden carriage.
“It is unbelievable,” Kaitlin said.
“It makes me fear a dragon is around,” Alura said.
“Even a dragon has never seen such a hoard,” Bell said.
“As bad as it sounds, we should take some,” d’Gaz said.
“That’s robbery,” Dylan protested.
“Aye, I know, but we need gold to keep on living.”
“d’Gaz is right,” the Shadow Ranger said. “Take some gold coins, leave anything that looks special. Look out for the Stone.”
“No need,” Lucas said. “It is there.”
They all turned to where he was pointing and yes, in the middle of the room the stone stood on a plinth.
“It is too easy,” Bell said.
“We don’t have much choice though, do we?” Connor asked.
“No, we do not. And I think that it is not like that for a trap, but because something awaits us as we leave.”
“Well I will greet it with my axe,” Lucas said.
“I fear that will be the only language it will understand,” nodded Mattaeus.
And so they scooped up enough coins to fit in their pouches and bags and then Mattaeus went and removed the Stone from its cradle. He stood there for a second, holding the Stone, but nothing happened and he walked slowly back to join the others.
They all drew swords and moved back out into the corridor. Though it was windowless, dark stone they could see in the flickering of the torches they had lit on their way. This was to be their way out. From somewhere in front of them they heard a deep howl that made Dylan shiver. Whatever was out there was big.
Connor also felt a shiver go down his spine. Why hadn’t they left Dylan back with Dalius? He would have been safe there, but then Lucas would not have come and Connor thought he was their best weapon against whatever they met in the dark. How could he expect Dylan to grow up as a normal boy after all of this? Could they ever really go back? Would they even want to when the time came? But now was not the time to think of these things. They were entering another hall and he had to be sharp.
They walked through the middle of the hall in a tight group, their swords pointing out in defense. Still nothing. Nothing as they continued following the torches until they were further out and then they heard noises from behind them. Noises from in front.
“They have waited to surround us,” Bell whispered to the Shadow Ranger.
“Agreed. Be ready.”
But it wasn’t until the next hall that the attack came. From the shadows a giant beast came running at them.
Dylan couldn’t believe it; the beast was twice the height of his Dad and as wide as a car. It walked like a human, with two arms and legs, but it had thick hair all over and a great mouth filled with big, sharp teeth. Its eyes were small and black and one hand had great talons instead of fingers. The other held a wooden club that it swung at them. 
They dived and scattered as the club came at them and Bell rolled and came up with his bow taut, letting an arrow fly. It hit the beast on the breast and it howled in rage, breaking the arrow shaft and throwing it to the ground. It charged at Bell who dived away and the Shadow Ranger leapt in with his sword, slicing at the beast. It swiped him away with an arm and he slid across the rough floor. 
Alura fired a bolt of Magic at it and Dylan watched as the Magic licked around its body before disappearing. The beast stopped and twitched its pug nose. Then it simply sneezed, shook its head and looked around. It charged at Alura, but Lucas was suddenly in its way. The Beast stopped abruptly and looked at Lucas. It snorted and seemed to smile as it clutched its club tighter.
And then both Lucas and the beast swung, the club and axe meeting and then Lucas pulled back and they circled.
“Keep going,” Lucas shouted. “Protect Dylan.”
Connor grabbed Dylan and they moved to the door along with Mattaeus, d’Gaz and the Twin Magicians.
Bell shot the beast again as it clashed with Lucas. Lucas ducked and swiped, cutting its leg. It swiped at him with its clawed hand. Lucas backed toward the door as Bell shot another arrow.
They made it through the corridors to the next hall; Mattaeus thought they were nearly out. Or he hoped. But he was foolish to hope to escape. As they came to another hall they could still hear Lucas and the beast fighting behind them, slowly moving their way, but they could not help that as three more of the beasts waited for them in the hall.
“How are we going to defeat these?” d’Gaz asked desperately.
“As best we can,” Mattaeus said. “We must keep moving out if we can.”
Lucas burst into the hall and looked around.
“Oh, well it just gets better does it not?” and then the beast burst into the room, bloodied and without its club. It bellowed and charged Lucas who somehow got it into a grip and wrestled it to the floor. 
The other three howled and charged the group. Again they dived away, coming up with their swords ready. One beast turned on Dylan and his Dad, growled and readied to charge. Dylan drew his sword and the beast howled at him before turning away and charging d’Gaz.
“What happened?’ his Dad asked.
“I don’t know, maybe it’s scared of my sword?”
“Why would it be…” but before he could finish he grabbed his son and dived out of the way as the Shadow Ranger and a beast fought past them. 
“Take the Stone, get to the door,” Mattaeus shouted to them as he passed, throwing the Stone to Connor. 
They ran that way and were joined by Alura and Kaitlin.
“Is there nothing we can do?” Dylan cried.
“Our Magic has no effect on them and they are too strong for us,” Kaitlin said. 
They moved through the door and stopped. Dylan watched Lucas slash and hack at a beast. Bell and d’Gaz circled another as it swiped at them and the Shadow Ranger disappeared and reappeared out of the shadows, striking at the last beast. The beast that Lucas had first fought sat on the floor, weakened from loss of blood, but even now it was getting back up. Dylan could see it flexing its clawed hand.
As it got up Connor thought he heard something. He cocked his head and then ran down the corridor. Yes, here was another hall and yes, he could hear it. He ran back to see his worst fear.
Dylan had run out into the hall, everything slowed down. He could see Kaitlin still had her arm outstretched to grab Dylan. He could see the bloodied beast on its feet; he could see the Foreshadow fighting the beasts, he could see the bloodied wounds they were inflicting. He could see Dylan stopping in the middle of the room, holding his sword up high. He saw the beasts roar and back off and his friends look at Dylan.
And then time sped back up; Mattaeus scooped up Dylan and shouted something. They all ran to the door, Lucas taking Dylan mid-stride; he was still holding the sword over Lucas’ shoulder and the beasts stood and howled or stamped their feet.
“We must get into the next hall,” Connor shouted. “Come. Now!”
They ran down the corridor and into the next hall.
“Don’t stop,” Connor shouted as he ran to the far door. “Put that sword away, Dylan.”
Dylan did as he was told and the beasts entered through the far door. They stopped cautiously. One stamped its foot as another grunted. They came toward the Foreshadow slowly and the Mattaeus heard it too.
“Good work, Connor of the Shed, everyone get to the door.”
The chittering grew louder and the beasts heard it. They stopped in the middle of the hall and one of them dropped its club. To Connor it even looked sad. As if it knew it had gone too far, had been led into a trap. And then the spiders, smelling blood, flooded the room. The Foreshadow moved back into the doorway and watched as the beasts swiped and clawed at the spiders, but there were too many of them and they were too hungry for blood. They swarmed over the beasts until they could not be seen.
And then the Foreshadow of Balance fled.

CHAPTER XIX

It was two days that they spent resting and eating. Dylan slept a lot and he knew that Lucas ate a lot, but other than that he did not know much of what went on. Then they were all called together on the third day.
They went to the Magician’s Star, wary of red cloaks though none attacked nor were even seen. 
“They are biding their time, I like it not,” Mattaeus said to Bell.
“Or busy.”
“I like that idea less,” Mattaeus frowned.
And then they were there. The Magicians were seated as normal and Dalius paced before the table.
“Ahh, there you are. Rested?”
“As well as can be,” d’Gaz said.
“Kroetins,” Dalius said.
“What?” asked Dylan.
“Those beasts you faced. Kroetins. Old beasts, I know not where the Chinerthians found them, nor how they controlled them to their will.”
“That is not why we are here,” Mattaeus said.
“No, indeed. There has been news, much news. Sylvae is safe.”
“By thunder, that is good news indeed,” Lucas said.
“Yes, I thought you would like to know. There are reports that a small army has been attacking troops as they headed for the Portal.”
“This is your doing?” Mattaeus asked looking up at the Magicians.
“Not us,” the woman to the left said.
“No,” Dalius continued, “from the reports it sounds like Stormclouds.”
“But I thought they had gone back to Sylvae,” Bell said.
“Apparently not. The reports are of a Wizard leading them.”
“Btolomy,” Mattaeus whispered to himself.
“You know something?” Dalius asked.
“No. Nothing certain.”
“Well there is more. Sylvae may be safe, the Stormclouds bought them enough time to defeat the Chinerthians stationed there, but there is news of a dragon flying through the Portal. A dragon, can you believe?”
“I can believe,” Bell said.
“It is confirmed that it fought with another three dragons over the skies of Sylvae.”
“The Balance is very much changing,” said the Magician in the middle of the table. “Do you know what you bring? This is confirmed, the First Battle of the Dragons. You bring war unimaginable.”
“And that is why you must join us,” Bell said.
“That may be true,” the man to the right said.
“Enough with this,” the Shadow Ranger spat. “You know it is true, the dragons are flying again, fighting again. Will you sit by idly while they reclaim these Worlds as their own?”
“Calm your temper,” the woman to the right said. “We will join, we will fight, but we need the Stones of Aremis now more than ever. We must have them if we are to fight such a menace.”
“Then let us get these accursed Stones,” Lucas growled. “There is too much talk in this place, my head pounds.”
%%%
After touching the stone they found themselves in a forest. 
“Well, this is more like it,” Lucas exclaimed.
“Agreed, much more my type of place,” Bell said.
“Do not be too pleased,” the Shadow Ranger warned, “this is the Forest of Duncarth, and it is not a pleasing place.”
“How can there be a forest here?” Dylan asked.
“There are forests and green fields in this World, good farm land. It is not a lack of water that dried up this World, but a lack of Magic,” d’Gaz explained.
“Aye, but this forest is different, it survives because the Magic here could not be dried up, not be taken away. It is a Dark Magic that now dwells here,” Mattaeus agreed.
“So what can we expect?” Connor asked.
“Traps most likely, whatever is at the heart of this forest protects itself jealously. It will not be easy to get to.”
“Can you feel the Stone?” Connor asked Kaitlin.
“I can try.”
With that she closed her eyes and felt the Magic course around her. It was truly a Dark Magic, but she could feel a light in it. Feel it more intensely because of the darkness that surrounded it.
“Yes, I have it, but I fear it leads us to the centre of the forest.”
“I feared as much,” Mattaeus said. “What Magic the Black Queen possesses to be able to hide a Stone deep in here.”
“Then let us have at it,” Lucas said unshouldering his axe.
“Put that away until it is a must,” Alura told him.
“Yes, I fear it will not be strength, but guile we need,” Mattaeus said.
“That is not a word I understand,” Lucas said and d’Gaz laughed.
“Nor I, Man Mountain.”
They began walking along a thin path; they had to go single file with the trees arching over so they were almost in a tunnel. Dylan looked to his right, the trees were thick, as was the undergrowth and it was dark in there. What secrets did this forest keep? He remembered that first time in the forests of Sylvae and the deer woman who pretended to be his Mum. His Mum. He had finally admitted it to Lucas and himself that she was gone, not to some place he could find her, not to some better place; well maybe it was a better place, he couldn’t think of stuff like that. He’d kind of known all along, but it was something he had buried, something he didn’t want to acknowledge. There had been something at school, he couldn’t really remember that either, it was in a story the teacher was reading and he had known then, he had gone home and cried, but hadn’t really understood why. Life was so vague, even when you thought you understood it, it changed. Like trying to hold water, the tighter you squeezed the more it ran out of your hands.
There was a noise from the trees to their left and they all stopped. He nearly bumped into his Dad ahead of him. 
“What is it?” he whispered.
“I don’t know, Son,” his Dad said without looking around. 
They stood there waiting, but nothing more happened, nothing appeared or attacked and so they began walking again. 
After a while they came to a clearing with three paths leading off of it.
“Which way?” Bell asked Kaitlin who shut her eyes.
“The path to the right,” she told them.
“Wait,” Mattaeus warned and walked slowly to the right path.
As he approached it the path was suddenly gone, just trees and thick undergrowth.
“By thunder, what happened?” Lucas cried.
“It is Magic,” Alura said. “It is meant to trap us in the forest if we take the wrong path.”
“Then why did it disappear for Mattaeus?” Dylan asked.
“I have a few tricks up my sleeve,” he told Dylan with a smile.
“So we can just let all the wrong ones close up,” Dylan said.
“But Kaitlin said that was the right path,” Connor said.
“Yes, it will not be as easy as you hope, young Guardian.”
“So what do we do?” d’Gaz asked.
“The question is whether or not anyone is supposed to get through,” Kaitlin said.
“Yes,” Bell agreed. “There may be a way to work the puzzle out, a way to know which is the right path.”
“Which path would you say now, Kaitlin?” Mattaeus asked.
She closed her eyes and concentrated.
The Magic swirled around her, dark and forbidding. She knew not of such Dark Magic, it was nothing she had ever experienced, not even Chinerthian Magic was akin to this. But there still, glowing in the darkness was the Stone, still in the same place as before.
“It is the same,” she told them.
“That is not helpful to us,” Lucas said.
“More helpful than you think, Lucas, it means that the call of the Stone is not fixed to any one path.”
“What do you mean?” Connor asked.
“With such a spell the call of the Stone could present itself into another path, make us follow that one, ensnare us,” Mattaeus said.
“But then wouldn’t everyone know the direction to go?” Connor asked.
“I believe we may have more powerful Magicians at our side than most,” d’Gaz said.
“Yet we still have the same problem,” Bell said. “We still have three paths before us and know not which is true. If any.”
Dylan looked around, yes, there were three paths. When one closed another must have opened. He watched as the Shadow Ranger walked slowly to another path and it disappeared before him. Dylan looked around and, yes, there was another to his left. Still three.
“Such problems vex me too much, I would rather carve my own path through,” Lucas said.
“I fear that would not be helpful, Man Mountain,” d’Gaz said.
“No, it would be,” Alura said.
“Well then,” Lucas lifted his axe. “Through here you say?”
“No, Lucas,” Alura warned. “Your words were true, but your meaning was not.”
“What are you getting at?” Connor asked.
“This is enchantment. I too have looked into the Magic and it is blacker than any I have ever seen. I do not believe there are any paths.”
“What?” Lucas asked. “Then how are we to go?”
“I see her meaning,” Mattaeus said, “there is a path, Lucas, but none of these are it.”
“Keep speaking in riddles and I will start hacking,” he warned.
The Shadow Ranger smiled.
“Stay your blade. These paths are merely presented to us through Magic, an illusion that we must see through.”
“I have your meaning, Shadow Ranger, but how do we break it?” Bell asked.
“We must attempt to see beyond the enchantment,” Alura said.
She walked over to her sister and took her hand.
“We will need you too Shadow Ranger,” Kaitlin said.
“My Magic will not be enough to help,” he replied.
“But your experience will be, your time in the shadows.”
“Give us your hands, Mattaeus,” Alura said.
“I fear this is unwise,” he said.
“It is the only way,” Kaitlin said and he reluctantly took their hands.
They closed their eyes and Alura instructed Kaitlin to take the lead, to fuel her Magic with her own. Kaitlin did so and then delved into the Shadow Ranger’s Magic. She nearly fell back, such was the shock; he understated his Magic. It roiled liked an ocean, too pure to be used as she could use hers, but much older. In it she could feel secrets and stories, tales untold for generations, some never told. She felt fire and sadness, righteousness and valour. There were no shadows that could hide you from this, no enchantment that could block or trick this Magic. But it was too much, too pure, he could not focus it, surely no one could. But perhaps she could, could channel some of it. Take a little bit and see it, and in seeing it, see the truth in the World. Was this the truth that Mattaeus saw in the Worlds? Was this the prism through which he lived? No wonder the enchanted paths disappeared before him. 
She opened her eyes and sagged, but the Shadow Ranger held her up with his hand.
“You have seen much. More than one should,” he told her, but her mouth was too dry to speak.
He let her down slowly and told Connor to get her some water.
“The paths are gone. It worked,” Dylan said and then looked over at Kaitlin. “Is she OK?”
“She will be fine,” Mattaeus told him.
He looked at her, she was sitting on the floor and his Dad was giving her a little water. He could see her smile and thank him. He was glad she was OK; he was glad she had his Dad to look after her. He was good at looking after people.
They all took a break and something to eat and drink before moving along the path that had appeared. This one was wider, but it was still surrounded by dark, gloomy forest.
Things moved in the forest around them, but nothing came onto the path. Nothing, Dylan thought, he couldn’t even hear any birds, no insects buzzing around them. That was scarier than the noises from the trees.
As they walked on the path got wider, but the forest denser until they suddenly found themselves in sunlight. No trees were growing in front of them because of a wide and deep chasm that stretched to the left and right. Dylan looked, but could not see an end to it.
CHAPTER XX

“Now what?” d’Gaz asked.
“Bell, you said there could be a way to figure out the paths, to let people who knew through. Could this be the same?” Connor asked.
Bell shook his head.
“I fear that no one was supposed to ever come here,” he frowned.
“It is perhaps just as much a prison as a fortress,” Mattaeus mused.
“You should probably stop your gums flapping and move out of the way,” Lucas said and they looked at him.
He held his axe up and eyed the chasm, then one of the tall, wide trees and then the chasm again.
“Everyone move to the sides,” Bell warned and then Lucas swung his axe at the tree.
A great rent appeared in it and he swung again taking out a large notch before he walked to the other side of the tree and gave it a push. 
It creaked and moaned and then very slowly began to fall, picking up speed and crashing down. The long thick roots bare on this side and the top of the tree across the chasm.
“Why do we not just walk across?” Lucas asked with a grin.
“Good work, Man Mountain, knew you would come in use one day,” d’Gaz grinned back, patting him on a huge shoulder.
Dylan couldn’t believe how big the tree was; now that it was lying down he realized it was easily wide enough for them to walk over. Still it was hard going, d’Gaz and Mattaeus were at the front hacking away at branches, sometimes calling Lucas forward to take an especially big one out of the way. Dylan also realized how tall the tree must have been as it took them maybe half an hour to cross the chasm.
Once across they had to cut their way through the forest. Yes there was a path here, Dylan could see that by the way the vegetation grew, but the path was overgrown with bushes and overhanging branches.
“Does this mean we’ve got farther than anyone else?” he asked.
“No, I think it is another test,” Alura said.
“I’m not sure I want to find whatever is hidden at the end,” Dylan said.
“I neither,” Kaitlin said.
As they walked on there was more movement in the trees. Close enough to the path that they stopped and pulled swords, but whatever it was moved away from them. It sounded big. Dylan didn’t want to think about what it could be.
And then they came to a wall.
“A wall? In a forest?” d’Gaz said exasperated.
“Can we go around it?” Kaitlin asked.
“Who knows?” Mattaeus answered. “And we could easily get lost trying.”
“No doubt the hope of it,” Bell said.
“Look here though,” Connor said. “Some kind of writing.”
“What does it say?” Kaitlin.
“It says that the key to the door is ‘tall when young and short when old, it must die to live and be lost to give’,” Connor read.
“Well what does that mean?” Lucas asked.
“It’s a riddle,” Dylan said excitedly.
“I think he’s right,” Bell agreed.
They all stood and read the riddle to themselves silently.
“You can count out my help on this one,” Lucas said scratching his head.
“And mine I am afraid,” d’Gaz said.
“Is it a person?” Alura asked. “Getting bent over with age.”
“It does not fit well enough,” the Shadow Ranger said.
“Wood,” Bell said excitedly. “Trees grow tall and are then cut down to stumps, it must die to live, no that does not really work does it?”
“No,” Connor agreed. 
They stood there staring at the writing carved into the rock for a long time.
Time.
“Time,” said Connor. “It is tall when we are young and grows shorter as we age. It has to go away, or die, for us to live and by using or losing time we gain all the things in life.”
“It fits,” Mattaeus agreed. “But it is another riddle, what about time?”
“Maybe we have to wait for a certain time of day,” Bell suggested.
“OK, is there anything else to suggest when? Any other clue as to how time opens the door.”
They all started looking around, going up and down the wall looking for more writing. Quite quickly Dylan found the hollow. It had been carved into the stone in a square shape and was five inches squared and three inches deep. They all looked at it, but could not figure out its significance. 
“Perhaps at a certain time the Sun will hit this hollow and give us an answer,” d’Gaz said.
“We cannot wait here for twenty-four hours on just a hope,” Mattaeus replied.
“Twenty-four hours,” Dylan said and ran back to the riddle. He read it again. “It’s not time, it’s something you measure time with. A candle!”
Connor ran back and read it again.
“Yes, he’s right, tall when young and then short when burned, it dies to live its purpose and is lost, or melted, to give out light.”
“Well done, Dylan,” Bell said.
“Yes, good job, young Guardian,” Mattaeus agreed. In fact they all agreed and congratulated Dylan as Bell pulled a candle from his bag.
“I assume it goes in the hollow,” he said and the others nodded.
He lit the candle and placed it into the hole and stood back. They all watched it and waited.
Nothing happened and Dylan slumped. He really had thought he was right, it all worked, what else could it be? And then suddenly there was a groaning noise from within the stone wall and they watched as cracks in the stone began to glow with a red fire light. 
It spread up the wall and then, slowly, written in red fire were more words, higher up the wall. Also three squares became outlined in fire.
“More riddles?” Lucas asked.
They all read silently.
“Yes and no,” Mattaeus said. “It’s a choice.”
It read:

‘Lose a life if you choose this path.
Risk your eyes and ears when this path appears.
Choose bravely and this path leads through safely.’

“So,” d’Gaz said looking at the wall. “These squares seem to be some kind of buttons. We have to choose one.”
“Yes, but only one choice leads through safely.”
“How so?” Lucas asked.
“All the buttons open the door, but only one safely. One will mean the loss of a life, one, well, who knows, but something that will attack our eyes and ears, maybe worse,” Connor explained.
“So how do we know which one?” Alura asked. Are there no more clues to help us?”
They, once again, walked up and down the wall, but there was nothing.
“So what do we do?” Bell asked.
“Wait a minute,” Connor said. “Maybe there is an answer.”
“What are you thinking?” Kaitlin asked.
“Three buttons in a row, yes? Three lines in the poem. Lose, Risk and Choose. L, R and C.”
“Left, right and centre?” Bell asked.
“I think so.”
“You cannot be sure,” Mattaeus said.
“No, but what else is there?”
“He is right, it is the only idea that makes sense,” Kaitlin said.
“It is the only idea we have,” Alura corrected.
“And if he is wrong?” 
“I will take the chance,” Connor said.
“No, you are too valuable and think of your son, I will do it,” Bell told him.
“You feel you are not valuable?” d’Gaz asked.
“I am of the least value to this Quest, d’Gaz.”
“Every member is of equal value, Bell,” Mattaeus scorned him.
“This is not the place or time to argue it,” Bell said. “One of us has to push the button and it will be me.”
He walked over to the wall before anyone could stop him and pressed the central button. Nothing happened for a couple of seconds and they all held their breath. Then a door of stone opened outwards to their left. Still they stood, but nothing happened. Bell sagged a little with relief and the others let out a long breath before walking to the door.
Mattaeus looked through it before slowly walking through.
“It appears safe,” he said and they followed.
Beyond the wall was the path and more dense forest. They walked slowly forward, but still nothing happened.
“I reckon we can say well done now, Connor,” d’Gaz said.
“Yes, it seems you were right,” Mattaeus nodded.
“It worries me though,” Connor said.
“How so?”
“A magical test, a test of strength, a mental test, it’s as if these obstacles were designed especially for this group.”
“That is not possible though,” Kaitlin said.
“I am starting to think that any such thing is possible with the Shadow Ranger,” Alura said.
“I think it merely shows how good and balanced this group is, whatever fate brought us together did a good job.”
d’Gaz laughed.
“I’m still with Alura on this one.”
“Let us find out what evils await us,” Lucas said and they started on their path again.
Here, there were no noises from the forest; it was completely still, not even a breath of wind in the trees. Dylan was kind of happy that there were no beasts lurking here, but also disquieted about it. Were even beasts too scared to come past the wall? No, he sighed to himself in relief. The wall. They couldn’t get past the wall. Perhaps there would be no beasts in here to attack them; or perhaps the wall held in worse. Yes, he had to admit to that. As they got closer to the Stone, there had to be something more protecting it. He had to be ready for it, you couldn’t stay home from school because of bullies, you’d never get an education; you had to accept that they would be there and face them each day. Each Stone was like a new day with fresh wonders and terrors to be dealt with; the Halls of Kymer had held terrible beasts, but had also been an amazing building to see, filled also with unimaginable treasures. The cave of the dragon, both terrifying and magnificent. Who would have thought he would ever have met such legendary creatures? He laughed to himself, who would have ever thought he would be thinking such things, looking on the bright side of these terrible adventures.
“What brightens your face in such a dark place?” Lucas asked him.
“Nothing. I was just thinking that we have seen some amazing things.”
“That is one way of seeing things,” Lucas shook his head.
“This isn’t my life, Lucas, it’s all new, I need to see the good in this.”
“Yes, I forget. You are right though, despite all the terrors and trials it has been an interesting trip so far,” he smiled down at Dylan.
“Two smiling faces in the dark forest,” Bell said looking back at them.
“We were just saying what an eventful Quest this is, full of strange and wonderful things, were we not, young Guardian?”
Dylan smiled up at him and then they both grinned at Bell who shrugged.
“The Worlds are strange, beautiful, dangerous and exciting,” he replied.
And then Mattaeus stopped them with a hand.
CHAPTER XXI

He was looking up at the trees and Dylan followed his gaze. The tops were moving as if in a strong wind.
“What is it?” he whispered.
“Birds?” Lucas whispered back.
“Worse, I fear,” the Shadow Ranger said looking back at them.
“As I told you,” Alura noted.
“Now is not the time for wit, Alura,” he admonished. “We must be ready, keeping eyes to the trees.”
They once again drew their swords and moved on. The movement in the trees did not stop; if anything, Dylan thought it increased. What could be up there to make even the Shadow Ranger afraid?
“What up there fears you?” Alura whispered to Mattaeus.
“Not what is up there, but what may lay ahead.”
“Which is?”
“I do not want to think on it until I find it true or not.”
As they walked the trees shook with further fierceness and seemingly lower towards them. They walked on this way for another ten minutes or so; the shaking getting more and more fierce so that all of Dylan’s bright thoughts fled and fear took over him. He walked right next to Lucas, almost clinging to his leg. What was up there? Was it going to show itself or was this just another rumbling in the trees?
And then they came to another clearing. The sky was overcast and dark, or what they could see of it through the whirling bats. They were obviously big and circled above them and then something even more terrifying flew out of the trees. Four of them.
“Celano,” the Shadow Ranger shouted.
“What, by thunder, are they?” Lucas cried.
They seemed to be women, but instead of arms they had wings and their legs were covered in feathers with bird like claws instead of feet.
“Harpys,” Connor said. “Mythical creatures from ancient Earth.”
“These blight get everywhere then,” Mattaeus spat.
“How do we stop them?” Bell asked.
“I have always run away,” d’Gaz said.
“And that is what we shall do. This test is one of bravery,” Mattaeus said. “Unshoulder your bow still, Bell.”
“Woe to you,” one of the Celano cried as they swooped lower.
“Fear this now,” another cried, “but fear more what comes after.”
“You would be better here with us,” cried the third.
“Nothing is better with you,” Mattaeus shouted back.
“You know not what faces you,” the fourth cried.
“I am well aware.”
“Yet you are alive,” the second Celano cried.
“Recognise me you should, foul winged beast.”
“We feast on humans, not know them,” the fourth cried.
“Come on let us continue,” Mattaeus said and they followed him across the clearing.
Suddenly all the bats swooped and they ducked, trying to shield their heads with their hands. d’Gaz swiped above him with his sword to no avail and then then bats flew back up.
They were all shocked by the intensity, Dylan found that he was crying, it had been horrible. The screeching and sounds of wings while they blotted out any light; a screaming hurricane of winged creatures.
They were back on their feet and the Shadow Ranger urged them on as the Celano cackled evil laughter. 
“That is nothing to our fury,” one cried to them.
“Come here and feel the edge of my axe,” Lucas shouted.
“I will feel your flesh between my teeth before the day has ended,” another hissed.
“Bell, show them what you have,” Mattaeus ordered as they walked on.
Bell stopped and as quick as a flash fired an arrow through the wing of one of the Celano. It hissed in pain and flapped its wings rapidly.
“Come a length closer and it will be your heart,” Bell shouted up at them.
“We will feast on you first,” two of them said together baring their razor sharp teeth.
They walked to the edge of the clearing and back onto the path. This path was wide though and the sky would be visible above if it wasn’t covered in the bats as they, along with the Celano, followed.
“I don’t like this,” Dylan complained.
“Be brave, young Guardian, they wish only to scare us.”
“They are doing a good job on me,” Connor admitted and Kaitlin took his hand.
“Can we not just use Magic against them?” she asked.
“No, not on Celano, they will absorb it,” Mattaeus said. “We will use the old fashioned way, but not quite yet.”
They walked on as the Celano taunted them and shouted abuse about how they were going to die. Dylan couldn’t take their constant shouting along with the never-ending sound of bat wings. 
“Just go away,” he burst out.
The Celano laughed.
“You fear us and yet there is more to fear ahead. Why don’t you run away, run into the trees where you might be safe?” they taunted.
“No! The Shadow Ranger is afraid of nothing,” he shouted.
“Dylan, no!” Mattaeus shouted, but it was too late.
The Celano wheeled up into the sky chattering to themselves before hovering lower again.
“So, it is you, Bane.”
“It is not of your business.”
“You cannot pass,” another hissed.
And then the bats were descending.
“Alura,” Mattaeus shouted.
“With pleasure,” she replied as she sent a wave of Magic into the air.
Many bats shot skyward, but many more were hit by the Magic and fell to the ground dead.
“How dare you,” the Celano hissed.
“I have had enough of your foul kind, my days of mercy are over,” the Shadow Ranger shouted. “Bell.”
The Forest Ranger once again drew his bow and swiftly sighted on the Celano and fired. 
One, slightly higher than the others, managed to escape with only a wound, but the other three fell to the ground stone dead, an arrow in each of their hearts.
“Each of us of equal value,” Mattaeus said to Bell before turning to walk on.
“Wait,” Kaitlin said and Mattaeus stopped. “You said they should know you.”
“Yes.”
They all looked at him and he sighed.
“I do not wish to speak unless I am certain, but there is only one person that is heralded by four Celano. Someone evil, I fear he awaits us.”
“Who?” Bell asked.
“We shall find out soon enough, sheath your weapons, but keep a hand to them.”
With that he turned and began to walk and after a second they followed.
They followed the path in silence. After a while they entered another wide clearing. The clearing looked to be natural, but it seemed that there had been a canopy covering it until recently. All around the edge were the remains of that canopy and the trees around the edge looked like they had been hacked apart by a madman with an axe. In the centre was a wooden structure, just four posts holding up a roof, but in the middle of it was a wooden throne in which sat a man. At his feet lay the wounded Celano.
“My patience has paid off, I knew you would come,” the man said.
“Since when did you become a lackey for the Black Queen?” the Shadow Ranger asked and the man laughed.
“You mean this?” he held up the Stone. “Merely a beacon for you to follow.”
“You could have sought me out.”
“Oh, how tiresome. Why would I run around the Worlds when I could wait here?”
“You could not have known we would come,” Bell said.
“All eventualities come to pass over a long enough time,” the man said.
“Who are you?” Alura asked.
“My, he has not told you about me? I thought the Celano would have given it away.”
“They are dead,” Mattaeus simply said.
“All but one,” he replied looking down at the wounded Celano.
“I will kill it now,” Bell said unshouldering his bow.
“I would rather you did not, I would prefer to see it die slowly in pain,” he said and so Bell shot it. The man sighed.
“By thunder, who is this man?” Lucas asked crossly.
“This is Cyclo the Wicked,” Mattaeus said.
“Greetings to you all,” the man smiled magnanimously.
“We are here for the Stone,” d’Gaz said.
“Of course, of course,” Cyclo said. “And you took your time, Arturo. I’ve been bored.”
“I can solve that for you,” Mattaeus said pulling his sword.
“Not so fast, Bane, things have changed,” he threw the Stone at Connor’s feet. “You can have the Stone, it is of no interest to me.”
“What treachery is this?” Mattaeus asked.
“I am being naughty. I heard you were looking for the Stones so came to meet you. I really shouldn’t be here,” he gave a delinquent grin, “but I wanted to help you.”
“You help no one but yourself.”
“I’m the only one I’ve met worth my help,” Cyclo shrugged.
“Then cut to the chase before I cut you to your end,” d’Gaz threatened.
“Ooh,” Cyclo waved his hands and giggled at d’Gaz. “I’ve already helped you, do you think that wall was built to keep you out or me in? No, but I have dealt with the beast that protected this Stone. No need to thank me.”
“None was coming,” Bell said.
“Meany. Still, have this, while the Gods have rested the monsters have not, or is it the other way around? Am I a god or monster? Oh, shut up, Ranger I know your answer before you give it. You’ve all moped and hidden away while around you the game has continued.”
“It is against your very nature to help us, there is no reason to believe your words,” the Shadow Ranger said.
“Oh, but that’s the joy, helping you helps me. Isn’t that fun? It will gall you to do anything to help me, but you can’t give up on your Quest can you?” Cyclo laughed to himself. “And in the end, Shadow Ranger, your end will come at the end of my blade, no one else’s.”
“It will be your end, Cyclo, I will not show you the mercy I did before.”
“It was a weakness,” Cyclo seethed and then relaxed. “But it matters not, for I will see you in battle before this is ended.”
“How have you heard of news from the Worlds from in here?” Connor asked thinking of all the trials they went through to reach this man.
“A great winged messenger came to see me,” Cyclo winked at him.
“A dragon,” Dylan said thinking of the broken trees.
“Indeed, child. And when a dragon comes to see you, you know things are serious. The Black Queen’s time is coming to an end and then others will rule the Worlds. And they, Arturo, will not show mercy.”
“I will simply rid the Worlds of you now,” Mattaeus growled.
“Not just yet, Shadow Ranger,” he said and there was a great noise from above.
They looked up to see a crimson red dragon descending.
“I will leave you to walk. I prefer to fly,” Cyclo said with a wicked grin.
“Run,” shouted Bell. “Back into the trees!”
They ran back as the dragon got closer and continued to run until they had passed the clearing of the Celano.
“What is going on?” Alura panted.
“We have to get back to the Hall of Reclamation as fast as we can,” Mattaeus said. “Drink some water now, a bit of food and then we move.”
They hurried back through the forest and Dylan was exhausted by the time they reached the stone again. The forest this side of the wall had been alive with noises, perhaps whatever was in there was scared by the presence of the dragon. He knew he was. 
And then they placed their hands on the stone and arrived back into chaos.

CHAPTER XXII

All around them were people fighting, red cloaks and Stone Hunters. Swords clashed and blood flashed. They had no time to think, they drew their swords and joined in the battle.
There were hundreds of red cloaks and not enough Hunters, but the might and skill of the Foreshadow evened the odds. There was no way to tell what happened, how they fought or fell, who did what nor to whom as the fighting was fast and fierce until the red cloaks backed off and fled.
A cheer went up from the Stone Hunters, but Dylan looked around to see many bodies lying still on the ground.
“By thunder, what has happened?” Lucas cried.
“Treachery,” Dalius panted as he stumbled over to them. 
d’Gaz took him by the arm and Dylan could see he was cut and covered in blood.
“It is why we have not been troubled by them, they have been mustering their forces,” Bell said.
“Who let them in?” Mattaeus asked. “Who has deceived us?”
“Evylute. He was seen,” Dalius rasped.
“You must rest,” Connor said.
“What did they want of you?”
“Us,” Alura said. “Kaitlin and I.”
“Kaitlin?” Connor asked and looked around.
Nothing. He turned all around. He scanned the bodies on the floor. No.
“They have taken her,” Mattaeus said.
“Yes, this was the plan, to take her in the chaos.”
“We must find her,” Connor urged.
“There is more news,” Dalius said. “Hokino is at war. The Chinerthians are trying to take full control. The Black Queen must know what is happening now. We must have the five Stones, Shadow Ranger.”
“He is right, we must get the last Stone first.”
“I am not leaving Kaitlin,” Connor insisted.
“Nor I,” d’Gaz said. “They will try to resurrect Medraza; that cannot happen.”
“No, we need you, d’Gaz; nothing will matter if we do not get the Stone.”
“Then I will go alone,” Connor said.
“No,” Dylan pleaded.
“I will go with him,” Bell said.
“Medraza is mine to face,” d’Gaz said.
“We cannot split our forces, you saw how we fought the forest traps together,” Mattaeus insisted.
“And so you will leave her to her fate?” Connor shouted.
“She is my sister and he is right,” Alura said. “We can go and rescue Kaitlin and it will not matter if the Stone falls into the hands of the Chinerthians.”
“We can fight the Chinerthians and Medraza, but we cannot save Hokino without the Stone,” Mattaeus said quietly.
“No words will dissuade me,” Connor said.
“So be it, Guardian.”
“Maybe we can help,” a voice said from across the room.
“Thunderground,” Lucas exclaimed.
“We could have done with your help sooner,” Mattaeus said.
“So I can see,” he said looking around. “Dalius, you look like you need a drink.”
Dalius smiled.
“As ever, your humour pains me more than any sword.”
“Tend to his wounds,” Thunderground instructed and two Stormclouds rushed over and helped him out of the room.
“What is the problem?” Thunderground asked and Bell explained.
“So we know where this Cult of Warena is?”
“Yes,” Connor replied.
“And you will go alone if must?”
“I will.”
“Leaving your Son?”
Connor thought on what the strange little man with the long beard had said.
“He is in safer hands than mine at all times,” he said looking at Lucas who blushed a little.
“So be it, we will go and rescue Kaitlin why you go and find this Stone thing,” Thunderground said.
“You cannot face such as Medraza. Even you Thunderground,” d’Gaz warned.
“Worry not of the Fury,” another voice spoke and they turned to see Btolomy.
But now he stood straight, carried a black staff and his beard was long and grey with streaks of pure white.
“Alarxir-Neko,” Mattaeus said. “How did I not see?”
“Like you I have kept to the shadows.”
“By thunder, is that you Btolomy?” Lucas asked.
“It is I, Lucas, it is good to see you well.”
“Not as well as you, Wizard,” Bell smiled.
“I have not seen as much grief as you, Forest Ranger.”
“I believe that not anymore,” Bell laughed.
“Then it is settled, the Stormclouds will go with Connor to rescue Kaitlin while the rest of us retrieve the last Stone and stop Hokino falling,” Mattaeus said.
“I like it not, but let us do it,” d’Gaz said.  
Connor knelt down to Dylan.
“Are you going to be OK?”
“Yes,” he replied, but could feel tears in his eyes. “We’ll both be safe. Just bring Kaitlin back, OK?”
Connor smiled.
“I will,” he said and hugged his Son.
%%%
As the Foreshadow of Balance placed their hands on the stone, Connor walked out of the room with Thunderground and Btolomy. They were joined by the Stormclouds along the way and made no pretense. They walked along the roads and as they did so more Stormclouds joined them. They saw no Chinerthian guards, but were told they were fortifying positions around the city and calling for reinforcements. Most importantly they were trying to enter the Magician’s Star and being held off. Some of the Stormclouds were sent back to hamper this entry; they were going to need to get there with the last Stone.
But that was not where they were going. Connor knew he was leading this, knew they were going for him, but he had no plan, he didn’t know what to do when they got there and hoped Thunderground would.
As if reading his thoughts, Thunderground asked, “Do you have a plan?”
“No, this isn’t really my thing,” he admitted.
“No, a civilian cast into a war, I’m surprised you have made it this far,” Thunderground clapped him on the shoulder and laughed.
“Thanks.”
“You will be fine,” Btolomy assured him.
“So what is the plan?” Connor asked.
“They cannot kill her as they need her, a frontal assault will be the quickest route to our goal,” Btolomy said.
“The years have not dulled you, Master,” Thunderground grinned.
“Nor made you more sensible,” Btolomy chided.
“Master?” Connor asked.
“This is Alarxir-Neko, founder of the Stormclouds,” Thunderground said.
“This Quest never ceases to amaze me,” Connor sighed.
“Come, we draw close,” Btolomy said and instructed a Stormcloud who relayed the message to the rest. “The Lightningstrikes will go in fast, led by Thunderground, we will follow in their wake. I have a sense of where she is.”
It was a large building, but not unlike any other on the street. There was nothing to make it stand out, nor hint at the evil that lay inside. But Connor shuddered anyway.
Then around them the Lightningstrikes drove forward, leaping up the walls, clinging to window ledges and bricks. Some burst forth through windows and they could hear the commotion inside. Before long the large front doors were opened by Thunderground himself and the rest ran in. 
It was a spacious, empty house, but there were red cloaks everywhere fighting with Stormclouds. Connor could see them in rooms and up on the upper floor balcony. A red cloak crashed over the balcony rail and landed at their feet.
More Stormclouds and red cloaks fought around them, and one came at them, but Btolomy parried her blow with his staff and she staggered back. Others now sensed that Btolomy was a leader and they circled them. Connor drew his sword as they attacked. He tried his best to fight, to remember what he had been told, but he didn’t need to as Btolomy was whirring this way and that, sending red cloaks flying. They pressed in for another attack when Thunderground appeared and cut down one, then two, then another. 
“This way,” Btolomy commanded and they followed him towards the back of the house. “Stop.”
They stopped next to a stone wall and he put his hand on it. He moved it a little this way. Then that way. And then stopped.
The wall began to glow green and then a secret door opened under his hand.
Beyond it were stone steps leading down and a Lightningstrike took the lead with Thunderground as Btolomy and Connor followed behind. There were clashing swords in front of them and Connor could see the Lightningstrike and Thunderground fighting five or six red cloaks. More Stormclouds came rushing past him and the red cloaks fell. They moved on down as more Stormclouds came past them as the stairs fanned out into an underground room. Connor could see that once again Stormclouds and red cloaks were in fierce battle.
CHAPTER XXIII

The rest of the Foreshadow found themselves once again in low mountains watching a battalion of Chinerthian soldiers marching below them.
“Do they have the Stone?” Mattaeus asked.
“No,” Alura said. “It is still a while away.”
They hid and waited for the Chinerthians to pass before climbing down the rocks and onto the sand. They were thankfully hidden from view by the dust storm the Chinerthian soldiers kicked up.
“That bodes not well for the Capital City,” Bell said.
“No, we must be swift,” Mattaeus agreed.
“Golgathlind will fall if the Fury is unleashed,” d’Gaz warned.
“And the Stormclouds are seeing that that does not happen,” the Shadow Ranger spoke.
“I hope so,” d’Gaz replied.
They continued on and found themselves at another rocky outcrop.
“Just over this ridge,” Alura said. “We must go slowly.”
They edged their way up to the edge and looked down to a flat area amongst the rocks. Here they could see a large cave entrance with Chinerthians standing around it.
There was a scream from inside the cave and then quiet.
“They know not how to get through,” Bell said.
“Or have not the wit to do it right,” d’Gaz said.
“They must know what they are facing,” Alura said.
“Perhaps it is another beast,” Lucas offered.
They watched the Commander order another man to go in and they could see that he did not want to, but went anyway.
“They must know that we have the other Stones, if they are trying to get this one,” Dylan said.
“Yes, Evylute’s doing again, I fear,” Mattaeus replied.
“Will the Black Queen know?” Bell asked.
There was a scream from inside the cave.
“Not easy to tell. Their lack of knowledge on how to retrieve the Stone suggests she has not sent them,” the Shadow Ranger told them.
“Aye,” d’Gaz agreed, “like on Sylvae. Trying to get it under control before telling her.”
“But she will know something is happening here,” Mattaeus said.
“We have to get into that cave,” Bell said.
Another soldier was being sent in, this time a woman.
Alura did not want to watch another person sent to their death. They may be Chinerthians, but they were still people, alone and afraid in that black cave. 
She turned away.
And saw just in time to shove the Shadow Ranger into a gap between two large rocks where he disappeared into the shadow.
“You will not move,” a voice ordered and they all turned to see ten Chinerthians behind them with swords drawn ready to strike.
“Stand back or die,” d’Gaz warned.
“d’Gaz,” Alura said. “We have to get into that cave.”
“That can be arranged,” the Captain said. “Disarm them.”
They found themselves down amongst the Chinerthians.
“Well, well,” the Commander mused. “You must be the Stone gatherers come to get the last Stone.”
“The fact that you have your head means your Queen knows not of it,” Bell said.
“Silence, scum,” he ordered. “The Black Queen knows all things.”
“But not of your failings,” d’Gaz said.
“You will not get the last Stone and so it will not matter,” the Commander said.
“You will not be able to stop us,” Alura warned.
“I fear not of you,” the Commander said and then thought. “Perhaps you will get the Stone after all.
“You have managed to get the others and my soldiers fail me here. Yes, you will get the Stone for me.”
“Never,” Bell swore.
“It will be that or death.”
“It will be you who dies,” d’Gaz warned.
“We need that Stone,” Alura said.
“So, it is a woman’s wisdom. Men and women have failed, perhaps a boy will succeed,” the Commander sneered and Dylan was pulled from the rest.
“No,” shouted Lucas and struggled against the soldiers holding him. He nearly broke free, but Alura stopped him.
“Be calm, Lucas, look around.”
“How can you?” he stormed, but did look about him. Alura, Bell, d’Gaz… No Shadow Ranger.
“We need that Stone,” she said.
“If there is a scream from that cave, even a sigh, you will all be dead before your heart can tell your brain,” Lucas promised.
“I don’t want to go,” Dylan cried, tears running down his cheeks. He had never been so scared.
“I will be with you,” Alura said. “All of us will be.”
He looked at them all. No Shadow Ranger. 
No Shadow Ranger. 
He had escaped. He could help.
It was up to him now then, up to him and the Shadow Ranger to get into the cave and find the Stone. He had to be brave.
“I’ll be back,” Dylan told Lucas.
“I know,” he replied.
“Oh! Such bravery in one so young, if only I had more men such as this. You see this, cowards? A mere boy is willing to do what you fear!”
%%%
The Shadow Ranger rolled out of the shadows and crouched up. He watched as the rest of the Quest were taken down to the Commander. He viewed the soldiers and tried to work out how to help them, how to create a diversion.
He saw Dylan being pushed towards the Commander. He had to act.
“He can do it,” a voice said.
And there he was, sitting on a rock smoking his pipe.
“You should not interfere.”
The little old man shrugged.
“Perhaps not, but I have a fondness for the boy.”
“Do not play me,” the Shadow Ranger warned.
“I have a fondness for you too. You know there is more to this than one Quest. Things happen beyond even what you can see.”
“So you use us.”
“For ultimate good.”
“And that justifies letting but a boy walk into a dark cave to face his fears?”
“He can face them. You cannot.”
“I can help him.”
“Yes. And you should. But you cannot go too deep, you would be unstuck. Even you. This is his time.”
“You cannot let a boy be a pawn in your games.”
“This is no game,” the old man thundered and seemed to grow in size, a face like smoke and lightning, but then he was just there puffing on his pipe again. “Everyone faces their fears, their sorrows and their pain and grows stronger. Even you. I remember it still.”
“Speak not of it,” Mattaeus said and looked to the floor.
“I have loved you like a Son, Arturo, now go and help another; help him live and grow,” the old man said kindly.
%%%
Dylan looked back from the mouth of the cave, he saw Lucas standing there and thought he was crying. He gave him a thumbs up with a smile he didn’t feel and then looked back into the blackness of the cave. Lucas wouldn’t be scared, he was scared of nothing and the Shadow Ranger was surely nearby. He wouldn’t let him have to go in alone, wouldn’t make him go in at all. Surely.
He wanted to look back again at his friends, his family, but he could not; he had to face this and face it alone. He had to get the Stone so that they could save this World. He knew that Bell, d’Gaz, Alura and Lucas could beat all of those Chinerthians; he knew they were letting him go because they knew he could get the Stone. They believed in him.
He thought of his Dad and was glad he wasn’t here; he would never let this happen. But it had to happen. This was his time; this was where he did something for the Quest, not just tag along.
He looked into the darkness and remembered something about pirates. They wore an eye patch so that when they went below in ships they could flip it up and have better night vision. His Dad had taught him that. He hoped his Dad was OK.
He closed his eyes and walked into the cave. He could feel the darkness cover him and he stopped and after a minute opened his eyes and realised that the cave was a lot brighter than he thought it would be. 
He could see that in front of him was a wooden bridge and looked around to see where the light was coming from. There was nothing, but he had seen enough in these Worlds not to be surprised.
“I am here,” a voice said and Dylan jumped. “Be calm it is I, Mattaeus.”
“Oh, I knew you’d come,” Dylan said nearly weeping in relief.
“I am here. You can see?”
“Yes.”
“It is by some magic, Dylan, remember that. But remember also that it is because you are to see what is ahead of you, to give you the chance to work out the traps.”
“Traps?”
“Yes, this place is a test of courage and thought.”
“But you can get through it, can’t you?”
“I am sorry, Dylan,” he said walking out of the shadows, “I cannot come much further.”
“Why not?” Dylan could feel the fear pushing up his throat.
“Because you can do this, Dylan, you can succeed where I cannot, I would only hinder you.”
“No. You can do everything.”
The Shadow Ranger laughed.
“Not even I can do everything, young Guardian.”
“But what am I supposed to do?”
“Let us look.”
They walked to the wooden bridge together.
“See here,” Mattaeus said. “An inscription: ‘The waters roll under this bridge. As the waters under, over.’”
“What does it mean?” Dylan asked.
“Think.”
“I don’t know. Waters roll over the bridge the same as they do under? Water will come?”
“Not quite. The waters roll under the bridge, be above as beneath.”
“That’s just another riddle.”
“Think.”
Dylan looked at the words and thought.
“Roll.”
“Very good.”
“You should roll over the bridge because the water rolls under it.”
“Exactly,” the Shadow Ranger smiled.
“I don’t want to,” Dylan frowned.
The Shadow Ranger bent down and hugged him briefly.
“Then I leave you to face your fears. Retrieve the Stone while I retrieve our friends.”
“No, stay with me, they can fight the Chinerthians,” Dylan said desperately.
The Shadow Ranger shook his head.
“There are too many of them, to fight is to risk death.”
“Alura said she would be with me,” Dylan blurted out.
“Then you are in safe hands, young Guardian. Dylan of the Shed.”
And with that Mattaeus had disappeared into the shadows.
CHAPTER XXIV

Dylan looked back at the bridge and took a deep breath, he briefly wondered where the water was coming from and going, but he knew he was stalling. He let out his breath and ran at the bridge, rolling over it as two blades whizzed above his head. He came to a stop on the other side and caught his breath again. He saw a lever by the bridge and pulled it; the blades swung above the bridge again and then slowly swung to a stop, hanging over it. He had survived.
He turned around and looked ahead; he could see some wooden planks and walked up to them. They stretched across a ravine that had water running under it, churning and bubbling. He thought that the river may zigzag, or maybe this was another river. The wooden planks formed a rickety bridge running from one pole to another, they were literally just planks of wood and the poles went down into the water. He tested the first one with his foot, it creaked and he took his foot off of it.
He tried again, it had to carry his weight, why else would it be there? He stepped up on it and it groaned, but held him. He was glad the Shadow Ranger had not come; he didn’t think the planks would hold an adult, especially not Lucas.
He walked slowly along the planks, stopping at each wobbly pole and testing the next. He tried not to look at the water below, but it was hard as he had to look at his feet. The bridge, if you could call it that, wasn’t straight either but zigzagged across the ravine.
He walked off one plank and onto the pole, let it stop wobbling and then put his foot on the next plank. It slipped on wetness and he wheeled back, his arms up, his head over water, one leg straight out, the other on the pole. He waved his arms and tightened his stomach muscles as he leant forward, trying to get his weight over his leg and then he was pulling in his other leg and putting it down. He wobbled and shook, but he was alright. He had got too cocky, had tried to go too fast.
He got to the last one and it wobbled as he walked, forcing him to walk with his arms out like a tightrope walker, but he got across and fell to the ground, exhausted.
He couldn’t sit for long though, he had to keep going, had to see what was next for him to face in the dim light. He got up and walked on, he remembered Mattaeus saying about the cave being lit by Magic, he hoped he wouldn’t come across anything magical, he couldn’t get past that.
But it wasn’t a magical wall he had to face, but a very real one. 
The ground sloped down as he walked on until he came again to the rushing river, this time he was on the bank and there was a wooden raft pulled up on the bank and a rope stretched over the river. Looking closer he could see that the raft was attached to the rope with another rope. He was going to have to pull himself over the water to the other side.
There wasn’t anything else to do so he pushed the boat into the fast flowing water and stepped on. It rolled and rocked and he nearly fell off before he could grab the rope. He took a deep breath and began to pull. It was quickly exhausting, the water wanted to pull the raft away from the rope so he had to strain to keep the raft close enough whilst also pulling himself to the other side. It was a long battle that strained his every muscle and many times he felt like giving up, maybe just falling into the rushing water and letting it take him wherever it wanted. But he didn’t, he kept going, not thinking, just pulling and all of a sudden he was at the other bank. He didn’t stop; he pulled the raft up and looked around. He was faced by a tall stone cliff. No, he thought, no, there must be a way around it, but he knew there wasn’t. He could see it stretching away left and right and knew he had to climb. 
All he wanted to do was sit down and rest, but if he did he would never get up again, would never climb the wall. He would die here as the others died outside.
So he walked up to it and looked, yes, there was a foothold, and there a crack he could grab. He didn’t think, ignored his aching arms and legs and began to climb.
He scaled the wall, his muscles burning. His foot slipped and he scrabbled for a handhold. There. Hanging now from just his hands, his arms cut and bleeding, he tried to find footholds, yes, there was one. It took all his might to raise the other leg against the pain and find another, but he managed and kept climbing. Further up and a rock gave way in his hand and he dangled outwards before grabbing another crack. He was sweating now and the salty water stung his eyes, but he couldn’t wipe his face, he just kept going.
Up and up he went, nothing in his mind other than the old children’s song, ‘London Bridge is Falling Down’ that played through is head on repeat. He couldn’t feel his arms or legs, didn’t think about what he was doing, just mechanically looked for holds and then moved. Handhold, foothold, handhold, foothold. Inch by inch, minute by minute, there wasn’t anyone called Dylan anymore, just a climbing machine, a Stone Hunter, a Boy on a Quest. There was no end as there was no beginning, just a Quest, a never ending Quest to make the Worlds a better place, to live a life that was a life that was lived. He felt his hands slip in his exhaustion, he reached out, but he knew this was his last effort.
And then suddenly he found the edge of the cliff, his eyes refocused, his brain switched back on, the light of the cave nearly blinded him, it was nearly the end of him, so close, so relieved; he nearly didn’t have the energy to push himself up and over the top.
But then he found himself lying on the flat top of the cliff.
He’d made it, and it had to have been him, no one else could have used such small cracks to climb up. Maybe Bell. Yes, maybe Bell was light enough to get over the wooden planks, had small enough hands and feet to climb the wall, and the strength to do it, but the others could not have made it. It had to have been him; the Shadow Ranger couldn’t have come with him. And it was this thought that urged him up and to his feet, he had to do this, if he failed no one else was going to be able to. He looked back and saw a rope coiled up at the top of the cliff. He walked over and found it attached to a wooden stake and so he threw it down the cliff face. He then turned and staggered forwards falling to his knees, pushing himself back to his feet and walking forward to find the next challenge.
He walked along the flat ground trying to stretch his leg muscles as he walked, the burning was going away, but his legs still felt a little like jelly. He whirled his arms around at his sides and stretched them too before stopping to shake out each limb. 
And then there ahead of him he could see the Stone sitting on a stone pedestal. He nearly ran for it, there was nothing between him and the Stone, but that made him stop. Would it be that easy now? No, he didn’t think so. He stopped and looked at the floor, it had lines carved into it so that it formed squares like a chessboard, and in front of him was another square on its own. He stooped down to look at it, his leg muscles groaning. There didn’t seem to be anything to it, just a square carved into the ground. He put his hand on it and suddenly something lit up in front of him, he stood quickly but the light had disappeared. He looked back down at the square and slowly lifted his foot and set it down inside the square. The squares ahead of him lit up, most were red, but a number were blue. He raised his foot and the lights disappeared, but not before he had noticed something in their light. He walked to the edge of the squares and looked down; an inscription carved into the floor.
“Burn not with eagerness” the inscription read.
He walked back and stood on the square. Well, red and blue; red usually meant hot and blue cold so he looked at the blue squares. Yes, there was a path across, jumping from one to another, but how would he know when the lights went out? He looked around for a rock or something to place on the square, but there was nothing. He didn’t think it would work anyway, that would be too easy. No, he was going to have to remember exactly where they were before he left.
He stood on the square and went through the path before stepping off and trying to remember. He got through five before he got lost and had to stand on the square again. This continued seven times, eight, nine, ten; each time he would get further across until he felt that he could do it. If he forgot half way through he would be lost, but it was now or never. He took a last look at the lit squares before stepping forward and onto the first, now unlit square.
Nothing happened.
He took a big step to the next one and then the next. He was halfway across before he started doubting. Yes, the next one was correct, but which was the next square? He looked at them all and then back the way he came. They all looked the same. No, that was where he started and then he went to there, and then there, he ran it through his head and decided he should go diagonally right for the next square. He took a deep breath and stepped.
Nothing. Phew. Yes, he was right, next was that square. He went trusting his instincts and memory and finally came to the other side. Here was another square, was he going to have to do it all again backwards? He stepped on the square and the squares lit up, but when he stepped off they stayed lit. He let out a long sigh and, turning, walked up to the Stone.
He stopped and started looking around for an inscription. None. He went back to the pedestal and walked around it. Nothing that he could see. What was he to do? Could he really believe that he could just take the Stone? Or had he overcome all the obstacles and now had won the prize?
There wasn’t much to do other than take the Stone and get back to his friends; he hoped that the Shadow Ranger had been able to free them. He stood in front of the Stone looking at it, much like a film he had watched with his Dad once. He flexed his fingers and then put his hand around the Stone. Nothing happened. He slowly lifted it, but still nothing happened. He let out a long breath, he had beaten the cave, had won the Stone. 
And then the wall behind the pedestal showered dust and stones upon him. He looked up at it and could see cracks starting to run through it. Cracks and then water started to spring out, forcing the cracks bigger.
“I guess I found where the river went,” he said to himself before turning and running.
He heard a loud crack behind him and knew that the water was going to come.
He leapt from blue square to square, there was already water reaching him and he saw it hiss and steam as it touched the red squares. And then behind him he heard a large bang and didn’t have to look back to know that water had burst through the wall. Lots of water.
He ran as fast as his tired legs could take and then he was at the cliff. He grabbed the rope and swung over the edge just before a torrent of water shot over his head and poured down. He was getting soaked as he climbed down and the water falling on him made it difficult to hold on. And then he heard an enormous boom and knew that the full torrent was unleashed.
He dropped the last few feet into a foot of water and could see that the river was filling up fast, the raft being rocked back and forth in the swirling water. He could hear the deep rumbling of water behind him as he jumped on the raft, but there was no time to get across the river. He was only a quarter of the way when the water shot out and over the cliff, a tsunami of crashing water that hit the raft just seconds after he fell to his belly and held on.
The raft was taken aboard the runaway steam train of water as it washed over him and past where the plank bridge had been. He couldn’t think of anything other than trying to gulp in air and hold onto the raft, but it was no good, he was flipped off of it and flew into the air before dropping into the charging waves and foam.
In the swirling waters before him he saw the dangling blades above the bridge and tried to swim to the side, but he couldn’t and the water rushed him towards them, flicking him left at the last moment so that he barely missed the blades before being shot out of the cave in a torrent of water.
CHAPTER XXV

The Shadow Ranger had a problem with being seen. He guessed, correctly, that the only reason the rest of the Foreshadow had not tried to fight was that they knew they needed the Stone. They believed the Shadow Ranger to be with Dylan and that would end in one of two ways. The Shadow Ranger would act as a surprise attack, giving them the chance to reach their weapons or he and Dylan could escape with the Stone.
To try and fight this number, especially unarmed, would mean certain death to at least one of them, there was no point risking it and losing the Stone, better to wait.
If they saw the Shadow Ranger, however, they would assume one of two things, either that Dylan was dead and they needed to get the Stone or that he had escaped and it was time to fight back to the transporting stone. Either way their chances of success would not be good, he would have to change that without being seen by either party.
So he took his time moving through the shadows of the rocks, silently assassinating any Chinerthian he could get close to. Waiting until he was sure no one would see and then slipping out of a shadow and pulling the poor soldier back into their death. It was not something he enjoyed, yes he had hunted men and women with crimes upon their heads and the Chinerthians had more than most by following the Black Queen, but it still felt wrong without a definite crime to punish. And he had, for so long, tried to avoid killing, rather taking people back to where justice awaited them. This, though, was not about justice, this was war. War to free the Worlds from tyranny and oppression and he knew without any doubt that he fought on the side of righteousness.
He jumped up on a boulder and down onto another guard, pulling him around the boulder by his neck to find that it had snapped in his powerful hands. Again he felt guilt and sorrow for the death; perhaps if things had been different he would have been friends with this person. But, no, he shook his head, he had friends and he was doing this to protect them. 
There. There was a guard who seemed to be looking around, perhaps having noticed the disappearance of his fellow soldiers. He had to get to him before he raised an alarm. Through the shadows he raced, flitting in and out where he had to before reaching the rocks where a soldier lay. Just in time, the Chinerthian had seen the body as Mattaeus appeared and left the two bodies to cool together.
How many had he taken down? Ten maybe, just those who made up the furthest circle. Perhaps they had formed an outer ring in the hope of not being called to enter the cave. Had they been scared to do something that an elven year old boy had not? He wondered how Dylan was doing, he had tried to see him, tried to connect, but he could not and he wondered if Alura could despite her promise. The cave was lit by Magic, perhaps it was protected by the same Magic. It was a test of courage, skill and brains, Mattaeus had no doubt about that and had no doubt that Dylan had all three attributes. He was growing up to be a fine young man, everything that these Worlds needed. Was it really a coincidence, a happenstance, which brought this boy to the Four Worlds? He had been angry with the old man, but he knew that Tarcalla ruled the Four Worlds, maybe all five. The old songs or yore spoke of how Tarcalla, Lady of Chance, ruled all the Universes. He had not believed that there were more Universes, but that was the same as all those he had met that believed not in the Fifth World. Everything was deeper than he thought, even this Quest and its outcome.
Finding Cyclo with the Stone was unexpected and troubling, but not as troubling as his words. He was not surprised by the news that others were involved and that this Quest had deeper meaning outside of the Balance. It was not coincidence that they should have Bell with them, one of those that started the rebellion they had now ended and that would irk Tarcalla. So he had always known, but it was still vexing to have it confirmed. They would have to tread carefully for they knew not the plans of others, not least Cyclo. He would play both sides to open an opportunity for himself and that was what he had seemed to say. Would he try and play Mattaeus off of greater foes in the hope that all would lose and he would stand triumphant? Ruler of the Dark World perhaps? Could he have something to do with the Fury? He would have to find all this out if they were to have a clear path to the Black Queen and The Book. 
Finally the soldier he had been watching was moving to a place from which he could strike and so now he darted from rock to rock, shadow to shadow, up and down the mountain and then in one swift motion took the unsuspecting guard to a final resting place. Now, the odds were evened somewhat.
And then the very rocks on which he stood shook and he looked up to the cave entrance. The shaking increased and suddenly a great wave erupted from the entrance and on that wave a body, he was sure of it. It was time to move.
He sprang through the shadows, no longer as careful to be unseen and leapt into the midst of the stunned Chinerthians, cutting down two at once.
The rest of the Foreshadow needed no urging; they fought off their surprised captors and headed straight for their weapons. Alura fired one, two, three blasts of Magic at the confused Chinerthians while the Commander shouted instructions unto deaf ears.
And now the Foreshadow was fighting and the Chinerthians, regaining their senses, were fighting back. Not Lucas though, he was mowing through soldiers to get to the cave where he stooped in the still flowing waters and held up a small, limp body.
%%%
He had watched that cave every second since Dylan had left; he felt both a hollow inside him as well as a great weight on his shoulders. He had to believe that the Shadow Ranger was in there with him, but he just couldn’t know that.
He felt no tiredness, he was not sure he ever blinked. He asked Alura if Dylan was alright and she had managed to whisper that she could not see before she was slapped for talking. He had nearly broken then, flinging his captors to the winds and charging into the cave, but he had seen Alura shaking her head. If they died out there, Dylan was condemned to death.
Time had passed so slowly just watching the cave. He was the Protector of the Guardian and he was not there doing his job, he could feel the weight of his Oath pressing against him and he prayed to gods he did not believe in that they would forgive him, that he had to let this happen. 
But he also believed in Dylan, he believed that he could rise to the challenge. And he believed in the Shadow Ranger even if he did not completely trust him. They would get through, Mattaeus would make sure of it. Even he would not want to face Lucas’ wrath.
But it had been a long time, longer than he had ever known and he found himself praying to the Righteous to protect Dylan, that he would do anything if only he came back.
And then they had all felt it, the ground shaking. The Chinerthians scared and confused, the Commander trying to keep order. And then the cave had spewed water, a great rush and there had been chaos, but Lucas had never let his eyes leave the mouth of the cave.
“Weapons,” Bell had shouted as they threw off their guards.
He had run to his axe, but he did not really remember it, his eyes fixed on the cave and then he had seen the body.
A great surge of emotion: rage, sadness, love, thankfulness, rushed through him as he ran for the cave. People tried to stop him, he did not see them, merely dealt with them. He did not care who they were as long as they were not between him and that body.
He thought, in the midst of it all, about tomato sauce. Such a compliment to any meal, such a delight and one person had shown him this, one person had taken him from his little house in Sylvae and shown him the Worlds, shown him strength and courage. They were fighting for freedom and he was there as one of them because of one man. One boy.
He had been a guard of Tahoma, the Mountain City, he had survived the Siege of Tahoma and then the Battle and then he had run away. He had taken the quiet life, but this boy, this young man, had given him purpose again, shown him who he really was.
He reached the water, he was pushed back by it, but it would not stop him and then he was there and Dylan was lying before him. He scooped him up and Dylan coughed water down his back. He slapped that back and more water came out.
“Lucas,” he wheezed. “Lucas, I got the Stone.”
“Knew you would,’ Lucas said as hot tears ran down his cheeks.
CHAPTER XXVI

While Dylan was in the cave his Father was in a great underground chamber. All around him Stormclouds were fighting with red cloaks and he himself was forced to draw his sword and fight. He had to keep pushing forwards, he had to find Kaitlin before it was too late; there was dread in his heart and in his stomach that he would not be able to find her, not be able to reach her, that he might die here. Just one stab, one slash of an unseen blade and he would be finished, he was a lecturer, an intellectual, not a fighter.
But fight he did, attacking red cloaks as they fought Stormclouds, fending off those that would attack him, slow him down, take Kaitlin away from him. He didn’t think, his teachers in the Foreshadow would have been proud to see how he used his blade. 
And then he saw her.
She was on top of a tall column that was pulsing with red light, her arms were spread above her head, held by chains that disappeared into the gloom of the ceiling and, most troublingly, her head was bowed, her body limp.
He clashed swords with a red cloak who then fell to the blade of a Stormcloud and shoved another person out of the way. He had to get to her.
“Throw not caution to the wind,” Btolomy warned as he came to his side.
He was fighting not with a sword, but with his long black staff and though it looked like wood to Connor, it was not breaking, not even being scratched.
“We must reach her,” Connor said deflecting another blow. 
“We must indeed,” Btolomy said striking another red cloak.
They continued to battle, continued to get closer and now Connor could see that there were red cloaks around the column and to the right. They were dressed in the same dark red colour, but they wore elegant dresses and tall head wear; these must be priestesses of the cult, he thought, but looking beyond them he saw something more. There was the wall of the room, but one part, maybe ten feet tall and four wide, was pulsing with the same red light. Was that where this Medraza was? Could they destroy him before he could ever get out?
Connor attacked with a greater fury and Btolomy kept apace, swinging his staff until there were few red cloaks between them and the priestesses.
“I will break the chains, but you must be there to catch her,” Btolomy told him.
But then red cloaks flooded around them, prepared to stop them reaching the priestesses who were also now turning to face them.
“You will not stop this, the rebirth is at hand,” one priestess shouted at them.
The Stormclouds rushed in to do battle and Connor could barely see Kaitlin in the turmoil, but somehow he continued to push forward before a bolt of magic flew through the air and hit the chains, which snapped.
Connor rushed forward, no longer watching the red cloaks, but watching Kaitlin as her body trembled and swayed. There, she was falling and he rushed to the left just in time to catch her falling body.
He swept a hand across her face, but she was unconscious; he felt her pulse, yes, it was there, weak, but there.
“Get her away,” Btolomy shouted at him and he lifted her over his shoulder.
“Too late. It is done already,” a priestess shouted and suddenly everyone stopped fighting.
There was a rumbling in the stone and the air grew heavy as if with humidity.
“Go. Go now,” Btolomy commanded and Connor ran through the now placid red cloaks.
They were not fighting, rather they were staring at the stone wall that was still pulsing with light. The Stormclouds looked to their leader as to what to do, they could not attack those that were not attacking and Thunderground gave a sign to fall back.
“It is too late for you fools, he comes. He comes to bring peace and justice to these Worlds,” a priestess said.
“Are you so blinded?” Btolomy asked. “Medraza brings only greed and destruction.”
“You know nothing,” another scorned him.
“I know enough to stop this,” Btolomy said and pointed his staff at the pulsing wall, but it stopped.
It fell back to cold stone and there was a collected sigh from the priestesses.
“He comes,” one said and the words were taken up as a chant amongst the red cloaks.
“This is not good,” Thunderground said.
Btolomy shook his head.
“Pull your people back to the entrance, in fact keep the Lightningstrikes, the rest are now in full retreat.”
“That is not how we work,” Thunderground protested.
“If you want any Stormclouds left, you will do as I say.”
Thunderground spoke to a Stormcloud near him and the message was passed. The Stormclouds started to slowly leave. They wanted to see what was going to happen, but it was rare that a retreat was called. It must be serious.
“What will happen?” Thunderground asked as the chanting became louder.
“I know not,” Btolomy admitted. “I have only heard the stories.”
And then the stone wall started to crack and the chanting increased in volume. Rocks broke free and fell to the ground and Btolomy closed his eyes. He had to focus now, he was still weak. He had been foolish to hide away, letting his power wane. No, he had been a coward. He had told himself it was to hide himself for when the time came, but now that the time had come he was not ready. He was both coward and fool and now he had to focus all his energies.
Yes, there was great Magic here, more than he had expected, perhaps more than there should be, but then how could he know? He had not faced this before. Or had he? There was a resonance of times past, of old battles fought, but this Medraza was not part of those.
And then a fist burst forth through the wall and Btolomy’s eyes snapped open.
%%%
“How could you?” roared Lucas.
“I could do nothing else,” Mattaeus replied.
“He is but a child,” Lucas shouted into his face before stalking off.
“Lucas,” Alura soothed.
“No, Magician, no. He could have come sooner, he could have gone into that cave.”
“He couldn’t,” Dylan said from where he sat on the ground.
“Of course he could.”
“No. He’s too heavy. It had to be me.”
Lucas looked down at him and Dylan could see the anger drain.
“This is not how it should be,” he merely said.
“What were you expecting?” Mattaeus asked.
“Bait me not, Shadow Ranger,” Lucas warned.
“Why? You think you can beat me?”
“Oh, I would wring that thin neck of yours. Always so calm and knowing when so many are in danger of their lives.”
“So get angry, Lucas,” the Shadow Ranger goaded. “You can attack me and I can defeat you or you can get angry with those who have put us in this position.”
“Enough of this,” Bell commanded. “He is riling you, Lucas, he wants you to get angry at what Dylan had to do. What we all have to do because this is the beginning of the end.”
“Well said, Forest Ranger,” Mattaeus said. “But we also need that anger now to give us strength, to give us purpose.”
Lucas looked back at the cave and up at the mountains.
“Do you really think you could defeat me?” he asked.
“Not your heart, Lucas,” Mattaeus smiled.
“Look, sorry to interrupt, but we really should get this Stone back,” d’Gaz said.
“Yes,” Mattaeus agreed.
“But before we do, while people are getting angry, Bell?”
“Yes,” he asked cautiously.
“Tocoda has gone to Sophoi, gone to Abterrne.”
“No,” Mattaeus said.
“What is this?” Bell asked feeling angry at not knowing.
“This is not the time,” Mattaeus said.
“This is the time, now is always the time on this Quest,” d’Gaz told him.
“What is Abterrne?” Bell asked.
“It is not good,” d’Gaz replied with a shake of his head.
%%%
Connor was running as fast as he could with Kaitlin in his arms, weaving his way back up to the street. Now Stormclouds were running with him, why were they leaving? What was happening down there? Were they running scared or sent into retreat? These were not things he could worry about, either way he had to get Kaitlin to safety.
And then a Stormcloud took Kaitlin from him and they were able to run faster, up the stairs, through the rooms, more stairs and back into the house. Here the Stormcloud laid Kaitlin on a chair, wished Connor luck and left.
He stood there looking down at her as the house shook. Was this the rebirth of Medraza or was it Btolomy? He checked Kaitlin’s pulse, still there, before he picked her up and got out of the house.
The streets were in chaos, the Chinerthian army was brutally trying to close down the city, get people inside and the emerging, armed Stormclouds were attacked and had no choice but to fight back. Now the citizens were trying to help, were fighting the Chinerthians with fists or anything they could get their hands on. Some were throwing things, including buckets of water from windows, anything to help the Stormclouds.
Connor slipped around the melee with the help of two Hokinoans and headed back for the inn where they stayed. At the other end of a side street he saw Chinerthians marching past, they must be trying to take the Magician’s Star, take full control of the World and stop a rebellion before it could happen.
%%%
No one made a sound, no one moved as the stone wall came down, ripped apart from the inside.
Btolomy wanted to strike now, he had not used any Magic in the fight here even though it could have saved Stormcloud lives. No, he had saved it for this moment, for this fight and he did not want to waste it, but he did not like the risk of letting the Fury out. 
But now here he was, the wall almost gone and behind it a man, twice the height of anyone in the room, but thin and weak looking from his years dead. Dead? Was that right? Had Medraza actually died or had he been in some form of stasis, held on the brink of death by a powerful Magic? If so, who would have done such a thing and for what purpose?
All this ran through Btolomy’s mind as the Fury of Medraza stepped from his tomb. He looked around and the priestesses and red cloaks fell to their knees before him.
“Our Saviour,” one said.
“I come not to save, but destroy,” Medraza rasped and then grabbed the nearest priestess by her head, lifted her clear from the floor and threw her against the wall where she slid to the ground dead.
“You will have no such chance,” Btolomy declared and pointing his staff, threw a ball of Magic at Medraza.
Who caught it.
Let it balance in his hand and then dissolve.
“This is not possible, you are weak.”
“Apparently not as weak as you, Wizard,” Medraza gave a scraping laugh.
“Get out,” Btolomy commanded Thunderground. “Find the others.”
“No,” Thunderground protested.
“Yes, yes, go,” Medraza waved his hand with a smile. “But where is Murtagh? I had hopes he would be here for my rebirth.”
“He did not deem it important enough,” Btolomy said and Medraza laughed. 
“I will have to seek him out then, yes, I can smell his cowardly stench even from here.”
Btolomy suddenly shot another bolt of Magic and it hit Medraza in the chest. He stumbled back a step as the Magic dissipated.
“Sneaky Wizard.”
“You cannot be strong enough.”
“Sneaky and ignorant Wizard. There is stronger Magic at work than you could know.”
“The Black Queen does not have so much power.”
“The Black Queen? Yes, I have been told of her and I care for her not, I have a greater task ahead of me than your puny affairs.”
“The Spirit of Fury howls through the Forest of Gu, there can be no communing with it. Unless Medraza was somehow linked across the Chasm,” Btolomy realised.
“If you know not then it is not for you to know,” Medraza dismissed and looked around. “Now look at all these women, I suppose I have them to thank. Do you think they continue to kneel in adulation or terror of me?”
“I will not let you leave this room.”
“You cannot stop me Wizard, your tricks have no effect on me and, I am sad to say, I have not the strength to kill you. We shall have to meet again.”
And with that the Fury of Medraza strode past Btolomy and to the stairs. He thought of firing more Magic, using everything he had, but he was still not strong and it could be all for waste if it did nothing. He thought of simply attacking, but though Medraza was weak, he was still twice his size. He could still, if not kill Btolomy, greatly injure him.
 d’Gaz would get his chance to fight the Fury after all, but Btolomy feared what might happen with such a beast of a man free to roam the Worlds. He too had to find the Foreshadow.
%%%
The Foreshadow had laid hands on the stone and arrived back at the Hall of Reclamation. It was obvious straight away that things were awry, even here they could hear fighting outside.
“No doubt the Chinerthians are trying to take the Magician’s Star, destroy the government and take over,” Mattaeus said.
“Then we need to get the Stone there now,” Alura said.
“Not me,” Bell said.
“You cannot go there,” Mattaeus said.
“She told d’Gaz to tell me and so I go.”
“We need your help here.”
“No, you do not. Let me do this and meet you in the Capital City of Sophoi; that is when you will need me.”
“He’s right,” d’Gaz said. “He cannot go off on his own mission once we enter Sophoi, we will need him then more than now.”
“I fear you play the situation in order to go off on your own diversion,” Mattaeus said to d’Gaz.
“Many times roads diverge before they converge on their destination. It is the way of things.” 
“So be it,” Mattaeus said though he obviously didn’t like it. “Be safe and swift, my friend.”
“I will be and will see you in Sophoi,”
“Take care, Bell,” Alura said.
“Be careful,” Lucas said holding an exhausted Dylan.
“And you. All of you. Look after the Guardian, we are nearly at an end,” and then he turned and walked to the door.
“Bell,” Mattaeus called and he turned. “Abterrne is not a place any man or woman should go.”
Bell nodded and left.
%%%
The streets were in chaos, Chinerthian soldiers were everywhere and the city was in full rebellion against them. Amongst the civilians were Stone Hunters and Stormclouds.
“This is not good,” Mattaeus said looking at Dylan. “Lucas take him, take him to the Portal.”
“We should not split,” Alura said.
“It is too dangerous here for the Guardian, even if he were not exhausted. It is safer to keep ahead of the Chinerthians.”
“He is right, Lucas, go now, follow Bell,” d’Gaz said.
“What will you do?” Lucas asked.
“We will take the Stone and help to win this battle before following you,” Mattaeus said.
“And you d’Gaz? You will find this Fury?”
“I have to, Lucas, I have to know what happened.”
“Well, be careful then,” Lucas said.
“And you.”
“We can’t leave without Dad,” Dylan said pushing himself up from Lucas.
“We will get him and follow you swiftly,” Alura said.
“Kaitlin too.”
“Kaitlin too,” she smiled, but he had slumped again against Lucas.
%%%
And now it was three of them running through the streets, trying to avoid fighting in order to reach the inn where they had stayed. All around them Chinerthians clashed with armed citizens, Stormclouds and Stone Hunters. For so many years the people here had kept their heads down, knowing that in doing so they kept some form of rule. They yoked themselves in order to keep, at least an illusion of, freedom. But now they were fighting, now they could see that what little freedom they had was going to be taken away. They fought because finally someone had had the courage to stand up.
Mattaeus could only hope that there would be answers there, and more importantly Connor and Kaitlin. Alura had made no mention of her psychic link to Kaitlin and it worried him that perhaps it had been severed. 
d’Gaz, for himself, could not stop thinking about Medraza and what had happened. He had not had time to really consider what had happened. How Medraza could be back, he had killed him. Destroyed his body and sent that evilest of spirit to an existence akin to death. How could the body have survived, how could the spirit still be attached to it? There was more to this than even he could imagine, he realised this now. There had to be dark powers behind the Cult of Warena and that meant that this was not about their Quest. They thought about everything in terms of this Quest and that was dangerous. Not everything linked to the Book of Five Worlds and assuming it did could spell trouble for them. It could have already spelt trouble for Btolomy and Thunderground. And Connor and Kaitlin, of course. He was so caught up in his own world that he was not thinking of the Quest enough; he was selfish, an old nemesis was not more important than the lives of his friends.
And now the inn was in sight.

CHAPTER XXVII

Bell had been swift, racing through the streets, weaving through those that fought as if they were trees in the forest, leaping up onto walls and running along them, sometimes making it up to roofs and moving along before he spotted a Chinerthian on a horse and dropped down upon him. The rider was knocked off and the horse stumbled, but Bell already had the reins and swung up upon it, spurring it away before the dazed rider could get up.
The Shadow Ranger had told him the way to the Portal and it would be a long and lonely trip. He had grown used to being alone in the forest, tending his vegetables, sometimes going into the village or nearest town, sometimes spending time with Lucas, but mostly just wandering alone in the trees. Now, however, he had grown accustomed to having the Foreshadow around him and to be once again alone was unnerving.
But he had to go on, he had to find Tocoda; there were feelings in him that he had never felt before, a longing he did not completely understand. And if what Mattaeus had said about Abterrne was true he had to find her, had to find out why she would have gone there; though in truth he struggled to believe what the Shadow Ranger had told him, such things were not possible, even after all he had seen.
%%%
Lucas had struggled to get out of the city; Dylan could walk, but only slowly. He needed sleep and food and Lucas could only provide one of those. He had had to force himself into an inn, they had not wanted to open the door due to the fighting in the streets, but had pulled them inside when they saw Dylan.
They had sat in the gloom and eaten and refilled their water sacks before leaving again. Dylan had more energy thanks to the food, but they would need to find a horse.
Once out of the inn Lucas, carrying a huge axe on his back, was a target for the Chinerthians and had to fight his way through the chaos, swinging this way and that with one hand while holding onto Dylan with the other. 
It was only after an hour of running, and fighting where they had to, that Lucas saw a Chinerthian upon a stout horse. They snuck up as close as they could and then Lucas whispered to Dylan who nodded his head, yes.
Dylan ran out with his sword held aloft.
“Death to Chinerthia!” he cried and then staggered to his knees.
The Chinerthian laughed.
“Death to you first, young man,” he sneered and then was whipped from his horse.
Lucas knocked him out and then ran around to help Dylan onto the horse before getting on himself.
“Good job, young Guardian.”
“Anytime,” Dylan smiled before Lucas spurred the horse on and out of the city. 
%%%
Mattaeus, Alura and d’Gaz had gotten into the inn to find Connor and the owner of the inn nursing Kaitlin. They had wet towels on her head, her feet in aromatic hot water and were feeding her some broth.
“You are well,” Mattaeus said relieved.
“Only just,” Connor replied. “She has just regained consciousness.”
Alura went to her sister and felt her forehead.
“I thought I had lost you,” she wept and Kaitlin gave a thin smile.
“It was close.”
“I could not feel you out there.”
“No, my Magic was drained, so drained.”
“And what of Medraza?” d’Gaz asked.
“He is gone,” Btolomy said entering the room with more aromatic water.
“Then I too must go, I must stop him.”
“He will find you no doubt, d’Gaz, come talk with me.”
They walked to the other side of the room.
“The rebirth of Medraza is not because of this Quest, he knows nothing of the Black Queen.”
“She came to power after he died,” d’Gaz replied.
“I could not defeat him, even though he had just emerged. He played with my Magic, was he a strong Magician or Wizard?”
“No. He was merely greedy for power.”
Btolomy nodded in thought.
“Hm. He said that there was greater Magic at work and that he had a task to do.”
“There is no Magic that can stop me from defeating him again,” d’Gaz said.
“Be careful, d’Gaz, do not rush into this; you must be prepared for when he finds you.”
“I will find him first.”
“No. Take hold of my staff see what I saw in there and continue with your Quest. Prepare your mind and what Magic you may have for when he comes.”
“I cannot let him walk freely, devouring what he may,” d’Gaz said.
“If you run in now, if he defeats you, then no one will be able to stop him.
“Look at your friends, you are small in number and weak, look at this city. Everything will fall if you leave them for vengeance.”
“Very well, Wizard. Very well.”
They walked back over to the group.
“How does she fare?” d’Gaz asked.
“She will live,” Mattaeus said.
“We need to get the Stone to the Magician’s Star, it could turn the tide of this war.”
“No, d’Gaz, you take Connor and Kaitlin to the Portal, take them to Sophoi.”
“Let Alura go and I will fight at your side.”
“No. You know Sophoi, she does not. You have to get Kaitlin somewhere safe where she can rest. You must also find the others, they have not so much as a map.”
“You are trying to get me away from Medraza.”
“Yes, but what I say is also true and what is more, you are the only sailor amongst us.”
“Very well, I will take them and meet you in the Capital City of Fownan.”
“It will be well, my friend,” Mattaeus nodded.
“I have already sent out for transport for you,” Btolomy said.
They began getting Kaitlin up and ready when Thunderground entered looking bedraggled.
“The fighting intensifies,” he said. “I could only get a horse and cart.”
“It will be enough, let us get Kaitlin into it and comfortable,” d’Gaz said
Connor slung an arm over his shoulder and Mattaeus did the same as Alura went out before them shooting Magic bolts at any Chinerthian who tried to get close. d’Gaz ran to the cart and got on, taking the reins ready to go as they carried Kaitlin on and set her upon cushions they had bought from the inn. Connor then laid a blanket over her and tucked himself into a corner.
“Go, d’Gaz,” he said and with a last look, d’Gaz spurred the horse on.
“Now to the Magician’s Star,” Mattaeus said.
“It will not be easy, it is under siege,” Thunderground said.
“That is something we must change, the Magician’s Star must stand strong as a sign to all the World.”
“There is more. More than I can believe, dragons have been sighted.”
“You forget the Prison of Articus?”
“I could never forget, nor could I have imagined that this many dragons still existed.”
“Well, let us get some on our side,” Mattaeus smiled taking out Nagendra’s Dragonstone.
“Send out word, we form up and head to the Magician’s Star,” Btolomy commanded and Thunderground left.
%%%
Bell had ridden through a small city where people were trying to build defences at the gates. It was obvious that the Chinerthians had already been through here, destroying what they could without slowing their march to Golgathlind. He wanted to stop and help, but there was not much one man could do and time was pressing, so he stopped only long enough to feed his horse and then was on his way.
The sad truth was that they could not help everyone, this was now a war that encompassed them all and it could only be ended in Chinerthia with the fall of the Black Queen. He had to get to Tocoda quickly so that he could get back to the Foreshadow. Perhaps he had been foolish in going, in following his heart and not his head. Would his companions fall without him? Could they have helped this city if he had only waited for the rest of them? Had he run away again, had he left his friends to failure as he had in the Yokum Rebellions? 
These thoughts pounded him as he pounded along the road. Though every thought was of turning back he never slowed, never looked back, not until he saw the column of marching Chinerthians ahead of him. The city would fall, there was no way they could defend against an army, but the city would fall with or without him. With or without the Foreshadow. They could stop and fight and maybe save the small city this time, but they would have to leave, have to push on, they could not defend everyone everywhere. They could only hope that the return of the Stones of Aremis would bring strength and Magic back to the World.
He had not stopped to think these things, he had seen to his left mountains and in a valley between two of them a forest. It was to this that he now rode hoping that he would be far enough from the Chinerthians that they would not stop to chase him.
%%%
Lucas and Dylan had continued to struggle to get out of the city, not only were there battles, but where there were not people were trying to fortify their streets, stop anyone getting in. Some Lucas could ride over or around, but some were big enough already that he had to find another way out. He could break some down, but he did not want to take away these people’s protection. Outside the walls the markets were all gone, but the people were not, they were preparing fortifications, were arming themselves, Lucas could see that a number had swords. They were the poor of the city, but they were ready to fight for it, not barricading their streets in order to hide, but setting up defences in order to stop the invaders and fight them. He wondered if some had once been soldiers.
Finally they were out of the city and into the blowing sands. Lucas had to turn and follow the outer city in order to find the road he was told to take and then set off as fast as he could.
By the time they reached the small city that Bell had passed through, its meager defences were almost ready.
“You cannot come in here,” a man told them from behind makeshift barricades.
“We must get through and on,” Lucas insisted, but the man shook his head.
“Chinerthians are coming, we will stop them.”
Lucas looked at the defences and the city walls.
“These Chinerthians are trying to get to Golgathlind, why not let them pass through? Surely you are asking for a fight you need not have.”
The man stood quietly at this and another man whispered something to him.
“We had not thought of that. Others had come and destroyed things as they came through, we wanted to stop them.”
“How close are they?”
“Very.”
“Then dismantle these barricades and reinforce the gates they are coming to,” Lucas said.
“And leave this gate open? A weakness?”
“If they get through your defences they need an escape route. Look, they want to get to the city quickly, you want them out of your city, why then block their way out?”
“Again, we had not thought of it like that.”
“Let us in to help you. And do what I said.”
“Yes, yes, I will take you to the Elders,” the man said.
Later Lucas stood on the wall next to the main gate and watched the Chinerthian army march closer. It was a big battalion, there was just no way they could stop them. Lucas had argued for pulling down the fortifications at the gates and putting them up to stop the Chinerthians spreading through the city. Guide them through one gate and out the other. If they were bent on reaching the Capital they would not, hopefully, bother to try and get through barricades just to destroy a city. But the Elders had insisted that they do something to stop the Chinerthians, help save the Capital and help keep the Magician’s Star in control.
They had struck a compromise that meant they would go with Lucas’ idea, but funnel the Chinerthians through a series of traps and attacks.
They had no real weaponry; the Chinerthians had let them keep their Government, but not their weapons. Some had bows and arrows for hunting; some had swords, but not enough to fight a whole battalion.
For himself he had only one thing to defend, the inn where Dylan was sleeping. He had wanted to stay with Lucas and fight, but Lucas had insisted that if they were stopping then he was resting.
He had already decided that he was not going to fight here, there was no point to it. He would help them to an extent, make sure that they had a chance and then he would get back to the inn and get Dylan out of there, leaving the people to their own fate. It was cold-hearted, but he could not risk Dylan’s life for these people, he could not risk the whole Quest.
CHAPTER XXVIII

Connor and Kaitlin had been taken out of the city by a different route. They had told Bell and Lucas the straightest route to the Portal, but d’Gaz knew a quicker way that would also keep them off of the main roads. They had travelled a long way at speed before Connor made d’Gaz stop. Kaitlin was getting worse again and needed food and water, she was getting too hot, burning up with fever and mumbling to herself.
They fed her and mopped her brow and she calmed down. Connor gave her some medicine that Btolomy had given him and that helped even more. Her eyes fluttered open and she smiled up at Connor.
“You’re OK,” he said.
“Yes. Weak,” she replied.
“Can we continue?” d’Gaz asked.
“There’s a city in my mind,” she said.
“It’s OK, you need to rest,” Connor soothed.
“A city, but it is very far away now. I could see it when the red cloaks had me, they were draining my Magic, but I was walking its streets. Wide streets,” she smiled and closed her eyes.
“Kaitlin,” d’Gaz said and her eyes opened. “You should stay awake now, we have to keep going, find the others.”
“I am OK, d’Gaz,” she said sleepily.
“Keep talking to her, keep her talking to you,” d’Gaz told Connor and got back up front, spurring the horse on.
%%%
At the time that d’Gaz and Connor had stopped to tend to Kaitlin, the Chinerthians had reached and entered the city. Lucas watched from a roof to see what they would do, were they simply marching through or were they destroying as they went? He watched them stop and then a small group broke off and went down a side street. He scampered across the roof. Yes, they were being sent to capture or kill the Elders, take the town that way. It made sense, cripple the town without stopping the march, but as Lucas watched people came out of the shadows behind them and knocked them out using whatever they had. They were dragging the Chinerthians out of sight as Lucas went back around the roof; that gave them a few more swords at least.
The main body of the battalion was moving on again and Lucas ran down the stairs into the house and out the back, he had to get into place.
He reached his spot in time to see the Chinerthians stop at the barricade. It was not high, nor would it be hard to dismantle, but it was deep, stretching back along the road. He hoped that they would try and find a way around it rather than wasting time clearing it. He assumed that those in charge were talking about how best to proceed; the side streets were narrower than this one. There! They were splitting in half. The left side filing down streets on the left, the right side doing the same on the right. They would find smaller blockades, but also archers.
This was where Lucas would take his leave, once they engaged with the Chinerthians a bunch of townsfolk could not beat trained soldiers and it was suicide to try. He heard shouts and screams and took the cue along with four others, armed with swords, to attack the back of the Chinerthian column. The front was surprised, the back even more so as Lucas swung his great axe, carving through their numbers. Now soldiers were turning to fight as others broke ranks and disappeared into the streets. No one was safe anymore.
If they had listened to Lucas the battalion might have simply passed through, but now many innocents would die as the streets washed with blood.
And then he heard it.
Then he saw it and held his breath.
Could it be?
%%%
Bell had made it to the forest with no issues and had entered the gloom of the trees and stopped. He had to get his bearings and continue roughly towards the Portal. At worst he would meet the base of the mountain and know he had strayed too far left, but then the forest was much bigger than he had thought, being dwarfed by the mountains either side, and getting lost could still lose him precious hours. But he knew it was this way by the Sun and there seemed to be somewhat of a path leading roughly the right way (though he did not wish to think of what animal had made it).
He did not know how long he had been going, it was hard to sense the passing of time in the gloom. It was amazing that such a thick forest could grow up in the shade of the two mountains. He had to get off his horse and lead it as the path, such as it was, got harder to navigate and the horse was not best pleased with the situation it found itself in.
“There are not many places for me to feel at home on Hokino anymore,” she said and Bell stopped.
“Princess.”
“It has been awhile since you have been in a forest,” she smiled.
“Not too many on this World as you say.”
“Except Duncarth,” she said.
“That is not a forest I would expect you to visit.”
“No,” she shook her head, “the evil there is beyond even my help.”
“What can I do for you, Princess?”
“It is Leothrain, Bell, you may use my name.”
“I cannot, Princess,” he bowed his head and she smiled.
“You are alone.”
“I have left my friends, to my shame, for selfish reasons.”
“Many things have meaning, Bell, and your coming here could help those for which you have a heavy heart. Leave your horse here,” she said and he hesitated.
She smiled and walked over to put her hand on the horse’s nose. It neighed quietly and then bent down and began eating grass.
“He will not go anywhere, come follow me.”
He did so, through the foliage to the left of the path, away from his intended direction. Whatever she wanted to show him he would have missed it if she had not appeared.
“Stop here, Bell. There is a limit to how much I can help; I would not undo the Balance even for you. Go forth and help.”
He watched her walk into the trees and disappear as she blended with the forest. He watched the spot where she disappeared for awhile, letting his heartbeat slow.
Finally he stepped through the trees where she had shown him and then stopped in terror and awe. In front of him a dragon lay. Why had the Princess wanted him to see this? Was it to help or to kill? Could he kill a dragon on his own?
He looked around and could see many destroyed trees as if the dragon had crashed down into the forest.
“No human should see a dragon in such an undignified state,” the dragon said without raising its head.
“You crashed here?”
“I did,” the dragon said in his head. “It is quite the story, would you hear it?”
“Yes,” he replied, but he did not want to, he wanted to leave, to get to the Portal. If he could help this dragon then fine, but he had no time for stories.
“They fly again, the Rafastians, the dragons that joined the Chinerthians. As do we, the Wadasthiams and there is once again combat. We cannot let them take the Magician’s Star, no the Rafastians would see it destroyed along with the Stones of Aremis. They see a time coming when they can overthrow the Chinerthians, the Balance is shifting, but they cannot let man hold too much Magic, you see?”
“I am aware of what is happening in the Worlds, dragon.”
“It is Shadre. My name. Anyway, on my flight here I came across Jion, a nasty dragon, though the idea of a nice dragon is a new one.”
“I have met nice dragons.”
“Have you now? You are a very interesting little person. We fought in midair, I have not felt so alive in so long. We twisted and turned over the sands and mountains, tooth and claw we fought, but he bested me. I have been hidden for too long.”
“But there is a city just South of here that will soon be attacked by Chinerthians, could you not go and stop them? Mere men could not stand up against you and you will help Golgathlind by stopping so many soldiers reaching there.”
“I wish I could help, but,” the dragon, Shadre, raised it’s neck slowly and Bell could see a long gash underneath where its wing met its belly.
“You are cut.”
“Jion did not have time to fight me, nor time to kill me so instead a cunning wound. I will survive as long as I do not move. Every flap of my wing pushes out blood. It would not be a long flight before I lost enough blood to die.”
Bell looked at the dragon as its head sank back down to the ground and then looked around the forest.
“Wait here,” he said and left.
Coffer’s Head, he had seen some as he passed. And Trickphor; it was a habit of his to name flowers and plants as he went by them. Here was Forrell’s Wort; he picked some.
It took him only ten minutes to find all that he needed and then he was back with the dragon. He put all the plants in a heap next to the dragon’s nose.
“Could you crush these?” Bell asked.
“Crush them?”
“Yes, with your shout or something.”
“I can try,” Shadre said and lifted his head, placing it on the pile and rubbing it against the ground.
“Good enough,” Bell said and added water to it, trying to get it into a paste using mud. “This will have to do.”
“What is this?”
“It is a number of plants, each having medicinal qualities. Together they should help heal your wound, stop the blood flowing out when you fly.”
“You really want this city saved.”
“You really want to stop the Magician’s Star from falling.”
“Let us try then,” Shadre said and slowly lifted his head until the wound was exposed.
Bell spread the paste into the wound until it was all gone. He did not know whether it would work, but it was the best he could do to help the dragon.
“How does that feel?” Bell asked.
“It tingles, I feel it in my flesh and my scales feel numb.”
“I hope that means it is working, I have never done this for a dragon.”
“What is your name, doctor?”
“It is Bell,” but he went cold at being called that, he had to get to Tocoda. “Move your wing for me, let me see if it is working.”
Shadre did so and no blood came out. Bell looked at the paste again and smoothed his hand over it. It was drying hard now and that was a good sign.
“I am sorry, Shadre, but I must leave. I must find someone even though I wish to see if you can fly.”
“Well, let us see.”
“No, you should leave it for a little while.”
“But your heart will never be at peace knowing if I could help this city or not.”
“This is a truth I will have to bear.”
“We are not such feeble beings, you know?” Shadre said and raised itself up onto it’s legs and spread it’s wings. It flapped them once and then twice and then roared a deafening roar.
“Consider your city saved from those dirty Chinerthians,” Shadre said and bent his face to Bell’s.
He was nearly knocked over by the dragon’s breathing and then Shadre breathed in deeply, nearly pulling Bell into his nostril.
“Now I have your scent, Bell, I will find you again. There are tales older even than I of the Dragonriders, perhaps they shall be born again. I as your steed.”
“You are most gracious, Shadre, I hope to see you again, healthy and well.”
“And now, to battle. Perhaps you should leave before I take off.”
“Perhaps so. Goodbye, Shadre.”
Bell ran back the way he had come and still felt the wind from the dragon’s wings once he had reached his horse.
%%%
The dragon swept down on the city and landed on a tall building. It looked around and screeched before diving down to where Lucas could not see it and when it rose back into the air it held Chinerthian soldiers in it’s massive claws.
“Yes,” Lucas shouted and started to run to the inn.
He had to fight his way through the streets, but now the Chinerthians were panicked.
“It is on our side, fight!” Lucas shouted as he ran and the townspeople rallied in their fight.
One, two, three Chinerthians fell to his axe before he burst into the inn. Dylan was standing there with his sword out.
“You look well,” Lucas said.
“Thanks to you.”
“This is what I Swore to do, Guardian. Now we must go, a dragon has appeared and fights for our side.”
“A dragon?”
“Yes. But we must go.”
They ran out and got on the horse and galloped down the street before the horse whinnied and reared as the dragon landed in front of them.
“You smell of Bell the Doctor,” the dragon said. “Calm yourself, beast.”
The horse fell quiet and relaxed.
“You have met Bell?” Dylan asked.
“I have, he is ahead of you.”
“Then we must find him,” Lucas said.
“For his sake I will make sure you have safe passage out of the city.”
“And then go to Golgathlind, we have more friends there,” Dylan said.
“That is my plan, I must help save the Magician’s Star.”
“That too is our goal, dragon,” Lucas said.
“Then friends of Bell are friends of mine.”
CHAPTER XXIX

The Shadow Ranger and Alura walked at the front, behind them walked Thunderground and Btolomy and behind them marched the Stormcloud army.
In front of them loomed the Magician’s Star, massive with turrets that pierced the sky and surrounded by Chinerthians.
There were siege engines and long ladders. Stone Hunters were on the walls raining down arrows, but their numbers were not enough and yes, even as they approached the gates to the complex were broken down by the Chinerthians and they charged inwards.
“We must charge them now as they are bottle necked,” Mattaeus ordered.
“Relay the order,” Btolomy told Thunderground. “Send the Lightningstrikes over the walls, they must get to the Magician’s Star.”
Thunderground sent the order back and as one they all drew swords and charged.
It was like a swarm as the Stormclouds met the Chinerthians. They hacked and slashed at those not already through the gates, taken completely by surprise and then they were through the gates and into the courtyard. Chinerthians were turning back and engaging them in battle.
The Shadow Ranger swung his great sword as Thunderground ploughed forward; Btolomy and Alura shot balls of Magic into the fray as they moved forward to the main tower.
At the base of the tower stood a line of Stone Hunters led by Dalius.
“Glad you could make it,” he smiled.
“There’s another way in, the secret tunnel we used,” Mattaeus said.
“Not that they would know.”
“But that Evylute would know,” Mattaeus said.
“By thunder,” Dalius cursed. “This way, we must go, it leads from outside the walls.”
They ran through the doors to the tower securing it behind them.
“What of your men?” Btolomy asked.
“They have plans for retreat if need be,” he said nodding to the Stone Hunters inside the doors. “This way.”
“Wait,” Alura stopped them. “We need to get the Stone to the Star.”
“Give it to me,” Btolomy said. “Deal with that traitor if he should appear.”
Mattaeus handed him the Stone and Btolomy and Thunderground ran for the stairs.
They ran further into the tower only to be met by Chinerthians who had used the secret entrance. At the same time they heard the doors to the tower splinter.
How could it have happened so quickly? Mattaeus thought and then focused and heard the beating of wings. Dragons.
%%%
Outside the Stormclouds had the advantage of surprise and the Chinerthians were trying to fight them back, thousands of swords clashed and stabbed and struck until every man and woman was pushed back to the floor under the downdraft of three dragons that landed on the walls and screeched before taking to the air and striking with mouths and claws at the Stormclouds.
They had no choice but to retreat and the Chinerthians pushed to the door with their battering ram before a dragon landed before them, scattering them and smashed in the door with a great taloned foot.
Chinerthians poured in through the door as the dragon flew up and then all three were in the air as the Stormclouds and Stone Hunters followed after the Chinerthians. Then the sky grew dark, shadows flew across the ground as Nagendra, Falaeus and Delinda swooped in and attacked the dragons.
The sky was a turmoil of teeth and claws, wings and tails as the great dragons fought midair. Nagendra took a dragon in his jaw and flung it beyond the city limits as another flung Delinda to the ground. Buildings were crushed under her massive body but she swept her wings and took to the air, jaws open against the dragon, taking its neck in her jaws and shaking, sinking her teeth. It clawed at her until she let go and it flew higher as the other dragon flew back and attacked Falaeus.
%%%
Inside, the Shadow Ranger, Alura and a handful of Stormclouds were fighting with Chinerthians.
There.
There was Evylute, the traitor had to be here to see his victory. The Shadow Ranger slashed at a Chinerthian and rolled to his left, disappearing into the shadows.
%%%
Jion swiped Nagendra with his tail sending him plummeting to the ground, but he lifted himself on massive wings and flew straight at him. He was intercepted in midair by a red dragon and sent spinning out beyond the city.
Another had joined them, they were outnumbered, there was no way they could defeat the Rafastians. They could not let man have the magical power the Magician’s Star allowed, but the Wadasthiams could not stop them destroying it, they had to trust in man.
%%%
Mattaeus appeared from the shadows and had his knife at Evylute’s throat. 
“Are you so foolish?” Evylute asked. “Your plans are over already even without me.”
“Then you are happy not to see it?”
“You forget I am a Magician and you are not,” he closed his eyes and focused his Magic. He focused and strained.
He strained harder before opening his eyes.
“You forget you know nothing about me,” Mattaeus said.
“You are no Wizard, not even a Magician,” Evylute sobbed.
“No,” Mattaeus whispered in his ear. “I am a god.”
And then he slit his throat.
%%%
The Chinerthians knew their goal and were following Btolomy and Thunderground up the stairs. They fought them back, joined the Lightningstrikes that were already guarding the way up, but there were many Chinerthians with the sole order to destroy the Magician’s Star.
%%%
Outside Nagendra was flung to the floor destroying a street before swooping up while Falaeus threw a dragon up and slashed at its belly, just missing. 
The four Rafastian dragons took to the air and then as one swooped down on the Wadasthiam dragons and scattered them, scratching and cutting them and sending them reeling. There was no way they could win if man did not act with haste.
%%%
Btolomy and Thunderground fought their way up the stairs, but more Chinerthians were behind them, too many even if they reached the Magician’s Star. And now there were Chinerthians above them. Had they found a way in, had they already killed the Star? That could not be thought of as they fought on both sides.
%%%
Mattaeus slashed and turned, parried and thrust; Alura did the same and threw Magic balls into the enemy but there were too many of them streaming past to the stairs. 
They retreated back in the stream of Chinerthians trying to get to the stairs. The whole tower rocked and mortar crumbled around them and Mattaeus caught the image of a dragon flung against the tower through the window.
%%%
Nagendra slipped down the tower to the ground before beating his wings again and taking off for the nearest dragon, screeching on the wind as he attacked and threw it up into the air from his jaws.
%%%
Mattaeus and Alura, along with the Stormclouds and Stone Hunters were now on the stairs trying to fight their way up.
Btolomy and Thunderground had reached the top floor, the floor of the Magician’s Star, but they were being overcome by Chinerthians.
The tower rocked and through a window Thunderground could see the claws of a dragon. By thunder it was sitting atop of the tower. The tower shook again and Thunderground could only think that it was trying to rip the roof off. The door to the Magician’s Star was burst open by the shaking of the structure and he saw the Magicians sitting inside in their star.
“Go, we must go,” Btolomy shouted and Thunderground screamed into the Chinerthians hacking and slashing like a madman.
And then the Chinerthians were falling, falling from behind as the Shadow Ranger came into view.
“Get the Stone to them,” he shouted as he decapitated a Chinerthian.
Btolomy ran into the room as it shook and as he looked up he saw the mouth of a dragon tear the roof off.
%%%
They could not get to the dragon on the roof, Jion, Nagendra thought it was. They were held off by the other dragons as it tore at the tower. There was no way they could win, they were tired and bloody and the Rafastians fought with a greed, a thirst, for regained power.
And then out of the Sun came a missile, a dark spot that whistled down and then Shadre opened his wings, pulled up and grabbed Jion by his throat and lifted upwards.
Jion knew not what was happening as Shadre threw him up and slashed with his talons, an incision where the wing met the belly. Jion shrieked with pain and defeat and flew away gushing blood.
The other three dragons swooped in, mercilessly attacking the surprised Rafastians, now four against three and they fought them back, fought them off. One fell to the ground crushing the city wall before it took back to the skies and flew off.
%%%
The Shadow Ranger, Alura, Thunderground and what Stormclouds were left defended the doorway, being pushed further back into the room as Btolomy rushed in and placed the Stone in its place.
The tower shook, but this time not from dragons, as the lines that formed the Star between the five Magicians and the five stones lit up golden green.
And everyone, inside and outside the tower stopped.
And then a plume of golden green light shot from the tower and into the sky.
EPILOGUE

“You’re not missing much, even if it was all not a blur, there is not much to see,” Connor said and smiled, but she was not smiling anymore, her eyes had closed again.
He felt her pulse, it was weak again, he could not keep her awake, could not keep her talking.
“Do you remember the rift,” he asked. “The treasure of Vriemire?”
She smiled without opening her eyes.
“Of course I do,” she said. “We lived there, we woke each day together and ate breakfast before going for a walk. We were happy.”
“We were, it was a lifetime but then when we left only a few minutes had past.”
“It was the treasure of Vriemire, not silver and gold, but knowing what you really want in life. Having all other greeds and delusions stripped away. Real treasure.”
“I found what I was looking for,” Connor said and she opened her eyes.
“There is a city in my mind, where is it?” she asked.
“Shh, do not think on such things.”
“It is what they are looking for, all of them. It is what he hides in the shadows.”
She coughed and went pale, sweat popping on her skin. He put a hand to her cheek.
“Don’t. Relax.”
She suddenly reached out and grabbed his arm.
“The treasure of Vriemire, what they really want,” she said urgently.
Connor wept as she clung to him, sweat pouring from her skin.
“The treasure of Vriemire was you. I love you,” he said.
And she stopped.
She opened her eyes, the sweat ran off her face and she smiled.
“Look, the grass grows again.”
And then from behind them there was a boom and d’Gaz stopped the cart. They both looked back to see a plume of golden green light in the distance.
“They did it,” d’Gaz said.
“The Magician’s Star?” Connor asked.
“Yes.”
Connor looked down at the desert to see that it was covered in green.
“She’s right, the grass is growing,” he exclaimed.
“The grass grows,” Kaitlin mumbled.
“Please,” Connor said.
And then her body arched, she seemed to glow with the same golden green light for a second or two before she fell back down.
He pulled her up into his arms and felt her pulse. It was strong.
She opened her eyes.
“I love you too, Connor of the Shed,” she smiled.
WELCOME TO THE LIBRARY OF THE UNIVERSES

WHAT IS THE LIBRARY?
The Library was built at the centre of the Multiverse and contains histories, biographies, treaties and stories from all the Universes. Particularly those involving the likes of the Righteous, the King Imminent and those that play their parts in this wider story such as the Ten Kingdoms and the Five Worlds.
Read the books and you will find clues and truths of this greater story within them. But beware that you don’t’ gain too much knowledge as knowledge is power and power gets you noticed by dark and terrible beings.

THE BOOKS
Each book is written to be read as a single story (or series), but there are overlaps so that the more books you read the more information you build of other stories.
Not only that, but they gradually build a bigger picture, a meta-narrative, a greater tale of good vs evil.
Find them at Smashwords here:

https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/DangerousWalker

FACEBOOK
Join the fun at: 
www.facebook.com/dangerous.w
or get news, updates and message the author at:
https://www.facebook.com/pages/The-Walkerverse/220839738099078

THE VIDEOS
“Extracts with Dangerous” is a series of videos where the author reads extracts from his books as well as how to tie a bowtie.
Have a watch here:
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5_wfTGLScjma4IxmF9nB0A

TWITTER
Literally everything ends up here:
https://twitter.com/DangerousWalke1
