



FLEDGLING WITCH
A Novella by
Karen Nilsen


Copyright 2011 by Karen Nilsen
All rights reserved.

Published by Karen Nilsen at Smashwords

Smashwords edition published 2012

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

To my readers.  You have blessed my life, and I wish you much happiness in the years to come.
Safire ~ Age 14, October

Fire engulfed me.  The blistering pain over my skin as I kicked and screamed, the smoke burning my throat raw.  Through the orange veil of flame, a dark shape loomed.  His eyes glowed, reflecting the inferno he had condemned me to.  The hellfire I deserved for being an unholy witch . . .
"Safire, Safire!"  My sister Dagmar's voice echoed over the crackling sparks, loud and insistent.  "Wake up!"
I blinked.  Circles of mellow light bounced across the ceiling beams as Dagmar set a candelabrum on the washstand.  She sat beside me, the bed ropes creaking, and ran her hand across my forehead and over my hair.  Her aura, which had had the brittle, slightly greenish sheen of thin ice the last several days, melted and expanded to its normal sage-scented warmth.  
"You remind me of Mother.  This is what she used to do after one of my nightmares."  I yawned and smiled at her.  Her hair was even the color of Mother's, flaxen blond, though Dagmar's was straight, and Mother's had curled in long ringlets. 
"What did you dream about?"  Dagmar's eyes shimmered a pale green in the flickering light, her high cheekbones and angular chin and nose more apparent at night.  I noticed her pointy elbows poked through the patches of her shift, and when I glanced away from her searching gaze, I saw she cast the shadow of a heron across the bedclothes, sharp-edged, long, and skinny.  I stifled a snort.
"What are you laughing for?" she demanded.  "I don't believe you sometimes--our mother's barely dead a week, and you get a fit of the giggles.  Safire . . ."
"I'm sorry," I said with as much dignity as I could muster.  "You know how I am--I laugh at silly things when I'm nervous.  I can't help it."
"Well, it's not proper, and it's going to get you in real trouble someday.  What if you had giggled like that at Mother's funeral?  The priest would have thought you were mad and perhaps worse than mad--bewitched."
"Yes, sister," I said meekly, hearing the warning in her words, the warning that had dogged me since my first steps.  Never let outsiders see how odd you are.  Never let them see you inherited the taint of witchery, lest they burn you.  And us.  "Why are you wearing that old shift, anyway?" I asked, trying to change the subject.  "Where's your new one with the smocking?"
She lifted her arm and sniffed her sleeve.  "This one still smells of Mother."  As she ran her hand over my forehead again, the scent of lilacs surrounded me, the scent of Mother's aura, and I sighed--it felt cozy and sad all at the same time.  I wondered if Dagmar realized that when she spoke of Mother's scent, she was talking about Mother's aura.  Sensing auras was wicked, something only witches and warlocks could do.  Did Dagmar have a touch of witchery about her?  If so, I would never mention it.  She was already grief-stricken--best not to add terror to it.  And she would be terrified, of that I had no doubt.  Not only would the fear of others finding out plague her, but also the fear of losing control.  Dagmar liked a world of strict boundaries and rules, the world we lived in, a world she fit into much better than I did.
Someone knocked on the door, and both Dagmar and I jerked upright.  "Safire?" Father's muffled voice called.
"Yes, Father?"
"Are you all right?  I thought I heard a yell."  Dagmar and I glanced at each other.  My raised brows pulled my skin tight, a mirror of her startled expression.  It was the most Father had spoken all week to either one of us.  
"I'm fine--just a nightmare.  Dagmar's here," I said.
He cracked open the door, then stepped inside, his tread oddly light.  He usually strode through the house, his boots making a loud thumping like some fairy tale giant, but not since Mother died--it was as if he were frightened of disturbing the air she had breathed, of dissipating her lingering spirit.  His round face peered at us, and I noticed the gingery stubble on his jaw had sprouted into a bedraggled beard, the light from the candle he held making him look as if he'd spattered his chin with molten copper.  He'd started going bald awhile back, and if he kept growing a beard and mustache, he'd soon have more hair on his face than on his scalp.   
"Father, you need to shave," Dagmar observed.
"I shaved for your mother--she thought it made me look distinguished," he mumbled.  The candlestick listed in his hand, wax dripping on the floor as the flame wavered.  "Well, good night then, girls."  
"Good night, Papa," I answered, trying to still the sudden quaver in my voice.  How could my squally, take-charge father seem so lost?  Because he's looking for Mother, and he'll never find her, not here.  Not anymore.  She crossed over.
As the door quietly snicked shut behind him, a lump rose in my throat.  I threw my arms around Dagmar's familiar bony warmth, the hot rain of my tears soaking the shoulder of her shift.
"There, there," she crooned, rubbing my back.  "You'll cry yourself hoarse one of these days, little sister.  I've never seen anyone who cried or laughed as hard as you do."
"I'm worried about Father."  I sniffled and fumbled for the handkerchief I kept under my pillow.  "He seems in a daze.  This silence--doesn't seem natural for the house to be this quiet.  I keep expecting him to holler for Mother, and then I remember, remember she's not here to hear him . . . not even her spirit remains, Dagmar.  I haven't sensed her in days . . ."
"Hush, sweet."  Neither she nor Father liked it when I talked about my talents.  Mother had been the only one who understood.  But Mother was gone now.  Not even her ghost was here.  I was glad she had crossed over--if we had to lose her, the last thing I would have wanted was for her spirit to be trapped on this plane as a ghost.  Ghosts were miserable creatures, at least the few I'd met.  But I sure missed her.  I kept stumbling over her absence.  I'd walk in the kitchen and expect to see her there, her fair curls tied back in a colorful kerchief as she kneaded the bread--as children, Dagmar and I had asked why she kneaded the bread and rolled the pie crust when we had servants, and she had laughed and said she could beat the poor dough and take out all her frustrations.  This answer puzzled me at the time as Mother never seemed to have any frustrations.  Her serene, purplish aura reminded me of a still pool at twilight, a good balance to my father's constant gale and bluster. 
"I couldn't even draw away her fever," I wailed.  "Not enough to save her anyway."
"Hush, not so loud."  Dagmar's voice was sharp.
"Who's going to hear me except you?" I demanded, swiping at my eyes with my palms as I regarded her blearily.  "Why can't I talk about it with you?  Mother would have listened . . ."
"Safire, be quiet.  Father might hear you, and you know how upset he gets when you talk about, about that," she sputtered.  "Just stop.  He's upset enough as it is."
I bit my lip and looked down at the lake of blue shadow in the bedclothes between the snow-covered hills of my knees.  I couldn't help being a witch, no more than she could help being the elder.  I would never have thought to shame her for being the elder, but she shamed me all the time for being a witch.  Father too.  I had never felt more alone than I did now, with the sister I loved beside me and the father I loved sleeping across the hall.  Would anyone besides Mother ever understand?  Would anyone besides Mother ever accept me just as I was?
After Dagmar went back to her own chamber, I sat for a long time, staring at the light dancing over the ceiling whenever the wind rattled the windows.  Then I remembered the shadow heron Dagmar had cast across the counterpane.  I clambered out of bed, shivering at the cold floor, and knelt before my trunk.  With a glance over my shoulder to make certain the door was closed and no one spied on me, I pulled out the small, wooden box of my charcoals, the smooth expanse of my sketch board, and the roll of my special drawing paper.  Mother had secretly bought this contraband for me a month ago, right before she got sick.  She had caught me doodling on my slate when I was supposed to be declining nouns in Sarns.  She had rested her hand on my shoulder and had whispered that she thought my sketch of our fat, self-satisfied cat Paddykin rolling around and playing with his own tail was far more interesting than Sarns anyway.  
Father would have yelled at me--he thought the only acceptable artistic pursuits for ladies were embroidery, keeping a journal, playing musical instruments, or singing.  He had tolerated my drawing when I was too young to know better, but now that he strived to get a council seat, any unladylike behavior had to be quashed.  The nice thing about Father, though, was how unobservant he could be.  Also, he might shout and steam, but I knew--and Mother had known--that if I stood firm through the storm, it would soon pass.  He never could stay mad long, and he was too soft-hearted to be much of a disciplinarian.  Still, it wouldn't be nice to wave my bad behavior in his face, so I sketched at odd times and places so neither he nor Dagmar would find out.        
Humming to myself, I selected my finest charcoal stick and began with the oval of the lady's face.  I had intended her to have a widow's peak, large, woebegone eyes, and yards of dark, straight hair, like one of the heroines I admired so much in Lhigat's romantic verse.  However, as I drew, she acquired a distinct snub nose, and a slip of the charcoal gave her a smattering of freckles, two attributes that clearly took her out of the fantasy realm of my imagination and smack dab in the drab middle of my reality.  I heaved a deep breath.  Well, if she had to look like me as I really was, not as I wanted to be, I should probably give her unmanageable frizzy hair as well.  I hesitated to claim that I had inherited Mother's curls--for one thing, my hair was a wicked red, and for another, the ringlets that had looked so sleek on Mother's head looked like a brush pile on mine.  A brush pile on fire.  Dagmar had sniffed it would help if I didn't walk in the woods through bramble patches--sometimes she talked like I was still a toddler instead of almost as grown-up as she was.
With this dubious inspiration, I sketched the lady's hair to resemble flames.  The resultant Medusa effect made me giggle.  Her body was supposed to be slender and tall, willowy like Dagmar.  Instead, she ended up being short and a tad plump (I decided she was still struggling to lose her baby fat--this really was uncomfortably close to reality), forcing her bird shadow to be more of a dove shape than a heron shape.
Finally, long after the clock downstairs had struck midnight, I set aside the charcoal box and propped the sketch board up against the bed so I could examine my latest creation from a critical distance.  The proportions were off, I decided--I had made the arms too long in relation to the rest of the body, and the perspective seemed skewed, foreshortened to squeeze the bird shadow on to the paper with the lady.  I should have made the shorter sides of the paper vertical instead of horizontal to give me more space to include the shadow.  I wished sometimes Father wasn't so opposed to drawing--it would have been nice to have a real instructor instead of muddling through on my own, especially now I wasted expensive paper on these juvenile efforts.  I frowned at the picture, so dissatisfied with it suddenly that I longed to burn it.
At the vision of flames consuming the paper, the image of the lady on fire, I began to shudder, remembering my nightmare.  I quickly stowed the sketch, board, and charcoals back in the trunk and slammed the lid over them before I snuffed the candles and dove under the covers.  I would draw the same scene again tomorrow on the reverse side of the paper and make it better.  And I would never consider burning one of my sketches again.  Ever.
Safire ~ Age 14, November
Dagmar and I sat with our tutor Lawrence, a fallen monk whom Father jested at one point had "reformed" from chastity.  That remark had earned him a frosty glance from Mother and several questions from me, questions Mother had crisply put off with the unsatisfactory answer: "You'll understand when you're older, Safire."  I had assumed she meant she would reveal all when I had my first bleeding, but the only mystery that momentous event cleared up was that being a woman did indeed hurt in peculiar ways.  Because of the farm animals and their courtship rituals, I already knew that girls and boys were different, differences which only widened the gulf between them until adulthood, when an unchaste man could frolic about the countryside with impunity while an unchaste woman got called all kinds of unmentionable names and died of an unmentionable disease in a gutter somewhere.  The scandal in our tutor's past had made his wages cheap enough for my father to afford him and made my mother keep an eagle eye on him during the first several months of his tenure.  However, his behavior towards me and Dagmar was always impeccably dull, so Mother soon trusted him to instruct us without her watching as long as the school room door stayed open at all times.  
Lawrence pointed at two triangles he had drawn on his slate.  "Identify these and how they're different," he said, his liquid tenor voice caressing each syllable.  He was an anemic, twitchy sort, so edgy his yellowish aura buzzed like a swarm of bees--that was, until he opened his mouth.  Then I could understand why the monastery had made him a cantor at mass, why some woman had risked her virtue for him.  He had tried to teach Dagmar and me to sing but had despaired at our lack of musical talent.
"The sides of an equilateral triangle are all the same length, whereas only two sides of an isockelez triangle are the same length," I said, pointing at each triangle as I spoke about it.  I liked geometry--it was as close as I would get to sketching in the school room.
Dagmar hid a smile behind her slate, and Lawrence chuckled thinly.  "What?" I demanded.  "I'm right, aren't I?"
"You are correct, but it's pronounced isosceles, Lady Safire, not isockelez."
"Oh.  Isosceles," I repeated, to make certain I said it properly this time.  "I've only read about it, not heard it spoken out loud before."  I rested my chin on my palm and looked glumly out the window at a flock of geese flying across the steel gray sky.  An hour and a half of lessons to go.  Sarns was next, and I hated Sarns.  Such an ugly language, full of pronunciation pitfalls for the unwary.  
Father poked his head through the doorway, startling us all.  He still crept about the house with uncustomary silence.  He barely spoke anymore, which made meals miserable affairs, with Mother's chair so empty at one end of the table and Father a living ghost of himself at the other.  Dagmar and I had racked our brains to think of ways to cheer him up, but nothing came to mind.  Not surprising, as we couldn't even cheer ourselves up.  We had never suffered grief of this magnitude.  Aside from Grandmama's passing, which had happened when we were both too young to understand death very well, our only experience of grief had been the funerals of our mostly nameless infant brothers and sisters and the inevitable butchering of pigs and steers we had been foolish enough to make pets.
"Sir Avernal, can I assist you?" Lawrence asked after a long moment of uncomfortable silence while we waited for Father to speak.
"Lessons are over for the day," Father announced abruptly.  "Girls, come with me."
"Yes, sir."  Lawrence snapped his geometry book shut while Dagmar and I rose and followed Father to his study, a small chamber with an ancient desk and rack of pigeonholes in the corner and several chairs scattered across the floor, random as a giant game of jacks.  My eyes flicked idly over the piles of leather-bound volumes and pamphlets--I couldn't help but look at books--though I already knew any printed material in here related to farming.  Father was very practical. Then my gaze lit on a stack of crimson and blue books on his desk, and I paused before I sat down on the chair beside Dagmar.  The gold-embossed title of the top book was Comedy by Candlelight--that didn't sound like a farming treatise.  
Father shut the door.  Then he settled in his desk chair with a creak, leaning toward us, his elbows propped on his knees, his hands dangling limply.  
"All right, girls," he started, then stopped.  I noticed with no small shock that his eyes appeared varnished, a suspicious gleam of tears.  Then he sniffed loudly, his orange aura flaring and flickering just like a candle flame in a draft, and I knew for certain then he had been crying.  Poor Father--I wanted to embrace him but knew that would likely make him break down completely.
"All right," he started again.  "I never expected to have to talk to you about the estate--women should be preserved from such business as much as possible--but as it's now fairly certain you will never have a brother . . ." he trailed off and exhaled loudly before he continued, his voice unsteady, "you will never have a brother to handle it for you, I wouldn't feel right until we discussed it.  If something happens to me . . ."
"Father, no," Dagmar exclaimed.
"Just let me finish, sweet.  I intend to be around for a good while yet, but in case something happens, I want you to be prepared.  The estate provides only a modest living now, to be sure, but the only reason that's the case is because I lack the resources to invest properly in the land.  If I had the money, I'd drain the swamp and take advantage of the natural harbor we own at the northern tip of the property.  Now you'll both soon be of an age for marriage, and even though we don't have much coin, the promise of our lands, the lands I intend to divide between you, should be enough to secure wellborn husbands for you both.  If something happens to me and you're left on your own to contract your betrothals, for God's sake don't fall in the trap of some silver-tongued peasant fortune hunter.  We may be sparrow nobility, but we're still an old family, as old as the Landers and Somners.  There's enough coin for you to go to court and find proper husbands if for some reason I can't find one for you . . ." he went on like this for some time, finally ending by telling Dagmar to continue to watch out for me as well as she always had.  I bit my tongue and looked at my feet as he said this--it wasn't that I didn't appreciate Dagmar's guidance.  I did.  But she didn't know everything, and it had dawned on me soon after I could talk that we were very different, and what worked for her might not work for me.  When I saw a soft summer rain, I wanted to dance barefoot in it, and Dagmar wanted to stay sensibly inside.  Two perfectly fine approaches in my opinion.  So why did I always get in trouble and she never did?
"Now."  Father reached for a large, lidded basket behind him.  Someone had painted a lovely daisy chain around the edge of the lid.  Good lord, I'd kill for some paints . . . all those colors at my fingertips . . . "Dagmar," Father was saying, and I yanked myself back to reality. "As you know, this was your mother's--I thought with your talent for needlework, you should have it."   
Dagmar's arms closed around the basket as she set it on her knees, hugging it to her as if it were our mother herself.  "Thank you, Father," she said quickly, gulping.
"Now, sweetling," Father said, using his favorite endearment for me, "these books are for you."  He lifted the tottering stack on his desk and carefully deposited it in my lap.  "You love fairy stories and such, and your mother would have wanted you to have them.  I certainly won't read them, and I doubt Dagmar will."
Dagmar shook her head as she dabbed at her eyes and nose with her handkerchief.  I mutely rose and set the books on the chair so I could put my arms around him.  He embraced me back, and I could smell the rich dark of earth on him from where he'd been out inspecting the vegetable garden earlier as the men laid it to rest for the winter.  
Dagmar and I took our new treasures back to our bedchambers to savor them in private.  I sat cross-legged on my bed and picked up the first book on the stack, the Comedy by Candlelight title.  Hmm, Hayden Sirach--I'd never heard of that writer before.  I thought our tutor had been very thorough teaching us Cormalen literature, especially my favorite Lhigat, but apparently Lawrence had missed one . . .
Soon, my cheeks burning, I knew why Lawrence had skipped this particular author.  I slammed the book shut as if I'd discovered a colony of stinging ants nesting betwixt its pages.  Stinging ants though, would have horrified me, and what I felt now was not horror, but some other intense emotion that I couldn't identify, a strange hot tingling in my blood that settled deep in my belly.  Wicked, wicked book--had Mother really read this?  Someone had read it--the pages were well-thumbed, even dog-eared in a couple spots.  Certainly Father hadn't read it, or he would never have given it to me.  Never, never . . .
Slowly, I eased it open again.  Wicked it might be, but I had to know.  Would the naughty goose girl really let the swineherd seduce her?  Or would she have a fit of maidenly virtue at the last minute?  I sort of hoped she wouldn't--that pasture with its sweet smell of clover baking under the high summer sun, the daisies nodding and winking between the blades of grass, the honey taste of his lips--how could she resist?  I couldn't, I knew it . . . I clapped my hand to my mouth, my eyes widening in sudden realization.  I wanted some man to kiss me just like the swineherd kissed the goose girl, some man to seduce me in a pasture.  What kind of wicked girl was I?  
I went to dinner, heavy with shameful self-knowledge and desire for a honey-lipped swineherd, just the kind of peasant Father didn't want me to marry.  For once, I was glad he didn't talk during meals anymore.
Safire ~ Age 15, November
"We don’t like the library.  It's boring," Selena of Bara said, indicating the high mahogany shelves with a graceful wave of her hand.  Her sister Arabella nodded in solemn agreement.  Selena looked just as I had always wanted to look--tall and slender with long black hair, large dark blue eyes, and a heart-shaped face, a heroine straight out of a Lhigat poem.  I couldn't stand her.
"A true lady never has time for idle reading," Dagmar said, and I glared at her back.
"Traitor," I hissed under my breath.  Mother had been a lady, and she had read for pleasure.  Of course, Mother had been gone for over a year--had it really been that long?--so perhaps Dagmar had conveniently forgotten that Mother had been as likely to have a book in her hand as a sewing needle.  She also seemed to have conveniently forgotten that Mother had been a witch . . . 
"What was that, Safire?   You've been so quiet," Selena asked.
"I must confess to a nasty habit for reading, but I do so hope that won't prevent us from being friends," I said, a grating, false gaiety in my voice.  Now Dagmar was one glaring.  The worst part, though, wasn't Dagmar's anger or Selena's simper--she didn't know how to handle rudeness, poor hothouse flower--but that I really had hoped we could be friends.  I so longed for the companionship of other girls my age.  But not these girls.  Anyone who could look at this lovely library, with its shelves and shelves of untouched, beautiful books, and declare that she hated it would never be a friend of mine.  God, that we could have a library like this.  But Father would never be able to afford one, not if he stood on his head for a decade.  The Baras were rich merchants and owned a whole fleet of ships.  Of course they could afford to buy books they never opened, afford to have a library for nothing other than pretentious show.  Envy tasted sour as unripe apples across my tongue, and my insides puckered.  Envy--such a nasty emotion.  After all, would I really want to leave home and live here just so I could be near this library?  No, nothing, not even all the books in the world, would convince me to trade Father and Dagmar and our cozy home in the country for this family and their townhouse.  They didn't even have a yard or a tree to call their own.   Sad, really.  I should pity them, not envy them. 
My head high, I sailed after the Bara girls when the dinner gong sounded.  That was, until Dagmar grabbed my arm and pulled me aside.  "Mind yourself," she hissed.  "Sometimes I think you go out of your way to be contrary so no nice girls will be our friends.  Do you really want to spend your whole life talking only to your horse?"
"That's not true!" I exclaimed, stung.  "Why, Boltan and I talk all the time, and just last week, those vagabond girls and I walked down to the shore together.  They were nice--I just wish they hadn't had to move on so soon . . . if Father hadn't chased their parents' caravan away . . . "
"You're hopeless.  Do you even hear yourself--you just said your only friends are vagabonds and our ancient stable master, and you see nothing wrong with that?"
"Boltan's not ancient--he still has all his teeth."
She let go of my arm.  "Just don't open your mouth during dinner, all right?"
My head hanging, I trailed after her.  I hadn't meant to ruin her chances to gain Selena and Arabella's friendship.  Why was it that Dagmar and I got along so much better at home than out in public?  I resolved then to be silent the rest of the evening, save for the standard pleasantries, a resolution I kept until I entered the banquet hall and set eyes on Selena and Arabella's brother Peregrine.
He was handsome, probably the handsomest man I'd ever seen outside of fairy tale illustrations--he had his sister Selena's coloring, but while her dark hair accentuated her delicate features, his emphasized his ungentlemanly tan, perfect white teeth, and square jaw, making him appear rather roguish.  It didn't help that his lips curled in a sardonic satyr grin as he regarded us.  At least six feet tall with muscles straining the broad shoulders of his black velvet doublet, he towered over me as his elegant wisp of a mother Chenoa murmured introductions.  
I stepped back, out of his shadow, before he could grip my hand in his.  I didn't want him touching me.  I didn't want him anywhere near me.  For not only was he the handsomest man I'd ever seen, he was also the only person I'd ever seen who didn't have a visible aura.  I didn't know such a thing was possible--everyone had an aura I could see, even if it was only a faint line of pale rose like Selena's.  But not this Peregrine.
What I could sense from him was the overwhelming earthy-sweet scent of ambergris, to the point it was sickening.  It smelled like someone had broken a cologne bottle over his head.  My eyes watered, and I sank into the chair the liveried manservant pulled out for me--only to discover with horror that Peregrine's seat was right beside mine. 
He grabbed the napkin someone had carefully folded into a fan on his plate and shook it flat with a decisive snap of cloth.  The odor of ambergris thick as smoke around me, I reached for my goblet, hoping the wine would wash away the smell.  As Peregrine put his napkin on his lap, his hand brushed against my thigh under the table, a deliberate mistake on his part as our chairs were at least two feet apart.  I jumped at the unpleasant tingle of his touch and knocked over my wine goblet.  The red stain spread with alarming speed across the pristine tablecloth, startling as blood drops marring the white snow during slaughter season.  Arabella giggled, Selena tilted her perfect nose at a haughty angle, and Lady Chenoa ignored us all with politely murderous indifference while Sir Levan, the Bara patriarch at the head of the table, just looked befuddled.  The centerpiece, a huge silver urn with branches of autumn leaves and long, curving strands of dried grasses, likely blocked his view of my misdeed.     
Both Father and Dagmar stared me down, their eyes so hard that I focused my gaze on my plate as I mumbled an apology for my clumsiness.  A manservant silently mopped up as much of the mess as he could and then refilled my goblet, setting it beside my plate with an accusing clink.  
To my relief, the servants brought out the first course then, a creamy onion soup.  The men began to discuss politics, and I pretended to be absorbed with my spoon, following its every dip with my eyes, mindful of every time it banged against the side of the bowl.  The soup probably would have tasted far better without the cloying miasma of Peregrine's scent filling my nostrils, but I kept putting it in my mouth anyway and forcing myself to swallow.  At least that would keep me from talking and embarrassing my family any more than I already had.
Something Father said caught my ear then.  "I hear His Majesty granted Halbert of Casian a council seat."
"Hmm, yes.  Halbert wouldn't be my first choice to fill that particular seat, but I'm certain King Arian has good reason for his decision that's beyond my limited understanding."  Sir Levan's light blue aura surrounded him like a fine summer day, placidly benign.  I glanced from him to his wife Chenoa, with her cloud soft aura the color of coral, and wondered how these two had produced the bold, smelly Peregrine beside me.  Then I realized that I had strayed from the safety of my soup, and I quickly cast my eyes downward again.
"Limited understanding?  I thought you were high in the king's favor," Father said, and I almost dropped my spoon.  Could he be any less subtle?  Poor Father--he'd never get that council seat he coveted at this rate.  
"Oh no, Avernal, you rate my influence far too highly."  Levan chuckled.  "I'm afraid I'm just a simple merchant who's happened to have a bit of luck."
"Perhaps Sir Avernal has a point, Father," Peregrine remarked with silky smoothness.  "Obviously, by his measure, you have what it takes to be high at court.  Why not press your position a bit more with King Arian?  Or with the other council members, at least the ones who owe you coin?"
"Really, Peregrine.  A wellborn man never presses his debtors in such a fashion.  You know that."  Levan chuckled again, acting like his son had just uttered an amusing if slightly risqué jest.  But I doubted Peregrine had meant it as a jest.    
The men continued talking about the House of Casian, and I lost interest.  Even though I was supposed to be watching my soup, I couldn't help a glance at Dagmar.  We exchanged rueful looks--we had discussed Father's desire for a council seat the other night.  We both wished he wouldn't try to be a courtier and just stay a gentleman farmer.  He was good with crops, not politics.  Although he would never admit it, I was certain his sudden obsession with the king's council had to do with securing good matches for me and Dagmar before he joined Mother in the afterlife.  He thought he needed to be on the council to protect us.  Just like this dinner tonight.  He and Levan of Bara had nothing in common, no reason to be friends except that Father thought Levan had the wealth and influence to help him in his quest . . . so why would Levan, who seemed a savvy sort in his mild-mannered way, have granted a dinner invitation for all of us?  The sudden question made me lower my spoon as I gulped.  He could have just had Father over for a drink and smoke in his study.  Why did Dagmar and I need to be here?  The obvious answer stared me in the face for a long moment before I could overcome my horror enough to allow it in my conscious mind.  But surely Father couldn't mean to betroth Dagmar to Peregrine?  She was eighteen now, old enough to marry, but, but . . . Peregrine?  He was handsome, to be sure, but anyone with a witch's eye could see he was a bad sort.  What kind of man didn't have a visible aura?  And he had tried to grope my leg . . .
I swiveled my face in his direction, just to see if I had made a mistake somehow and missed his aura before.  My spoon fell in the bowl with a clatter.  He still didn't have an aura.  He was watching me, not blinking, one elbow resting on the table, his chin propped against his palm.  When he caught my gaze, he offered a smirk, one black eyebrow quirked as his tongue flicked over his bottom lip, serpent-like.  Disgusting swine.  I shuddered and turned back to my soup, only to discover that I could no longer use it as an excuse to look away for I had eaten it all.  Surely they would bring out the next course soon so I could stare at that instead of my dinner companions.
"So Safire?" Peregrine said, forcing me to look his way again or risk appearing rude.  
"Yes?" I said with as much primness as I could muster.  Like Selena, his eyes were that arresting sapphire blue, a beautiful color wasted on this brute.  A hero's eyes, when he deserved eyes the color of greasy dishwater.  
"What did you think of our library?" he asked, surprising me.  I hadn't expected a leg-groper like him to know books existed.  I had expected he would share his sisters' disdain for the printed word.
"Rather extensive, except I didn't see any Sirach," I blurted out, so nervous that I said the first thing that popped in my mind.  I just wanted him to leave me alone.  A silence descended on the table--no one spoke, no cutlery hit the dishes, no coughs or sighs.  Nothing for a full minute.  My face felt on fire.  
"Did you say Sirach, my dear?"  Chenoa's voice held a chilly note, the sound of sleet lashing glass. 
"I believe she did, Mother.  I would hardly have expected such an," Peregrine paused, winked at me, "extensive education for a young woman, even one noble born."
"Who's Sirach?" Selena asked.  "All we've ever studied is that dull Lhigat."
"Safire, since you seem to appreciate his verse so much, why don't you tell her who Sirach is?"  Peregrine was enjoying himself immensely.
"Peregrine, don't encourage her," Chenoa snapped, her aura flaring red for an instant.  "Remember you're a gentleman and the son of a gentleman.  Although I appreciate your wit, my treasure, there are some subjects we do not discuss at the dinner table."
"Sorry, Mother," he murmured.
My treasure--had she really called him my treasure?  This strapping pirate--he had to be at least eighteen, far too old for nursery endearments.  How revolting.  Maybe she was being sarcastic.  But one look at her dainty frown, her icy gaze, her upturned nose, and I was convinced this woman didn't have a wry bone in her body.  
I so wanted to leave.  Then I caught Dagmar's and Father's glares and realized that as bad as this dinner was, the long ride home was going to be even worse.  I'd just have to tell them how rude Peregrine had been.  After all, they hadn't seen him touch my leg.  Once I told Father that, I was sure whatever betrothal hopes he had concerning Peregrine would suffer a quick death.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~
"Sweet, you're mistaken.  I'm sure the man didn't mean to touch you like that."  Father paced between his desk and the door of the study, his remaining strands of hair sticking straight up on his head as he scratched at his scalp.  "I mean, I've touched people by accident at the table before when I've put my napkin on my lap."
"Father, there was at least two feet between my chair and his--you can't tell me he had to reach out that far to place his napkin properly."
"Maybe he dropped something and was reaching for that," Dagmar suggested.  Now free to glare back as much as I liked, I glowered in her direction.
"Why don't either of you believe me?" I demanded.
Father sighed and sat down on his chair.  "Safire, I believe that you believe Peregrine acted in an untoward fashion toward you.  Whatever your other faults, I know you wouldn't deliberately lie to us.  But I also know you're mistaken--the man's a gentleman.  He wouldn't manhandle a young girl, a guest at his father's table no less."
"But he did."  I covered my eyes with my hand--my throat felt raw from explaining myself and protesting my innocence when I had thought they would believe me without question.  "All right, you didn't see him touch me.  But you did hear him, how he used his words to trap me into embarrassing myself--is that the action of a gentleman?"
"I heard nothing of the sort.  I heard him trying to make polite conversation with you and you making a rude comment about their library not being big enough, a comment, which I might add, insulted the lady of the house."
I opened my mouth, then closed it again, a fish out of water.  Father still didn't understand who Sirach was--he thought that Chenoa had taken offense at my comment not because I had mentioned Sirach, which was apparently a huge faux-pas in polite society, but because I had somehow insulted the size of their library.  Oh dear.  If I explained Sirach to Father, he would realize why Chenoa hadn't liked what I said and take away my beloved books.  No, best to let him think that my comment had merely been an insult about the breadth of the Bara book collection.  I wilted in my seat, realizing that I was defeated.  At least we would never visit those people again--my clumsy insolence had spared me that much.  Little did I know that the worst was yet to come.
"Now, what you'll do tomorrow, first thing, is write a letter of apology to Chenoa of Bara."
"Yes, Father."
"Keep in mind the punishment would be much harsher, but I'm feeling generous.  Despite your terrible display, I'm sure you'll be happy to hear that Peregrine enjoyed your 'spirit' as he called it, and asked if he could call here next Monday afternoon."
My mouth dropped open, and I gaped at him, aghast, for at least a moment before I stuttered, "B-but, but . . ."  I could form no other words.  My mind was as blank as a field the morning after a heavy snowfall.  I finally managed to breathe, then exhale, my pent-up shock coming out in a rush.  "But he has no aura."
Dagmar shook her head, her arms folded across her chest.  "Did you say aura?  Safire, what are you talking about now?"
"It's this light around people.  Mother saw them too, something witches . . ." I trailed off. 
Father's face reddened, and he leapt to his feet.  "Safire."  His voice was a strangled hiss, the sort of sound I might expect from a dragon's throat.  "Safire, never say that word again, especially in the same breath as you mention your sainted mother, do you understand me?  Well, do you?"  His grip bruised my shoulders as his bloodshot eyes drilled into mine.
"Father?"  I whimpered.  "Please, I didn't mean . . ."
Dagmar rose and reached out to grasp his arm.  "Father, she was just answering my question.  You should be berating me for asking it, not her.  Now sit down before you have a fit."  Her calm, reasonable tone, so like Mother's, seemed to reach him, for he let go of my shoulders.  His hands shaking, he tousled my hair before he turned away.  He sank down on his chair and buried his face in his hands.
"You don't understand, neither of you, not really.  You've never witnessed a burning.  But I have.  Your mother had too.  Most horrendous thing I've ever seen.  The thought of either of you witnessing something like that, much less being the one . . ." he fumbled for words, choking, "the one at the stake . . . God, I can't stand it."  His shoulders jerked, his aura a jagged-edged flame that scorched the air into dark smoke around him.
I glanced at Dagmar to find her looking at me, her hands limp at her sides, both of us at a loss.  Seeing him broken down and in such a state, no Mother here to soothe his upset, made me feel a small child again, orphaned and abandoned in a dark wilderness of adult emotion.  What did one do when one was lost?  One called for Mother and Father, then listened for their answers.  Since Father was in no condition to answer, I listened for Mother.  What would she have done?  I pictured her laying her hands upon his shoulders and drawing away the tension in his muscles so he could breathe properly again.
Before I was conscious of my own movement, I stood and crossed the room.  I found myself standing behind him.  I circled his shoulders lightly with my hands and closed my eyes.  He made some slight sound, perhaps a protest.  Then silence filled my ears with the roar of emptiness, the faint, constant howl of eternity inside the chambered nautilus I had found on the sea shore last summer, and I heard nothing beyond myself.  A knotted and tangled black rope appeared on the backs of my eyelids.  I untied each knot, undid each tangle, then coiled the rope in a neat spiral, the shape of the chambered nautilus.  When I finally let go of the end, the rope vanished, and I opened my eyes.
Father exhaled with a gusty sigh, his shoulders drooping.  His hands fell from his face to his lap.  Then, slowly, he lifted one hand and reached back to pat my arm.  "That's enough, Safire.  That's enough, sweet," he muttered.  "Whatever are we to do with you?"
I swallowed over the dry patch in my throat, still half in a witch trance as I stumbled back to my seat.  Dagmar grabbed my arm and guided me down to the chair.
"What's to be done with me, Father?  What do you mean by that?" I heard myself ask, my words slurred as if I'd had no sleep for several days.  Mother had warned that healings would exhaust me, especially before I grew fully into my power--experienced healers learned to use only the strength required, no more, and I was far from experienced.  "What do you mean by that?" I repeated when he didn't respond.
He clasped his fingers in a double fist and stared down for what seemed like ages before he answered.  "I don't know exactly, Safire.  I just want to protect you, and after tonight's display, I think the best way to do that is keep you at home until you're older and have learned some discretion.  You're too impulsive, sweet--I worry the next time you open your mouth at a fancy dinner, you'll start talking about auras or spirits, and we'll all end at the stake."
I straightened and clutched my arms across my chest, indignation chasing away my exhaustion.  "Father, I would never do that!  I can't believe you think I would jeopardize you and Dagmar."
"I know you wouldn't intend to," he said heavily.  "Just like you didn't intend to insult Lady Chenoa tonight.  But you did, and I can't risk you doing it again at a noble dinner or ball, when your hasty tongue could land you not only in hot water but burned as a," he paused, struggled with the word, "witch," he managed finally.
"So you're going to keep me here like a prisoner?  How will I ever learn to be out in society unless I'm around people?"
"Don't put words in my mouth, Safire.  I didn't say I was going to lock you away here.  You can go out, to Calcors with Dagmar.  You'll keep an eye on her, won't you?"  This he addressed to Dagmar.  
Her head bobbed in a quick nod.  "Yes, Father."       
"Good--I know you'll be sensible."  He turned back to me.  "Now you follow your sister's example.  Unlike those from our own station, the market merchants and peasants in Calcors aren't likely to ascribe witchcraft to a noblewoman's oddities, but you still need to be prudent.  If you can learn to mind yourself in Calcors and you mind yourself when Peregrine visits, I'll reconsider allowing you to attend dinners and balls with the local nobility.  I want to be able to present both you girls at court someday."
"Mind myself when Peregrine visits?  But Father . . ."
He waggled his index finger at me.  "No buts, Safire.  You want to end in a convent?"  He was always threatening me with the convent--for the first time since I could remember, it sounded appealing.  I doubted the walled virgins would let Peregrine visit me, no matter how much coin and bought respectability he had.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~
I had just nestled under the bedclothes with a volume of Lhigat's mermaid poems when there came a tap at the door.  Dagmar padded into the chamber, her hand a huge shadow moth gliding across the wall as she shielded her candle from drafts.  I silently moved over in the bed so she could climb under the covers to keep warm--despite the banked fire in the grate, my chamber was cold.  I sometimes wondered if spirits visited me at night and added to the chill--odd voices and visions often disturbed my sleep with vivid dreams.  In my last one, I had perched on top of the sea cliffs by the ancient twisted cedar tree that marked the path down to where the best caves could be found.  Stars sparkled, diamonds scattered across a blue-black velvet sky, while hundreds of flames floated like visible prayers on the waves far below.  A tide of little lights coming in just for me.  Suddenly I had heard men chanting--a procession of cloaked forms walked along the edge of the cliffs toward me, carrying torches.  The man at the front cradled a crying, naked babe in the crook of his arm.  They didn't seem to see me as they strode down the path carved into the cliff face below the cedar tree.  I rose and crept after them.  When they reached the shore at the base of the cliffs, they formed a circle.  The rush of waves, the baby's cry, and the men's chant mingled until I could not tell the sounds apart.  The flames still bobbed on the water, infant souls rocked on the lap of the mother sea.  The man with the baby broke from the circle and strode to the edge of the water.  He bent down and gently laid the struggling girl-child on the waves amidst the flames.  As soon as she felt the water on her skin, her crying stopped.  She floated on the sea and stared up at the sky, constellations reflected in her eyes, and I knew then she was my mother's spirit, visiting me in my sleep to tell me all was well . . .
"Safire, did you hear me?" Dagmar's voice broke into my reverie.
I shook myself, the Lhigat book slipping from my hand as I turned to look at her.  "Sorry, what?"
Dagmar pursed her lips.  "You know, half the time you look through me as if I'm not there.  And I have to say everything twice because you never hear me the first time.  Where do you go?"
I shrugged.  "I was remembering a dream I had, that's all."
"No wonder Father is worried that people will think you a witch."
I twisted the sheet between my hands.  "I can't help that I have these dark talents, you know. No more than you can help being so sensible."
She did something unexpected then--she slid her arm around my shoulders and hugged me close.  "Father didn't mean to be so harsh with you--he just gets like that when he's afraid.  He's afraid for us.  He's afraid that if something happens to him before he can arrange good marriages for us, we'll have no protection from witch hunters and unscrupulous men."
"I know that.  But Dagmar, that Peregrine is unscrupulous.  How can Father allow him to call on me?"
"There, there."  She patted my shoulder, and I winced--I had a bruise there where Father had gripped me earlier.  "Why do you say Peregrine's unscrupulous?  You've only just met him, Safire.  How can you know that?"
"Anyone who wears that much cologne has something rotten to cover up, that's how."
She let go of me and drew back, her brow furrowed in apparent puzzlement as she regarded me.  "I didn't smell any cologne on him."
It was my turn to be puzzled.  "How could you not?  He was drenched in the stuff--it smelled like he used the whole bottle.  Ambergris, too--I bet that cost him a pretty copper."
"All I smelled was sandalwood soap and a hint of pipe weed.  Well, I wasn't sitting next to him--perhaps that's why I didn't smell it."
"Perhaps," I murmured and glanced down at my fingers, still worrying the sheet into crumples.  There was no way Dagmar could have missed the cologne, if that was what it had been.  She had a sensitive nose.  Since only I had smelled it, likely it had been his invisible aura that stank so strongly.  I wished Mother were here.  If the ambergris was Peregrine's aura, she would have smelled it too and perhaps convinced Father that he shouldn't let Peregrine call on me. 
"He was certainly handsome," Dagmar said slyly.  "I wish I had such a handsome suitor.  And rich too--he stands to inherit the bulk of his father's wealth.  Father says he's very clever, and you've always wanted someone clever you could talk to about books."
"Nothing you say is going to make me like him, Dagmar."
"Well, he certainly liked you--he couldn't stop looking at you, even though you would hardly look at him."
I shuddered.  "Really?  That's sinister.  I'm glad I kept my eyes on my plate then."
"You're telling me that you didn't think once about how handsome he is?"
I pushed her, half in jest.  "If you want him so much, you can have him.  Although I can't even stand the thought of him as a brother-in-law, much less a husband."
Her hand curled around my wrist as her smile faded, replaced by straight-lipped sternness.  She suddenly looked five years older, at least.  "Listen, sister, I don't want to worry you or make you see someone you find distasteful.  But, please, give Peregrine a second chance.  He's young and handsome and charming--"
"Charming on the outside perhaps," I interrupted.
Her grip tightened.  "Just let me finish.  You could make far worse matches than him.  Could you imagine being married off to a man Boltan's age . . ."
"Father wouldn't do that to us!"
"Sweet, he may not have a choice.  If his health fails or we have another bad year with the wheat harvest or a flood or any number of calamities, we'll have even less than we do now to bargain with on the marriage market."
"I'm going to marry for love," I declared.
She smiled, a sad smile.  "You and your poetry and your romance.  I hope you find it, Safire, but in the mean time, be nice to Peregrine.  There are far worse fates for a sparrow noblewoman than a handsome husband who wears too much cologne."  
I hated it when she acted so much wiser than me--she was only the elder by two years.  "What about you?" I asked, defiant.  "Don't you want to marry for love?"
"I want to marry into the House of Landers," she said, completely serious.
"Why--are you in love with a Landers?"  I was aghast--my levelheaded sister had a secret beau . . .
"No, silly."  She swatted me.  "I don't know any of them--yet.  It's just one of the highest Houses at court, and I want to marry into a high House.  And Father thinks he has a chance to arrange something with them--apparently Sir Mordric is interested in our lands."
"It sounds so dry and prosaic when you say it like that."  I sighed.  "I suppose if that's what makes you happy . . ."
"What makes me happy is security and knowing what's expected of me.  I pray every night my future husband will be a good man, and love will follow."
Love will follow?  Follow what?  I wanted to ask, but I didn't.  She made love sound like the answer to an addition problem:  good man plus good name plus security equaled love.  Where was passion?  Where was poetry?  It seemed to me she had left some essential factors out of her equation. Of course, maybe I just didn't understand.  After all, aside from geometry, arithmetic never had been my strongest subject.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~
I studied the pale sunlight slanting through the schoolroom windows as I listened with a half an ear to Lawrence reading from some boring history.  I enjoyed writers who told history like a story with all the fascinating personality quirks and schemes of the heroes and villains on display rather than some dry recitation of dates and events.  Unfortunately Lawrence took a dim view of what he called "literary license with the facts," and so found the driest history books he could, which invariably put me to sleep and earned me a sharp rap on the head.  Today, though, the light fascinated me, so I managed to stay awake.  I wondered why the light looked so different in late fall and winter than it did the rest of year.  Was it because of the cold?  Perhaps the same fey folk who put frost paintings on our windows at night silvered the light during the day.   
Lawrence's liquid voice rose and fell as if he sang a chant--the beauty of the sound so captivated me that it took me a moment to actually hear the words he read.  "The old ones carved a path into the sea cliffs of Silmer Province, marked at the head by an ancient cedar tree.  The provincial guild of road builders maintain the path to this day, as it is one of the few ready accesses to the beach in the area of the cliffs.  It is impossible to determine the age of the path; however it is possible to determine its original purpose from legend and knowledge of the old ones' savage temperament.  It is said that the old ones took their firstborn down to the caves at the base of the path and left the babes there to drown as a sacrifice to the sea gods . . ."
"No," I exclaimed, then hunkered down in my seat when Lawrence stopped and regarded me, his thin brows raised. 
"It is horrifying, Lady Safire.  I agree.  Hardly surprising, however.  The old ones were a primitive people, heathen savages who tried to slaughter our ancestors."  He turned his gaze back to the book, poised to start reading again.  
"I don't believe it."  Oh dear, there went my big mouth again.  I just couldn't reconcile my dream vision of the old ones with the awful picture of infant sacrifice the history book painted.
"Are you questioning the court historian?"  Lawrence's tone was dry, very dry indeed.
"Yes."  I met his pale gaze defiantly.  "After all, we won the battles against the old ones.  To them, we were the invaders.  None of them got a chance to write the histories . . "
"That's because they could neither read nor write," he said crisply.
"But then how do we know they sacrificed their babies, if no one wrote anything down about it?"
Lawrence slapped the book down on the table, and Dagmar jumped beside me at the sound.  "Lady Safire, your questions are argumentative and presumptuous.  I normally find you a pleasant pupil, but you seem in a most disagreeable mood today.  Please leave and return only when you can listen instead of talk."
I flounced out, muttering under my breath.  How dare he dismiss me like that?  All I had done was ask some perfectly logical questions.  He was the one who had picked that deadly dull, horrid book to read, not me.  He was the one in a disagreeable mood, not me.  One would think he had written the history himself, with how protective he was of it.  I paused outside my chamber door, suddenly wondering.  It was odd that the normally mild-mannered Lawrence had flown into such a fit.  Perhaps my questions had touched on some forbidden topic, like the time I had asked what Father meant by his remark that Lawrence had "reformed" from chastity.  Whatever the reason, I knew I was in trouble yet again.  When Father returned from Calcors later this afternoon, Lawrence would certainly tell him I had made a scene in the school room.
Now that I had defended them and gotten in trouble for them, I was even more enthralled with the old ones and their path marked by the cedar tree.  I got out my sketch board and charcoals.  Then I sat cross-legged, my back propped against the trunk, the board across my knees.  The tension buzzing inside from my argument with Lawrence thrummed through my veins into my fingers through the charcoal stick and zigzagged out on to the paper as I drew the jagged edges of the cliffs and path.  By the time I started on the softer shapes of the dark-cloaked figures, the angry bees had stopped their buzzing, and a mellow honey flowed inside, a golden flood of contentment.  I forgot Lawrence.  I forgot that I was in trouble.  I forgot everything except the charcoal stick in my hand and the vision forming into reality on the page before me. 
Pounding on the door roused me from my creative reverie.  I had no time to hide my sketch or charcoals before Father burst into the chamber, florid-faced and panting.  I quaked inside--first that disastrous dinner at the House of Bara, then my quarrel with Lawrence, now Father catching me doing the one thing I had never wanted him to catch me doing . . . this really was turning into the most wretched week.  Father and I stared at each other for a silent moment before he made a quick sweep through the air with his hand.
"What's this?" he demanded.
"Charcoals.  A sketch board.  Paper.  Me using all three," I said in my smallest voice.
"Where did you get it?  If you spent your allowance on this, this . . ."
"Mother bought it for me, about a month before she died."
This news deflated him to the point that he went over and sank down on the bed, the ropes protesting at his weight.  He sat there, his face in his hands, his breath a loud wheezing.
"Papa?" I ventured finally.
He slid his hands down his face just enough so he could look at me, his fingers still covering his nose and mouth.   "So you've been drawing in secret for over a year?"  His hoarse voice dropped on the word drawing, as if it were a mortal sin.  "And your mother encouraged it?"
I nodded.  "She liked a sketch I did of Paddykin on my slate . . ."
He held up his hand, and I trailed off.  "There are worse things, I suppose.  Such as insulting the House of Bara.  Such as arguing with your tutor.  Safire, you're impossible."
"I don't mean to be."
"I know, sweet.  I know."  He sighed.  "God, I wish your mother was still here.  She could talk to you better than I can.  But she's not."  For an instant, his face crumpled before he straightened his hunched shoulders and continued, his voice determinedly brisk, "I don't like your drawing--I don't think it's ladylike--but if she bought you those things, then she must have had a good reason.  I won't forbid you to do it--just keep it here, where other people won't see you doing it, all right?"
"Yes, Father."
"If I find out you've broken your word, I'll take the board and drawing things away."
"Yes, Father."
"And tomorrow, you'll apologize to Lawrence."
I nodded as I bit my tongue, not trusting myself to speak.  I didn't think I should have to apologize to Lawrence, but it wasn't worth an argument with Father.  I wanted this to be the last time I upset Father.  It seemed I was always upsetting him these days.  Dagmar never upset him--life would be so much easier if I were more like her.
 
Safire ~ Age 16, May 
The breeze, warmed by the sunlight, caressed the bare skin of my arms like one of my imaginary lovers.  I giggled at the thought and skipped ahead of Dagmar, the street cobbles hard through my slipper soles.  
"Silly creature," she said with a great deal of affection.
I grabbed her hands in mine and spun us both around in circles until she was laughing and breathless just like me.  "Safire, stop!  I'm getting dizzy."
The world slowly stopped revolving around us as I caught my breath.  "Do you think Father will let us go to the May Ball this year?  It's for peasants and nobles, and I've been behaving very well lately.  I even said something nice to Peregrine the other day."
"I'm sure Father will let us go."  She shut her eyes for a moment and inhaled as we passed by the flower stall.  The scent of lilies hung sweetly heavy and languid in the warm air.  "What did you say to Peregrine?  I don't recall anything nice coming out of your mouth."
"I told him his new horse Trident was lovely."
"And then asked him where he stole Trident from."  She snorted.  "At least your rudeness seems to amuse him.  Lord above, he's persistent--I would have given up on you long ago if I were him."
"I wish he would give up."  Wanting to distract myself from thoughts of Peregrine, I stopped at the next stall, only to find myself lost in a dream of bright color and vivid faces.
"Paintings," I murmured, feeling a dazed smile gently pinch the corners of my lips.  The portraits seemed so real that I glanced over the artist himself at first--an understandable mistake, as he wore black and stood between two paintings in the shadows far back under the stall awning.  I only realized he was alive when he stepped forward.  I gasped and then clapped my hand to my mouth to muffle a giggle.  He resembled an overgrown scarecrow--tall and skinny, his bony frame seemed too large for the rest of him.  His straight hair hung over his forehead in an untidy swath--it looked like he cut it himself using a dull-edged dagger.  With a sharp chin and nose and blades for cheekbones, he could be hardly be called handsome, but I found myself staring at him anyway.  His hands and wrists in particular--his long fingers, the knobs of his bones, the dark crinkly hair.  I wanted him to touch me with those hands, the same hands that had painted these beautiful pictures.  His aura, a rich teal, washed over me, sparkly and tingly soft as a tide of peacock feathers.    
"Safire," Dagmar said, and I jumped a little, startled from my un-maidenly lust.
"See these lovely portraits?  They look so real that I expect them to speak to me," I said.
"Why, thank you, my lady."  He inclined his head, his hair flopping in a most adorable way.  My fingers itched to comb the errant strands back in place for him.  He lifted his face and smiled, his bright eyes intent on mine.  "I take commissions for portraits--what I have hanging here are some samples of my and my brother's work that I plan to deliver later today."  His soft voice, with its lilting northern accent, flowed around the words like the deep, clear water of a woodland stream flowing around stones.
"Very nice, I'm sure.  Safire, we have to get to the spice stall before she runs out of cinnamon or salt again . . ."
"Can you go on ahead?  I'll be along in a moment or two, I promise.  I just want to ask this gentleman some questions about painting."
She rolled her eyes.  "Fine--don't tarry too long."  Then she turned with a swirl of skirt and petticoats, leaving me to flutter my eyelashes at Sir . . .
"May I have the pleasure of your name, sir?" I asked.
He glanced down and smiled, one hand cupped around the back of his neck.  How I wished it were cupped around mine . . . "It's not Sir, my lady.  If it was, I'd be an artist at the royal court, not in common trade such as this.  Terester Grayhills at your service."  
"Where did you study painting?"  I glanced around at the portraits, struck by how the eyes of the subjects looked so real they seemed to follow me.  I would give my teeth to be able to paint like this.
"My father  painted portraits and had both me and my brother apprenticed to the guild in Torier Province."
"How come you're in Silmer Province, if you were born in the north?"
"My sister's husband was lost at sea, and my brother and I came here to assist her."
"I'm sorry to hear about your brother-in-law."
He shrugged.  "Thank you, though he was not a kind man."  His face darkened.
I quickly changed the subject.  "Have you joined the guild in Silmer Province then?  I thought you had to be born here . . ."
He narrowed his eyes to slits.  "My lady asks many questions."   
"I'm sorry."  I looked down at my feet peeping out from under my skirts, feeling my cheeks heat.  "I'm just curious," I babbled.  "I admire artists a great deal.  I want to be one, but my father won't let me.  See the charcoal smears on my hands?  I like to draw sometimes . . ."  I trailed off, swallowing as his fingers slid under my jaw.  He gently tipped my face up.  I should have stepped back and called him names for being audacious, but his touch was so light, his feather-soft aura trailing along my skin, so different from Peregrine's touch.  Whenever Dagmar's or Father's back was turned, Peregrine always seized my arm or hand as if he were a spoiled child claiming a prized toy.
"I'd like to draw you," Terester Grayhills murmured.  "Perhaps your father would like to commission a portrait?"
I did step away then.  "You're just flirting with me to get a commission, aren't you?"  
"You're just flirting with me to get painting secrets, aren't you?" he mocked.  "All right, out with it--who from the Guild sent you?  Osine?  I must say, I thought he'd be more subtle--a pretty girl posing as a noblewoman seems an obvious spy . . ."
"I'm not a spy!  And I most certainly am noble born--see my seal ring?"  I fisted my hands on my hips and glared at him.  "How dare you?" 
"Perhaps I was wrong.  If you are a spy, you're terrible at it," he speculated out loud, enraging me further.  I stamped on his toe.  He stared down at his boot, a blank look on his face, his aura furling inward, a tight line of indigo around him.  Oh no, he was in terrible pain and I had caused it . . . I hadn't meant to stomp that hard.  I hadn't meant to stomp at all--what a childish thing to do.  I began to back out of the stall, prepared to run away and find Dagmar before I did anything else ridiculous.  Then a choke escaped him, and I froze.  Then he choked again, followed by a muffled snort.
"Are you hurt?" I demanded.
"Hardly."  He let loose peal after peal of laughter, like water spilling down a ladder of stones.  
"You mean, it didn't hurt at all?"
"You sound disappointed, my lady.  Sorry to be so amused, but you'd need steel toes to do any damage with that little foot.  Or kick me in a less protected spot."
Deciding I'd had enough mockery, I turned to leave.  "I just might do that next time.  Good day," I tossed over my shoulder.
He threw up his hands.  "All right, you're not a spy.  I'm sorry I ever called you one.  You just asked so many questions, it made me suspicious."
I faltered at the edge of the awning, still half in the shadow of the stall, half in the noon light flooding the square.  "I want to be a painter more than anything, but my father will never let me take lessons."
"You should go to Sarneth--they have female painters there.  In Sarneth, the guilds even allow artists who aren't apprenticed, men and women alike, to sell their wares at the markets.  You have beautiful hair," he said abruptly.  "It shines like copper in the sunlight.  I really would like to paint you, you know."  I must have given him a suspicious look, for he laughed again, adding, "and I didn't just say that to get a commission."
"You must tire of painting the nobility, flattering away double chins, moles, and freckles with your brush--and your silver tongue."  Despite my cynical words, I moved back under the awning.
"So world-wise for one so young."  He placed his fingertip on my nose.  "And you're wrong in one respect--I'd paint every freckle on your face."
"No you wouldn't."  It was my turn to laugh.
"I'm serious.  The sudden deepening of his tone, his lingering gaze on my face, corked my laughter.  We stared at each other.  Then he said, his voice almost a whisper, "The monarch butterfly wouldn't so pretty without its spots."
I stepped toward him, and this time I didn't stomp on his toe.  This time I slid my hand around his neck, leaned up, and planted my mouth on his.  It wasn't my first kiss with a man--Peregrine had kissed me on the stair landing at home back in January, a rough caress that had frightened me even as it roused me.  This kiss was different.  Terester let me take the lead, his lips only parting when mine did.  I enjoyed the soft touch of his mouth, so like the softness of his aura, but he didn't taste quite right.  Too sweet and too cool, as if he'd spent the morning chewing mint leaves.  Now that I thought about it, his aura smelled like mint, sharp and cool and sweet.  Pleasant but not for me.  I could never get drunk off his kisses.
As soon as the dim notion of drunkenness crossed my mind, I remembered my sister could return at any point and catch me.  I broke off the kiss, muttering, "Oh dear, oh dear . . ."
"Please wait," he said.  "I'm sorry . . . please . . ."
But I fled before I could hear the rest of it, my face burning.  Oh, what a brazen wench I was.  I thought about my mother looking down on me from heaven, how ashamed she would be at my wantonness.  But no, it was Mother's fault I was like this.  She was the one who had left me her Sirach books, pages dog-eared at the most passionate passages.  She was the one with the hot blood that I had apparently inherited.  No, if anyone would end up ashamed of me, it would be Father and Dagmar.
I blundered into a woman carrying a laundry basket on her head.  She swayed, a stout oak in a mighty gale with her broad feet firmly rooted to the ground.  "Watch where you're going, girl," she snapped as she started forward again.
She didn't know I was noble.  I stopped and gazed after her, then looked around at the people milling through the square.  None of them knew I was the daughter of Avernal of Long Marsh.  Probably most of them didn't even know there was a House of Long Marsh--a small, sparrow noble House, far from the circles of the powerful, tended not to attract much notice.  My sudden realization of anonymity felt oddly freeing.  Sometimes I wished I wasn't noble--people didn't seem to care what peasant girls did.  Peasant girls could kiss a man, and no one would accuse them of gross impropriety.  Peasant girls could sell things at market, and no one would disown them for being common.  
A vague idea flitted through my mind on delicate butterfly wings, difficult to catch until it landed.  Terester had said that his brother's work was in the booth with his own.  I hadn't thought much about it at the time, as members of the same family often sold each other's wares at the common market.  Now, though, I wondered.  If I had a brother who was an artist, he could sell my sketches, pass them off as his own, and no one would know that a wicked girl had drawn them.  If I were a peasant and I had a brother who was an artist, I could sell his paintings at market, and no one would think twice about it.  I could sign his name on my sketches, and people might buy them, believing them to be the work of a man and not a wicked girl.  As long as they thought a man had drawn them, people might appreciate my drawings as my mother had appreciated them.  I might even earn enough coin to obtain more paper and charcoals and not use my precious allowance, which was supposed to be for clothes.  The problem was that I didn't have a brother.  But I did have an imagination.  With a vivid imagination and a ready tongue, I could easily make myself a peasant and devise an artistic brother who had to work in the fields all day and didn't have time to sell his own sketches so I sold them for him.  That was when I decided that from now on, I would sign my sketches S. Marsh.
A brief twinge of guilt ran through me when I caught sight of Dagmar, still wrangling with the spice merchant's wife.  If she or Father ever found out I intended to sell my drawings at market like a commoner, there would be hell to pay.  Of course, there would be hell to pay if they ever found out I had just snatched a forbidden kiss with peasant artist, and that hadn't stopped me.  Apparently my pangs of conscience only served to give birth to more mischief.   
~ ~ ~ ~ ~
"Why can't I be tall and slender like you?" I carped at Dagmar as I twisted and turned in my green silk gown before her mirror.  We were getting dressed for the May Ball, and it seemed I had tried on every piece of clothing I possessed.  "My frocks never drape right," I wailed.
Dagmar snorted.  "You sound just like Grandmama."
I frowned at the mirror, then turned to look at her.  "Really?"
She scrunched her face in concentration as she reached both hands around the back of her neck to fasten her coral necklace.  The clasp caught in her hair, and she uttered a word I didn't think she knew.
"Dagmar!" I exclaimed, half surprised, half mocking.
She shot me a narrow-eyed, narrow-lipped look.  "What--you think you're the only one with ears?  Father says that word all the time."  
"I know.  Here, do you want me to help you?"  
She gladly relinquished the ends of the necklace.  Her hair, fine as corn silk, had tangled around the clasp in a mare's nest of strands.  "Just pull out the hair if you have to," she said.
"No, I think I can get it."  I finally freed the clasp, then fastened the errant ends together.  The coral beads spilled over my fingers, cool and smooth as the ocean.  "What did you mean when you said I sounded like Grandmama?"  I didn't remember much about my father's mother except hiding in her wardrobe amidst all the rustling silks and satins, enveloped in a flowery dusting of ladies' powder.  Every time I smelled talcum, I thought of Grandmama.
"She used to whine about the drape of her frocks too--she was shaped like you, you know.  Short and curvy."
"I want to be a willowy elf maid."  I flapped my arms like wings and twirled through the chamber on tiptoes, pretending I could float, graceful and light as a songbird.  When I stubbed my toe on Dagmar's bedpost, I inhaled sharply at the sudden pain and sank down on the counterpane.
"You have the oddest fancies.  Anyway, my point is, Grandmama always had suitors, even when she was an old widow--they didn't seem to care if her frocks draped properly or not.  So if I were you, I wouldn't worry about it."  She turned from the mirror, holding out her skirt--it was peach-colored silk with a crisscross pattern of light green ribbon in diamond shapes around the hem.  
"That color flatters you," I said.
"You think so?"  She chewed her lip before she glanced at the mirror again, pinching more pink into her cheeks.
"You always look nice in pastels.  Why so jittery, sister?  You've visited that mirror at least five times in the last five minutes," I teased.
"I'm not jittery."  She glared at her reflection, as if willing it to behave itself.  "I just want to look presentable, that's all."
"Someone special going to be at the dance?  Anyone I know?" I persisted when she didn't answer right away.
Her cheeks flushed, and this time no pinching was needed.  "Perhaps.  I don't think you've met him though."  She put on her coral earrings to match the necklace.
"I bet I'll meet him tonight," I trilled, just for the satisfaction of seeing her blush deepen.  "When we get to the dance, how about I yell 'my sister's a likely wench?'  Whichever man nods first, I'll know that's him . . ."  
"Safire, honestly.  Behave tonight.  Please."  She suddenly looked very serious, her brow furrowed, her eyes wide, her mouth a straight line.  "This man's highborn, much higher than us, and a gentleman.  He already has many responsibilities, even though he's only a few years older than me.  He's far too earnest to appreciate your silly jests."
"You mean, he never laughs?"  Good lord, for all his faults, at least Peregrine had a sense of wit and made amusing remarks on occasion.  I couldn't imagine a suitor who never laughed.
"Of course he laughs," she said, as indignant as a sow bear roaring in defense of her cub.  "He just takes things more seriously than you do.  Most people take things more seriously than you do, Safire."  Her aura filled the chamber with golden-green light, like the sun shining through new leaves.
"You really like him, don't you?  I can tell."  I offered her my sauciest grin.  "He must be a Landers."
Her mouth formed an O of surprise.   "How do you know that?"
I rose from the bed and slung my shawl over my shoulders.  "What fun is being a witch if I can't use it to make a lucky guess once in a while?"
I heard her muttering behind me as we left the chamber and headed toward the stairs.  "You better behave tonight, Safire, or I'll tell Father," she threatened.
I paused at the landing and hugged her.  "I'll be as good as gold and sweet as sugar--the last thing I want to do is ruin your chances with a Landers."
"When you exaggerate like that, I can't help but think you're teasing me," she grumbled, but her arms slowly encircled me back, her stiffness fading as I drew away the tension she constantly carried with my witch touch.  "Safire . . ." she said, her tone lowering in admonition as she realized what I was doing.
"Shh," I whispered.  "It will help you unwind and enjoy yourself--and Sir Landers's company--more this evening than you would have otherwise.  What harm could there be in that?"  I stepped back and shook my hands, flinging the last of her apprehension off my fingers.
Her whole profile seemed softer and less sharp, her ragged edges smoothed.  "I do feel better," she admitted.  "I feel as if I could saunter up to him and start talking and not worry whether I was being too forward or not."
"Good."  I grinned.  
~ ~ ~ ~ ~
I didn't need Dagmar to introduce Selwyn of Landers to me.  Earnest seriousness oozed off him like thick mud, the same mud that stuck to carriage and cart wheels and made the roads well nigh impassable in some spots.    It was no wonder I immediately thought of sludge in his presence for his lugubrious aura hung heavily around him, a dull earthy brown shot through with straight indigo lines.  This was what Dagmar wanted in a husband?  His aura would weigh down the air and make it difficult to be merry in his presence.  Indeed, the lively music and laughter of the May Ball seemed muted and faraway now that we stood close to him, even though we were only a few yards from the circle of swaying lanterns and capering shadows of the dancers.  However, looking at Dagmar's bright eyes and rosy cheeks, hearing the lilt in her voice as she spoke his name, I realized that she really did want him (or his position at least) and thought he would make her happy.  So I kept my teeth poised over my tongue, just in case I had to bite it.
In an effort to be pleasant, I said, "Dagmar tells me you have quite a gift for arithmetic and keep all the Landers account ledgers."
He smiled, a tight-mouthed affair.  "Why yes, Lady Safire, I do.  I like numbers--there's no room for argument in arithmetic.  Either you're right or wrong--there's no in-between."
"Yes, in-between can be quite confusing, can't it?  All those messy emotions," I remarked, then glanced down before the dangerous conversational waters of irony tempted me any further.
Luckily, Selwyn seemed immune to irony.  "Couldn't agree more, my lady," he said, shaking his head.  "Passion has been the downfall of many a man."
"Many indeed," I murmured, flicking open my fan so I could hide my smile behind it.  "Are you the only Landers here then?"
He nodded.  "My kinsman Whitten is drun--indisposed," he stammered, then finished hastily, "and my cousin Merius and his father Mordric are at court."
"I do so long to go to court.  I've never been there."  Dagmar rested her fingers lightly on his lower arm as she rescued him from his verbal blunder.  Their auras mingled, spring greenery sprouting amidst the mud.
He graced her with a soft look, his aura sparking blue where she touched his arm.  Despite his disparaging remark about passion, he seemed to feel something for her that had nothing to do with numbers.  My smile, still concealed behind my fan, widened.  
"I was at court for awhile," he said.  "All the sons of high noble Houses attend the academy there."
"What's it like?" Dagmar prompted.  
He shrugged.  "I didn't much care for it.  I have no gift for courtiers' intrigues.  I enjoy staying at Landers Hall where I can keep an eye on our tenants and ride and hunt and fish when I please."
"You sound like our father," Dagmar said, her tone warm with approval.
"Come, Selwyn, you've never had the urge to sit on council, never envied Merius and Mordric their influence?" Peregrine followed his own voice from the shadows, emerging beside me so silently that I stifled a shocked gasp.  His ambergris aura descended on me, a choking cloud that stole my air.
"Good evening, Peregrine," Selwyn said.  "No, leave the council to ambitious men like you and Mordric.  I have no interest in it."  I wanted to groan, for it was obvious from Selwyn's deferential tone and words that Peregrine impressed him.  Just like my father, blinded by Peregrine's patina of coin and power.  Why could no one else seem to see what I saw?
"Good evening, Lady Dagmar, Safire."  Peregrine's hand shackled my elbow.
I snapped my fan shut and yanked my arm from his grip.  "The way you grab my arm, like the magistrate might . . . . have you come to arrest me, Sir Bara?"  I inquired coolly, rewarded by witnessing Selwyn's jaw drop.   Oh dear, I had just managed to shatter my carefully constructed impression as a demure lady.  Damn Peregrine.
"Steal you, actually."  Peregrine's eyes gleamed with devilish glee.
"You steal possessions.  You kidnap people.  Your language implies that you see me as a jewel or trinket, not as a flesh-and-blood woman."
"Oh, I see you as a woman, sweet.  Never doubt that."  His gaze traveled down my body with ungentlemanly leisure, and I shuddered, knowing that he undressed me in his mind.  Undressed me the way one might undress a doll.  No, that wasn't quite right . . . he was too bold, too predatory, to be satisfied with a lifeless plaything.  
I stepped away, swallowing, then glanced toward Dagmar, my eyes pleading for rescue.  But she wasn't looking at me.  She was looking at Selwyn, who fumbled for her hand.
"May I have the honor of this dance, Lady Dagmar?" he asked, so stiff and obviously out of his depth that I cringed for him.
Dagmar could have cared less about his lack of suavity.  She merely gave a shy little smile and looked down at their clasped hands before she murmured, "Yes."  Then they sauntered off, vanishing in the whirl of couples.  Usually I would have been happy for her, but not now.  Now I wanted to yell after her to come back.  However, if I pulled such a stunt, she would be upset with me later.  Peregrine saved his rudest behavior and remarks for the rare moments we were alone or Dagmar wasn't paying attention.  I was certain Peregrine wouldn't have dared look at me with such obvious lust if Dagmar hadn't been preoccupied with Selwyn.  She often thought I was exaggerating when I complained about him, so yelling for her now would only serve to create a scene that would get me in trouble and likely barred from future dances.
Quick as a striking snake, Peregrine grasped my wrist, his aura enveloping me, slowly smothering me.  "I've come to claim my dance, Safire."
"I haven't said yes."
"Come, pet, you want to dance, don't you?"
"I rather hoped for another partner.  Leave me alone."  Biting down on the hard words hurt my teeth, the pain of anger rousing me from the sickly sweet stupor of his aura. 
He twisted me around.  "What other partner?  Do you have another suitor?"
"If I did, it would be none of your affair."
His grip tightened on my wrist.  "I'd make it my affair.  No other man can give you what I can give you.  No other man can protect you like I can."
"Peregrine, I don't want what you can give me.  I don't want your protection."
"You don't mean that, Safire."  His voice lowered to a soft rumble as he said my name, the purr of a lion stalking tricky prey.
I was so tired of people doubting that I meant what I said or ascribing their own meaning to my words that had nothing to do with what I wanted.  Didn't anyone ever listen?  Mother had listened, but she was gone, and Dagmar and Father didn't understand me.  My eyes suddenly floated in a hot ocean of tears, the seawall of my will crumbling away.  I had vowed I would never cry before this man, never show him any weakness, yet here I was fighting back sniffle upon sniffle. 
His purr deepened.  "Oh, sweet, I don't like to see you cry.  What is it you want?"  He gently wiped a soft handkerchief under my eyes.
"For you to leave me alone.  Please, Peregrine."
"Anything but that.  I mean to marry you when you turn eighteen."
My head swiveled slowly from side to side.  "I'll never say yes."
"Oh, I believe you will when the time comes."
"What does that mean?" I demanded, trying to free my wrist from his grip.
He smiled with a vulpine flash of teeth.  "I can be very persuasive--and determined.  Your father warned me that you're quite stubborn and that I'd best give up my suit and try to win the affections of another lady.  But I don't want to do that, Safire.  Now, will you please dance with me?  I promise I'll leave you alone the rest of the night, if that's what you want."
"I don't trust your promises."  I blew my nose into his handkerchief as loudly and obnoxiously as I could, hoping it would disgust him and he would go away.  No such luck, though.  He merely grinned, crumpled up the billowy mass, and pocketed it. 
"Why?  I've given you no reason not to trust my word.  After all, I promised I would continue to court you, and I have."
"Why do you want me so much?  I've certainly gone out of my way to insult you, and your own mother hates me . . ."
"You think I listen to my mother?" he scoffed.
"You should--maybe she knows what she's talking about when it comes to me.  If you mean to be a high courtier, I'll never be a good wife for you."
"Why not?" 
"Peregrine, there's a plethora of girls more highborn than me."
"Plethora?" he repeated.  "Where do you get these words?"
"I read.  A lot."
"Why did you send back those books I gave you then?"
"Because I'll accept no gifts from you.  Ever.  I'll never be your wife."
He stared down at his hand as he slid the edge of his thumbnail under his fingernails, one by one.  "I took a lot of time selecting those titles, Safire."
"So?  I've taken a lot of time devising insults for you."
He chuckled.  "One thing I've never heard you insult is my dancing.  What do you say, pet?"
"I bet the devil is an excellent dancer."
He threw back his head and laughed, still gripping my wrist.  Just then, Dagmar and Selwyn returned from the dance, hand in hand, their eyes shining.  
"Oh, what fun!" Dagmar caught her breath.  "Safire, you'll love it."
"Thank you, Lady Dagmar.  I've been trying to persuade her of that very thing," Peregrine said.  "One dance, that's all I asked for, and she plays coy, the little flirt."
"Oh, Safire," Dagmar exclaimed, her tone indicating she thought I was being most cruel.  Damn him--he always managed to enlist her unwitting aid in making me look either foolish, stubborn, or mean.
"She won't dance with you, Bara?" Selwyn said with an odd smile, the blue lines shimmering like veins of sapphire through his otherwise dull aura.  "That's because she's a noblewoman, not a bar wench or serving maid."  Then he seemed to realize that he had spoken his thought out loud, for he turned brick red and started sputtering, the blue lines fading and twisting into knots of confusion.  
"We're not at the tavern, Selwyn," Peregrine said, his words coated with brittle ice.  "You'd best save your brave words for when Merius is here to act as your second--I doubt Whitten's sober enough for the task.  Come, pet."
"But . . ."  I protested.  He ignored me, towing me out in the midst of the dancers.  I would have dug my heels in and tried to escape, but I could barely breathe suddenly--Selwyn's remark seemed to have put Peregrine in a vile humor, for his aura spewed choking clouds of ambergris like a mad skunk spraying musk everywhere.
Deprived of fresh air, my awareness narrowed to the small circle Peregrine and I made, his large hand splayed against the small of my back, his fingers curled around mine as he guided me with dizzying speed through the steps.  My traitor feet tripped along lightly, merrily following his lead as we whirled amidst the crowd.  A delight that had nothing to do with him and everything to do with the music of the pipes, drums, and fiddles and the movement matching their rhythm raced through my veins--I did so love to dance.
Peregrine's aura faded as we turned and swayed, his anger at Selwyn with it--he apparently enjoyed this as much as I did.  "See, Safire," he said, panting a laugh, "even the devil has his moments."  
He did indeed.  It was at these dangerous moments that I felt my resolve to resist him weaken, these dangerous moments when he showed the best parts of himself--his masterful charm, his passion for life, his cleverness.  His hand tight around mine, he twirled me away from him and then drew me back, as if unwinding a spool of thread and then winding it back again.  Then he dipped me down low, so low the ends of my hair touched the grass of the meadow.  I hung there in suspension for several beats of the music, his hand warm and solid through the thin silk of my gown, his eyes intent on mine.  Heat tickled deep in my belly, and I shuddered.  He lifted me as easily as he might lift a feather.  He steered us around the other couples and around the musicians, a fiddler's bow almost knocking me in the head.
Then we suddenly were alone in the darkness past the circle of lanterns, his mouth pressed against mine, his taut lips forcing mine apart.  He breathed ambergris into my lungs until he was all I could sense.  His tongue and teeth bruised my mouth in a rough caress, that intoxicating heat rising from my loins and belly till I thought I might swoon.  Oh dear God, what if I fainted?  What would he do to me?
He broke off the kiss for an instant, muttering, "Sweet, sweet as goddamned wine with honey."
"Peregrine, no, let me go . . ."
"You say that, but you don't mean it.  Your blood boils for me, boils for a man who knows how to touch you."  
He crushed me to him, his wicked mouth swallowing my protests.  It dimly occurred to me that he was right, that he understood my shadow side in a way my family never would.  My blood did indeed boil with passion, passion that his touch could rouse.  But he still frightened me more than he attracted me.  The heat inside vanished, a chill taking its place as his grip on my back tightened, his lips traveling to my throat.  He bit my tender skin, leaving marks that would take a week to fade.
"Stop it.  Please stop . . ."  I had meant to yell but his aura choked my words so that all that emerged was a hoarse whisper.
"Say yes, Safire.  Just one little word, and I can give you everything you've ever wanted."
"You can't give me self-respect.  You can't give me freedom.  There are so many things you can't give me, no man can give me.  I can only give them to myself."
He lifted his head and stared at me--I could see the lanterns gleaming in his eyes.  "You say the strangest damn things sometimes.  My sisters and mother think you're a lunatic."
"I don't give a damn what they think--let go of me!"  Now that he no longer kissed me, I could finally get enough air in my lungs to yell.  I pushed against his chest, but likely my loud use of profanity was what really got his attention.  He stepped away, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand.  Slowly, I became aware again of the rise and fall of the music, the laughter and pounding feet of the dancers, the world beyond me and this demon man with his cunning touch.  It didn't seem as if anyone else had heard my shout over the din.  I felt the sore place on my neck where he had nibbled me with his teeth.
"You're mine," he said then.  "You know that?  You'll always be mine."  
I turned and bolted back through the crowd, dodging around couples until I emerged on the other side.  I leaned against a lantern post and struggled for breath--my lungs felt on fire.  I glanced around for Dagmar but she was nowhere to be seen.  How dare he?  I touched the place on my neck again where he had marked me.  I knew I would have a bruise there tomorrow.  A love bite, they called it.  Possessive blackguard--if this was his idea of love, then I wanted none of it.  How dare he?  My mouth curled in a moue of distaste.  I didn't belong to him.  I didn't belong to anyone except myself, and I would allow no man to brand me or cage me.  Tears welled up and dripped down my face.  I swiped at them impatiently.  Why was it that I cried sometimes when I was angry?  Tears should flavor sadness with their salt, not rage.  Rage demanded a spicy taste that burned the tongue, like when I had sprinkled powdered ginger in my mouth as a curious toddler.
I jumped as a hand curled around my arm--I was grateful when I realized it was Dagmar.  Selwyn hovered behind her, and now I found his staid aura comforting rather than monotonous.  I doubted he had ever bitten a girl's neck or even thought about biting a girl's neck.
"Safire?" she asked.  "Are you all right, sweet?"
I shook my head.  "Peregrine trod on my foot when we were dancing," I managed over the lump in my throat.  "It hurts."  I wanted to tell her the truth, but not with Selwyn listening.  
She clucked her tongue as if I were a child crying over a scraped knee.  "Here, let me look at it."  She started to lean down.  "Which one is it?"
"No, it'll be fine."  I touched her shoulder, and she straightened, looking at me.  "You don't want to get grass stains on your frock.  Why don't you and Selwyn have another dance?"
"Where is Peregrine?  Did he just leave you?" she demanded.
"No, he most certainly did not," came Peregrine's deeply amused voice.  "She left me, the naughty creature.  Here," he said, handing me a glass of spiced wine.  I cringed as his fingers brushed against mine.  
"I don't want this.  For all I know, it's poisoned," I spat, tempted to throw the wine in his face until I remembered we had an audience.  
"Safire, I know he hurt your foot, but I'm sure he didn't mean to.  It's certainly no reason to be so rude," Dagmar said severely.  She really did treat me like a child sometimes.
"Would you like some wine, Dagmar?" Selwyn asked.
"Your foot?" Peregrine hissed.  "What is she talking about?"
I stared straight ahead into the dark night, ignoring him.  The branches and leaves of the trees at the edge of the pasture wove black lace against the deep blue of the sky--it was at moments like these I ached for some canvas and pigments and brushes and someone to show me how to use them.  If Peregrine were an artist, I might even agree to marry the brute just so I could learn how to paint--I was that desperate to feel the colors inside pouring out of my fingertips.
Safire ~ Age 17, August 

"I'll be back before you know it," Dagmar said as I hugged her tightly.  "It's only a few months.  Now I expect you to write me a letter every week so I don't get too lonesome."
I nodded, not trusting myself to speak.  She touched my hair, leaving traces of her sage scent to comfort me before she let go and climbed into the waiting carriage.  Father stepped forward, holding up a leather pouch.
"Here's some more coin, sweet."
"But Father, you already gave me coin," Dagmar said as she settled on to the seat and looked down at us, her hands resting on the window ledge.  
"That was silver and gold.  These are coppers--you'll need them to tip the servants at court."
She nodded and reached down.  As her fingers closed around the pouch, I noticed her shoulders jerk.  She set the coins on the seat with a clinking, then looked at us again, wiping her eyes with her handkerchief.  I held up my hand, and she clasped it until Boltan snapped the reins.  With a rumble of wheels and a clop of horses' hooves, the carriage moved forward.
"Keep her safe on the road, Boltan," Father called, and Boltan lifted one hand in acknowledgement.
Dagmar leaned out the window until they reached the end of the drive.  Then she waved and retreated back into carriage, disappearing from view.  I couldn't believe it would be at least two months before I saw her again.  She was going to court before her unofficial betrothal to Selwyn became official with a contract.   Even though Father approved of the match, he wanted to see if she could snag any other offers so that he would have more bargaining leverage with the House of Landers.  When I had asked Dagmar how she felt about Selwyn, she had only offered a vague smile and said, "He's a Landers, what I've always wanted" an answer which made me groan and put my hands over my eyes as I shook my head.  Dagmar had thought I had suddenly taken ill, which I supposed in a way I had.    
"Seems a bit callous, her going to court to meet other young men when we know she's going to marry Selwyn," I remarked, kicking at the gravel as the carriage vanished around a curve in the road.  "What if some poor man falls desperately in love with her and challenges Selwyn to a duel?"
Father laughed and patted my head.  "You and your romantic notions.  For your sake, I hope some highborn man does fall in love with her and challenges the Landers."
"Why for my sake?" 
"Because the fewer acres I have to offer for Dagmar's dowry are the more acres I can offer for yours when the time comes.  If all I have left is the swamp and house for your dowry, you'd best start being nicer to Peregrine."
"Father, I'm always going to hate him."
Father sighed, scratching his bald spot.  "So you keep telling me."
"I'll never marry him."
"So you keep telling me," he repeated.  When I glared at him, he sighed again. "Safire, I just want to be certain both you and Dagmar are provided for before I join your mother.  Now, if you want to string along Peregrine, fine.  Just keep doing it until I have a firm offer for you from another man you like better."
I snorted.  "That shouldn't take long.  I could marry the first man I meet on the road into town, and I wager I'd like him better than I do Peregrine."
"I should have known you would make a jest out of it and split hairs.  I suppose I should have said a firm offer from a highborn man you like better."
I held out my hands, fingers spread, palms facing the sky, as if I hoped God would drop my true love straight from heaven into my arms.  "But you never let me meet highborn men, Father, so how am I supposed to find this mythical alternative to Peregrine?  Peregrine will be my doom--you'll make him my doom.  I swear, if you force me into a betrothal with him, I'll elope with the first willing peasant I can find."  
"I'll disown you if you do," he said, jabbing the air with his finger before he turned to go back in the house.
"Sure you will," I muttered, following him.  It was a threat I had heard from him before, and like all his threats, I didn't take it very seriously.
I trudged upstairs to my chamber and fell across my bed.  I lay there for a long while, lightly kicking the footboard in a dull rhythm as I watched the darting shadows of the birds outside the windows flying across the floor and listened to their chirps and shrill quarrels.  I wished I could have gone to court with Dagmar.  I missed her already.  It wouldn't be so bad if Lawrence was still here and I had lessons to occupy me.  But now that I was almost seventeen and a half and Dagmar was twenty and practically betrothed, we no longer needed a tutor.  I helped Boltan's quiet wife Greit in the kitchen in the mornings and did some other chores--I loved feeding the chickens and geese--but none of these pursuits provided the mental diversion lessons had.  And I could draw and read all day, but much as I enjoyed those two activities, they were solitary.  No one else here liked to read, and none of them wanted to see my sketches.  I didn't mind solitude with my books and sketch board as long as it was tempered with meals together and conversations and trips to Calcors.  But now, aside from me and Father eating dinner together and Peregrine's visits, I would have no one to talk to.  With both Dagmar and Boltan gone, I was lonely.
I sat up, my feet hitting the floor with a decisive thump, which was odd, as I had no idea where they were taking me.  When they halted before my trunk and I fell on my knees before it in reverence of my hidden art, I knew then what I must do.  Dagmar and Boltan were gone, Dagmar for a few months, Boltan for at least a week until he got Dagmar safely settled at court.  They were my loving keepers, my guards, and without them here, I would be lonely, yes, but I could also do what I had secretly longed to do since I had kissed Terester Grayhills at the market that day over a year ago.
I opened the trunk and pulled out the portfolio where I stowed my best sketches.  This I stuffed in my leather satchel with a small pouch of coppers--my allowance.  After I had collected these items and slung the satchel over my shoulder, I slammed the trunk shut and raced for the doorway.  Father was in his study down the hall.  The door hung partly ajar.  I knocked, then poked my head around the edge.  He glanced up from a letter he composed, the thin foolscap rustling.
"I'm taking Strawberry for a ride," I said, a fluttering moth-wing tickle of nerves inside.  Not a lie precisely, but not the whole truth either.  If he knew the whole truth, he would forbid me to go.
"All right, sweet.  Just be careful.  And be back in time for dinner."  He smiled before turning back to his letter, and the sight of it broke my heart.  He loved me, wanted the best for me, so why did I so often have to conceal the truth from him? 
Sour shame and sweet excitement warred inside as I saddled Strawberry.  The battle raged as we cantered out of the courtyard and down the road, Strawberry snorting and prancing and gnawing on her bit with obvious impatience--it had been several days since I had ridden her, the poor dear.  Usually Dagmar and I rode at least every other day, but there had been little time during the last week as I helped her prepare for her journey to court. 
By the time we reached the main road to Calcors, excitement had vanquished shame, at least for now, and I leaned over Strawberry's mane, urging her forward.  She needed little encouragement, quickly catching my wild mood as it mirrored her own longing to run free.  I inhaled the scents of hay and horse sweat and laughed breathlessly, feeling the satchel slap my back as Strawberry picked up speed.
Safire ~ Age 17, October 
The wind rose, furling the edges of the drawings I had anchored on the Calcors seawall with rocks.  My hair whipped in my eyes, and I grabbed at the strands, cursing under my breath as I felt snarls.  I really should have asked Dagmar to plait it for me--she had magic hands when it came to hair.  But she had just returned from court and was busy unpacking.  Besides, she might have asked what I was doing and wanted to come with me if I had told her I was going riding--then where would I be?
I leaned against the wall, still holding back my errant hair with one hand, and surveyed the crowd milling past.  Some grubby children ran by, chasing a hoop and laughing, a scraggly, spotted dog loping after them, its tongue hanging out.  I smiled to myself--the dog in particular looked like it was having a merry time.  I would have to draw them later when I returned to the privacy of my chamber.  I would have liked to have brought my sketch board and drawn here, but I couldn't very well pass my sketches off as the work of my nonexistent brother if I had charcoal smudges on my hands.  I was becoming quite fond of my alter self S. Marsh, as I thought of him--perhaps one of my brothers who had died in infancy would have been like him, artistic and witty and hard-working.  Someone I could have talked to about books and painting.  Perhaps his spirit and my mother's spirit kept each other company in the afterlife--I was certain that after Mother had crossed over, she had found all the babies she had lost waiting for her, that they were together now, waiting for Father and then someday, Dagmar and me.  My throat suddenly hurt as if I'd swallowed a knife.  It was exactly three years to the day of Mother's death.
"You all right, miss?" came a gruff voice beside me, and I started.  A burly, hairy man wearing the gold-piped blue frock coat of a ship captain peered at me, the grayish bristles of his brows knit together in a shallow V across his forehead.
"I'm fine," I said, hearing to my chagrin a shrill quaver in my voice.  "I like your hat," I added.
He touched the brim of his black tricorn (gold-piped around the edges as well) with a friendly, if somewhat withered, grin.  There were gaps between several of his yellowish teeth.   He had to be at least sixty, or perhaps weathered older than his years by a hard life on the sea.  No matter his age, though, his aura burned a lovely deep red, a fiery wine coloring the air around him. 
"Are you a sailor?" I inquired.
"I'm captain of the Gallant," he said.  "Have been for ten years now.  These yours?"  He indicated the sketches with a broad sweep of his arm, the large gesture of a short man accustomed to commanding others taller than him.  
"My brother's," I said, trying not to hesitate.  The lie still came hard, even after telling it so many times.  Perhaps even harder with each retelling.  The words choked me, stones across my tongue, then tumbled to the ground with a harsh clatter that hurt my ears.
"He's an odd fellow, isn't he?" the captain said, deep furrows in his brow as he examined the sketches.  Oh dear, yet another person who thought my faces in the bottle, my woman with the bird shadow, my old ones trudging their path to the sea were strange, yet another person who didn't understand.  I had been coming here for two months and had yet to sell one sketch.  I didn't know why I still came, except I enjoyed observing the people go to and fro--it gave me ideas for more drawings that no one would likely ever buy.
The captain paused over the last sketch, a simple rendering of Strawberry trotting across the pasture, her head high, her eyes bright as she listened to the clangs and metallic scrapes of Boltan preparing her mash in the old cauldron.  "I like this one," he said.  "Looks like a horse I had when I was a boy--how much?"
I gaped at him, my mind blank.  Had he just asked how much?  I opened my mouth, then closed it again as I realized that I had no clue what I was about to say.  I had thought briefly about prices when I started this venture, but now I could remember none of it. 
"Miss, how much?" he repeated.
"How about a silver?"
He grinned again, apparently amused at my obvious discomfiture.  "Highway robbery, but I'll pay it because you blushed, and it warms my old heart that I can still make a pretty girl blush."
I giggled, mostly from shock as he fumbled in his pocket and then dropped a shining silver coin on my palm along with a dusting of blue lint.  My fingers shaking, I stashed the coin in my satchel as he moved the rock from the sketch and then deftly rolled it up like the maps they kept on board ships.   
"Good day, miss," he said and tipped his hat in my direction before he started walking toward the docks, whistling a sea shanty, the sketch tucked under one arm.
"Oh dear," I muttered to myself.  "Oh dear."  What was this feeling inside?  Needle pricks of excitement yes, but also a brief cold shaft of emptiness.  I would never see that sketch again, after spending so many hours on it, making certain I caught that exact instant when three of Strawberry's hooves were airborne, the gleam of the setting sun over her chestnut flank, the dark glimmer of her large eyes, the spring of her freshly combed mane, the faint curl of her eyelashes . . . I must have sat on the paddock fence every evening for at least a week, waiting for that moment so I could capture it as precisely as possible.  And now that moment was no longer mine.  I had sold it.  Now that moment was gone from my sight forever, perhaps to hang in the captain's cabin as he sailed across the Gilgin Sea to countries I would likely never see.
My hands still trembling, I gathered up my remaining works and returned them to the portfolio, snapping it shut quickly when the wind began to howl again.  The cathedral clock boomed thrice, which meant I probably could have stayed another hour and still been home in plenty of time to take care of Strawberry and then dress for dinner.  However, after the shock of selling my first sketch, I doubted my ability to think clearly the rest of the day, and I had to keep my wits about me down here near the seawall.  Although I was careful to come here at times I knew Peregrine was away at court, his sisters or mother or someone else who would recognize me might stroll by, and then where would I be?  Also, despite the crowd, there was always the danger of a clever thief or worse kind of brigand waylaying me in an alley.  So best to go home now, before I became too distracted with excitement.
I retrieved Strawberry from the hitching post across the street, first shoveling her manure into the nearby cart so that I could claim back the copper I had left as a deposit.  The man who owned the hitching post sold the manure in the cart for compost.  Dagmar would have wailed at me for being unladylike--a true lady would have never cleaned up after her horse--but I didn't see the point in spending a whole copper to pay someone to do a job I could just as well do myself.  Ladylike behavior be damned.  I was no lady, not anymore.  I had engaged in common trade when I put my sketches out for sale, which meant I was no longer a lady.  Perhaps Peregrine would hear of my improper behavior, decide I wouldn't be a fit wife for him, and leave me alone.  God, I wished he would.  I tossed the shovel aside with a sudden burst of vicious energy.
When I galloped into the courtyard at home and dismounted, I saw a black horse tethered by the stable.  As I led Strawberry to her stall, I paused by the stranger and hesitantly patted his neck.  He grew still and regarded me with mild eyes.
"You're an old soldier, aren't you?" I crooned to him, noticing the tiny grizzled hairs sprouting around his velvety nose.
"That's Sir Mordric's horse Hunter," Boltan said as he emerged from the depths of the stable.  "Fine animal.  'Course, all the Landers horses are fine."  
"That they are.  Didn't Peregrine buy Trident from the Landers?"  
"He sure did."  Boltan shook his head.  "Only silver stallion I've ever seen--seems a shame such a rare creature should be forced to carry that Bara ass."
"Boltan!"  I howled a laugh.  "Oh dear--don't let Father hear you say that."
"Never fear, my lady.  I know when to speak and when to stay silent--it's a skill you could stand to learn."
I stamped my foot.  "I already know my faults.  How could I not?  You, Father, and Dagmar never fail to point them out."
The wrinkles of his tanned face turned into shadowed creases as he grinned widely.  "We lecture because we care so much, Lady Safire."
"At least you see Peregrine's faults as well as mine--I wish Dagmar and Father did."  I frowned.
"They will, my lady."  He squeezed my shoulder, a light pressure of comfort, before he grasped Strawberry's halter.  "I expect I notice it more because I'm a servant--all the bad ones show their true faces to their underlings a long time before their equals even notice they're wearing a mask."
I offered him a small smile.  "There, that's better," he said.  "I like to see you smiling, laughing if you can manage it."  He started to lead Strawberry toward her stall.
"But I can brush her down and . . ."
"No, my lady.  You'd best get inside.  I doubt your father would appreciate you coming in smelling of the stable.  Remember, Sir Mordric's the provincial minister at court, a man your father wants to impress as much as possible.  And be forewarned--they're in the midst of hammering out that betrothal contract between Lady Dagmar and Sir Selwyn."
"Oh dear--I bet poor Father's in a state.  Thank you, Boltan."  I headed toward the house.  Dagmar had attracted some notice at court but no firm offers aside from Selwyn's, so Father had far less bargaining power with the Landers than he would have liked.  I expected it had been a grueling afternoon for him.
As I went up the main staircase and down the second floor hallway to my chamber, the low rumble of voices in Father's study dogged the clicks of my heeled riding boots.  The door was open just a crack, enough for me to hear Father say, "But that only leaves the south fields for Safire's dowry, and those are half swamp."
"Avernal, don't forget your elder daughter will be allied with the House of Landers.  If you play your cards right, that alliance alone should help you secure a good match for your younger daughter, no matter the size of her dowry," said a smooth, deep voice that immediately put me in mind of Peregrine.  My hackles rose.
"Play my cards right?"  Father sounded upset--oh no, he'd never be able to bargain his way around Mordric now.  Even though I had never seen this Mordric and only just heard his voice for the first time, I could already tell he was a sphinx, the sort who would try to manipulate others' displays of emotion to his advantage.  Just like Peregrine.  "This is not a poker game," Father continued.  "This is my daughter's future--I can't bluff my way out of a swamp."
"Why not?  I realize this is a serious matter and not a game, but it still would behoove you to think of it that way.  If you thought of it as a game, it might allow you to be more objective about it, which could in turn lead to a better outcome." 
Father exhaled heavily.  "You don't have daughters, Mordric."
"True enough.  Trust me, though, sons are no easier.  There are days I would trade Merius for a passel of well-behaved daughters."  I could detect no warmth in Mordric's tone when he spoke of his son, only a cold, slightly amused weariness.  What a wretched man.  There came a clatter, then a rattle of what sounded like thick parchment.  "Now back to the matter at hand.  From the Landers perspective, the harbor is useless without all the north fields and woods . . ."
"All the north fields?" Father demanded.  "How can you say all?"
"Avernal, look at the map of your estate."  The parchment rattled again.  "There's no point in including that harbor with Dagmar's dowry if you don't also include a ready way to access it . . ."
I had heard enough.  Poor Father.  By the time this Mordric got done with him, I doubted even the pig sty would be left for my dowry.  Moving as quietly as I could, I proceeded down the hall to my chamber, where I removed my boots and concealed my satchel and portfolio in the trunk.  Remembering the silver--how could I have forgotten?--I felt around the bottom of the satchel for it.  My hand closed around the hard, surprisingly heavy circle, the tiny ridges around the edge pressing into my fingertips, the cool metal soon warming at my touch.  I pulled it out and examined it.  I had never really looked at a silver before--how pretty it was, with the Cormalen stag prancing across it.  I traced the branches of the stag's antlers before I fisted my hand around the silver.  The first coin I had ever earned from my sketches, the first coin I could truly call mine.  I'd have to buy more drawing paper with it.  But for now I would treasure it, a symbol that one day I might earn enough coin with my sketches to go to Sarneth and learn painting.  
I brushed the wind snarls from my hair and slid on my best slippers.  Then I glanced at my reflection to make certain there was no dirt smudged on my face--I assumed Mordric was staying for dinner, and the last thing I wanted was some highfalutin Landers looking down his nose at us.
As I left the chamber in search of Dagmar--I wanted to tell her what I had learned about the dowry negotiations--I heard the scrape of chair legs across the floorboards, then the loud thump of Father's boots.  He poked his head around the edge of the study door.  His hair stuck out in gingery wisps, his orange aura tattered and frayed about the edges, a sign he felt harried.
"Oh," he said.  "I thought you might be Dagmar--she's supposed to sign this."
"I'm going to find her--do you want me to tell her to come up here?"  I realized then that I still held the silver in my hand.  Feeling foolish, I started to put it in my skirt pocket, but couldn't quite bring myself to let it go yet.
"That would be good of you, Safire.  First, though, I'd like you to meet Sir Mordric."  
As I went through the doorway of the study, I patted Father's shoulder in an attempt to untie some of the knots in his sinews.  He was so tense that I half expected to hear his muscles twang when I touched him.  
Mordric rose then, and I was shocked to see he had a sword strapped to his belt.  It wasn't that I had never seen an armed man before--Father carried a dagger when he went out, and Peregrine wore a sword.  But never in the house--he always left it at the front door.  What kind of man carried a sword in the house?  
My curiosity now rampant, I examined him more closely than I might have otherwise.  Tall, as tall as Peregrine, but lean.  And gray--gray hair, gray eyes, gray doublet, gray aura.  The only bits of color were some deep maroon blotches scattered throughout his aura, the bleeding wounds of a scarred, suspicious spirit.  Perhaps he had been to battle?  That would explain why he carried weapons everywhere he went and why he moved with the spare, quiet grace of a swordsman.
"Mordric, this is my younger daughter, Safire," Father said, his hand curling around my elbow briefly before he reclaimed his seat.
"Pleased to meet you, sir."  I gave a slight curtsy, the standard pleasantry.
"Good afternoon, my lady."  He inclined his head before sitting back down.  I couldn't believe how efficiently lithe he was--not one extraneous movement.  Had to be a swordsman.
"Have you been to battle?" I asked.
"Safire."  Father's voice held a warning note.  "None of your questions now--Sir Mordric and I have to finish this."
Mordric ignored him.  "I was a commander in the king's guard when I was young."
"Oh.  You don't seem like you were ever young.  Oh no," I stammered, suddenly realizing what I had just said.  "Oh no, I'm sorry, I didn't mean it like that . . ."
"Safire."  Father's voice dipped dangerously low, the way he had said my name when I was a child and due for a switching.
Mordric met my gaze, and I swallowed under his unblinking, expressionless scrutiny.  I felt like a worm squirming on top of a clod of earth he had just kicked over, a poor worm desperately seeking the safety of the dark again.  
"Thank goodness Selwyn doesn't want to marry you," he said evenly before he turned to Father.  "I hope Dagmar doesn't have a tongue like that."
"No, no, of course not."  Father rushed to reassure him.  "You must forgive Safire--she's not been out in company much."
Mordric chuckled, a mirthless sound.  "I can see now why you're so concerned with this one's dowry--her husband will need the balm of a good dowry to take the sting out of her company."
Rage flickered through me--how dare he insult me thus?  What I'd said must have touched some nerve, though this man seemed too frozen to have nerves.  The edge of the silver cut into my palm.  I looked down at it, the rage going from a flicker to an inferno.
"I'm sorry I offended you, sir," I said, my fingers closing around the coin again.  "It must be difficult for you when the cattle you trade with such cold-blooded skill start speaking your native tongue and show an uncanny understanding of the slaughter you intend for them."
Triumph flared inside when Mordric started--I had managed to take this ice-veined blackguard by surprise.  His eyes narrowed as he appraised me with his gaze.  Then I caught Father's slack-jawed look--he was so shocked that he was past anger at this point, though I was certain I would be in loads of trouble later.  Loads.  Oh dear, I hadn't meant to upset him.  I never meant to upset him, but somehow I always did. 
Still clutching the coin, I whirled around and fled the study before I made a bad situation worse.  How I wished I could tell Father that he needn't worry about my dowry so much, that he needn't treat with men like this Mordric to secure my future.  How I wanted to tell him about the coin I'd earned today.  How I longed to tell him that with enough hard work and a little luck, I could find my own destiny.  But telling would do no good--he would never believe me.  I'd have to show him, show them all, and then maybe they would believe.


If you enjoyed this novella, Safire’s story continues in The Witch Awakening, the first novel of the Landers Saga, a completed series.  Scroll down for the first chapter of The Witch Awakening . . .

Chapter One--Safire

The sky had cracks in it.  Then the wind rose, and I blinked, startled, as the cracks moved and transformed into the writhing bare branches of the old oak.  Shivering, I sat up and pulled my cloak around my shoulders.  Dusk had crept across the fields with shadow feet while I lay here, half in a doze as I watched the clouds.  I should have been home an hour ago.
I stumbled up and shook the dust from my clothes.  The blood stirred in my veins, stinging my numb skin as I began to walk along the rutted wagon track.  The moon hung low and huge over the smudged shapes of the trees.  "Go away," I told it.  "I'm already late enough as it is." 
The house wasn't far.  The track wound through two fields, stubby with wheat stalks, and then through a tangle of trees before it stopped at the edge of the cobbled courtyard.  My breath made fog as I stared at the light spilling from the large front windows on the first story of the house.  Father and my sister Dagmar were there now, eating.  Grimacing from the cold, I plucked up my skirt and headed for the side door.
As I went across the courtyard, a horse whickered.  I glanced toward the stable and froze.  My father couldn't have done this to me.  I had told him, insisted that he never invite that man again, at least when I was around.  But did he listen?  No.  There stood the evidence, eating out of its feed bag, oblivious:  Peregrine of Bara's horse.  
Even in this light, no one could mistake that silver gray coat with the black stripe down the back.  The biggest scoundrel on the coast had the loveliest horse.  Peregrine.  If I had known he was here for dinner, I would have stayed out in the field all night.  I threw open the front door and slammed it as I tossed my cloak on a bench.  
Dagmar hurried through a doorway, her blond hair piled on her head in an explosion of ringlets.  She stopped and stared at me.  I glanced down at myself, holding out my skirt.  I wasn't dressed for dinner--I wore my oldest frock and my slippers were covered with dirt.
"Where have you been?" she demanded.  "Dinner started a quarter hour ago, Safire."
"I forgot."
"You forgot!  You're always forgetting--and look at you!  Get upstairs and put on a decent frock.  Father's going to throttle you.  And do something about your hair .  .  ." her words trailed off as I sauntered to the mirror over the hall table.  
I had to stand on tiptoe and lean over the table to get a good look at myself.  Someone tall must have hung this mirror.  I poked my tongue in my cheek.  There was a long smudge of dirt running down the side of my face, and my freckles stood out worse than usual.  My red curls, my best feature, were stringy.  I turned and looked at her.  
She stood there, hands fluttering limply at her sides. "Safire .  .  ."
"I like the way I look.  It's fitting for our company."  I tossed my hair and strode towards the banquet hall.
"Stop it."  She reached for me.  But I was already through the door.
Father glanced up from his place at the head of the table, a vein standing out under the wisps of fading gingery hair that drifted over his forehead.  He usually had a ruddy complexion, but his skin looked positively crimson tonight, his orange aura aflame.  I faltered, taking a half step back.  Then my gaze drifted to Peregrine.  Bold blue eyes met mine in a look that could only be described as a leer.  Lustful toad.  I had never been able to see his aura, only smell it--he kept it hidden from sight like an ace up his sleeve.  
My head high, I slid into my accustomed chair.  "My apologies for my lateness.  I was unavoidably detained."
"Obviously not by your lady's maid," Father retorted, stabbing a piece of pheasant with his fork.  "You look like you've been digging in the potato patch."
He must be really angry, to let Peregrine see his displeasure.  "Father .  .  ." I began.
"Up to your chamber, Safire."
Biting my lip, I rose as Dagmar crept into the hall and silently took her seat.  
"Now, Avernal," Peregrine said, his voice slippery as oiled silk, "Don't tell me I'm to be deprived of your daughter's presence thrice in a fortnight.  Last time I called she had a headache, and the time before that she had a fever."
"That's because you make me ill."  
Father's face went purple.  "Safire, you headstrong .  .  ." he choked.
I put my hands to my mouth.  He was going to have apoplexy right here, just like Dagmar and I had always feared.  And it was my fault.  I stumbled around the table, reaching for him.
"Father, breathe.  Just breathe."  My fingers curled around his arm, and I felt the tight ropes of his muscles through his shirt.  As I had done many times before, I concentrated on the tension, drawing it away from him and into me.  Tonight, it was like swallowing a swarm of hornets.  His shoulders jerked with the effort to exhale and inhale, a motion that gradually subsided to an even rhythm.  But I backed away only when he raised his palm from the table.
"Enough," he said gruffly.  "Sit down, daughter."   
~ ~ ~ ~ ~
My hand clutched the charcoal stick, all the tautness inside me draining out on the paper in strong, black lines.  It was a storm scene--a raging sea and jagged bolts of lightning and clouds pregnant with darkness.  A bird struggled in the midst of the storm as it searched for solid ground.  I paused over the last bedraggled feather and closed my eyes as I leaned against the rough boards of the stable wall.  Finally, I was empty again, and what I wanted most in the world was my cozy bed with its goose down pillows and heavy quilt.  Yawning, I set aside my sketch board and breathed the sweetness of hay and old leather and horse sweat.
The lantern flickered from a sudden draft as the door flew open.  "I knew I'd find you out here in the animal pen," Dagmar exclaimed.  "Oh, Safire--you've been messing with that nasty charcoal again.  You know Father hates that.  It makes you look like a hearth sweep."
I sighed.  "Leave me be."
"I won't.  Someone needs to take you in hand."
"What do you want, Dagmar?"  I hugged my knees.
"I want you to quit worrying Father."
I rolled my eyes.  "Do you always have to be the older sister?  Leave me out of it for once.  Seriously, what do you want?  Are you content marrying Selwyn, having his babies?"
"I suppose so."  She shrugged.  "What else is there?"
"But you don't even love him."
She shrugged again.  "It's a great honor, Safire, marrying into the House of Landers.  There's not a higher noble House at court.  I could be doing worse."
"But .  .  ."
"And you--you could be doing worse than Peregrine."
"I could be doing better, too."
"Your pride's going to be the ruin of you.  Ridiculous."
"I bet you wouldn't think it was so ridiculous if you had that horrid man breathing down your neck, asking to marry you."
"Peregrine of Bara is handsome, well-mannered, and high at court.  Not to mention the fact he's dripping with coin."
"Dirty coin." 
"That's not true.  That was just a nasty rumor, and you know it.  You're lucky that some man even wants to marry you, with how you carry on.  I can just see you now, an old spinster wandering the hills, muttering to yourself and gathering witches' herbs.  That is, if you're lucky.  If you're unlucky, a serving wench or some dirty dockhand's mistress."
"To be honest, sister, I'd work as a tavern wench who served more in the beds than at the tables before I'd ever stoop to marry that man."  I smiled and grabbed my sketch board under one arm as I got to my feet.
"I bet you would.  I bet you would bring shame on the family, just to prove you could.  Ruin everything Father's done to build this House's position at court, just to prove you could.  Father should have sent you to the convent."  She picked up the lantern and followed me out of the stable, still talking.  "You'll regret it, you know.  In ten years, you'll regret it.  But it will be too late then--no man will want you then."
I stopped in front of Peregrine's mount.  He stood in the stable yard, languidly munching on some hay the groom had put out for him.  I reached up and scratched the place between his ears.  He tossed his head, neighing, and regarded me with dark, suspicious eyes.  "Hello, Trident," I whispered.  "Don't you remember me?  I'm the one who told you to throw Peregrine."
"Safire, honestly .  .  ."  Dagmar gasped.
"What is it?"  I glanced around just as Peregrine stepped out of the shadows behind the stable door and strolled towards us, hands in his pockets.
Dagmar muttered something and fled to the house.  Damn her--she knew I hated being alone with him.  I shrank against the horse as he came closer, his boots echoing on the cobbles.  He paused a few yards from where I stood.
"You like my horse?" he asked.
I met his stare with one of my own.  "I suppose.  He's a fine animal."
"He's yours."
"I already have a horse."
"Sell him then.  Buy a new frock.  Or better yet, save the coin for your future as a barmaid--you'll likely need it."
"You heard that?"
"Yes, I heard everything."
"Good."
Peregrine shrugged.  "It's not anything I haven't heard from you before."  He took a step closer, and I shifted my sketch board so it was between us, a feeble shield.  "Your father's practically promised me your hand, you know."
"He wouldn't do that, not without my consent."  
"He doesn't need your consent, pet."
"If he wants to keep me as a daughter, he does.  The answer is no, Peregrine.  How many times do I have to tell you?"
"As many times as it takes for you to say yes."
"Only God can wait that long.  I suggest you take your suit elsewhere."  I ducked beneath Trident's head, giving him one last pat before I headed for the house.
"There is nowhere else for me to take it, Safire."
I whirled on him.  "I hate you.  I always will.  Now leave.  How much plainer can I make myself?"
"How can you hate me?  I haven't done anything except bring you presents you don't accept." 
"It's not anything you've done," I spat.  "It's what you're thinking of doing every time you look at me.  It's disgusting."
"If that was all I wanted you for, I wouldn't be offering marriage."  His voice lowered to a silky hiss as he leaned closer.  "And a true maid wouldn't know what I was thinking when I look at you."
I slapped him, but he only chuckled, grabbing my arm.  I wrinkled my nose at the overpowering scent of ambergris, an earthy sweetness that reminded me of the dust from the carved wooden saints in the ancient parish church, the scent of centuries-old driftwood slowly decaying.  It was something only I could sense.  When I had first met him two years before, I had told Dagmar that he reeked of ambergris cologne.  She had given me her best older sister look and said that all she smelled was soap and expensive pipe weed, proper gentleman smells, and that I must have a cold.  So I had said no more of it.  Usually auras were something I saw, not smelled, but Peregrine was different apparently.  Likely if Mother had been alive, she would have sensed the ambergris too and been able to explain why he was different to me, but Mother had been dead for over a year by the time we met Peregrine.  
"How dare you--let go of me!"
"Is everything all right, Lady Safire?"  Boltan, our head groom, appeared in the stable doorway, holding a carriage whip.  Peregrine instantly released my arm.
"Everything's fine, thank you, Boltan.  Sir Bara was just leaving."  I glared at Peregrine as he mounted Trident.
"Groom," he said curtly as he pointed at the hitching post.  Boltan undid the reins and tossed them to Peregrine.
"Anything to speed your departure, sir."  Boltan's tone was insolently bland.
"You had best keep a civil tongue in your head," Peregrine snapped before he turned to me.  "I'll have a ring for you soon, sweet.  Whatever you want."
"Pearls from the moon and gold from the sun and rubies made from the heart you don't possess.  Then I might consider it.  And how dare you upbraid Boltan?"
"Good night, Safire.  You're in my dreams," he finished with a leer.
I was hunting some clever retort when Trident wheeled around and galloped to the road, carrying his master away into the night.  Boltan and I stared after him long after he had vanished, the sound of hooves slowly fading.
Boltan shook his silvered head, lowering the whip.  "Don't take his ring, my lady.  He's a bad one."
I sighed.  "Tell my father that."  Forcing myself to more cheerful subjects, I said, "Has Strawberry had her carrot yet?"  Strawberry was my mare, a fiery little chestnut with a white star on her forehead.
"Now you know she only takes carrots from you."
"You don't break them up in small enough pieces, that's all.  Here, let me show you."  We headed into the stable.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~
The next day, I pretended a headache and stayed in my chamber all morning, sketching madly.  Sometimes in the afternoons, telling the others I was going for a ride to the cliffs near the shore, I would gallop to Calcors and try to sell my drawings at the market there.  At first, it had been difficult.  Few people besides me liked my storm scenes or my faces wailing in bottles or my studies of dead birds.  But when I started drawing flowers and landscapes with cows grazing and other nice, proper things, I actually managed to sell a few, always passing them off as the work of my nonexistent brother.  I signed everything S.  Marsh--if I had put S. of Long Marsh, everyone would have known I came from a minor noble House, and some would have recognized the name and known it was a minor noble House with no sons.
There came a knock at the door.  It was several moments before I glanced up from the sketch of the tomcat chasing mice on the paper before me.  I added one last tuft to his ears, then picked up the drawing just as the knock sounded again, louder this time.  Likely it was Dagmar, come to nag.  "Just a moment," I yelled as I stowed the drawing in the trunk.  I thought I caught the cat's tail twitching out of the corner of my eye as the shadow of the descending trunk lid overtook the sketch.  I lifted the lid, curious, but the sketch was still, like any other sketch in the full light.  Of course it was still.  Shadows always made drawings seem alive--for an instant.  I shook my head at my own silly fancy and let the lid slam down.
Father opened the door.  "Dear God," he muttered.  "I come here to reprimand you for one misbehavior and find you committing another.  You're hopeless."
I crossed my blackened hands behind me.  "I thought you were off to Calcors on business this morning."
"That business has been delayed."  He began to pace.  "Your behavior last night shames your mother's memory." 
"Don't mention her, Father.  It's not in good taste to use the dead to shame your children."
"It's also not in good taste to insult a guest at your father's table."
"Even if that guest happens to be a lustful toad?"
"Safire, I wouldn't let a man who was dishonorable court one of my daughters."
"What about a poor man?  Would you let a poor man court me?"
He stopped and looked at me.  "You're young, so young, and you don't understand.  If you had brothers, I wouldn't worry so much.  They could take care of you when I'm gone, make certain you married well."
"'Married well'--what does that mean, exactly?"  I crossed my arms, not minding the smears of charcoal on my sleeves.
"You know it means money, so don't goad me."  His tone grew harsher as he began to pace again.  "Money and the security that comes with it.  I would be a poor father indeed if I didn't leave my daughters with some provision for the future."
"Father, don't talk like this."  My voice trembled.  "You have years left."
"Like your mother?"
"Don't," I whispered.
"I'm sorry.  I'm just trying to make you understand."  He sighed.  "You know, I thought you would be the easy one.  My bright little Safire, so like your mother.  Then she died, and I lost you.  I let you grow wild, stubborn, unwomanly.  Now you make all those odd sketches, wallow in the animal mess.  Then you go lie in fields for hours and brood all the time.  It's not natural."
I hated that word--brood--it made me sound like a chicken hatching eggs.  I laughed suddenly, having an image of myself with droopy tail feathers and a sign that read don't disturb--she's brooding tied around my neck.
"Don't laugh," he snapped.  "Not about this.  The estate is in debt up to the roof, and there's no humor in that."
"In debt to whom?" 
He shifted, realizing he had said too much.  "It's not your concern, sweet."
"I know you owe the Landers.  Who else?"
"I said it's not your concern."
A sudden, horrible thought came to me, and I blurted out, "Peregrine?  Are you in debt to Peregrine?"
He hesitated an instant too long before he answered.  "No, of course not."
"Oh no.  No, Father.  How could you think of selling me to that, that scoundrel to settle a few debts .  .  ."  I sank down on the bed, my breath coming in shallow gasps.
"No, never, Safire.  Not like that.  I would never force you to marry someone you were so opposed to."  He sat down on the bed beside me and put his hand on my shoulder.  I shied away.  "I just want to see you settled, taken care of.  Like Dagmar."
"Not him," I said through clenched teeth.  "Never him.  I'd go to the convent first."
"You made that clear last night."  Father's tone was dry.  "I hoped .  .  .  well, never mind what I hoped.  If you hate him so, I won't let him see you anymore.  All right?"  I nodded as he squeezed my shoulders.  "Now, listen.  I'll not let you go to the convent either.  Sweet, how would you like to go to court?"
I swallowed.  "Court?  But I thought there wasn't enough money for me to go yet, not so soon after Dagmar."
"Shh, don't worry about that.  It's just a few new frocks, really.  I'll get Boltan to take you, so we won't have to hire a coach.  The court treasury pays the rest, and I'll give you an allowance for the small expenses.  Though if I find out you've spent it on drawing paper, I'll cut it off."
I smiled secretly to myself.  Father was so naive.  For months now I'd been selling my sketches and using the money to buy more supplies, and he still had no idea.  Some of the coin I had saved up made a nice little stash in the corner of my wardrobe--for what I didn't know.  Sometimes I ran the silvers and coppers between my fingers and counted them not because I was mercenary exactly but because they were mine, and I had earned them.  I had never been able to say that about anything before in my life except my sketches, and even they had been drawn on paper bought by others until now.
"In fact, if the Sullays pay what they promised for our winter stores, I might be able to send both you and Dagmar to court for the spring at least, if not the summer," Father said.
"Dagmar?"  I groaned inwardly, already foreseeing early curfews, lots of sisterly advice, and no fun.
"Dagmar's been to court before. She can watch out for you."
"Father, I'm eighteen now .  .  ."
"Barely eighteen."
"I can take care of myself."
"Would you rather stay home, marry Peregrine?"
"No."
"Well then."  He stood up, his hand sliding off my shoulder.  "It's settled.  You and Dagmar will go to court together."

If you enjoyed this excerpt from The Witch Awakening and would like to read more, here is a link to the Smashwords page:  https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/24984



List of Works
Books in the Landers Saga:
Fledgling Witch: A Novella
The Witch Awakening
Tapestry Lion
Phoenix Ashes  
The Curious Fear of High and Lonely Places

Books in the Phoenix Realm:
The Bird Children
Across the Summer Sea
The In-Between Place
How Winter Came to Eden 

Other Books:
The Dream Garden (sequel to the Landers Saga and the Phoenix Realm)
Persephone’s Tears: A Romance in the Seventh Dimension
A Nest of Thorns (publishing episodes via Kindle Vella)

You can visit my website at http://www.karennilsen.com to learn more about current projects. 

About the Author
As a child, Karen suffered frequent bouts of insomnia.  The only way she could settle into sleep many nights was to imagine stories that played out like movies on the dark ceiling over her bed.  Since her mean parents refused to replace the TV after the cat blew it up by peeing on the cord, all Karen had left to entertain herself in the lone wilds of the Minnesota wilderness were books and her own stories.  As Karen grew, the stories grew with her.  One day when she was fourteen, she told her mother one of these stories for probably the hundredth time.  Her mother, who knew Karen very well, turned to her and said, “You know, Karen, you keep talking about these stories, but you never write them down.  You keep saying you’re going to write a novel, but I don’t believe that you will.”  This comment infuriated Karen so much that she started writing her stories down and hasn’t stopped since. 

Acknowledgements
Even though my parents are no longer on this plane of existence, their love and example as self-employed artists inspires me to this day and always will.
Special thanks to the many friends and mentors who have encouraged me through the years with my writing, too numerous to name here.  Just know that without each and every one of you in my life, I never could have written this book. 

