Fleeing from the hell in Iran to the paradise in Sweden
Published by Akram Monfared Arya (Taraneh), Pilot, Author, Poet, and Artist
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2019 Akram Monfared Arya

ISBN: 978-91-981818-3-8

Cover Artwork: Akram Monfared Arya
Cover Design: Multitech Graphics Inc.
Translation from Swedish to English: Mina Boyne
Swedish Edition Copyright 2008 Akram Monfared Arya published in Sweden

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author.
Table of Contents
Acknowledgement
Part 1 - Pary’s Memoirs
Part 2 -Fleeing from the hell in Iran to the Paradise in Sweden
Dedication
About Akram Monfared Arya
Connect with Akram Monfared Arya
Acknowledgement
A heartfelt thanks to:
My son Ali Sadeghian 
My friend Jan Ryggard
for their help and support 
Part 1: Pary’s memoirs
1
The farmer closes all the barn doors to prevent any wolf from getting in. As destiny would have it, one of the doors is left open. Do you know why a wolf got in the barn and took the lamb? Only because one door was left open . . .
Shirin had fallen asleep before her mom had finished telling the last part of the story. Shirin is a three year old girl. A sweet, little girl with beautiful eyes, long and black eyelashes, and nice shape eyebrows.
Her white and round face, soft, rosy cheeks, beautiful, little mouth encircled by fine, red lips are irresistible. People like her as soon as they see her.
Pary could not stop crying when she looked at her innocent, little angel. The child was asleep and Pary could now lighten the burden with crying. It was ten o’clock at night. She had time to sit and think. All the doors were closed, alas, the wolf is going to come tomorrow and take the baby.
When Pary was only eighteen years old and was going through her last year of high school, she was a happy, high-spirited girl whose laughter could lift the thickest clouds and free the sun to shine again. Her parents were well-educated. Pary had the freedom to go out with her friends, and she was well-liked by all. She had a lot of suitors back then. She had a lot of plans for her future. However, no one ever knows what the future holds.
She was always the team captain for the school’s volleyball team. That was one of her biggest passion. She always watched all the volleyball matches. Many boys showed up in her life, but she was not interested in any of them.
Aunt Maryam wanted Pary to marry her son Hamid who had just graduated as an engineer. Pary’s mother, Marzieh, however, was against marrying into family since she believed that it could ruin family relationships. She also believed that the circle of family can be expanded when one marries someone from outside of one’s own family.
A neighbour of theirs, Sima, used to say “someone’s going to snatch your daughter before she starts university. She won’t remain single for long”.
In response, Pary’s mother used to say:
“No, that won’t be the case. Pary is going to finish her education and become a doctor. Since the day she was born, her father, Bagheri, has been saying that she is going to be a doctor, and he has been calling her ‘my doctor, my dear doctor’. For Pary to become a successful doctor before getting married is her father’s only dream. He, therefore, does not want to give Pary away to anyone until she’s done with her studies.
As you know, since she is our only child, it is our biggest dream that our daughter succeeds in life”.
2
One day, Pary had gone to see a volleyball game with one of her friends.
Watching the game, Pary gets a strange feeling that someone is staring at her. She turns her head to take a peek and quickly turns back, but she has already got butterflies in her stomach. She takes another look and this time her eyes meet those of the stranger. Pary tries to concentrate on the game.
The stranger, Masoud, is also one of the spectators in the stadium. Once the game is over and Pary is on her way out of the stadium, she cannot help but turn around and take one more glance at the stranger. It was her heart’s desire to see Masoud’s face one more time. She would have liked for the game to go on for a bit longer so, she could have had more chances to look at Masoud. But time always goes faster than one wants and life always follows its own path without regard for one’s wishes.
When she gets home, she sits by the flower bed in the front yard and looks at the flowers as if she is looking into Masoud’s eyes. She then tries to snap out of it and put him out of her mind. She tells herself that a quick glance at a guy should not preoccupy one so much and become such a distractor. After all, she has her studies to think of.
That night, Pary cannot get a wink of sleep for quite a long while. She cannot sleep at all. In bed, she keeps twisting and turning. In her thoughts, there is only that captivating image that had stolen her heart.
“Oh dear, I cannot sleep. It’s better to get up and study a bit. Maybe that would wear me out and make me stop thinking about him”.
She opens the book, flips through the pages and then randomly picks a page to read. No, it does not work. She is preoccupied with something completely different and cannot concentrate on studying. The whole ordeal drags on till dawn when she finally falls asleep.
A pair of big, black eyes with long eyelashes and thick eyebrows that stretch above the eyes like an umbrella follows her in her sleep.
With the sound of her mother, she wakes up: “Wake up baby girl! Otherwise you’re going to be late for school. You have slept too much; you don’t have much time to get ready”.
Pary wakes up feeling numb.
She thinks to herself “Could the dream not have gone on a bit longer? Why did it have to end so abruptly? What is wrong with me? Am I in love? No, no, that’s not possible. Love at the first sight?! I have to get rid of these stupid thoughts. I have to focus on my studies. This is the last year of high school; I don’t want to fall behind. I have to make sure that I fulfill Mom’s and Dad’s wishes and go to university and become a doctor. Love can wait”.
The days go by one after another. Life returns to being normal. Feelings of love slowly fade away and disappear from Pary’s every memory cell as if she was never taken by the storm of emotions at all.
3
Reihane, one of Pary’s classmates, was having a birthday party. Pary was invited. She had got permission from her mother to wear her sleeveless, round-neck, red top which was a bit sexy. She was also going to wear her short skirt with that top. She looked beautiful like a character out of “the thousand and one night” fairytale. Her fair complexion with her long, black hair down to her waist. Her medium-long height, and a body sculpted by the best sculptures. Fine curves, full chest, all in harmony with her sweet face. Green eyes, black eyebrows and a cute nose. All of that made every poor onlooker to get a heart palpation.
When Pary gets to Reihane’s house, everyone’s eyes automatically turn toward her with admiration and praise. Reihane goes forward and greets her. She takes Pary’s hand and takes her over to meet the other guests.
Pary politely shakes hands with other guests. Then she stops to chat a little bit with Reihane’s mother. At this point, Reihane approaches Pary and tells her: “Come Pary, I want to introduce you to my cousin Masoud.”
Pary looks over and immediately loses her breath. She is shocked. She feels getting red in the face as a result of that unexpected meeting. She tries to pull herself together and breathe normally.
Pary and Masoud shake hands. But her hand is ice-cold and glides in Masoud’s warm hand and then, suddenly, becomes warm.
With a charming smile, Masoud squeezes Pary’s hand gently; he seems delighted once he recognizes her. As for Pary, she has become frozen in time like a bronze statue. She cannot move a muscle. She is speechless. She does not know what to say. She is dumbfounded.
She suddenly feels dry in the mouth and unable to talk.
After a few tries and after a couple of seconds, she manages to compose herself and talk. They say a few words and chat a little bit. But soon after, they get into long conversations about different subjects that drag on till the party is over.
Masoud is in his last year of university majoring in chemistry. He is also a fan of volleyball. His love for music, dance, biology and reading books is also what he has in common with Pary. So as it turns out, they have a lot in common.
It seemed like there was no reason for Pary not to fall in love with Masoud.
On the way home, Pary is in another world. The feeling of love has given her a set of wings with which she can fly to wherever she wants. She enjoys feeling intoxicated by love. Her parents’ wishes and dreams for her had now become less of a priority. Masoud’s love has taken over Pary’s life. Who wants to be a doctor now?! Further education can wait.
Days go by and Pary’s mother starts to get worried about Parys change of behaviour. She therefore, talks to her husband about it and says:
“I don’t understand it at all. Our daughter has started to act strangely. She neither eats properly nor talks much. She is losing weight. I see her sitting in the corner of her room in deep thoughts until she falls asleep. She is not sleeping well at night either. I am thinking of taking her to the doctor”.
“No, let her be. Kids in teenage years are always like that. It is in their nature. Leave her be for a while”. The father says.
“Maybe she’s fallen in love with someone. Has someone come into her life that has turned her world upside down?” Wonders the mother.
“How many times have you been in love to know how it feels? Also, since when have you become a psychologist? Let her . . .
Pary enters the room and the parents’ discussion gets interrupted. They change the subject at once so as to hide their concern for Pary.
“How are you doing dear? Come little angel and eat a little bit. My little girl has lost some weight. You also look pale in the face. You’re out of energy. Is everything OK? Tell me dear, is anything bothering you? Are you not feeling well?”
“No Dad, I am fine. Don’t worry!”
Reihane drops by and the two friends talk for a little while.
“You know Pary, since a few months ago after my birthday party, Masoud has not been feeling well. His mom is worried and doesn’t know what to do. Masoud though claims that he is not ill, he is just in love. I finally got him to tell me with whom he is in love”.
Pary has now become extremely curious and is anxious to find out more. The blood keeps rushing in her veins as she awaits the response. Pary’s urge to know about Masoud’s centre of attention has turned her into a lion seeking water in the middle of a desert. While her heart races, her mind is filled with suspicion. She wonders whether Masoud is in love with someone else; and should that be the case, she believes her life would be ruined. The suspense is absolutely unbearable. It feels as if time has stopped.
Finally Reihane continues: “You poor girl, where are you? You seem to be in deep thoughts. You have fallen for my cousin Masoud, haven’t you?”
Pary does not hear her remarks. “What did you say?”
“Come on Pary, say it! Masoud is in love with you; and from what I see, you are in love with him too. So, why do you look so distressed? There is nothing to be sad about.”
Pary cannot hold back her tears any longer. Like a little waterfall, the tears roll down her cheeks one after another landing on her shirt.
“Why are you crying Pary? It’s nice to be in love. Why the sorrow?”
“Why? You know very well what would happen if my father finds out about this. He wants me to become a doctor. For me to go to university is his dream. Now that I’m no longer the way I was before. Now that I have fallen for someone. A parents’ only child has changed direction. All the dreams they had for their daughter are now shattered. For now, she wants to marry someone who is penniless. Someone whom we don’t know anything about. Who are his family? Is it enough for my family that he is Reihane’s cousin?!!
They are going to be livid and say that I have wrecked my future. Love has blinded me. But if they don’t give their blessings, I am old enough to take matters into my own hands”.
“Don’t worry! Your father is a wise man. He is going to understand. Who knows, maybe it would be OK with Masoud that you finish school first before you guys get married. Then you would have both your dream-prince and your medical-license.”
4
A few days later, Reihane arranges for a secret meeting between Pary and Masoud. Like two love-birds, they find each other in the Garden of Eden. Shaking with excitement and full of anticipation, they look at each other for a while. Pary’s hands feel cold. Her face is rosy red of joy. Masoud feels the same way. He does not know how to handle his first date with Pary. He cannot even utter a word. Now they are alone as Reihane has left them together.
At last, Masoud collects himself and initiates a conversation. He tells Pary how he felt after he saw her for the first time in the sport stadium and later on at the birthday party. How he right there and then had fallen for Pary. How he loves her shyness and bashfulness.
Hearing all of that, Pary feels speechless. She is a shy girl. She wants to tell Masoud about her feelings but cannot. However, the body language tells it all.
Once they decide on when to meet next, the love-birds part ways.
Days come and go. The two go on meeting regularly and more often. More and more people start whispering about their romance.
Pary’s father becomes aware of what has been transpiring behind his back through the grapevine. He rushes home all fired up. He is frantic and furious.
“What in the hell is going on now? The neighbours are talking about Pary being in love and her father stopping her from getting married to the love of her life. I am going to kill her. She is not welcomed in my house any longer. She can get lost”.
The mother gasps for air and breaks into tears. She hits herself in the head and in the chest with her fists and begs her husband to calm down.
“You are going to get a heart attack. Don’t do this. Stop!!! It is not the end of the world. Let’s talk to her about that. We are going to convince her to finish school first and then get married. Please stop. I can’t take this”.
“Absolutely not. I don’t run a brothel. How dare she meet someone without my permission and fall in love with whomever she feels like? To get married?! Over my dead body! I have had countless dreams for her. Now my dreams are gone. She is not going to get away with it. So many fine and upstanding suitors that she has had. And I said no to all of them so as to ensure that she gets to become a doctor. What are we supposed to say to family and friends now? How are we going to look them in the eye? I who advised everybody else to let their daughters finish school and let them be free in life the same way they deal with their sons. That there is no difference between sons and daughters. Now I must be the laughing-stock of the whole town . . .”
“For heaven’s sake, don’t get upset! Is it not the case that boys do the same thing?! Talk to Pary, maybe you can change her mind”.
“No, that’s not going to do anything. It is going to fall on deaf ears. Haven’t you heard what people are saying? I have heard that she definitely wants to get married. What does he have to offer her in life? Nothing. He is not even finished with his own studies. How are they going to get by? Who is his family? What does his father do?”
As for Pary, the only thing that matters is that she is in love with Masoud, Reihane’s cousin. Pary is about to ruin her life. But, she is too wrapped up in that romance that she cannot think straight.
A few hours of silence go by at Pary’s home. The mother in the living room and Pary in her room sit quietly and wait for the next strike.
The mother can no longer keep quiet so she begs her husband to go and talk reason into Pary. After some hemming and hawing, the father gets up to go to Pary’s room. On the way, he thinks what he should say in order to convince Pary.
At first, there is not a sound coming out of the room. But it does not take long before the mother hears how the father’s voice gets louder and louder. A few minutes later, the father comes back and now, he is even more agitated than he was before.
“Here you are, thanks for raising such a fine daughter. Do you know what she told me? She gave me an ultimatum that if we don’t go along with her decision to get married, she is old enough that she can go ahead and get married without our blessing. She is descent enough to ask us, for the sake of our reputation, to give her our permission. I must be old-fashion if I say yes. I don’t want to ruin her life”.
5
Marzieh listens to Bagheri while she cries and, at the same time, curses at her only dear daughter Pary.
In the middle of all of this, aunt Maryam shows up unexpectedly. It does not take long before she finds out about the whole ordeal. Having heard what has been going on, Maryam blames her own sister as if that is going to help the situation. But she is sarcastic and somewhat quarrelsome.
“I wanted Pary for my son. You said no. You said she is going to further her education. You also said that marrying into family was not a good idea. Well! What do you say now? Was that worth the scandal?! When one has a teenager at home, one should be more vigilant. The lamb is always in danger from wolves. After all, the temptations are great during teen-age years and puberty. It seems like that boy has completely brainwashed her. She is bewitched. A nobody, who does not have a pot to piss in, has stolen your daughter’s heart and has got into her head. Being in the last year of university; as if that would be merit enough to propose marriage to someone! How is he going to provide for her? Heaven only knows! As far as I know, his parents are not rich either. What was wrong with my son? He is already an engineer with a great job and a great salary. I am your sister; someone whom you know well. My husband is also a respectable man. So, what was wrong with us then? How is your only daughter going to have it now? You have to answer for how her life turns out to be for the rest of your lives”.
“Enough Sister! Don’t rub salt into the wound! Haven’t I got enough misery without you trying to make me feel worse?”
A few days later, Pary’s parents are contacted by Masoud’s family. They want to come over for a visit. Accompanied by his mom and sister, Masoud shows up asking Pary’s parents for Pary’s hand in marriage.
Pary’s parents are not happy about their visit. Better put, they are outright angry and baffled. Therefore, they set high conditions for the groom-to-be in the hopes that he would back off. But much to their surprise, Masoud and his family agree to all the conditions. He tells them that he is in love with Pary and nothing can make him change his mind. He wants to make Pary happy by any means possible.
On one hand, Pary is glad and, on the other, she is annoyed at her parents. She is glad because she thinks that as soon as her father realizes how happy the two of them are together, he is going to change his mind about Masoud. She thinks everything will go back to normal especially, since Masoud has accepted and promised to let Pary continue her education and become a doctor. What could be better? Which parents would not wish for something like that for their children?
During the entire discussion between the two families, Pary and Masoud keep glancing at each other and with no words spoken, they communicate with each other in a way that only they can understand.
It is proposed for the wedding ceremony to be held on the New Year’s Day, and despite Pary’s father’s attempts to push the date back to after the end of the school year, Masoud does not budge an inch from his initial proposal. The harder Pary’s father tries to persuade him, the more insistent Masoud becomes.
Masoud argues:
“After the wedding, it would become easier for Pary to focus on her school in peace and quiet. I can also start looking for a job and a place to live when we have a firm date to work with”.
6
It does not take long before it is the wedding day. The day that two people will become one. The wedding ceremony coincides with the New Year’s Day. Pary is dressed in a white wedding gown and looks beautiful like a white spring flower. There is a look of both happiness and sadness painted all over her face. She has butterflies in her stomach, but she also feels strange. She is somewhat regretful for having hurt her parents who had so many plans for her future. She feels a certain sense of remorse when she sees the sad and sorrowful expressions on her parents’ faces. Against that backdrop, her feeling of joyfulness is slightly dampened. She who is going to soon marry her dream prince ought to be elated with happiness and joy.
Masoud looks charming in his black suit with white shirt and black tie. His family is blissfully busy mingling with the guests, chatting and laughing. None of the guests seems to be cognizant of how the bride’s family feels.
Reihane, Masoud’s cousin and Pary’s best friend, keeps busy looking after the guests and making sure they are enjoying themselves. In reality though, there are not that very many guests there since only close family and friends had been invited.
The whole ceremony goes fine without major glitches except for Pary’s father’s obvious discontent. He sees himself as being defeated.
Right after the wedding ceremony, Masoud moves into Pary’s parents’ home. In other words, Pary’s family gets a new addition.
In the first few weeks, everything goes well. The newly-wed couple continue going to school and live peacefully. But that does not last long. Pary has changed and is not the same person. She has fallen behind in her studies. After all, since Masoud’s family come over to visit all the time, she has to stay home and take care of her guests, which in this case, are her mother-in-law and sister-in-law.
7
Every day, Masoud goes to school early in the mornings and comes home late in the evenings due to the fact that he is in his last year of his studies and he needs to study hard.
One day, Pary’s father comes home feeling exasperated and tells Masoud they need to talk:
“Masoud, before you got married, didn’t you promise to let Pary carry on with her schooling?”
“Of course, why? She is still going to school”.
“No, the way she is studying right now is not going to work. One day she goes to school and the next day, she has to stay home and look after this and that. She won’t be able to graduate and get her high school diploma the way she is going right now. There’s only one month left before the final exams and Pary has no time to study. She is home all the time, and I’m afraid she is not going to be able to attend the final examinations”.
“So what?! What difference does it make if Pary doesn’t graduate from high school? What do women have to do with education anyway? Who said they can work at all? Women should stay home and look after their children”.
“Weren’t you the same person who promised to let her further her education? Have you forgotten your promise man?”
“I said something then. I don’t need to promise anything or keep my promise to anyone. You know, you meddle too much in our private lives. I should take Pary to my mother’s house so that we can live there without anyone’s interference”.
Pary becomes extremely hurt and shocked over how badly Masoud treats her father. Moreover she is upset that Masoud, who had been so loving in the past, is now so impudent as to talk to her father like that especially so soon after the wedding.
At this point, Pary’s mother jumps in the middle and says:
“Why? Are you not happy living here with us? Your mom and sister are here every day and we have been nothing but hospitable toward them every time they come. You who do not have any income yet, how are you going to provide for yourself and Pary? How can you live on your own?”
Masoud turns around, looks at Pary and orders her:
“Pack your bags! We’re leaving. It’s time to move in with my mom. I can’t live like this. I can’t study when I’m constantly bothered by others. Here are people who think high and mighty of themselves, and who want to keep reminding us of their hospitality and generosity. I don’t wish to remain here any longer”.
Pary’s parents try to remain calm and reflect on the situation.
“Please Masoud, don’t be offended. We meant no disrespect. You’re like a son to us. We just asked if Pary could also have a chance to finish her schooling”.
“Let me tell you something. I don’t want Pary to study anything. I’m in school and that should be enough . . .”
Just as Masoud was busy arguing, there comes a knock at the door. It is Alieh, Masoud’s mother. As soon as she finds out what has been going on, she makes matters worse by getting involved and taking her son’s side:
“You are rude to my son. You boss him around all the time. Look what you have done to him. So much money was spent on the wedding that could have gone toward his schooling. He is broke now. He can’t further his education now. He can’t even rent an apartment. What do you think? That your daughter is better than my son? Come on Masoud. Get your wife and let’s go. We’re going to leave this place right this minute. I’ll look after you guys”.
While crying, Alieh continues:
“May your father’s soul rest in peace. If he was alive now, we would have been fine and no one could have treated us like they do . . .”
Pary’s mother cuts off Alieh and says:
“Dear Alieh, what are you talking about? We haven’t done anything wrong. We only asked that our only child, Pary, be given a chance to do her studies. Why are you making a mountain out of a molehill? They have their own space here and they don’t need to move. Have we . . .”
Alieh does not let her finish talking and says:
“What is Pary going to do with her high school diploma? What difference is that going to make? My own daughter who doesn’t have a high school diploma is not missing anything in life”.
At this point, Masoud, who is furious about the whole thing, jumps in and tells Pary’s parents:
“If you bother us one more time, I will divorce Pary. Then, she can stay here and live with you forever”.
Pary’s dad is absolutely miffed about Masoud’s defiance and his attitude toward them. He cannot believe his ears when Masoud mentioned the word divorce.
Pary’s mom, on the other hand, is stunned and trembles. She sits down as she feels like she is going to pass out. Pary tries hard to hold back her tears, but it shows in her face how livid she is. She feels a sharp pain in her heart as if she has been stuck with a knife.
To add insult to injury, Masoud’s mom laughs and says:
“Is this what you guys wanted? You know what; a bride should live at her husband’s place and not the other way around for a groom to live at his in-laws. Pary, go now and pack your stuff. Masoud call a cab and let’s go home. I’m going to fix the living-room for you guys”.
No matter how hard Pary’s parents try to plea with Masoud and his mom, they cannot get them to change their minds. Poor Pary has no say in the matter. She just listens as Masoud shouts at her:
“Parry, for Pete’s sake go get your damn stuff. Are you deaf; can’t you hear what my mom said? We don’t need any charity. I don’t need some junk and a pile of shit as dowry. We’ll be better off at my mom’s”.
8
Life at her mother-in-law’s place is a trying experience for Pary. She no longer goes to school. Her new life has impacted her health; she looks pale in the face and has lost weight. She, constantly, has tears in her eyes and is ready to drop from exhaustion. After so many loving words, after so much love and affection, life for her has become a hell filled with sorrow.
Masoud has been coming home late every night. He has finished his studies and has been looking for a job ever since. Pary’s only occupation is to look after the housework. A busy household with so many coming and going. At the mother-in-laws’ place, there are always family and friends to take care of. Alieh, who had claimed that they would be better off living with her, has now turned into a hag who keeps giving orders. For her, Pary seems to be just a servant. Alieh has often mentioned that it is now time for her to relax, and let Pary take care of everything instead.
Very rarely do Pary’s parents come to visit since they cannot help but feel heartbroken after every visit. Pary is no longer the same happy girl she once was, full of life and laughter. She has got calloused hands thanks to the never-ending chores at home. She has to serve her mother-in-law nonstop and round the clock. But Pary never tells her parents how badly Masoud and his mom behave toward her. Pary keeps all of that to herself, and that is taking a toll on her. For instance, she never mentioned to her parents how Masoud beat her up one night just because she had asked him why he was home so late.
The change in Masoud’s behaviour is like night and day. Gone are the feelings of love and romance. It does not seem that he even likes Pary anymore. He comes home late every night and has no interest in talking. More troubling is that Masoud has started drinking. Many nights when he comes home, he is drunk. He has got into the habit of going out a lot more often with his friends.
Pary wakes up one morning feeling dizzy and sick. She thinks that it might have been something she ate for dinner the night before, or perhaps it is due to exhaustion since she could not get a wink of sleep that night. Masoud’s mother sees how Pary is, and asks her how she is doing and why she looks pale.
“Are you sick Pary?”
“I don’t know. I feel dizzy and nauseous”.
“Maybe you’re pregnant!”
“How would I know?!”
9
That night when Masoud comes home, his mom tells him how Pary was feeling all day. She wants him to take Pary to a doctor since she thinks Pary might be pregnant.
Masoud loses it when he hears that Pary could be pregnant. He turns to Pary and says:
“What the hell have you done now? That’s all we needed! Was this the time to have a baby you slut? I already have a hard time providing for just ourselves and now having another mouth to feed in this damn family. As if it wasn’t bad enough to have a whore for a wife, now I’m saddled with feeding a bastard as well”.
“Masoud what are you talking about? Whose kid this is? I’m not carrying someone else’s child.”
“Shut up, you whore! Don’t you be mouthing off to me!”
“Masoud, my son calm down. Stop fighting with her now. She doesn’t feel well.”
“I don’t give a shit how she feels. For all I care, she can get the hell out and go live with her damn family. What am I to do with a damn baby?”
“My son, don’t get too upset. God will help us!”
“What in the world are you babbling on about mother? It is me who has to toil from early in the morning to late at night to hardly make ends meet. We are already struggling as it is. Now there’s going to be another shit added to the pile as if we didn’t have enough problems already. You know what Pary, you must get an abortion!”
“God have mercy on us Masoud! You, who were so caring in the beginning and talked fondly of having a baby, now want to do away with the baby by forcing me into an abortion”.
“The hell with you, your love, and your baby. What love?! You used every trick in the book to lure me into this marriage. You brainwashed me. I was stupid not to realize it, and I fell for it. What kind of an idiot I must have been to let you into my life. I was not ready to settle down. All my friends are having the time of their lives, and I’m stuck taking care of a wife and now a child too. Tomorrow, we’ll go see a doctor; and, if you’re knocked up, you will have an abortion”.
“No my son, that would be a sin. God will not forgive us. We’re going to somehow get through this”.
Pary puts her hand on her stomach and presses it slightly while telling herself that she will protect her baby at all costs. She would have to be dead for Masoud to be able to do any harm to the baby.
10
Early in the morning, Pary accompanied by Masoud and his mother go to a medical clinic. After waiting a few hours, they are called in. Masoud’s mother does not go in with them; rather, she remains seated in the waiting room.
It does not take long before they come out of the doctor’s office. According to Pary, she is indeed pregnant.
Then, Pary calls her parents and tells them the news. When her parents hear the news, they do not know whether to be happy or sad.
Pary has not told her parents what had transpired. She feels embarrassed about the whole ordeal. She neither dares nor is willing to talk about her misery with anyone, let alone, with her parents. Pary knows that her parents are already worried about her as it is so she does not want to add to their misery. Not to mention the fact that she believes she has betrayed them and let them down in every way. Parents, who had such high dreams for their only daughter, have to now watch how all those dreams go up in flames.
She does not want them to know how Masoud beats her up at all times of the day over anything and everything. Those occasions when he comes home all depressed, crawling in bed without saying anything or eating anything. How miserable she has become thanks to Masoud. The fact that, once, she found a love letter in Masoud’s jacket pocket. The fact that he often comes home drunk. The fact that he is mean to her and all charming to other women. The fact that he murmurs other women’s name while sleeping. All that bothers Pary deep down inside, and is taxing her health.
Since the day Pary moved into her mother-in-law’s place, she has been run ragged. For her, watching sport or even a soap-opera on TV has become a dream since she has no free time at all. Masoud and his mother nag at her constantly.
“What the hell are you doing? Don’t you have anything better to do? What are you wasting your time with? You should stop dabbling in things that are not women’s business and that would keep women from getting more important chores done”.
11
A few days later, the house is filled with guests. As a matter of tradition, Masoud’s mother has invited people over to let them know that she is going to be a grandmother. Poor Pary must now, in her condition, help out and see to it that the guests are having a good time.
Right in the middle of all that festivity, Pary starts feeling lightheaded and, all of a sudden, she faints. Everybody gathers around her. Her mother-in-law rushes over, helps her get up and tells her:
“Go lie down and rest a bit! I will tell Saideh to bring you a glass of warm milk”.
Saideh, Masoud’s sister, goes to Pary a bit later and tells her crossly:
“Cut it out now! What’s the matter with you? You’re a damn good actor. Pregnancy is not a hard thing. You’re great at taking advantage of the situation. To get away from working, you put on a good show. Now my poor mom has to attend to the guests alone. Stop pretending to be sick and start pitching in instead! My mom is left single-handed now”.
Pary, who was up to her eyes in problems, bursts into tears. With trembling voice and quite fretfully, she screams:
“What in the world do you want from me? I became your bride, your daughter-in-law, your sister-in-law, and nothing more. I haven’t committed any crime in order to be treated like trash. I am expecting a child. It must be the pregnancy that’s making me feel the way I do. I got dizzy. How much more do I have to work like a dog here in this house? Am I your domestic servant? Who invited so many guests? Wasn’t it your mom who invited all these people over as a means of showing her gratitude to God to have blessed her with a grandchild? I haven’t invited a soul here. I used to have it so well at my parents. I wish someone had stopped me from ruining my life. If only someone had said: what do you mean, love and coexistence? If only someone had stopped me from marrying a good-for-nothing of a man who knows nothing about having a wife and children. A man who can’t even support himself. A man who is forever a mamma’s boy! I am dead tired of . . .”
As Pary is about to finish her sentence, Saideh slaps her hard on the face all the while shouting at her:
“Shut up now, you spoiled brat. How dare you speak ill of my mother. If you weren’t so keen on meeting with Masoud all the time, my poor brother would have not become duped by you. It is you who has ruined his life. He is a kind and trusting person. He had no idea that there are so many sluts in this world. You have destroyed the best years of his life. As a young person, what did he have to do with wife and kids?! Although it’s not too late yet. Wait till he gets home, he’s going to take care of everything. Get up now and don’t look for any sympathy. You’re not the only one in the world who’s having a baby. We all have family and kids. Go and help out instead; my mom is by herself”.
Feeling sicker, Pary gets up and goes to the kitchen. She is now mortified about what Saideh is going to tell Masoud. She wonders what kind of lies Saideh is going to come up with to further provoke Masoud. It would be a blood-bath if Saideh tells Masoud everything Pary had said.
After the party and when all the guests were gone, everything was cleared. When, finally, Pary was done with all the chores, she heads to her room to get some rest.
Normally when Masoud comes home, he has a habit of going to his mom first and, sometimes, eating his dinner while having a long talk with her. He always tells his mom everything. After he has finished visiting his mom, then, he goes to Pary.
While Masoud is chatting with his mom, Pary is not allowed to disturb them so that the mother and son can talk and gossip freely and without any interruptions.
With Pary, Masoud uses the excuse that since his mother is a widower and alone, it is necessary for him to spend some time with her and keep her company. As for Pary, it should suffice that she has a husband who is there at nights and therefore, a few hours he spends with his mom should not matter.
As a part of their routine then, Pary sits alone in her room and eats her dinner while Masoud eats dinner with his mom.
That evening though, Pary is extremely nervous. She feels even sicker in her stomach than she did before. Restlessly, she paces back and forth in her room. All of a sudden, she hears Masoud’s voice from the other room. Masoud yells and screams like an angry bear as he calls for Pary. Before she knows it, Masoud walks in the room, grabs a hold of her arm tightly and starts cursing at her loudly.
“You bitch, damn your entire family. Now you have the guts to be disrespectful to my mom and my sister. You stupid shit, have you forgotten how your f…ing father threw us out of his home?”
Masoud smacks Pary so hard that she spins, hits her head on the wall, and falls on the floor. She has got blood on her forehead, but Masoud is not quite finished with her yet so, he keeps kicking her repeatedly as she lies on the floor. He is so mad that he reaches down for her throat and threatens to strangle her.
“No one in this world can treat my mother like that. Who the hell do you think you are to do that? You slut, I want you to get the hell out of my house. Go back to your parents. I’m going to file for divorce tomorrow”.
Masoud’s mother, who so far just stood there watching Pary getting beaten up, comes closer. With a soft voice and sympathetic attitude, she tells Masoud:
“My dearest, don’t get yourself this upset now. She did not know what she was doing. Surely, she is sorry for that. You shouldn’t let that bother you. Come on my son, I’m worried about you. If you let things get to you all the time, you’re going to have a heart attack. What would I do then my dear? Ignore her childishness”.
Pary pulls herself together, looks around and grabs a rag to put on her forehead. But bleeding continues as it runs down her face.
Masoud’s mother approaches her and tells her in a harsh tone:
“Do you want the fetus to die? Get up. You’re pregnant; you shouldn’t be sitting on the floor like that. Go wash your face”.
Pary’s face is swollen. She has a black eye and is bleeding from an open cut on her forehead; so, Masoud has no choice but to take her to the local medical clinic. Once there, the personnel are curious to find out how those cuts and bruises had come about. The nurse attending to the wound asks her what happened. Masoud tries to come up with excuses that since his wife is pregnant, she got a dizzy-spell and fell down the stairs. The nurse looks at Masoud inquisitively since the expression on Pary’s face is very telling even though she dares not open her mouth. By the same token, she cannot say anything to her parents either.
12
The following day, Pary’s mom comes for a visit. She is shocked and heartbroken over seeing her daughter’s pale face, her bandaged forehead, and her black eye. She naturally wants to know what has been going on, but she can tell from Pary’s facial expression that she does not want to talk about that. Pary’s mom realizes how sensitive the situation must be and how melancholic the atmosphere is. Sensing Pary’s mom suspicions, Masoud’s mom comes out and says:
“Yesterday evening after dinner, Pary became dizzy and fell down the stairs. My poor son, after having worked long hours during day, took Pary to the emergency right away. Thank goodness that everything turned out fine, and there were no injuries to the baby either. I believe Pary is being jinxed by people, which explains her bad luck. To combat the evil eye, we should break a few eggs and pray for her to be kept immune from envy!”
Pary’s mom just listens to her babbling on, all the while, being miffed at her lies. She, however, refrains from making any comments at all.
She tries hard to pretend to be in agreement with Masoud’s mom, and worse, to be thankful for her sympathy toward her daughter. She, then, leaves Pary with teary eyes and a broken heart. She cannot help but worry about her daughter. She fears that something awful might happen to her daughter.
13
Bagheri had promised Masoud that one day he will spend some time with him so that they could, man-to-man, hash things out. Masoud, who is full of himself, decides to take Bagheri up on his offer.
When they meet, Masoud acts superior and condescending toward Bagheri. They talk a lot about this and that. Bagheri is eager to talk about the real issue that is on his mind but does not know how to move the discussion in that direction. Finally, he musters all his courage and says:
“Dear Masoud, What is it you want in life? What you’re doing now isn’t right. It can’t be called a marriage. Despite the fact that I didn’t get married for love, I take very good care of my wife. You, on the other hand, were madly in love with Pary and swore you were going to take care of her forever. She is pregnant. The way you hit her, she’s going to have a miscarriage or the baby is going to be harmed. What you two have together can’t be called a married life. That’s rather a life that is irritating for you so, you take it out on her. Do you have any fun in your life?”
Masoud, who was not moved by Bagheri’s fatherly advice, responded brusquely and defiantly:
“I have fun somewhere else. Your daughter got me trapped and lured me into this marriage. She manipulated me; otherwise, I would have never got married. It was too soon for me. She wanted to get married to me and I walked right into her trap. Even now, it is her fault that she’s pregnant. It’s not my fault and I’m not going to wreck my life just because she wanted to have a baby. She . . .”
“What are you saying Masoud? She hasn’t got pregnant by someone else. It’s also not like she could have a baby by herself; it is, of course, just as much your fault as it is hers. If you didn’t want children, you should have taken precautionary measures to prevent it. There are contraceptives like birth-control pills, condoms, and other things out there that you could have used. You . . .”
“It’s ridiculous that I get to be blamed for your daughter’s fault. You are shameless. You know what, your daughter is nothing more than an extra mouth to feed in our house. She is useless, and she is more of a burden to my family than anything else. If you’re worried about her, I can leave her and her baby with you so you can look after them”.
Masoud gets up quickly after saying his piece and leaves.
More worried than ever, Bagheri goes home to his wife, Marzieh, and tells her that there is no use trying to talk sense into Masoud. As far as he is concerned, Masoud is just an idiot. He goes on to say:
“We’ve lost our daughter. We’ve lost our reputation. And worse, we’ve got ourselves an unwanted grandchild on top of all of that. I wish I could die now and be freed from this hell”.
Marzieh comforts him and says:
“What are you saying? Wishing to die is not going to fix anything. We have to do something”.
“What are we to do? He has threatened to send Pary back to us”.
“It doesn’t matter. She is our daughter and she’s always welcome here. This is our fault to begin with. We have to take care of our daughter and our grandchild. That would be a much better and more decent thing to do than to let that monster Masoud lay hands on Pary, control her life, and run her ragged with all the chores there”.
14
Masoud headed home after his meeting with the father-in-law. Once home, his mom, Alieh, approaches him and asks him how it went and what was said.
“Oh, nothing! Everybody in that family is stupid. You can’t talk to the senile, old man at all. I tell him that he can have his damn daughter back, and he says OK, she is welcome back”.
Alieh gets angry and cuts Masoud off:
“What? Do they think that their daughter is something special?”
Pary can hear the conversation between Masoud and his mom from her room. She feels really sorry for herself and her unborn baby. How did a flaming romance turn her life into ashes? Pary blames everything on her in-laws. It is them who are the instigators and who have influence over Masoud. It is them who badmouth her family and brainwash him.
They expect Pary’s father to buy a house for them and pay for all the expenses. Why? Because Pary is their only child. In other words, Masoud wants his in-laws to take care of him. He is shameless. He married Pary for money, not love. He believes that since he has married their daughter, they have to make all sorts of sacrifices for him. If they are concerned with their daughter’s wellbeing, they should see to it that he is content in every way. So, these are the types of rubbish that his family has been feeding him which have made him the way he is. It is their fault that the relationship between Masoud and Pary has deteriorated. They have turned two lovers into two adversaries. They have made their lives a living hell.
Pary was so deep in her thoughts that she got startled by Masoud’s deafening screams.
“Pary, pack your damn suitcase and go back home to your parents! A rotten apple belongs back with her parents“.
Disheartened, Pary starts to pack. Moments later, Masoud comes in the room:
“Masoud, why did you marry me when you now want to send me back home to my family?!”
“Shut the hell up! Hurry up!”
15
The doorbell rings at Bagheri’s. Marzieh comes to the door and opens the door. Pary and Masoud come in with a big luggage in tow. Masoud stands by the door and says:
“Here’s your no-good daughter! The wife that has the nerve to defy my mom and be insolent belongs to her dad. She’s going to stay here until she goes grey in the hair. I’m not going to divorce her before she’s dead”.
Masoud walks out and slams the door behind him. In tears, Pary goes to her old room and locks herself in there. Marzieh starts walking toward Pary’s room to console her when Bagheri tells her:
“Let her be! She’ll calm down eventually. Let the poor kid be by herself for a while. She needs to gather her thoughts and have a good cry. What you can do is to cook a nice meal for her so that she can gain her energy back. The way she’s lost weight, she’s going to need vitamin supplements. It’s true that it’s always the good and innocent who are preyed upon. People who don’t appreciate a good thing and toss it aside”.
Marzieh replies:
“I hope Masoud pays for what he’s done. You remember how crazy he was about Pary in the beginning. If his mother had stayed out of their lives, this would not have happened”.
“No dear, the whole family is rude and nasty. Masoud is a rotten person. Who knows how his father was. I’m sure Masoud must have taken after his father”.
“No matter what kind of people they are, they have ruined my only child’s life despite our efforts to give her a good life. And as if that was not bad enough, they’re not going to stop until she’s dead. I hope they all pay for their actions. God will not forgive Masoud for what he’s done to my daughter. A girl who was so content in life and loved to study. How he showed up out of nowhere like a predator and lured her out of her safe haven. Then he savagely laid into her for his mother’s sake”.
“No way, there’s no so-called mother’s sake, that’s just bullshit. Masoud is an idiot who has not grown up and has no clue about married life. How old is he, really?!”
“What’s age got to do with common sense? One is either mature and has common sense or is not regardless of how old or young one is. Masoud’s problem is that he was obviously not brought up well. To this day, his mother treats him and his sibling like little children. It’s hard to see that she even talks to him in a childish manner”.
16
Aunt Maryam comes to visit her sister. When she sees Pary there, she becomes happy and says:
“My dear Pary, how are you doing? It has been a while since I last saw you. God bless you my sunshine. I have missed you a lot. How is life my dear? I’ve heard that, god willing; you’re going to give birth soon. You’re so small that it’s hard to notice that you’re pregnant. Tell me dear, how’s life treating you, and how is your husband?”
Pary sits quietly and looks at her aunt who is unaware of her situation. What is she supposed to say? That her husband kicked her out. That without being divorced, she is like a divorcee. That after all of that, she is again living with her parents and being a burden to them.
While Pary is struggling how to respond, her mom jumps in and says:
“Pary is staying with us for a little while until her due date. Given that Masoud is busy with work, he has no time to look after Pary. His mother is also unable to care for a pregnant daughter-in-law due to her age. That’s why we thought it’s better if Pary was here with us”.
Maryam looks doubtingly at Pary. She does not quite buy the story. Pary’s depressed look and the conspicuous scar on her forehead tell a different story. Misery is written all over Pary’s face. With that in mind, Maryam cannot help but say what is on her mind:
“Well Sister, should Pary be here because they rather had a fight, we can talk to them and get them to reconcile. It is . . .”
“No, no, that’s not at all what is going on. Who said anything about fighting and falling out? They have only . . .”
“Come on sister, there is no need to be embarrassed by something like that. They’re young and inexperienced. It’s always like that early into marriage and living together. These things happen. Tell me my dear Pary, what is troubling you? If there’s something, let me know, so I can help. I do anything for you to be happy”.
“Nothing aunt, there’s really nothing. We had no fight and we did not break up. As my mom said, I’m only here till the baby is born. Then I’m going to go home. You know that my mom can’t leave my dad alone at home in order to come over and look after me”.
“Ah! What are aunts for then? I’m not dead yet. I can come over and take care of you my dear. I always wanted you to be my daughter-in-law. Even though that was not meant to be, I wish nothing but happiness for you. Once the baby’s born, I will be glad to come over and help you if that’s OK with you. I hope you don’t see me as a stranger who talks to you. I . . .”
Bagheri walks into the room and the conversation gets interrupted. So, Bagheri saves the day before aunt Maryam gets to pry more into the subject. However, that does not end there.
17
A few days later, the nosy aunt Maryam comes for another visit. This time with more questions:
“By the way Mr. Bagheri, did you check Masoud out before you gave your daughter to him?”
“No, we didn’t see the need since he was the cousin of Pary’s best friend, Reihane”.
“What do you mean? That was good enough for you? Do you know who Masoud’s father was and how he died?”
“No, he must have fallen ill and died. Why? What difference does it make?”
“How naïve could you have been. I had more faith in you, but it seems that you’re easily fooled. Who gives away his or her only dear daughter to a total stranger without checking him and his family out a little?!!!”
“What are you getting at? What’s all this about? What has the death of Masoud’s father got to do with anything?”
“Well, a lot! He did not die of natural causes. You see, Masoud’s father had two wives. He married his second wife after having a daughter, who is Masoud’s older sister Saideh, with his first wife Alieh. After marrying his second wife, Masoud’s father leaves Alieh for good without ever divorcing her. He breaks all contacts with his first family; however, he does keep up with alimony and child support payments to Masoud’s mom. Masoud’s father goes on to have two kids, a son and a daughter, from his second marriage.
One day when Masoud’s father was on the road with his second wife, they end up going off the road, over a cliff, and die in that accident”.
“How in the world do you know about all of that?”
“Well as it turns out, the son from that second marriage is my son’s colleague. He is older than Masoud and is married with two kids. From what he has told my son, Masoud’s mom is a demanding and bitter person. She is nothing but a trouble-maker, and that’s why her husband left her for a second wife that is, his mom.
The father had always paid regular alimony to Alieh, as well as child support for Saideh. One evening, he is contacted by Alieh who claims to be severely ill. She wants him to come over and look after Saideh while she goes to the hospital. He goes over and gets persuaded to stay the night until she feels better. The father feels sorry for her and despite his better judgment, he stays there over night. Well, one thing leads to another and they end up sleeping together. Not too long thereafter, Alieh informs her estranged husband that she is pregnant.
So, Masoud is the child that was conceived that night. The father feels so outraged that he tells Alieh that next time, he would not give a damn even if she was on her deathbed. On the other hand, the second wife gets extremely upset with her husband for having slept with his first wife. A mishap that ruins their relationship and impacts their lives for good. From that point on, the second wife was forever suspicious of her husband, which led to a lot of fights between them. She never got over that, not until the day they died in that car accident. So, that is the reason that Masoud never met his father. According to the step-brother, Masoud was an unruly or better put, a rotten child from the beginning. He always got into fights at school and that’s why he sat in the juvenile prison a few times. The step-brother believes that there’s something seriously wrong with Masoud’s head”.
Pary’s mother cannot believe what she is hearing and asks her sister:
“If you knew all of that Sis, why didn’t you say something before we accepted the marriage proposal?”
“I don’t remember anyone asking me for my opinion! Did you ever ask me something and I didn’t answer?! I was supposed to keep out of it, don’t you remember?! Before I could say anything, you went behind my back and gave Pary away to Masoud. More importantly, I got the information from my son Hamid. By the time he told me all of that, you had already let Pary get married to Masoud. It was only after Hamid had told his colleague about his cousin getting married to a guy named Masoud that he found out Masoud was his colleague’s half-brother. What seems to be the problem anyway? According to you, Pary’s happy in her life with Masoud, isn’t she? If there’s something I’m missing here, let me know, I’m all ears. I just hope you haven’t ruined Pary’s life especially now with a baby on the way. Have they got separated? You tell me Pary, my dear, have you got separated?! Don’t you worry. That’s not the end of the world. You know that . . .”
Marzieh can no longer let her sister go on speaking to them in that sarcastic tone of voice; so, she cuts her off and says:
“What in the world are you babbling on about?! Like we said, Pary’s only here till the delivery and then she’s going back home to her husband. Masoud comes regularly to visit her. How inquisitive you are Sis!”
“What is it I said now Marzieh? The only thing that I have always wished for from the bottom of my heart has been Pary’s happiness. She is like a daughter to me. It was you who kept me in the dark and did everything in secret so as not to give Pary to my son. I’m just happy that my son found someone with whom he has been living a wonderful life. I guess that was what was meant to be”.
18
Two days later, aunt Maryam shows up at her sister’s again, but this time she looks depressed. She tells her sister:
“How can you call yourself a real mother?! You have completely destroyed Pary’s future. You’ve brought her to your place and hid her away. And it’s amazing that you want to keep that a secret. Don’t you think I know that Masoud is having an affair with another woman? That he even wants to divorce Pary and marry that other woman?”
For Pary and her mom, the news comes as a shock. It feels like the world has come crashing down on them; and they are trapped in the twilight zone. Surprised and confused, Pary and her mom freeze for a moment. In disbelief, Pary’s mom finally looks at her sister and says:
“What do you mean that there is another woman in the picture? No, this can’t go on any longer. I can’t handle keeping it all bottled up inside. So let me tell you sister, it’s worse than you think”.
At that point, Marzieh breaks her silence and, tearfully, tells her sister the whole story. Afterward, she asks her sister to tell her how she found out about Masoud’s affair and who the other woman was in Masoud’s life.
“Well, it seems that Masoud met this girl at university. They seem to have fallen in love back then and wanted to get married. But the girl’s parents were against that marriage and didn’t let them go through with it. So to get back at the girl’s parents, the horrible, lowlife son-in-law of yours decided to marry Pary. However, with the resurgence of the girl in Masoud’s life later on, they started meeting regularly. Now they are a pair. She has told Masoud to file for divorce. The minute Masoud is divorced; she’s planning to go ahead and marry him even without her father’s consent. That’s why all of a sudden Masoud wants to get divorced”.
Marzieh is devastated. She is lost and she asks her sister:
“Maryam what are we going to do? Pary’s pregnant with his child. What’s Masoud’s plan for the baby? God damn him for having turned our lives upside down. I curse him and his family for all that they’ve done to us. My daughter’s life has been wrecked forever”.
“Sis, listen to me, your daughter ruined her life herself. It’s nobody else’s fault. Remember how madly in love she was with Masoud? How stubbornly as a mule she was determined to get married to Masoud? Anyway, from what I have heard, Masoud intends to wait till the baby’s born, then divorce Pary and take the kid”.
“That’s what was missing in our lives as if we didn’t have enough! I don’t understand Maryam; who’s been telling you all this? You seem to be sure of what you’re telling me. Is it someone who’s just spreading gossip to try to hurt us?”
“You think somebody’s trying to settle a score with you? Are you being sarcastic and taking a jab at me? Well my dear sister, you’re family; you’re my own flesh and blood. I’m not your enemy. Why would I do this to you and Pary? I’m only telling you what my son had heard from his colleague. And as you may remember, Hamid’s colleague is Masoud’s half-brother”.
“So, don’t you think that he might be biased against his half-brother, and all he wants is to badmouth him?”
“Maryam now you’re being silly. That’s really absurd. To knock down someone who’s telling the truth”.
Pary, who had been all along sitting quietly and listening to the back and forth jabbering of her mom and aunt, looks at her mom and says:
“Mom, I believe that what aunt Maryam is saying has a ring of truth to it. Masoud used to come home late at nights and often, he was drunk. I had heard him uttering another woman’s name in his sleep. Also, I remember once, finding a love-letter in Masoud’s pants’ pocket from a girl called Nahid. And of course, I got quite a beating from him for having gone through his pockets. Ironically enough, I had searched his pockets not out of curiosity but rather to ensure they were empty before they were left at the drycleaner. Coming to think of it, I had also heard him many times telling me how I was keeping him from fulfilling his dream”.
Marzieh gets up while crying and cursing at Masoud and his entire family. The aroma from the kitchen reminds her of the dinner left cooking on the stove. She heads to the kitchen to check on the food.
Aunt Maryam seizes the opportunity and asks Pary if she has got separated or divorced yet. Pary talks about things that her mother left out of the story. When Marzieh comes back to the room, Maryam tells her:
“Sis, you guys don’t have a way out. You have to wait until the baby is born. Then, you have to somehow convince Masoud to let the baby stay with you here. In the interim, you should try to expedite the divorce process so that Pary doesn’t end up like Masoud’s mother that is, a woman who’s like a widow while the husband still lives. What can I say; no one can fight the destiny. But at least, Pary’s still young and has a chance to remarry. Do your best so that the baby doesn’t end up growing up with a father like Masoud and a grandmother like Masoud’s mother. It is best that the baby ends up here with you”.
19
At long last, the day comes that the baby is due and everybody is at the hospital. Pary’s father paces back and forth in the hospital corridor anxiously while talking to himself.
“That bastard Masoud doesn’t know anything about responsibility and fatherhood. He doesn’t care that his wife is about to give birth to their child or else he would have been here. Instead, he’s home taking care of his mother. Somebody should ask him what about your wife who is in the hospital? Well, I guess the apple doesn’t fall far from the tree. Masoud never saw his own father and now, his baby’s going to be deprived of having a father too. That mother of his too, she is evil who does her best to hurt Pary”.
Marzieh comes over to her husband and breaks his train of thoughts:
“Ah! You shouldn’t do this to yourself now. God is going to help us. Pary is not alone; she has us. Stop talking so loud to yourself. People are nosy and I don’t want them to know about our business”.
“The hell with people! I’m tired of this hush-hush on the account of people finding out what’s going on with us. I don’t live for people. We’re suffering quietly while people think we’ve got a great life. They have no clue how miserable our life is. Do you understand what I’m saying? I don’t care what people know or don’t know. It doesn’t matter anymore. I’m the one suffering. Over time, people forget about someone else’s problems and go on living their lives. I am . . .”
The nurse comes out and informs them that Pary’s husband can now go in to see her.
Worried that something might have happened, Marzieh asks the nurse why just Pary’s husband and not her parents who can go see her?
The nurse explains to them that Pary needs to have a C-section and for them to proceed with the operation, the husband’s consent is needed.
Pary’s father, Bagheri, hits the roof and says:
“That bastard has left his wife for two months now without even paying alimony. It’s my daughter’s life that’s at stake so, why does he have to authorize the operation?”
“Because this is also your son-in-law’s child and he gets to have a say in the matter. If something goes wrong with the delivery, who would be responsible then?”
“If only he was worried about his wife or his child. If he wanted to have a child, he would have not thrown his wife out of the house”.
Aunt Maryam interjects and asks the nurse how much time they have so, she can go and fetch Masoud. But Bagheri is against the idea and disagrees. He explains that he had already contacted Masoud about Pary being in the hospital and was told that Masoud wants nothing to do with Pary or the child. More troubling, Masoud had told him that he hoped both mother and child die during the delivery.
Aunt Maryam responds:
“It doesn’t matter. I will still go over and get him to come. I’ll do my best to somehow convince him to change his mind and come to the hospital. I’ll think of something to say to him on my way to his place”.
After an hour which seemed like years for Pary’s family, aunt Maryam shows up accompanied by Masoud and his mother Alieh.
Nobody says a word to each other not even a hello. Both families are quiet, and the atmosphere is heavy and somber. Masoud goes over to the counter and informs the personnel that he is Pary’s husband. He asks for the form he needs to sign.
It is hard to read Masoud, or to know what is going on in his mind. Is he angry, indifferent, or? No one can tell. On the other hand, Alieh looks sad and worried. She seems to be praying under her breath for the safety of the child and an uncomplicated delivery.
Pary’s mother, who sees how concerned Alieh is for the unborn child, cannot hold her tongue and says:
“Each and everyone are only thinking of himself or herself. One is praying for the baby for the sake of becoming a grandmother. Another one is eager for the whole thing to be wrapped up fast so he can be done with it. That’s pathetic. Someone should ask that if the baby was so important and desired, why the baby’s mother was handled so badly. When she was used as a punch bag getting punched and kicked in her head and stomach, was there no one then who cared for the baby and prayed for him or her then. You have the gull to pray for the well-being of the baby now? My daughter’s life is in danger, do you even care? We have just as much right to the baby. The baby’s our grandchild too. Moreover, Pary is my daughter. She’s the one who’s been carrying the baby for nine months and endured all sorts of aches and pains”.
Masoud has had enough so, he approaches Marzieh and in a crude and harsh tone says:
“Shut your mouth! Don’t you dare talk to my mom like that. She hasn’t done anything wrong. She’s just praying for the baby, what freaking difference does that make? Don’t tempt me to take the baby away from Pary. Then, your damn daughter would have to live the rest of her life crying over her baby”.
As things get heated up between those two, Bagheri, aunt Maryam, and Alieh get in between Masoud and Pary’s mom and tell them that that was enough. You can see that tension is running high, and everybody is tired one way or another.
Pary is in pain and is having contractions, but not enough to deliver the baby naturally. The doctor examines her and says:
“I don’t hear the baby’s heartbeat. The mother is too weak to give birth naturally. We have to do a C-section or the baby won’t make it. Not to mention the fact that the mother is also in danger”.
Pary is terrified, but the nurse and the doctor comfort her and tell her that everything is going to be alright. The doctor orders a sedative to be given to her before the procedure.
Pary tells herself:
“I’ll give my life to make sure that the baby is born healthy and without complications. My baby’s been my friend for nine months. The baby has borne witness to my misery in all those months. The baby is the one who has felt sorry for me every time I was sad or didn’t feel well. I could feel the baby moving in my stomach every time I felt down or blue. I also could feel the movements at the times I was joyful and happy. Maybe it’s a girl?! No god, I hope not! If it’s a girl, she could end up the same way I did. Girls are doomed. I hope it’s a boy so, he doesn’t have to submit to men. For then, no man can subjugate him and ruin his life”.
Pary is in her own thoughts when she is wheeled into the operating room. The oxygen mask is put on her face. Pary talks to her baby while falling asleep:
“My dear child, hold on! You can’t die! You can’t leave me alone! Your mother is waiting for you. She wants to see your beautiful face. She wants to hold you in her arms, hug you, and kiss you. What should I call you? I know; if you’re a girl, I will call you Shirin. If you’re a boy, I’ll call you Saeed. No wait, Saeed is your uncle’s name. Oh, why didn’t I think of a name for you earlier?”
20
Pary is unconscious and she is now in the doctor’s hands. After a couple of hours that felt like a lifetime, the nurse comes to the family and informs them happily that Pary has given birth to a girl.
Masoud’s mother, Alieh, is not too pleased and says:
“Here comes another poor soul into this world. One more person to be tortured at the hands of others. Why a girl? Why not a boy?”
Astounded, Masoud tells his mom:
“Do you think I fared out well in life as a boy? Mother, it doesn’t matter what the baby’s gender is. A child is nothing more than a burden for his or her parents. A child is just another hungry mouth to feed. This child should be happy that she’s got a grandfather who is rich, and a father who is at least an academic. At a bare minimum, I have been able to earn a moderate income and even put aside a bit of money. Had it not been for me, Pary would have had to toil and moil to feed her child.
That is . . .”
Before Masoud could get another word out, his mom cuts him off and in a harsh tone orders him to be quiet. Pary’s family look at each other and wonder what in the world Masoud was alluding to. Was Masoud’s mom forced to work as a housemaid to provide for her children when they were young?
Marzieh asks the nurse when they can visit Pary. The nurse informs her that Pary is still sleeping and besides, the visiting hours are almost over. According to the nurse, it is best for them to come back the following day after Pary is transferred to another ward. Pary’s mother then asks about the baby and if they can at least take a glance at her. But she gets the same response from the nurse to come back the following day.
“Bagheri, it seems there’s no use staying here then. As the nurse said we have to come back tomorrow. So, let’s go home. We’ve been here since last night and didn’t get a wink of sleep. We should go home and get some rest. Masoud, you and your mom should go home too. If you want, you’re welcome to stay at our place tonight. We should bury the hatchet and put our differences aside; at least, for the baby’s sake. Poor Pary needs to gain her energy back in order to be able to nurse the child. Like I said you’re welcome to come to our place and stay over tonight”.
“No thank you. There’s no need. Also, there’s no need for us to act affably and amicably. My so called wife Pary can go to hell. I couldn’t care less if she can’t nurse the baby. I can always buy baby formula and the hell with her motherly love. My mom, my dear mom will take good care of my child. I’m going to tell Pary that tomorrow”.
Confounded, Bagheri pipes up and asks Masoud what he is talking about.
“I’m of course talking about the baby. Like I said before, my mom’s going to take care of the baby. My poor mother is quite used to that. She has taken care of two fatherless kids in the past. Now, she can take care of a motherless child”.
Bagheri is about to lose it. He turns to Masoud’s mother and says:
“Do you know what your son is babbling on about? Why should the baby be raised by you? Doesn’t she have a mother?!”
“Sure, she has her mother. But she doesn’t have a home. If she grows up with her mom at her grandparents, she won’t have a future. The child must stay with her father and her father’s mom. I can easily look after my son’s child”.
Before Bagheri gets a chance to respond to that idiotic thing that Masoud’s mother said, Marzieh interjects and says:
“Like us, you must be tired and weary. We can talk about this later”.
In her turn, Aunt Maryam says:
“You’re all welcome to come to my place and get a bite to eat. There’s enough food for all of us to enjoy”.
As insolent as ever, Masoud responds:
“As if dealing with the two of you wasn’t enough, now there’s a third one added to your mix. Now, I have to put up with aunt Maryam as well. Get it through your heads, I’m Pary’s husband and I’m the one who makes the decisions. Come on Mom! You think you can fool us with this kind of talk. You fooled us once when you saddled us with your daughter Pary. But you can’t fool us a second time with your bullshits about a baby, who, by the way, is legally my child”.
Masoud grabs her mom and leaves the hospital without saying another word. As a result of Masoud’s crazy outburst, Bagheri is so incensed that he goes red in the face. He holds her head in his hands and sits down.
“Before this marriage, we lived with our reputation intact. We interacted with honorable people. Now we have to endure degradation at the hands of a bunch of scums and lowlifes. How we have now become the object of ridicule amongst family and friends”.
“Please Bagheri don’t let such things bother you. Everything will work out. Our daughter is strong. God will help us. Let’s just go home and have a cup of tea. You should get some rest and clear your head. You’re tired, and I’m no better either. My back is killing me. Remember my dear, I’m just as devastated by the whole thing as you are. Maryam come! We are leaving. Standing here is not going to fix anything. We’ll be back tomorrow”.
21
Once home, Masoud and his mom are busy talking about everything that took place at the hospital earlier that day.
“You’re so annoying Masoud! Didn’t I tell you not to say anything yet and not to make a scene at the hospital? You’re not going to get what you want if you go about it the way you did. Think before you talk! To pick up a fight is not going to solve anything. How many times do I have to tell you that? Let’s go over to their place to see what their plan is. Be kind and polite to them. You have to be tactful in order to get Pary to come back here. The way you’re going, you won’t achieve your goal. You just make the situation worse which would make things drag out longer. If you keep being fastidious to them, our plans won’t work. If you keep this up, we’re going to come home empty-handed. Then, it would be you who would have a relationship with his child only from a distance”.
“I’m confused! I’ve done everything you have asked me to do. Yet, you allege that I’m the one sabotaging everything. I don’t get it. What do you want from my life anyway? How come you don’t do the same thing to my sister? Your darling daughter Saideh has fared out better than I, and has dodged all the nagging. She is also your child. Why do I have to be burdened with all the shit that you went through in your damned life? Why do I have to pay for your miserable life?! If you hadn’t enticed my father to sleep with you, you wouldn’t have got pregnant with me. Maybe then, his life would not have got as unbearable as it had become. You have ruined everybody’s life with your selfishness. You don’t let me live a happy life. I wish I’d been born a girl like Saideh so, you would have let me live my life in peace. You have destroyed my life and you have the gull to tell me I’m annoying”.
Shedding crocodile tears, Alieh plays victim and says:
“God take my life! Take my life so that you can be free from me. Did I do anything wrong when I raised you and took care of you? You, who’s somebody today and proud of himself. Is this the thanks I get from you?”
“Fine Mom, for heaven’s sake stop it. Your antics are getting too old. All the crying and talk about dying have no effect on me anymore. I had a life with Pary when we lived at her parents’ place. It was you who, day and night, nagged at me to move in with you. I know why; because you’re old and alone and, of course, you need someone to take care of you. You wanted us here to look after you. It was you who talked shit about Pary. It was you who tittle-tattled about Pary. It was you who created this whole mess. How long do you want me to dance to your tune?! I’m tired and can’t do this anymore. Lately, I’ve had thoughts of taking my own life and freeing myself from this hellish life. I don’t want to live . . .”
Shaken up by what she heard, Alieh does not let Masoud go on. She cries so loud that it almost becomes like screams. Masoud stops talking and comes over to her to comfort her.
“OK, OK! Take it easy! Stop crying, I haven’t committed suicide yet. All I’m asking you is to let me be and not to criticize me as often as you do. Tell me what do you want me to do now?”
“Come my son, let’s go and talk to Pary’s family so we’ll know, once and for all, what is going to happen when Pary is discharged from the hospital”.
22
Marzieh is busy with serving the food while aunt Maryam is setting the table. As soon as they are about to sit at the table, the doorbell rings. They open the door and to their amazement, it’s Masoud and his mom. They are glad to see them and invite them in. After a few minutes of small talk, Marzieh insists that they join them for dinner. As it is customary, they exchange a few polite words and try to be friendly; wondering if they will succeed to put the past behind them.
Once the dinner is over, Alieh starts the conversation.
“Well, the reason for our visit is that Masoud has decided to take Pary and the baby home with him. The reason for it is for the baby to be with both her parents and for Pary to be with her husband”.
Alieh’s announcement dampens the mood. Everybody is holding their breath and stays quiet for a few seconds. It seems like they have to first get over the shock before they can react. Marzieh gains her composure and asks how things are now, and why the sudden change of heart in Masoud. But Marzieh does not get a chance to talk further as Alieh cuts her off and says:
“The past is past. What’s done is done; and, let bygones be bygones. Masoud is young and inexperienced. Now that he’s become a father, he wants to be with his baby. He wants the child to grow up in his home. After all, he is human and has fatherly feelings. We all make mistakes. But now, Masoud has come to his senses, and I thank god that he also has a good job with a steady income. He is nevertheless, a chemical engineer. He makes good enough money to take care of the house expenses and his family. That’s why he wants the baby and her mom to live with him. Moreover, I’m there so Pary won’t feel alone. I have, nonetheless, raised two kids who turned out fine. You should be happy and proud that your daughter is married to my son. Pary is like my own daughter. Particularly now that she has become a mother herself, we are going to understand each other much better. One has to be a mother to understand other mothers and the motherly feelings”.
Aunt Maryam is bewildered and asks if they are going to the hospital in the morning.
“Sure, my mom and I will be there tomorrow. We want to see the baby. I want to talk to my wife. I’m sure Pary will be happy to come back home and live with her husband and her mother-in-law”.
Marzieh gets worried.
“Since Pary’s at the hospital and has to stay there for a few days, isn’t it better to wait until she’s discharged from the hospital before you bring up the subject with her? My daughter has gone through a difficult C-section. Considering her state of health, she needs all the rest and peace that she can get”.
“I know! But what am I supposed to say to my wife? I want her to come home to me. What’s that got to do with her condition? She needs to know that she’s coming home with me”.
“Sure, but maybe she’s not ready to hear this or that right now. Or perhaps psychologically, she is not ready to come back there”.
“Alright then, she can come back home when she feels she’s ready. At any rate, I’m going to take my baby home with me. Then, whenever she feels like she’s ready to come back, she’s welcome to do so. It’s all about my baby and the fact that she should grow up under my roof, not here. I mean no disrespect to you grandparents, but a baby needs his or her mom and dad first”.
Bagheri cannot control himself any longer and he is ready to have kittens.
“My dear son-in-law, how come you weren’t this cocky when you married Pary? Then, I would have kicked you out of my house at once. Now that you have got what you wanted, you’re singing a different tune. You have ruined all our lives. You have hurt my daughter both physically and mentally. Because of it she is in a bad way. My Pary has so much pain in her body and soul because of you. On top of all of that, you got her pregnant and now, you have the audacity to talk about fatherhood when in reality this is just a new means for you to hurt her. You’re right; I get it. If your father had seen you, or if you had grown up in a real family with decent parents, you would have at least learned not to be so rude and insolent to your elders”.
The mother and son feel so irate with Bagheri’s outburst that both of them verbally attack him and demand an apology.
Bagheri sticks to his guns and says:
“You think you can play stupid so no one realizes what you’re really up to. Are you really that dumb that you think we know nothing of your past lives? Since we have the decency of holding our tongues and being courteous, you have the gall to be rude to us and treat us with disrespect. It’s about time for you to get a taste of your own medicine. My daughter is a wreck because of you. You’re responsible for the misery that my daughter is going through. As if that wasn’t enough, now you want to snatch her baby from her arms, and inflict the same misery on the baby as you did to her mother. If you ‘Mr. Masoud’ are really able to take care of others, I suggest you first take care of yourself and your mom. You horrible beast who beat up my daughter so many times and threw her out with a bruised body and a broken spirit. I don’t even want to hear your name! You have degraded us in front of our family and friends. Now you have the nerve to preach to me about taking care of your wife and kid. I don’t think so! That . . .”
Bagheri was not quite finished talking before Masoud and his mom left the house in a fury, slamming the door behind them.
Marzieh feels beside herself. She cries and hits herself in the head while cursing Masoud. At the same time, she questions Bagheri’s rash behaviour.
“Bagheri, God have mercy on you! Why did you do that? You’re making Pary’s situation worse. Now Masoud and his hag of a mother are going to cook up something. He’s going to take the baby away from Pary. That bastard with his whore of a mother have already tortured my daughter plenty. But now they are going to crucify her and take the baby away from her”.
“Damn them! The devil’s offspring! May they pay dearly! Let’s not forget either that your damn daughter has no one else to blame but herself for all that has happened to her. It was she who wanted to go through with such lousy marriage. Don’t you remember how head over heels she was over this piece of garbage? It wasn’t me who forced her into that marriage. It was her falling in love that caused her all the grief in the world now. Oh dear! Her entire life has been ruined. What do you want me to do? Should I bow down to Masoud? Should I beg for his forgiveness? Should I gladly let him take our gullible daughter? A daughter who no longer has a future because of him. Should I let him take her home and beat the shit out of her? God, what kind of a life is this? To let your daughter be free and live a free life causes one dilemma, and to be strict and try to restrict her life causes another dilemma. What in the world are we to do then?”
Aunt Maryam gets involved and says:
“Mr. Bagheri, everything is going to work out. Instead of sitting here and cursing at this and that, which is not going to solve anything, it is best that you and my sister think of some sort of a solution. Maybe the arrival of a baby will bring the husband and wife closer together. Having a baby can make them more sensible, who knows? Everyone has some problems at the beginning of their marriage”.
“Aunt Maryam, why would you say that? Pary had no intention of becoming pregnant so early in the marriage. My daughter should have taken birth-control pills and waited until she was sure who she was dealing with before getting pregnant. Had she taken her time to get pregnant, she would have found out what a piece of work he is. Both as a husband and as a father to a poor child. The problem is not going to be solved by having a baby in the picture. What do you say about that? What are we to do now then?”
Maryam responds:
“You have to wait until the morning. The question is what Pary has to say about the whole thing. Her opinion should be taken into consideration. We’re going to find out what she has to say. From what I have heard and seen so far, Pary is still in love with Masoud despite everything. The only thing she seems to be worried about is Masoud’s mom Alieh. After all, Alieh gets to have a chat with Masoud every night when he comes home before he goes over to Pary. So Masoud’s head gets filled up with a whole pile of nonsense by his mother who tries to make a mess of their lives. You now know how Masoud treats her after he gets home and has a talk with his mom. To sit for an hour and listen to a whole pile of crap about your own wife; specially, for men who are so dependent on their moms and easily influenced. That kind of behaviour can lead to murders in families. Like Pary says, Masoud isn’t the same person after talking with his mom. At any rate, we have to try to bring them together and get them to start over again. Things can’t go on like this any longer. Pary is a young woman with a newborn baby. She can’t live with you for the rest of her life. That . . .”
Marzieh interrupts her and says:
“We’ll see what happens tomorrow. We’ll go visit my daughter. Maryam let us rest until tomorrow. Who knows what tomorrow will bring”.
23
Same night when Pary comes out of the coma, she feels woozy and sore as a result of her surgery. She is alone in her room. Feeling foggy in the head and with the dressing around her stomach, she cannot move much. The nurse comes in, comforts her and asks her how she is doing. Pary feels somewhat alright despite being dizzy, but she feels like she is going to throw up. The nurse explains that it is the normal side effect of anesthetics, and it is nothing to worry about. Pary asks about her baby.
“Yes, she’s fine. You have got a sweet, little girl. She’s at the maternity ward right now. I’ll bring her to you in the morning”.
Pary wonders why she cannot see her baby right away, but the nurse convinces her that she has to wait till morning. After that, Pary gets transferred to the maternity ward. She is placed in a room with another woman who also went through child birth. The other woman is asleep when Pary is brought to the room. Since it is late at night, the nurse asks Pary to be careful not to wake her roommate up. Pary is still a bit nauseous and the effects of the anesthetic have not subsided completely. So it does not take long before Pary falls asleep.
24
The next morning, Pary gets to see her beautiful girl. She takes her into her arms, smells her, and kisses her again and again. The motherly instincts have been awakened in her. She is proud, happy and loves her girl. To have a little, sweet girl makes her elated and gives her joy and hope in life. She hugs her like she is a part of her. For the first time, she calls her Shirin. She says her name a few times out loud.
“Shirin, Shirin, my dear girl. My sweet girl. Open your beautiful eyes my dear. Your mom wants to look at your beautiful eyes. My little sweetie. I want to see the color of your eyes”.
The nurse tells Pary to nurse the baby as she must be hungry.
Pary asks how since she has never done that before.
“You’ll learn. It’s a motherly instinct. Just put her on your breast and she’ll figure it out automatically. Just make sure you don’t fall asleep so as not to suffocate the baby”.
After a few tries, Shirin takes the breast and her mother starts suckling her.
Pary feels a bit of pain in her breast while at the same time she feels an indescribable happiness. Shirin is busy filling up while her mother watches her. The joy of motherhood has made her forget everything else in her life. She has no other thoughts but her little baby. This moment is going to be etched in her memory forever. With closed eyes and her mom’s nipple in her mouth, Shirin falls asleep. Pary wants to leave her sleeping on her chest. She wants to wait until Shirin opens her eyes so that she can see the color of her eyes. But the nurse wants to take the baby back to the maternity room.
Pary’s roommate, who is from out of town, has just become a mother too. Like Pary, she gave birth to her first child as well. Hers was a boy.
25
The visiting hours start once lunch is over. In the maternity ward, one can see visitors carrying flowers, cakes and balloons. The husband of Pary’s roommate comes for a visit. Since the rest of the roommate’s family live in another city, they could not come. For Pary, it is a different story. She gets a large number of people coming to visit her namely, her parents and her aunt, her best friend Reihane and her mom, a neighbour of her parent’s, and last but not least, Masoud along with his mom, his sister, and his brother-in-law. Everybody congratulates her and gives her a kiss on the cheek. After chit-chatting a little, everyone but Masoud goes to see Shirin. Pary and Masoud are alone for a bit then. Masoud kisses Pary’s cheek again and says:
“Pary, my dear, I’m sorry! I hope you forgive me. I love you. Now that we have an innocent, little baby, I want you and her to come live with me. I want you to come back to your home. I want to start over. We should live together. I’m ashamed of what I have done. I’m sorry for what I put you through. I promise to be a good husband from now on, and to be a good father for our child . . . By the way what name have you given her?!”
“I have named her Shirin”.
Masoud thinks a little bit and says he is going to ask his mom if she likes that name, or perhaps, if she has thought of other names for the baby.
“But Masoud, it was your mother who chose names for you and your sister. As a mother, I also want to be the one deciding on the name of my baby. I was the one carrying her for nine months not your mother. It was me who went through a C-section to deliver her, and it is me who nurses her. I think it’s only fair that I make such decisions”.
The expression on Masoud’s face shows how he feels. He is red in the face from anger. He bites his lips, but remembering his mother’s words, he tries to control himself. Therefore, he composes himself and tries to stay calm. He tries to hide what he thinks and how he feels. He switches gears for the time being and agrees with Pary.
“Yep! You’re right Pary! But what about my rights? Isn’t it fair for me to have a say in the matter?”
“Sure, but I like the name Shirin. It warms my heart”.
“OK, if you say so! I’ll accept that on one condition. That from this moment on, we make decisions together. By the way, I have a gift for you that I’ll give you later”.
He kisses Pary on the cheek one more time. Pary feels warm all over. She feels great. It had been a long while she had felt so lucky. It feels like everything is going well for her now.
26
In the evening, it was just her and the roommate Mahnaz. Talking together, Mahnaz tells her about her life. She seems to be happy and content with her life. Her husband, Nasser, is a businessman and makes good money. Her family lives in a big city in the eastern part of the country. So, she and her husband are the only ones living in the capital city, Tehran. They are planning to go visit their family once she feels better and the weather is warmer. Once there, she is planning to stay for a while with the baby in order to rest and relax a bit. Pary asks whether she is going by herself, or her husband is going with her too. 
“No, Nasser has a big store selling electronics. If he leaves, who’s going to run the store? What does your husband do Pary?”
“He’s a chemical engineer and works for government”:
“You have a mother-in-law?”
“Yes, her name’s Alieh”.
“Do you live with her?”
“Yep! But . . .”
Pary wants to tell Mahnaz about her in-laws and all the misery she has been through. But after reflecting on the situation, she wonders why she should tell a total stranger about her private affairs. Specially now that Masoud seems to have come around and is being kind to her. Maybe that is because they have a baby now. Maybe they will have a better life than what they had before.
Mahnaz likes to talk about anything and everything with Pary. She is an inquisitive type and wants to know everything there is about Pary. Pary, on the other hand, shows no interest in chatting along. Right at that moment though, the nurse comes in carrying their babies. She leaves the babies with their moms so they can be fed. Mahnaz asks Pary about the baby’s gender, and Pary tells her. To be polite, Pary asks her the same question.
“Well, I’ve got a boy. My husband wanted our first born to be a boy. He believes that a son will be a support for the family as he grows older, but a girl is nothing but trouble. I, of course, don’t mean your daughter, rather that’s what my husband believes”.
Pary does not give it much thought and starts nursing her daughter. Shirin opens her eyes. Pary looks at her eyes with joy. Her eyes are green! Pary no longer feels any pain from her scars when she embraces Shirin in her arms. She kisses her baby a few times. She lets Shirin fall asleep in her arms. When the nurse shows up to take the babies, Pary asks if she can have her a little longer.
“In future, you’re going to be with her so much that you’re going to get tired. Right now, I have to clean her bed and get her to sleep. Tomorrow, I’ll bring her to you again. Try to get as much rest as you can while you’re here at the hospital. Later when you go home, you’re not going to get any rest whatsoever”.
27
Mahnaz has a visitor. A beautiful, stylish woman comes in with a beautiful bouquet of flower to see Mahnaz. She also says hi to Pary and congratulates her before she carries on talking with Mahnaz.
After greetings and pleasantries are over, their conversation catches Pary’s attention. The friend who is called Nahid seems to be soon on her way to the altar.
“So, Nahid, how is it going? Anything new?”
“Nothing, I’m still waiting. He’s promised that everything is going to work out soon. For my part, I’m trying to convince my father to give his blessing”.
“What’s he going to do with his baby then?”
“He’s going to sort that out one way or the other. That’s his problem. I don’t worry myself about that”.
“If he wants to have full-time custody of his child, and you end up having to raise the child, what are you going to do then?”
“No way! He will not do that. He knows how much I hate children. I expect he’s going to sort all of that out first”.
“Nevertheless, I hope that everything works out for you and you get what you want”.
“Oh, if it wasn’t for my father’s reluctance, and if it wasn’t for his objection when I wanted to get married, I would have settled down a long time ago”.
“It’s still not too late. As they say everything takes its time, but sooner or later, the wait is over. Things will work out. Don’t be sad! Look at what we achieved with getting married. Do you think there’s anything more to getting married?”
“True, but everybody wants to get married and settle down in life. Everyone wants love and affection in their lives. We all want someone to share our lives with”.
Soon the hospital corridors are filled with more visitors. They go in and out of different rooms visiting their loved ones. Among the visitors, there is Nasser, Mahnaz’s husband. He walks in the room and sees Nahid. He says hi to her and asks her:
“When are we going to see your wedding girl? Hurry up old girl, we’ve already got a son and you’re still single”.
Mahnaz jumps in and tells her husband:
“No, Nasser, it’s not her fault that she is single and alone. If her father, Mr. Zandi, had not been so hard to deal with, Nahid would have also been married and had children by now”.
Nahid laughs and tells Nasser that he keeps talking about her wedding every time he sees her. She says jokingly that if he keeps that up, he is not going to be invited to her wedding.
“Sure, Nahid. Is something going on or?”
“Yes Nasser, as Nahid was telling me before you came in, it seems that, god willing, things are going to work out. Her father seems to be coming around and be willing to give his blessing. The groom-to-be also seems to be making arrangements”.
“Well, how nice! It’s about time that you get on with your life. So much time and energy that you two have put into making your dreams come true”.
“Thanks Nasser. I hope everything pans out the way we have planned. Wow, it’s time for me to get going. See you later”.
28
Not too long after Nahid left, Masoud shows up to see Pary. As usual, he is upset and angry. But he tries to appear calm and collected. He does not want to show his true colours. He kisses Pary on the forehead and after a few minutes, he takes the baby into his arms. Uncaringly, he looks at Shirin while his mind is occupied with something completely different. No one knows what he thinks about.
Nasser comes over to Masoud and congratulates him. He wishes the couple and their baby all the best in their future lives.
“The best thing is to have a child. Mahnaz and I are really lucky to have got such a sweet baby in our lives. It feels wonderful, doesn’t it?”
“Oh sure, but deep down inside, it’s really not as exciting as you claim”.
“What are you saying?! Why not? A child is a gift from god. It brings joy to life. Brings hope and gives meaning to life. Do you know why? Because having a kid makes one try harder in life, day and night, don’t you think so?!”
“Well, I think that a kid is nothing more than trouble for one. A kid only makes life harder to live. It’s about a lifetime of responsibility. No, a child is only in the way of one’s success”.
“You don’t seem to be happy about having a child”.
“No, not much. Maybe not at all to be honest”.
“What would you have said if you had a boy instead?”
“That would have not made any difference! I don’t want children at all, regardless . . .”
Pary interrupts Masoud and Nasser and says:
“Masoud hasn’t had a chance to be with Shirin that much. I’m sure, in time, he’s going to change his mind and be delighted about having a baby”.
Masoud stays quiet and does not want to comment. He gives the baby back to Pary and leaves the room.
Marzieh who is also present and had witnessed the whole thing wants to say something to make light of the situation.
“Everything takes its time. One must be patient. When one becomes a parent for the first time, one is both glad and worried. It’s only because one is inexperienced, but after some time, things will start to become normal”.
Marzieh kisses Pary on the cheek and continues:
“So, dear daughter, you’re going to be released from the hospital tomorrow. What have you decided?”
“Well Mom, I’m going to go to my own place. Now that Masoud and his mom have changed, it’s best for me to live with my husband so that Shirin also gets to be with her father. Who knows, maybe everything will work out in the end. People change!”
“I hope so my dear, I hope so! But your father doesn’t trust them. He doesn’t trust what they may do or say”.
“Tell Dad not to be so hard on himself or others. Everything will be alright”.
29
The next morning, Masoud and his mom, Alieh, along with Pary’s mom, Marzieh, come to the hospital to get Pary and Shirin.
Pary says goodbye to her roommate. Since Pary knows how Masoud and his mom dislike being in touch with strangers, Pary decides not to exchange telephone number and address with Mahnaz. However, Mahnaz had mentioned where her husband’s store was located. Masoud and his mom don’t want to interact with strangers. They are not the social type.
“Pary if you ever wanted to buy any electronics, you’re always welcome at my husband’s store. You have the address. You will get a discount there”.
Masoud takes Pary’s arm and Marzieh takes Shirin. Together, they leave the hospital. When they get to Masoud’s home, Marzieh suggests throwing a baby shower for Pary, albeit after the fact. Alieh disagrees and says:
“I am not that well and can’t arrange such a thing”.
“Alieh, what are you talking about? Was Pary not a virgin? I got to have a real party for six days; as well, I got a party for baby’s baptism later on”.
“Well Marzieh, your husband could afford it. My Masoud, on the other hand, has only recently started to work. He has a lot of expenses. Such parties mean more expenses and will add to the financial burden”.
“Yes, but you don’t have to worry about the work or the cost. We’ll take care of everything”.
“Do you want to make Masoud mad again? He’s never going to accept that you foot the bill for such expensive events. My son is a proud man. I know, leave it to me and let me talk to my son about it. If I can convince him, I’ll let you know how we can proceed then. By the way, you can go home if you want. We’re grateful that you came with us. We don’t want to bother you any further. I will look after my daughter-in-law and my grandchild”.
“Do you mean I should leave my daughter alone here and go home when you yourself mentioned that you’re not well and you feel ill?”
“No, I’m not that sick. I can take care of them. If you want to stay and give orders or meddle in everything, Masoud is going to lose his temper and start a fight. For your daughter’s sake, you should go home”.
Pary listens nervously to her mom’s and her mother-in-law’s discussion. She does not know what she can say. She is scared of Masoud’s outbursts. In her mind, she reevaluates her decision to come back to live with Masoud. She thinks maybe it would have been better to have gone home to her parents instead.
Marzieh is disappointed; feeling very concerned, she says goodbye to Pary and Shirin and heads home. Once home, Bagheri wonders why she is home so early. It goes without saying that had it been up to Marzieh, she would have wanted to stay until late in the evening.
“Well Bagheri, I had a bad back pain and couldn’t stay longer. I thought it’s best to come home and rest a bit”.
“Marzieh, tell me the truth! What happened? I know that you’re lying about your back. Did you guys have an argument? Did you leave Pary and the baby alone with the lunatic and the troll?”
“No, nothing like that. What’s with all the questions? Alieh asked me to leave them. She said she can handle everything herself and take care of Pary and the baby. She said that my presence might upset Masoud”.
“The hell with Masoud and his mom! Who the hell does he think he is? Has he purchased my daughter? Is she his maid and servant?”
“Enough Bagheri! For goodness’ sake enough! Don’t get bent out of shape! Pary wanted to go back and live there. There’s nothing we can do. We just have to wait and see what destiny has in store for us. Let it be and have a little faith”.
30
Days go by and Pary is busy looking after her baby. Her parents rarely get to see her. Shirin grows up every day that goes by. She just gets sweeter and sweeter. Pary’s days are not better than what they were before. Now, she has the added responsibility of raising Shirin. She has to take care of her child. Additionally, these days, she must even protect Shirin from Masoud’s hot temper, and act like a shield between them so as to ensure that Shirin does not get hit by her father. 
As usual, Masoud leaves Pary and Shirin every night with false pretenses of meeting god knows whom.
Shirin is now three months old. One night when Masoud comes home all drunk, Pary is busy with nursing Shirin. Masoud comes in the room and starts screaming profanities at her. Pary tries to get him to be quiet and not to scare the baby. 
“The hell with the baby, you bitch! I hate that kid. Because of her, I am forced to see you and have you here all the time. I have to come home for this every bloody night”.
He, frantically, reaches over and tries to yank the baby out of Pary’s arms. Pary resists. The baby loses its grip on Pary’s breast and starts crying incessantly. Masoud becomes even more irritated and screams agitatedly:
“Get that damn bastard to shut up. I don’t want to hear her damn voice”.
Alieh rushes in the room and asks Pary curtly:
“What in the world have you done now Pary? What have you done again to make Masoud angry? How much pain does my son have to go through and suffer because of you? You’re going to kill him. He’s going to have a heart attack because of you. Then, I’ll be all alone and miserable in this world. You won’t be affected since you will get married again while my heart will ache forever for having lost my son”.
“I swear Alieh, I haven’t done anything. Masoud is drunk and he was in a bad mood to begin with. He was looking for a reason to fight”.
Hearing that, Masoud goes berserk and screams like an animal:
“Shut your mouth you bitch! I don’t want to hear your voice”.
“Masoud, I know you love someone else. So, if you don’t want me, set me free so I can go home to my parents, and you can live with the one you want”.
“Sure, I will divorce you. Get up and pack your shit. Go home to your parents. I’ll come get you in the morning to go to court”.
With tears in her eyes, Pary starts to pack her and Shirin’s stuff, when Masoud screams again:
“What the hell are you doing? You can’t take the baby home with you. You should get out, not the baby!”
“But Masoud, why are you doing this?! Alieh please say something! You talk to him! You’re a mother too and understand me better. A child needs her mother. She needs the mother’s milk”.
“What should I say about this? He is, nevertheless, the baby’s father. I can’t stick my nose into his business”.
“But Alieh, Masoud can’t take care of the baby. You’re also sick and have other issues . . .”
“In the first place, I’m neither sick nor old. In the second place, I have thought of how we can take care of the baby. I’ll buy a pacifier and baby formula. You can go if you want, and you don’t have to worry yourself about anything”.
“Where am I going to go without my daughter? Masoud didn’t you tell me at the hospital that you made mistakes and how much you regretted those? Didn’t you say that you wanted to start over again? You said you were going to be a good husband and good father. Is this what you meant by your words and promises? When are we going to have a peaceful life together? You and I are parents now. We have a responsibility toward Shirin. For the sake of this innocent, little baby, we have to change and be better. We have to live up to our responsibility”.
“Stop preaching woman! Stop telling me about ethics and morality! My ears hurt! Take your baby with you. I want nothing to do with her. Take her home to whomever the hell you want! I don’t want to see you or her”.
What Masoud said does not sit well with Alieh so she tells him abruptly:
“What in the world do you mean?! Do you want your baby to be raised by others?”
“Why the hell not! I was raised by others. I didn’t have any father either. Let my baby experience the same shit as her father did. Let her be raised by grandparents. At least, they’re her own flesh and blood. They’re not strangers we’re talking about. Moreover, he is filthy rich and can afford to pay for some shit”.
“I’m disappointed in you son. I won’t forgive you the way you’re behaving. You’re going to kill me Masoud. I’m in a bad way because of your stupidity. I wish I never had you. You who deliberately get on my nerves”.
“I didn’t come to this world by myself. It was you who took my damn father in bed with you and tricked him to get yourself pregnant with me. I don’t give a shit . . .”
“Shut up! Enough with your vulgar comments and innuendos! This is not the time to talk about shit. Shut your mouth! You . . .”
Pary cuts off Alieh and says:
“If you’re trying to hide anything from me, my family and I already know everything”.
Masoud jumps at Pary like a wounded and wild tiger trying to hit her. Pary ducks quickly and Masoud’s fist hits the wall hard.
“F…k, damn, my hand! Ouch! I broke my damn wrist”.
Alieh comes closer to inspect Masoud’s hand. As soon as she grabs his hand, Masoud screams. His wrist is injured.
They head to the emergency. They put a cast on Masoud’s wrist. No one says a word, neither on the way to the emergency, nor on the way back. A few hours later when they get home, Masoud sits with his broken wrist in one corner of the room, deep in thoughts. Pary nurses the baby nervously and uneasily. Alieh keeps herself busy in the kitchen, cooking food.
Pary wants to somehow comfort Masoud, but does not know how. She musters all her courage and starts a conversation.
“Masoud, I know everything about you and your family. I know who you’re in love with and want to marry. For my part, I am OK with that, but I beg you not to take my child from me. If I have so far lived with you is only because I love you and I have a child with you. For the sake of the baby, I’m willing to be accommodating. I’ll do what you want. My future is already ruined. I’m already wrecked and broken. My reputation has been tarnished. All my dreams have been shattered. I have to take my dreams to grave with me. You who have been trying to start a life with Nahid. You, who have done everything to be with Nahid, have had no regard for my life. At least, have compassion toward the baby and do not take her from her mother. Let me have something to live for. I have been unlucky in everything and I don’t understand why you have done that to me? I . . .”
“What do you really know? Who the hell are you talking about? I know! I know!”
“Yes, I know everything about you and all your past”.
“Surely, it was Reihane who told you things about me, right?”
“No, no, if Reihane had told me that, this marriage would have never happened”.
“So, who the hell has informed you about my life then?”
“After we got married, your half-brother Bahram had talked to my cousin Hamid. They happened to work at the same place”.
Masoud lowers his head down in shame and asks Pary how much she knows about his background.
Pary tells Masoud that she knows it all, everything.
Masoud is relieved that he can drop the charade. He feels like a heavy burden has been lifted off his shoulder. He starts to cry. While wiping his tears off, he says:
“Pary, I’m an unlucky man with a wretched life. My poor mom has suffered a lot. I feel it is my duty to take care of her”.
“Sure, I understand that! But why do you torment me?! If you don’t want me, why did you marry me?”
“I don’t know! I have made you miserable. I took from you your wonderful life, I know. Worst of all, I made you pregnant; and now, we have a baby in this horrible life of ours”.
“Don’t you think that if we were to buy a house and move out of here that our lives would get better? Maybe then, we can live a better life. You can also visit your mom whenever you want like your sister Saideh does. It maybe . . .”
Pary does not get to utter the next word before Alieh walks in the room.
“What in the hell are you whispering in Masoud’s ears?! As soon as I turn my head, you start plotting on how to take my son away from me. Wow, what a trickster you are. Since you’re not welcome here, you try to spoil things for everyone else too. Girl, if I were you, I would first secure my foothold before I try to knock anybody down. If it wasn’t for me who convinced Masoud, he would have divorced you and let you live on your own at your parents without your child”.
Alieh is not quite finished with her dramatic performance. She now resorts to crying. With crying, she wants to gain an upper hand and get Masoud’s empathy. Pary does not want to let Alieh manipulate Masoud with her acting.
“Alieh, did your ex-husband take the kid with him when he left you and went with another woman? Why would you want to take my kid away from me? You’re a mother; you would have never allowed your ex-husband to take your kids with him. How can you do that to me now? You know what? It’s all your fault for not letting us live our lives . . .”
Suddenly, Pary feels a painful burning sensation. For a few seconds, she is in a state of shock. She cannot even grasp what just happened. It was Masoud hitting Pary in the head with his hand that is in a cast. He roars like a lion at her:
“You whore, shut the hell up!!! How dare you talk to my mother like that?! Who gave you the right to be cheeky to my mother?! You are not allowed to treat my mother like that; do you hear me?”
Pary understands that she has been smacked hard in the head by Masoud. She also now notices that her head is bleeding. The blood runs down from her forehead to her nose, further down to her cheeks, to her chin, and all the way down on the baby who is in her arms. Pary screams for help. She has got a severe pain in her head. She is not feeling well at all.
This time, they do not dare go to the emergency. How is Masoud going to explain Pary’s head injury? So instead, Alieh grabs the first-aid kit and bandages up Pary’s head and cleans her face.
With Shirin by her side, Pary lies in a corner with a bandaged head and looking pale like a ghost. Shirin looks bewildered. It seems like she no longer recognizes her mother, or she is a little scared of her mother’s new look. The way Pary looks now is something Shirin is not familiar with. Pary is drained; she cannot even cry. After thrashing Pary, Masoud had left the house.
31
Two days had passed from the day the fight broke out. Masoud, however, had not come home since then. Alieh and Pary avoid talking to each other. The atmosphere is heavy and tense. In the middle of all of that, Marzieh comes for a visit. When she finds out what had been going on, she does not want her daughter to stay there any longer, and she begs her to come back home with her.
“No Mom, let me die here! They will take my baby away from me if I leave this place. They won’t let me take Shirin with me. I will never leave her alone with anyone. I won’t go anywhere without her”.
“Daughter, don’t be so stubborn! You’re putting your life in danger. You’re not in a good state of health. You can’t look after the baby like this. If you leave, they will be forced to bring the baby back to you. They won’t be able to manage without you. Besides, you’re young and your life is worth a thousand babies. You can have a child again. Don’t sacrifice your life on the account of a baby! Don’t torture us more with this! How long do we have to go on worrying about you? How long do we have to live in fear that one day we’ll get your lifeless body back? These kinds of people have no sense and no shame. They’re animals”.
“Mom what are you saying? When did you ever abandon me that now you ask me to abandon my child?”
“You’re from a good family Pary. I haven’t been a bad mother for you. Your father is not an evil man”.
“What does that mean? Are you saying that if my father was a horrible person, you would have abandoned me and gone your way?”
Marzieh curses Masoud and cries as she continues:
“In the end, it is you who has to make a decision. Either you leave the baby here and come home to us, or you sit here, live with these animals, and put up with all the beatings and misery. Believe me, we’re tired of the whole thing. We have aged before our time because of the constant worrying about you”.
“I will tolerate everything that happens to me, but I will not leave my baby. I’m not going to let my baby fall into the hands of others, specially Masoud and his mom. Those monsters can only dream of getting their hands on my baby. They want to ruin my baby’s life. He wants to take Shirin to his new wife so, I wouldn’t get to see her ever again. They say they want to move abroad. If so, they will take my baby with them as well. Then, I would have to spend a lifetime sighing and longing for my kid”.
“That’s just nonsense Pary. Do you think we live in a jungle where everyone can do as everyone pleases? There are rules and laws in this country that everyone must obey”.
“As you can see Mother, right now there are no laws to protect me. He has the right to beat me to death if he so desires. What authority, what laws exist for me? Who protects me? When Masoud’s father left Alieh with two kids, was there anyone Alieh could turn to? What did the legal system do for her? Who cares about women and their rights? Women in this society are doomed. We’re at the mercy of men. What law has benefited women? Moreover, who are the ones making the laws, men, right? Men who have no shame. Insensitive men. So, I want to follow my own rules. Under no circumstances, would I ever give up my child. Over my dead body if I let that happen!”
“Pary please, what is going on with you? I worry about you. I don’t want you to give up your baby either; instead, I’m proposing that you leave Shirin with them for a while, let them try to take care of her, and come live with us. Believe me, it won’t take long for them to get tired of looking after a baby and gladly returning the baby to you”.
“Mom how can you say that? How many times have you walked away from your baby or left your baby in someone else’s care even for a little while that you advise me to do? How many times has law taken the custody of a kid away from a terrible father and given it to the kid’s mother instead? How many times have the courts ruled in favour of a mother? So many kids who end up living with an awful step-mother and end up getting damaged for life. Which authority ever came to their defence? Mom, you don’t know anything about this family. They are mean, bitter, and vengeful. They will keep my baby just to torment me”.
“Pary, my dear! Surely you are right. I understand what you’re saying, but I wonder how long Masoud is going to hit you like this and hurt you physically? Have you ever thought about what would happen to your baby if you end up dead?”
“I don’t know! I can’t think that far into the future. I’m exhausted. One day I’ll kill myself and my baby so everyone could breathe easily”.
Marzieh hits herself on the head and says:
“What? I hope I’m dead before such a day comes! Pary why are you saying stuff like that? Have you gone mad?! Girl, don’t ever do any harm to yourself! Don’t go with your emotions, use your head instead! Don’t be so hard-headed all your life. You have already made a big mistake by getting into this marriage and hitting rock bottom. Now you’re thinking of making another mistake?”
“No, I didn’t mean what I said. Forget what I said! There’s nothing to worry about, really. I have got used to my life anyway. All this fighting and bickering have now become a part of my everyday living. I’m sure everything will work out in the end”.
32
A few months later, Pary is busy with household chores and Shirin is crawling around her on the floor. Alieh is praying as a part of her daily routine. All of a sudden, the door swings open and in comes Masoud, but not alone rather with Nahid. Masoud calls Alieh:
“Mom, where are you? Come, we have a distinguished guest”.
Pary comes out of the kitchen and meets that mysterious Nahid for the first time. At first glance, Pary does not recognize her, but she gets a strange feeling that she has seen Nahid somewhere before. She has no idea where though. Pary goes forward, greets them and says:
“Masoud, your mother is in the middle of praying. Is this your colleague?”
Masoud does not answer. Pary invites Nahid to come in and have a seat. She then goes to the kitchen to make tea for them. Shirin is still crawling on the floor around Pary. When they are alone, Nahid asks Masoud if Shirin is his daughter. Seeing that he cannot avoid answering her question, he says yes. Nahid calls out to Shirin to come to her. Pary turns around to Shirin and says:
“Go over to the lady my dear. I am making tea. Go!”
Shirin, however, does not want to leave Pary’s side. Masoud comes and yanks Shirin’s arm forcefully. Shirin starts to cry. Not only is her arm hurting, but she also gets scared the way Masoud tries to force her. Not to mention the fact that Shirin is not used to interacting with her so-called father that much.
Pary wants to take Shirin away from him. But the menacing look on Masoud’s face and his barking at her make Pary to back off instead.
Pary goes back to making tea, feeling defeated. One can hear Shirin crying. It pains Pary to hear her cry like that. Pary knows that Shirin is scared of Masoud. She sees her father as a stranger. Since she has got a beating from her father, she does not feel safe with him. Pary’s mind is preoccupied with Shirin. Her hands start to shake which leads to the tea getting spilled on her hand and it starts to burn really bad. One thing leads to another; because of the burning sensation in her hand, she loses her grip and drops the teapot on the floor which breaks into pieces.
It is a mess. Tea and pieces of teapot are all over the kitchen floor. The sound of the teapot getting smashed reverberated in the entire house. Alieh rushes into the kitchen. She is mad at Pary.
“Can you not do one thing right?! You have to tidy this up by yourself. Hurry up now! I’m going to make tea myself. You’re useless!”
“Sorry, but I’ve burnt my hand”.
“Hold it under cold water. That’s not a big deal. It’s not like you have got cut by a sword. You overdramatize everything”.
Masoud and Nahid are busy chit-chatting. He is, in a way, trying to distract Nahid from what is going on in the kitchen. He ignores what goes on and is not the least bit concerned about what happened to Pary. But Nahid is curious and asks Masoud what happened.
“Don’t mind that! This is not the first time something like this happens. She’s so clumsy that we have now got used to her klutziness”.
Shirin is still crying. Masoud lets go of her and pushes her away while telling her to go to her mother instead. Alieh enters the room and greets Nahid. She sits and talks politely with Nahid.
“Mom, Nahid insisted that we come and see you and Shirin. She wanted to talk with you and to get to know you a bit better. We have already made up our minds. We have also talked with Nahid’s father. It has now been settled that you and I should go to Nahid’s father to formally ask for her hand in marriage”.
Pary who is cleaning the kitchen with a swollen hand happens to hear the word ‘marriage proposal’. However, she has no idea who they are talking about and what that is about. Curious, she pricks up her ears and tries to listen to the conversation.
Alieh asks what they are going to do with Pary and Shirin then.
“Obviously, Pary has to move back in with her parents until I divorce her. As for the kid, we have to see what we can do about it”.
“Have you talked to her about that son? Have you talked to Pary at all?”
Masoud tells her mother that he has not told Pary yet, but he is going to inform her right there and then. Therefore, he calls Pary to come to the living room.
Pary comes in the room with her red, burned, and swollen hand. She has Shirin in her arms. For her, it was obvious what Masoud was going to tell her since she had heard what they were talking about.
“Pary, this is Nahid. God willing, we’re going to finally get married after so many years of being apart and suffering. I’m going to file for divorce from you and let you go home to your parents. The only thing left to be sorted out is Shirin”:
Tears start to run down from Pary’s eyes, one by one. She is crushed. What could be worse than one’s husband announcing his upcoming nuptial to his current wife, in front of his mother, and seated next to his future wife. What can be more degrading than that?
“Masoud, I knew that you had no conscience or morals. But I didn’t know that you’re this cold and callous. You have absolutely no shame. By the way Nahid, you look very familiar and I know I’ve seen you somewhere, but I can’t remember where. Regardless, I wonder how you can allow an already shattered family life to be completely obliterated and reduced to nothing. You’re ruining my child’s life. The man you want to marry is already married with a child. How does it feel to break up a family?”
Masoud objects vehemently to Pary’s outburst and tries to get up from his chair, but he is restrained by Nahid.
“Yes Pary, you saw me at the hospital where you had your baby. You shared a room with another woman there. She was called Mahnaz, and she happens to be my friend”.
Mystery solved, now Pary remembers.
“Pary, Masoud and I were in love long before you came into his life. We were going to get married before you married him. We have been in love for a long time . . .”
“I know, your father was against the marriage. I know everything about you. But now Masoud isn’t the same guy as he was then. He is married, and he’s a father to a child”:
“It doesn’t matter. All is fair in love and war. The sky is the limit for two people who are in love. Unfortunately, love and logic don’t mix. If it wasn’t for my father’s pigheadedness and obstruction, we should have been married for three years now”.
“But Nahid, you can’t raise my child. I won’t allow it. You can’t take my baby”.
“Why not Pary? That’s Masoud’s child too. If I’m in love with Masoud, I’m also fond of his child. I can be a good mother to his child. Shirin will be like my own child. You don’t have to worry about a thing. We have thought of everything. We’re going to move abroad and take Shirin with us. She’s going to go to a daycare there. We’re even going to make sure that she goes to a fine school and gets a good education. There are so many good schools abroad”.
At this point, Masoud’s mom jumps in and says:
“Masoud, you’re going to leave me? Leaving your old mother here? When are you thinking of leaving? Where are you going, and what is going to become of me? What am I . . .”
“Mom, don’t let it bother you. It’s not like anything is going to happen right now. Don’t worry yourself about future. Everything is going to work out, all in its due time”.
Pary cannot hold back the tears any longer. She is devastated and bursts into cry. She holds Shirin in her arms and heads to the next room, while shouting out:
“Over my dead body Masoud. You’ll get her lifeless body from me and that would be all that you get. I will never give up my child. Over my dead body”.
33
Maryam comes to visit her sister Marzieh at the hospital one day. Marzieh has been in the hospital for a few days as a result of a slipped disc in her back that needs surgery. Bagheri sits depressed and worried in a chair in one corner of the room. Mentally, he does not feel well either.
“How are you doing Sister?”
“Exactly as it looks! The pain is killing me”.
“Are they giving you any painkillers to help you with your pain?”
“Yes, they have given me stuff”.
“When are you getting operated on?”
“I think tomorrow”.
“How is it going with Pary though? Have you heard anything? Has she come to visit you yet?”
“No, Masoud has forbidden her to leave the house and he is adamant that so long as she does not agree to divorce as well as handing the baby over to him, she is not allowed to set foot outside of the house. In addition, we’re not allowed to go there and visit her either”.
“I don’t understand it! What kind of a creep is this man? If he doesn’t want Pary that’s one thing, but to torture her like this is quite another thing. Is it Pary’s fault that he didn’t get to marry Nahid? Who knows how his rotten mind works!”
Breaking his silence, Bagheri interjects and says:
“Well, Maryam, it’s all my fault. I am the one responsible for this mess. If I had done my homework and found out the truth about him, I wouldn’t have given away my daughter to a scumbag like him. I threw her right in the fire. God have mercy on me! I was only thinking of myself. I wanted my daughter to become a doctor and fulfill my dream. So many fine suitors that she had, whom I turned down. She received many marriage proposals, and I encouraged her to decline on the account of my dreams for her. And look at her life now, a living hell”.
“Mr. Bagheri, you shouldn’t blame yourself. It wasn’t your fault. How could you have known the way things turned out? All you need to do now is to focus on finding a solution so that your innocent daughter and her child don’t end up suffering more than what they already have”.
“But how? It’s not easy. No matter whom we talk to and where we turn to, we get the same answer that he’s her husband and what he says goes. To hear that is like getting a slap in the face. We can’t do anything. As her aunt, you tell me what we should do. When legally we can’t do a thing, what is left for us to do? We have no evidence against him. Worst of all, Pary doesn’t want to file charges against him either”.
“What do you mean you have nothing against him? Pary’s broken arm and injured head, her black and blue body, her black eye, and all the bruises on her body are all the evidence you need”.
“She just defends Masoud and pretends to have fallen or something stupid to cover up the truth about her injuries. Lucky for Masoud, Nahid’s father, who’s going to be his future father-in-law, also works at the district court and has many influential colleagues”.
“Are you sure that Nahid’s father knows how Masoud treats Pary? Does he know the real Masoud who’s going to marry his daughter?”
“I don’t know, but all I know is that he’s given them his blessings after so many years of refusing to give his daughter to Masoud”.
“Maybe you should have a little chat with Nahid’s father. Don’t you think you should inform him about the situation? Maybe he can do something about that”.
“No Sis, Bagheri is right. I believe that if Bagheri were to talk to Nahid’s father, that won’t do anything more than worsening Pary’s situation. I’m sure they won’t even believe what we tell them. They might even think that we’re just trying to sabotage their daughter’s marriage to Masoud in order to keep him for our own daughter. I don’t know; I can’t think of anything. I’m sure that once I come out of this hospital, I will sit and think about doing something for Pary”.
“Like what Sister? Pary’s situation won’t get any better by just sitting and thinking. We have to do something”.
“We’re going to see what happens. Right now, I’m bedridden in a hospital with a bad back and can’t even lift a finger. I don’t even know when I’m going to be up and running. Do you think that I don’t care for my own daughter? Bagheri and I have not had any peace since the day Pary got married”.
Marzieh cries. Maryam kisses her on the cheek and says:
“It’s OK Sister, you shouldn’t worry yourself right now. Try to relax! I’ll come back in the morning so you won’t be by yourself. Mr. Bagheri, are you not going home too?”
“I will soon. But you should get going! I will stay a bit longer”.
34
At Pary’s place, everything is as it always is. Masoud comes in the kitchen and asks his mom what he should do. He wants Alieh’s advice. He wants to figure out how to go about handling the situation.
“Mom, what should I do? If I lose Nahid once again, I will kill myself. I have to be able to marry Nahid. She is the one I have always wanted in my whole life”.
“What are you trying to say Masoud? What kind of nonsense talk is that about taking your life? You shouldn’t give up so easily. You scare me when you say things like that. God forbid that day that a mother loses her child. Hope your enemy dies instead. Don’t worry my son. I’m going to talk to Pary. She knows how much you hate her. She will give up in the end. How long can she fight in vain?”
With that said, Alieh goes to Pary. The same girl that one day had a beautiful body and a lively spirit. The one who, at one time, was full of joy and life now looks so broken, thin and pale. She has been dealt a lousy hand in life.
Pary sits somberly with teary eyes while holding Shirin in her arms and nursing her. Shirin tries to benefit from the mother’s milk as much as she can, from whatever that is still left. Pary is so weak that her body is hardly able to produce enough milk for the newborn baby. Shirin does not seem to be able to get anything out of the mother’s breast. After so much that Pary has been through, it is only understandable that her physical condition is the way it is.
“Pary, why are you so persistent? Look at how much more difficult you have made the situation for yourself and the others. Look what kind of a life you have got now. Why do you do this to yourself and to your baby? Masoud is also unhappy and miserable. He is also impacted by everything that’s been happening. He doesn’t want you. Why can’t you accept that? Why don’t you agree to divorce? It will make your life easier too if you accept to get a divorce as he wants you to”. 
“I will never leave my child in someone else’s care. This child is my life. If he doesn’t want me, why did he take me? Was it just to make Nahid jealous that he ruined my life? And left me with a child in my arms?”
“What’s done is done! No one can turn back the time. Do as he wants. Get a divorce and give Shirin to them. I promise you that after a while, they will get tired and give her back to you, particularly if they have a child of their own. Then, they would have no energy or desire to take care of Shirin”.
“I don’t give a damn if they want to marry each other. It makes no difference whatsoever to me. They can very well go ahead and start living together. But why do they want my child? Why do they want to take her from me? I can raise my own child. I’m not going to ask Masoud for nothing. I don’t need any child support or alimony from him”.
“Nahid wants to make sure that your relationship with Masoud is completely over. She wants to sever all ties between you two; so, she doesn’t want you guys to be in touch on the account of a baby. She doesn’t want Masoud to have any contact with you generally speaking”.
“I have nothing to do with Masoud any longer. When he doesn’t want me, why would I want to have anything to do with him? But Shirin is my child and if they take her from me, I’m not going to let them live in peace. So, it is best for them to leave my baby alone. I know that Masoud wants to just hurt me by taking my baby from me. Alieh, you talk to him. I will agree to the divorce on the condition that I get the baby”.
When Alieh relates to Masoud what Pary had told her, Masoud flies off the handle.
“Mom, why do you believe that bitch? Are you dumb? She makes all sorts of promises now, but I know that she’s only bluffing. I know that later on, she’s going to come and look for me on the account of the baby. Pary is smart. She wants to keep Shirin so that later on, she can take her revenge on me”.
“No my son, that’s not the case. You know very well like I do that you’re not fond of your baby. When you deep down inside have no feelings for you baby, she’s just going to become a burden for you and Nahid. You’re never going to have a life for as long as Shirin is in the picture. Go and talk to Pary now. Talk to her about your conditions and make sure she goes along with them. Then, it’s only a matter of getting divorced and moving on. Go and hash it out with her and save yourself from this chaotic life. You have to bring some order to your life”.
“No Mom, this is not going to work. I am going to show her. If she wants to be obstinate with me, I’m going to show her who the boss is. I’m going to isolate her from everybody. She is going to be forced to stay home until she gives up. She’s not allowed to go out of the house for as long as it takes”.
“Masoud she’s willing to go along with the divorce and leave everything alone”.
“No, I won’t let her have the baby. I’m not going to let her keep Shirin”.
“I don’t get you at all. I’m starting to get tired of you and the way you handle things. You make a mess of everything. You know what? I have no clue why you got married to Pary to begin with!!!”
35
Marzieh suffers with her bad back and gets no relief while she lies in bed at the hospital. She has been dozing off, but when she opens her eyes, she sees Pary standing at the foot of the bed.
“Oh dear! It has been a while. Finally, I get to see my daughter. Finally, the warden has let you out of your jail-cell. How did you break loose from that brute and his evil mother?”
“Mom, I have come to a decision. We’re going to get divorced. Masoud has agreed to let me have Shirin, provided, I don’t ask for any child support or bother him for anything later on”.
“Damn him! Hope he burns in hell! I wish him a hellish life. That bastard has destroyed an entire family”.
Bagheri hears what Pary said and joins the conversation:
“Wait until he divorces you, I will take care of the baby. I’m still alive. If money is more important to him, then he won’t mind missing out on his child’s life. I’d like to see him get remarried to see if, this time, he can look after a family as he claims. He says that he is passionately in love with that girl Nahid. Wait until the passion runs out. Nahid is going to end up with the same fate as my daughter did. Like the saying goes: ‘a scorpion does not sting out of hate, rather it is in its nature to do so’. This guy has not grown up with any fatherly love in order to appreciate the importance of family and having a conscience”.
“I don’t care about that. The important thing is that my daughter Pary is back. He can do whatever he wants and however he wants to. I wasn’t a bad mother-in-law to him even after he treated my daughter so badly. The only thing I wish for is for him to leave us in peace”.
The days go by a lot better now that Pary is back at her parents with her beloved child Shirin. Shirin has started to walk a few steps now. She has also begun to utter some simple words like mom and dad. Despite it all, Shirin is a petulant and rowdy child. To look after her is no easy task.
The reason for Shirin’s behaviour lies in the unhealthy environment she got to live in as a baby. Masoud’s relentless verbal and physical aggression toward Pary and even Shirin has left traces in Shirin’s psyche. That is the reason Shirin is often restless and irksome. She sulks almost all the time over everything. It takes a lot of time and energy to deal with Shirin.
36
After the divorce, Pary’s life has become all about Shirin. She spends all her time with Shirin. Yet, she cannot help but worry about Masoud all the time. Something tells her that he is not quite finished with her. At times, she finds herself wondering what she would do if he comes back. She worries what would happen if he tries to take her baby. If that ever happens, she would have nothing to live for. She is terrified just thinking about a day like that. If faced with such a horrendous situation, the only way out of that for her would be to take her own life. She cannot live without Shirin.
Aunt Maryam comes regularly to visit them. She has a lot of sympathy for Pary and Shirin; as well, she always has some news about Masoud for them. She keeps reassuring Pary that Masoud is heavily involved with his new life and is not going to cause any trouble for her.
“You know Pary, Masoud had a big and expensive wedding. He has also moved into a new house and lives alone with Nahid. His mom lives by herself now. Nahid did not agree to living with her mother-in-law under the same roof. With Nahid’s permission, he gives his mom a monthly allowance. Nahid has insisted on living with Masoud alone. He has also promised to visit his mom only once a week. Masoud’s mom and sister are not allowed to go over for a visit since Nahid has no interest in playing host to Masoud’s family. Moreover, Nahid never goes over to visit Alieh as she wants nothing to do with her. One time, Alieh had insisted on inviting them over for dinner. All she got was Nahid’s frowned face. It’s interesting that Nahid has told Alieh not to bother them and not to ever meddle in their lives. Nahid has been quick to remind Alieh of their struggle to be with each other. Therefore, they have no time for anyone else. 
I have also heard that Alieh wonders how Nahid went from liking her in the beginning to now treating her like that after getting what she wanted namely, her son”.
“Aunt Maryam, why . . .”
“Listen girl! Nahid has told Alieh that she doesn’t want to end up the same way you did because of her. Do you get it Pary? Nahid is scared that her mother-in-law will do the same thing to her as she did to you.
Nevertheless, it seems that Alieh has got kicked out of Masoud’s new life. Nahid has cut her out of their lives”.
Hearing all of that saddens Pary. She sighs of sorrow. She wonders why she could not have a good life with Masoud as does Nahid.
Pary still has strong feelings for Masoud. She still carries a torch for Masoud. Masoud was nonetheless, her first love, even if he is not going to be the last one. She got into that marriage out of love. She has a child with him. It is not easy to say that everything is over. Surely, Masoud was mean to her and hurt her in many ways. But everybody knows that most of what transpired was caused by his mother Alieh. She has or had huge influence on her son. Alieh was always bent on getting revenge from her ex-husband, but instead she subconsciously destroyed her son’s life. Ironically enough, she ended up ruining her own life along the way as well.
Pary reflects on how women are oppressed. But worst of all, she wonders why women hurt each other more than what men do to women. Why are women so jealous of each other than men are toward one another?!
No matter what happens to us women, it has, for the most part, something to do with the relationship between us women. The irony is that if a woman has lived a miserable life, she does not want another woman to have a happy life either.
When Alieh herself went through a rough marriage and a harsh life with her own husband, why couldn’t she learn any lessons from that and ensure she does not do the same to others, specially her son, her daughter-in-law and her grandchild.
As soon as Pary is alone, she gets into deep thoughts about everything that happened to her. What a dark life she ended up with. In Pary’s view, the only guilty party in all of that is Masoud’s mom, Alieh. Why should Shirin grow up in the grandparents’ home and not her father’s house? Why and why, Pary questions herself without finding answers.
When Pary talks with her mom or her aunt, she does not talk about every little detail in her life and everything that happened to her. She is a type of a person who always wants to be brave and never cry. Pary does not want to play on other people’s sympathy. She does not want to get any attention or empathy from those around her. She does not want to show how badly she is hurting inside for everything she lost in life, and for ending up moving back to her parents’ house. That feels like a big defeat. What is left from one’s self-confidence and self-esteem?
She is disheartened by the fact that all her dreams in life went up in smoke. And her child now, she has to grow up without her father’s presence.
Thinking about her own childhood and growing up with her parents make Pary all the more sad for Shirin who does not have the same blessing. At the same time, Pary cannot help but feel awful for having let her parents down. Parents who had such big dreams for her now have to watch her life go to waste. All her friends who are of the same age got to further their studies and look forward to a bright future ahead of them. Even those who got married and settled down got it far better than what Pary got. They are all happy one way or the other, but not Pary.
Pary thinks of her cousin who wanted to gladly marry her. She feels sad that her mother did not agree to that marriage before Pary dug her own grave. If she had got married to aunt Maryam’s son, maybe she would have had a better and happier life. Maybe she could have had what Nahid has now with Masoud.
37
Days come and go. The only thing Pary can do is to delve into her sad thoughts and make herself more depressed without being able to do something about that.
Bagheri has been noticing how Pary has been. He is well aware of what goes on in her head. He sees the blank look on Pary’s face, her sad demeanor and the black rings under her eyes. He is consumed by anger but cannot reveal his true feelings. One day, however, he opens up to his wife and talks to her.
“It would be nice for Pary to start going to school again. At least to get her high school diploma”.
“We should talk to her about that”.
So, the parents talk to Pary to see what she thinks about their idea. To their dismay, however, Pary rejects the idea and uses Shirin as an excuse of why she will not be able to go through with that.
“Pary that’s no excuse for not going to school. You know that we can take care of our grandchild. You can even take the evening classes and finish high school. What do you know! Maybe you can even get into the university after that. Don’t worry yourself about Shirin. We’re still capable of doing things”.
“What do you mean Mom? What are we? You and Dad can’t manage anymore. You have enough with your own health issues. Look at you, you have a bad back. Or Dad, who’s got heart problems. You really think you can look after a two-year-old child?”
“My daughter, I know what you think of your father. But I’m not disabled or anything. The heart problem has not forced me to be bedridden. Your mother is also still on her feet and can take care of a thing or two. We’re not as old as you think not to be able to look after Shirin. You don’t have to worry about that. The only thing you should do is to start school, and we take care of the rest. Don’t worry about a thing. We can even hire a babysitter for Shirin. I’m not planning to take my money to grave with me.
We’re saying all of that because we want you to be happy. Your future is more important to me than money or anything else. With better education, you would have a better possibility to take care of your child while at the same time, stand on your own feet”.
Aunt Maryam has been there all along and listening quietly to the family discussion. She is very happy to hear that Marzieh and Bagheri are trying to encourage Pary to go back to school.
“Dear Pary, don’t worry! I have also told your mom that I’m here to lend a hand and help take care of Shirin as well. My dear Pary, I know I’m just your aunt, but you have always been like a daughter to me. I also want to be of some help so that you get your high school diploma”.
After a lot of shillyshallying and despite Pary’s efforts to be evasive, she is finally convinced by all to take evening courses to finish her high school. In order to get her diploma, she needs to study the last year of high school.
38
The first days of school were not, or rather did not seem to be easy for Pary. Aside from the fact that she had to leave Shirin at home, she felt bored. The same thing was going on at home with Shirin. She became restless in those first days when her mother was not around. But after a few days, things started to fall into place and everyone got used to their new routine. Pary’s parents and aunt kept up their promise to look after Shirin.
In the evenings and after Shirin was asleep, Pary would sit and do her homework. Sometimes late at nights, Marzieh would get up to see if the light is still on in Pary’s room. If so, she would warm up a glass of milk and take it to Pary’s room along with some cookies to help her get her energy up for studying.
Everything seems to be going right. Life seems to be normal again with a few exceptions. Pary goes on with her studies. Shirin grows bigger with every passing day.
Sometimes, Pary shows Shirin pictures of Masoud.
“Shirin, do you know who this is?”
“Pappa!”
“Where is he dear?”
“He’s out buying cookies!”
“When is he coming?”
“Tomorrow”.
Such exchanges are routine between Pary and Shirin, something that others do not like much. Marzieh is one of them who shows her dislike about Pary’s little talks with Shirin.
“Don’t do that. She might never see her father again!”
“That’s exactly why I do this Mom. I don’t want her to feel fatherless and feel horrible about that when she grows up”.
“Sure, but what if she grows up without a father? If she then asks you about her father at that point, what are you going to tell her?”
“I’ll tell her that her father died in a car accident. But at least then, she would have an idea of how her father looked like by seeing these pictures”.
39
Days go by on a fast pace, one after another. Life carries on its journey toward a destination that destiny has determined. Pary is now getting ready for the university entrance exam. Life moves forward as usual. But nothing could give Pary any peace of mind. She seems worried about the unexpected all the time. She feels a constant sadness and loneliness. She still thinks about Masoud and her one-sided and unsuccessful love story.
At the same time, she lives in a constant fear that one day Masoud will show up and take Shirin with him. That is a thought that troubles her constantly. What is she going to do then? Given the stress she has over that, she sometimes goes crazy. She gets in a very bad mood when she is preoccupied with such thoughts. That is when she loses her self-control and screams at everyone even at Shirin.
Her parents are not fond of her screaming, but there is nothing they can do for her.
Pary works hard before taking the entrance exam. Her father is elated that his daughter will be starting university soon. He is hopeful that his dreams for her are finally going to come true.
Her parents and her aunt are talking up a storm when Pary walks in the room. Aunt Maryam becomes silent. Pary gets curious and wants to know what they were talking about.
“What are you gossiping about?! Why did you stop talking when I came in the room? Were you talking about me?”
“No dear, your parents and I were talking about life in general”.
“So, why did you become quiet when I showed up? Why not continue? I wouldn’t mind listening to that”.
“The truth my dear is that your aunt was telling us about Masoud, and we were just listening”.
“So why stop? There’s no need for hush-hush. No matter what, Masoud is my father’s child. He’s no stranger!”
“You’re right. I was just telling your mom and dad that Masoud’s wife, Nahid, has been once again unsuccessful in getting pregnant. So far, they have been to the doctor many times, but nothing seems to work. She has tried different medications, but still nothing. Now the doctor believes that the problem is due to her ovaries and she should go for a surgery.
Nahid is desperate to have a child with Masoud”.
“What’s so special about Masoud that she would want to have a child with him? I don’t get it. My daughter got her life ruined because of him and now, his second wife is desperate to have a child with him!!!”
“Mom, it’s only natural. Masoud is her husband anyway. Maybe Nahid loves Masoud more than we can imagine. She also must have gained a different perspective in life. Because from what I remember back in the hospital, Nahid told her best friend Mahnaz that she absolutely hates having children. I was indeed in the same room as them and heard that with my own ears”.
“Were you in love with him when you got pregnant my daughter?! I don’t think that you ...”
“OK enough Marzieh! We shouldn’t be arguing with each other over Masoud and Nahid not being able to conceive. Is there nothing else to talk about? Maryam, I beg you not to rub salt into the wound by telling us the latest news about Masoud. We want to know neither about him nor anything that has to do with him. It’s been the same old story for years now. That bastard has been the daily topic of our conversations nonstop. Let us forget about him and move on!”
“Dad, it doesn’t matter what you think or say. Even if you forget him. Even if we pretend to have forgotten him, can I really do that or want to do that. Regardless of what you think or how you feel, I have my Shirin to think about. She has to know who her father is”.
“How stupid can you women be? The more someone degrades you, the more you love that person. It makes no difference what he has done to you and your child, you turn a blind eye, just because you love him. Think about that my daughter! Think hard! Don’t think so low of yourself! What difference does it make if Shirin knows who her so-called father is?! Would that make her proud? What is she going to say to her friends about her dad? That my father used to beat my mom up? Or that he threw us out on the account of another woman? A father who wants nothing to do with his child is not even human. Not only he never gave you anything Pary, he also destroyed your life. He put you down, took away your self-confidence, impacted your health, broke your heart, and abandoned you with a child. I the interim, he is sitting pretty, having a great time, without any remorse for what he did to you and your life. For goodness’ sake daughter, think a little about yourself! Forget that dreadful love!”
Pary feels like crying. She already knew everything that her father reminded her of. At any rate, she tries to keep her composure and listen to her father’s lecture. Marzieh feels upset, but she does not want to get involved in the conversation. Seeing how sensitive the situation has become, aunt Maryam decides that it is best to leave. Therefore, she gets up and bids farewell for the day.
Aunt Maryam did not get a chance to tell her sister and her family the main piece of the news. She is afraid of how to tell them what Masoud is planning to do. She knows that their lives will turn into a living hell, when they find out about Masoud’s evil plans.
40
After much effort, things do go well for Pary with the university entrance exam and she gets accepted into the field of medicine. Now it is the beginning of a new era. All that is required is for her to keep hard at it and not lose heart. The first year of medical school is tough. Specially when she has a kid to look after too. Regardless of how much help she gets from her parents and her aunt, she still needs to be involved with Shirin. Particularly now that Shirin has grown up to be an unruly kid instead of that little baby who just wanted to play and get others’ attention. Now, she needs constant supervision.
At Bagheri’s place, they have hired a middle-aged woman as a babysitter to take care of Shirin and also to help with household chores. Marzieh is back at the hospital due to the pain in her back that has flared up again. She is going for a surgery on her back for the second time, something that scares her beyond belief. Aunt Maryam is at the hospital visiting her sister.
“Maryam, I hope I don’t become disabled or paralyzed. Otherwise my Pary won’t be able to carry on with her studies. With a kid to take care of, she won’t be able to manage going to school”.
“Stop Sister! First and foremost, you should be concentrating on your own health. Everything is going to work out. You’re going to make yourself sicker if you think like that. God will keep everyone safe. I’m here for you and will give Pary a hand. Don’t worry!”
“If god was to keep us safe and was so powerful, we would have not gone through so much suffering in this hell”.
“When are they going to operate on you Sis?”
“I don’t know. The doctor is going to let me know today. But I’m sure that the pain is caused mostly by the stress in our lives. Every time I look at my daughter, my heart aches. It’s hard to see your child having such a horrific life. How her life was wasted. It’s even worse for my grandchild. Sure, everybody argues that it was Pary’s own fault to fall in love with that punk. But how was she to know what kind of a freak he was? None of us knew who they were. We were just happy that he was an educated man. That he was soon going to be an engineer. That was enough for us. Little we knew, he turned out to be like this. I guess it’s true that money and education have no bearings on one’s character”.
“Sis, rest a little bit! What’s done is done! Nothing can change what’s happened. It’s been four years since your family was hit by that calamity, and all you can do is to accept the facts and move on. At least, be happy that Pary is in school now and is making something of her life. Who knows, one day she could become someone great. Then, everything else will be a faded memory”.
“Maryam, you don’t know. Deep down inside, I’m worried. I can’t stop the horrible thoughts that come to my mind. I don’t trust Masoud. I don’t think he’s going to leave us alone. He is an awful creature. I don’t know if he’s going to let Pary live her life with Shirin in peace and quiet. If they didn’t have a kid together, it would have been a different story. But as you know, when two people have a child together, they will be a part of each other’s life forever. It is that link between those two that causes problems”.
“You know what I think? I think Masoud and Nahid are going to have kids together. Then, you can relax. Everything hinges upon them having their own child, then, you’ll be free of him for good. But now you should get some rest. You have a surgery coming up. I’ll come visit you tomorrow”.
41
Nahid and Masoud sit and wait anxiously at the doctor’s office. They are supposed to get the result of the operation today. Nahid holds Masoud’s hand tightly. Her heart beats hard in her chest. She thinks to herself:
“Oh, what if I can’t bear children? I’ll die of sorrow then. Why did this have to happen to me? Masoud has a child. There’s nothing wrong with him. It is me then. I’m the missing link. It is puzzling. If I can't carry Masoud’s child, everyone will think that god has avenged me for ruining Pary’s life and making her kid fatherless. That it serves me right for tearing their family apart and taking Masoud away from them”.
She then turns to Masoud and asks him:
“Masoud don’t you think that Pary has cursed us that we suffer like this?”
“Nahid, what kind of a thought is that? This is not like you. You are too well-educated and too sophisticated to believe in superstition. That kind of thinking belongs to people who are illiterate and don’t know any better”.
The doctor calls Nahid and Masoud in. Both of them are now even more nervous since it is time to find out the truth. They step into the doctor’s office. Nahid can hardly control herself. She wants to know the answer and get it over with. The doctor asks her how she feels. Nahid tells the doctor that she is riddled with anxiety. That she is so worried that she has lost her appetite”.
“You have to cope with the situation and be brave Nahid”.
“Doctor tell me, what was the result of my test? Please say it”.
“Unfortunately, I have to inform you that the result was negative. You can’t have children. I’m sorry”.
They both go white in the face. Like air going out of a balloon, their faces start to droop. Nahid shakes with disappointment. She turns her head away from the doctor and bursts into tears. Masoud is not feeling any better, but he has to comfort Nahid. At least, he knows that he does have a kid already. So the fact that Nahid cannot give him a child is not a big deal. They will think of something.
The doctor tries to console Nahid and tells her:
“This is nothing. This is not the end of the world. You can adopt a child. There are many kids in this world who don’t have parents. Also, there are those who can’t afford to have kids so they put their child up for adoption. You can also visit an orphanage to . . .”
“Yes doctor, my wife and I will think of something. But are you certain about the test results? Have you done everything that can be done? Is there nothing else we can do? What if we go abroad and seek medical care there?”
“We have done everything that is available to us in modern medicine. You can even check with the other hospitals. There’s nothing else we can do. Too bad!”
Feeling upset, frustrated and drained, the two of them leave the hospital. Nahid is deep in her thoughts as she cries. Masoud stops at a jewelry store on their way home. He takes Nahid into the store and buys her a beautiful, expensive diamond ring. He kisses Nahid.
“My dearest, don’t be sad. I’m more than happy to have you as my wife, regardless. What difference does it make to have or not to have a kid? I want you”.
“I know Masoud, I’m also happy that you’re my husband. But if we had a child in our lives, it would have been so much better. It would have felt different. All women want to satisfy their desire to be a mother and feel proud. That’s the way that women see themselves as complete and whole”.
“That’s where you’re wrong Nahid. My darling, in my eyes you’re already perfect. I only want to have you and only you. Besides, you saw me and Pary having a child and I didn’t even want her. Did the child change anything in our lives and bring us closer to each other?!”
“If your family gets you to think differently later, and claim that your wife can’t have children. And if they tell you that it’s best if you divorce your wife, what are you going to do then?”
“My life is none of their business. It’s nobody’s business how we live. We are the only ones who count, no one else. I have chosen you. I want to be with you and no one can influence me. They have no right to get involved in our lives. I won’t even let anyone say one word about you. The hell with others!”
“Masoud what do you say if we adopt a child? That . . .”
“You know what? I really don’t like children. Deep down inside, I have no desire to have children at all. As you can see! I did not even want my own child. Should I now go and adopt one? Someone else’s child who, god knows, what his or her background is? A child who we have no idea where his or her parents are?”
“What’s wrong with that? We raise the child. Specially, if it’s a young child, we can raise him or her the way we want”.
“No dear. Forget the adoption centres and strangers’ kids . . . By the way, I have an idea. What do you think of having Shirin come live with us? That’s something you wanted in the beginning and now you can get to raise her”.
“Sure, but that was when she was a baby. But now she’s three years old. That will be difficult. She already knows who her mother is”.
“So what, that’s not a big deal. She can think of it as if her mother was dead. What was she going to do in that case then?”
“No matter what, Shirin has already got used to her family. She feels at home there with them. She knows who they are and that . . .”
“Don’t worry about that. Don’t let anything bother you! I’m going to take care of things. Generally speaking, I don’t want my kid to grow up and be with somebody else but us”.
“What am I? I’m also a stranger. At least now, she is with her own mother”.
“Yes, but from now on, she is going to be with her father instead. You’re not a stranger at all either. You’re my wife and you live with me. Then, you can take care of her like her mom. As you said once to me, if you love me, you’ll love my child too! So, now is when that counts the most”.
Masoud drives to Pary’s home. He parks the car somewhere close to the house. 
“Sit in the car Nahid. I’ll be back soon!”
“Where are you going Masoud?”
“I’m going to have a chat with Pary”.
“Masoud it’s too soon right now. Let us think things through and then . . .”
“No, the sooner, the better”.
42
Pary has just arrived from the university. She is tired and about to eat something. Pary tells the babysitter, Kobra, to go home.
“Miss Kobra, you can go home now. I’m here. My dad is going to come home from the hospital anytime now and watch the baby so I can go visit my mom”.
Kobra packs her stuff.
“Miss Pary, give my regards to Miss Marzieh. I hope she gets better soon and come home. I will, one day, go visit her in the hospital”.
“You don’t have to do that. She’s going for the surgery today and soon she’ll be home. Don’t trouble yourself”.
Shirin is sleeping. Pary eats while she thinks back at her life, all the misery, pain, and hardship that she has endured so far and that she has put her family through. She thinks of the baby she brought into this world who is growing up without a father.
What an uncertain future she has to look forward to. Destiney has unfairly turned her world upside down. Pary is deep in thoughts when the doorbell rings.
“That’s probably dad who forgot to take his keys with him”.
She goes slowly and listlessly to the door and opens the door. Masoud appears as the door swings open. Pary is shocked. Her heart starts to pound. The blood rushes faster here and there in her body. She suddenly has a strong feeling of unease coming over her. She is white as a ghost. She cannot talk. She stutters. She does not know what to say. It seems like her brain is frozen.
Finally, she musters all the courage she has and says:
“What do you want?”
“I want to see my kid”.
“After two years?”
“What’s the difference? She’s my child too regardless of whether it has been two or ten years”.
“Didn’t we agree that I don’t ask for child support, and you leave Shirin and me alone?”
“Girl, it seems that you haven’t learned your lessons yet. What law is going to take my child away from me, ha? Are you stupid or what?!!!”
“In recent years when you were living blissfully and having fun, you never once thought of your child and her upbringing. Now suddenly, you want to play the role of a father and be a father figure in her life?”
“I have always had the intention to do so, but I was busy recovering. Don’t you remember how you put me through so much that I became ill? Right now I feel sick just standing here and talking to you. I’m starting to get a headache and . . .”
“Masoud, why is it always you who feels maltreated and hard done-by? You carry on always like you’re the innocent party. You have done what you wanted. You have hurt me a thousand times. Now it seems you have got some sort of order in your life. Why do you want to deprive me of the same thing? What is it you want now? What are you up to? You want to screw up my life again? Haven’t I suffered enough already? After two, long years, you show up out of the blue and instead of behaving, you’re obnoxious and want to pick a fight with me”.
“I want to see my child I said, which part of it was hard for you to understand? I want to see Shirin, is it too much to ask?”
“She’s asleep right now. Come in and sit down until she wakes up”.
“Go, wake her up! I don’t have time to sit and wait”.
“If I wake her now, she will get cranky and start to cry. Tell me something. Why have you now all of a sudden started to miss your child?”
“I have my reasons. You’ll soon find out. But now, I want you to go and wake her up. I want to see her. Nahid is in the car and I must soon be on my way. She can’t sit long in the car and wait for me”.
“You could have called ahead of time and come when the baby was up. By the way, haven’t you guys got your own baby?”
“Not yet. Why? Is that something for you to be glad about?”
“No, what gladness? What difference does that make in my life? My family and I have, nonetheless, had the pleasure of having a souvenir from your first dynasty in our circles. Therefore, we are free from all worries and concerns”.
Pary is on the verge of tears. It is just at that moment that she can understand how deeply she hates Masoud and his family. Because of that, she worries that one day, she will have the same perception and feeling toward Shirin.
A few seconds go in silence between them.
“Where does Shirin sleep? I’m going to go and see her”.
“She is in her own room”.
“Good thing my child has a got a room of her own in this zoo”.
“Masoud what have you got against me? Why are you so patronizing when it comes to me? You still have got your offensive and degrading attitude toward me. What pain have I caused you? You have got your dreams while you have ruined my life with leaving me with a baby. What more do you want from me?”
“Don’t you worry old woman! I will soon rid you of you misery”.
Pary’s heart drops. She is speechless. She sees her life flashing before her eyes. She is totally taken aback.
“What, what? What was it you, you said?!”
“Exactly as you heard. She is my child too. I have the right to take her with me”.
“For heaven’s sake, what is it you’re saying Masoud? Have you lost your mind? What is going on now? God, what am I supposed to do with you and the cruel games you play with other people’s lives”?
“Nothing is going on. I saw that you have started school and are fully busy with making your father’s dreams come true. Therefore I thought that you must be short of time to take care of Shirin. So to ease your burden, I’m going to take care of her so that you can, in peace, become the future doctor. I take my child under my roof. She is going to grow up at his father’s, not with a babysitter or his sick grandparents”.
While they argue, Shirin’s voice can be heard from her room. Masoud turns to Pary and says:
“It seems she is up now. Get her!”
“OK, but come in! Don’t stand out there on the street”.
“Why not? Get her, I said”.
Pary goes absent-mindedly and with shaky knees to the room to get Shirin, but she is scared out of her mind. She thinks Masoud will surely kidnap Shirin. She wishes most of all that right that minute, her father makes it home while there is still time. She is afraid that Masoud will take advantage of the fact that she is alone and cannot stand up to him.
“God help me! What should I do? God, make it so that my father comes home soon before Masoud can think of something. You know I cannot fight him, please help me!”
When Pary comes in the room, she sees that Shirin is sitting up in her bed, playing with her dolls. She takes her in her arms and heads toward Masoud.
Masoud has now stepped inside the house. He is standing by the door with his arms wide open ready to hold Shirin that all of a sudden, the door opens and Bagheri comes in.
His face goes into a knot as soon as he sees Masoud there.
“What in the hell are you doing here?”
“I have come to see my child”.
“What? Did you hit your head somewhere to have suddenly remembered that you have a kid?!”
“I have always been thinking about her. I was just waiting for the right time. I was biding my time as they say”.
“Were you waiting until your honeymoon was over?”
Masoud is apathetic and unresponsive to Bagheri’s comments. He walks over to Pary and takes the baby from her. Shirin is confused. Who is this new face? She feels uncomfortable in a stranger’s arms. It is normal for kids to show their discomfort by resorting to crying.
“Is she still sulky and fastidious?
“No Masoud, she doesn’t want to be in the arms of strangers”.
“I see! I’m not a stranger. I’m his father”.
In an angry tone, Bagheri says:
“Sure, but you know, dear ex son-in-law, since she has seen you so often and interacted with you so much, it seems she has had enough for now”.
“Never you mind Bagheri! In future she’s going to see a lot of her father. Pary come over here!”
“Shirin come my dear, come to pappa. We’re going to go and buy candies, come sweetie!”
Pary is filled with hate and agony. She remembers how pigheaded she was with her mother when she advised her not to show Masoud’s pictures to Shirin. Pary regrets not having listened to her mother. Now that Shirin recognizes her father, what can she do if he takes her home with him? Nothing!”
“Pary, you hear me, hello where are you? Why are you acting so spaced out? Give me the kid”.
Masoud takes the kid in his arms again and gives her a kiss.
“Sweetie, should we go buy candies?”
Shirin seems to be a bit calmer now. She smiles at Masoud’s different gestures and tricks that she thinks are funny. She goes along with his father’s suggestion and agrees to go with him and buy candies.
“O.K. little one, put your arms around my neck and we go buy candies”.
Shirin puts her arms around her father’s neck.
“Can Daddy have a kiss on the cheek sweetie?”
Shirin, who seems to have definitely recognized her father, kisses her father on the cheek.
“Should we go buy candies now?”
Pary, who seems to have just snapped out of the state of shock she was in, suddenly, rushes over and grabs Shirin from Masoud.
“OK Masoud, that’s enough for today. Now you have seen enough of your child for one day. You can go now. She is three years old and you don’t have to talk to her like a small baby. Didn’t you say Nahid is waiting in the car? Go then!”
“Sure, I’ll go now. But I’ll be back soon. I have a right to visit my child, if not more”.
“You have, but as I remember it, you gave up that right when we went to the court”.
“As the child’s grandfather, I was there that day too and I witnessed that. The reason was so that Pary would not ask you for any child support or alimony. So, you have given up the right to see the child. Have you forgotten that fella?”
“Nope mister, but I have the law on my side. I can restore my right to gain custody of my child”.
Of course since Masoud’s new father-in-law is a judge, Masoud thinks he can ask him to pull some strings so that the matter can be settled in his favour.
Masoud has said what he wanted to say, so, he turns around and walks out the door without saying another word.
43
Nahid has been waiting anxiously in the car.
“What took you so long? I was panicking that you guys must have got into fight or something. I was about to come and look for you”.
“No, no, no problems. Do you think she dares standing up to me? She knows what I will do to her if she ever tries that with me. Good thing she has already got a lot of thrashing from me, so, she knows very well what I will do to anyone who dares to be nasty to me. But right now, it was her father who stuck his nose in my business. For that, I am going to have to teach him a lesson”.
“He was home?”
“Nope, but like a ghost, he suddenly appeared from nowhere”.
“Tell me, did you see the child?”
“Yes, but she was asleep at first, so, it took a while. I had to wait for her to wake up. She’s a really sweet child. She came right over and let me hug her”.
It felt like a knife cut through Nahid’s heart. She got the feeling that despite Masoud’s claim to the contrary, he seems to be very fond of kids. By pretending otherwise, he is just trying to comfort her and ease her pain. A profound sense of envy grabs a hold of Nahid. She feels hopeless for not being able to have kids. Deep down, she hates the whole world and curses her fate for that. On the surface, however, she must mask her true feelings and pretend to be happy for Masoud’s sake.
“Well, what are your plans then?”
“Nothing! I must visit the child a couple more times first. Once she is more comfortable with me, then I will make my move and take her”.
44
There is a sense of melancholy at Pary’s place. It is plain to see the heightened sense of fear and worry in Pary’s face.
Pary leaves Shirin with her father and says:
“Dad, I got to go and visit Mom”.
“Listen, don’t say anything to her about Masoud. This is not a good time for discussing that with her. We should wait until she comes home”.
“I’ll do my best Dad”.
Marzieh is lying in bed at the hospital, looking tired and frail. When Pary walks in, she opens her eyes and smiles.
“How are you my daughter?”
“Just fine Mom. How about you?”
“So-so, I feel numb in half of my body. It must be the effects of the medications”.
“When are they letting you go?”
“No idea. The doctor will tell me tomorrow”.
“By the way, is it the last operation or you’re going to need more later?”
“I don’t know. We’ll know once we get the result of this surgery”.
Marzieh, like all mothers, has a feeling that there is something going on with Pary, especially given her questions. She looks at Pary and asks her:
“What is it? Has anything happened? Why do you look so down?”
“No, it’s nothing. I’m just tired and have a lot of homework to do”.
“How’s Shirin?”
“She’s also well and misses you”.
Pary wants nothing more than to talk to her mom and tell her everything. But her father’s request is at the back of her head, so, she tries not to reveal anything 
“Mom, where is aunt Maryam?”
“She went home. She was very tired. The poor thing has dropped everything to help us instead”.
Relying on the motherly intuition, Marzieh suspects that something is wrong with Pary. She has a very good sixth sense.
“Pary, what is it? Has anything happened? You look worried. I can see it in your face. Is there something you want to tell me? Has anything happened to Shirin?”
“No Mom. Why would you think that? There’s no reason for you to be worried about. If there was something going on, I would have told you. Oh, I should be on my way. Visiting hours are almost over. I have got a lot to do at home. Dad is tired and Shirin can be quite a handful. I’ll see you later Mom. Get some rest, bye!”
She kisses her mom and in order not to worry her more, she rushes out in a big hurry. Besides, there was not much time left for the visiting hours to be over.
45
Masoud goes for his regular visits at his mom’s. This time when he is at his mom’s, he tells her about his plans. She gets curious so she asks a pile of questions.
“What are you going to do Masoud? What are you saying now?”
“As I told you just now, I’ve decided that Shirin is going to live with me. She’s my child too”.
“What is Nahid saying about that?”
“It’s for her sake I’m doing that, otherwise I’m not fond of children myself. I really have no interest in having children around”.
“If Nahid could have children, then you would have been forced to . . . .”
“Mom, hold your horses! First of all, that wasn’t up to her. It was not meant to be. Second of all, I don’t like you to use that tone of voice when you talk about Nahid. I don’t want her to become sadder if, by chance, your words ever get back to her. Because as you can understand, if that ever happens, I won’t be able to come visit y ou anymore. Right now, you get to see me at least once a week. You cross her, and there would be no visits whatsoever”.
“I think it’s true that what goes around comes around. Good old Pary!”
“How is it that you’re taking Pary’s side?! Now you have become her ally?”
“No son, at least when she was your wife and my daughter-in-law, we all lived under the same roof, so, I wasn’t this alone. But now, like a prisoner, I have to wait for my visiting privileges to see you once a week and for what, for a maximum of one hour”.
“Mom, you only have yourself to blame. Remember how mean you were to Pary? How you badmouthed her every opportunity you got? Have you forgotten what kind of a hell you used to put her through? So, Nahid didn’t want to go through the same thing. She got the picture, once she saw how you treated your first daughter-in-law. She is smart enough not to let you make her life a living hell. You turned my previous married life into ashes. Playing the role of a prison-guard, who complains to the warden about a prisoner, ended up working to your own detriment as well. You went on all the time about how Pary did this and Pary did that. Look at how things are now. At any rate, you now have your peace, and we have our married life intact. Moreover, I take care of you as all other men do for their mothers. You’re also not doing so badly financially. I pay . . .”
Alieh starts to cry. She is hurt by what Masoud thinks of her and how he sees her. She swears at Masoud and curses him.
“I hope one day Masoud, god takes my revenge from you for the way you treat me. My life was ruined exactly because of you. As someone who sacrificed her life so that you could become somebody, I have to sit here now like a lackey and be treated by you like a second-class citizen”.
Masoud is not bothered the least bit by what his mother said or the way things went. He just gets up and gets out of the house. He leaves Alieh alone.
46
Aunt Maryam is over for a visit. Marzieh has been released from the hospital and is resting at home now.
“How are you doing Marzieh?”
“I’ve been better”.
“By any chance, have you heard from Masoud?”
“I’m waiting for the day I hear he is dead. But, no, not yet. I have no idea what he told Pary the last time he was here. Since then, she has been a nervous-wreck and all too quiet. She is not looking well. No matter how many times I ask her what seems to be troubling her, she does not answer. I have asked her point-blank to tell me what Masoud said to her. But she still would not say a thing”.
“Insofar as I know Sis, which is what my son’s colleague has told him, Masoud is busy buying children clothes, toys, and so forth. He is also setting up a baby-room. I don’t know how much you know, but the room is meant to be for Shirin. I believe, he’s thinking of taking Shirin to live with him”.
“God knows what he’s planning for Pary. You know, I am scared out of my mind. I’m worried that he’s going to do something to her”.
“No, don’t let fear overcome you. I’ll pray that everything will be alright”.
“How Maryam? The way it looks, it’s just getting worse and worse. I was happy that at least now Pary is busy with school and lives a quasi-normal life. I was happy that she has, finally, got a little bit of peace and tranquility in her life. But once again, everything is about to crumble right before my eyes”.
“Don’t worry! God is great and powerful. He will help us”.
“How naïve you are Sister! Whether god is great or not, what difference does that make? Perhaps he’s great for others and not for us”.
“Marzieh don’t say things like that about god! Think about yourself and your family!”
Shirin is asleep and Pary is doing her homework. Marzieh comes to Pary’s room. She has made tea for her.
“How is my daughter doing? I thought you might be a little tired so I made you tea. Take a sip! It calms your nerves. Why are you so sad though? You look depressed, why? I want you to tell me, if there’s something going on. I’m your mother”.
“Mom, I’m just tired. I’ve got a lot of studying, and you know, I am not enjoying it”.
“Are you upset with me or your dad?”
“No, not at all. Why should I be? You haven’t done anything. No Mom, it has nothing to do with you guys”.
“Has Masoud said anything? My dear, for heaven’s sake, tell me! I’m worried sick. I have enough of my own problems and pains, but to see you in distress is killing me”.
“No Mom, don’t you worry yourself. Everything is going to be alright soon and you can take a breath”.
“For the love of god, what are you saying Pary?”
“I didn’t say anything strange. Just wait a few days and you’ll see. Then, everything is going to work out”.
It felt strange and at the same time scary. There is something in Pary’s tone of voice. Something awkward that made Marzieh even more concerned. Is she losing her mind? Is she on the verge of a nervous breakdown? Marzieh’s voice trembles of fear.
“Pary please, say what it is! You’re scaring me. What kind of talk is that?”
“Nothing Mom, don’t be scared! I haven’t said anything. Go get some rest now. You’re still not feeling well and you need to rest. I also have to finish my homework”.
47
The next morning, Marzieh wakes up feeling tired and lethargic. It is almost like she has not been able to sleep well, but she has to get up and get on with her daily chores. She comes out of the bedroom and sees Bagheri playing with Shirin.
“How are you feeling my dear after your operation? Are you any better?”
“No, not really. I didn’t sleep well last night. On one hand, it was the physical pain, and on the other, it was Pary’s strange and frightening talk that kept me up most of the night.”
“What has Pary said?”
“The way I see it, she seemed down like the entire world has collapsed around her. In a peculiar manner, she mentioned that soon everything will be alright and we won’t have to worry any longer”.
“Why would she say that?”
“Not a clue. All I know is that she has not been herself since the day Masoud showed up here, and then when she got the only and last telephone call from him later on. She has changed so much that I really don’t recognize her. Her behaviour strikes me as odd. The way she talks is ambiguous and she seems to feel worse than before”.
Marzieh picks up Shirin in her arms and gives her a kiss.
“Despite the fact that I love this child to pieces, I still believe that she would have been better off if she did not have a child with that man. Then maybe she could have remarried and got her life together. This child is going to be a part of her life forever; something that would affect her future most of all”.
“Right, but don’t let it bother you so much! When she’s back from school, I’ll have a talk with her. I will ask her what is going on”.
Right then, the door opens and Pary comes in.
“Pary you’re home so early?”
“Yes, I had a headache and weren’t able to stay. I thought I come home and rest a bit”.
Pary goes closer to Shirin and takes her from her mom’s arms. She holds her tight in her arms and goes to her room. Marzieh wants to follow her, but Bagheri stops her.
“Let her be! She needs to rest a little and be with her baby. Maybe she feels better afterward. Then, we can talk to her”.
48
At Masoud’s place, he and Nahid are busy decorating and setting up Shirin’s room. Masoud places dolls in different spots around the room.
“Nahid, darling, what do you think? Starting from tomorrow, we’re going to have a little, sweet girl in our home. Then, our sorrow for not having a kid will be over. Think, we hold her hand and we take her to the park. We go on Ferris-wheel rides with her. Buy ice-cream for her. We’re all going to play together when we are at home. We’re going to make her feel at home and have fun. She’s going to get to know us well and start to love us. Once she’s used to us, then we’ll think of a daycare for her. It’s going to be a lot of fun, don’t you think?”
Masoud speaks warmly about how cool and exciting it is going to be. Nahid, however, is quiet and listens sorrowfully to him. In fact, she is not even listening to him; rather, she is in her own thoughts. Thoughts that are taking root in her mind. “Think if Masoud had not married Pary and they did not have a child together. Think if I could bear children. Then there would have been no reason for us to bring another woman’s child into our home. I have no feelings toward that child. Think if it had not taken so long for my father to come around, which led to Masoud going ahead with another marriage. Naturally, Pary loves her child, but I don’t love that child. Moreover, Shirin can cause the bond between her biological parents to become stronger. Maybe Masoud would leave me one day due to the fact that I can’t give him a child. Maybe he would even go back to Pary and remarry her. Pary is, nevertheless, the mother of his child”.
These thoughts keep going round and round in Nahid’s mind. She feels like crying. She is not able to hold the tears back.
Masoud is still babbling on without noticing anything. When he is finally finished talking about all his fantasies about a wonderful life with his child Shirin, he turns around to Nahid to see what she thinks of everything. To his surprise, Nahid has disappeared from the room.
“Nahid, Nahid, where are you? Darling, where are you?”
He goes around looking in every room for her.
Nahid is in the bathroom washing away the tears from her face.
“Honey, what happened? How are you doing dear? Have you been crying? Why? What for?”
Masoud wipes Nahid’s face dry, gives her a hug and comforts her.
“What is it my beautiful wife? You don’t want to tell me what has made you sad dear?”
Nahid cannot keep her emotions in check anymore and bursts into tears.
“Masoud, I feel sorry for myself. Shirin is, nonetheless, your child. Do you know what I mean? You are her father. But I have no feelings for her. I only think that one day you may leave me and remarry Pary. Then, it . . .”
Masoud kisses Nahid and does not let her finish her sentence.
“A beauty like you cannot think such nonsense thoughts. Are you crazy my dear? Why should I marry Pary again? Why did I divorce her in the first place? My first marriage was a huge mistake. I got married just to get revenge from your father. In the process, I managed to ruin Pary’s life and leave her with a child. But maybe Shirin was meant to come to the world to fill the void in our lives. You don’t have to think about that. She is a child and you will get used to having her. At her age, it is easy for her to get used to us. I promise you, everything will work out. I’m going to make Pary go along with that. I will pay her however much so that she can have a good life. Who knows, she might find a nice guy, get married and have children once more. Then, she’ll forget about Shirin. You know very well that Pary hates me. So at times, I get a feeling that she even hates Shirin because she reminds her of me. Regardless, don’t get yourself upset over nothing. Everything will be fine. Tomorrow, I’m going to pick Shirin up, and then, all our worries will be over”.
“Have you told your mom that you are bringing Shirin here to live with us Masoud?”
“Yes, I have, why?”
“Nothing! I want your mom to be with you when you go to get her”.
“Why?”
“Well, I don’t want to be there and face Pary”.
“I don’t think that would be wrong. There’s nothing wrong with Pary seeing you. Moreover, I think you should be there from the beginning and be with the child so that she gets to know you as soon as possible”.
“Fine, but I still want your mom there too”.
“Sure, I’ll tell her that”.
49
That evening at Pary’s, the family is sitting down to have their dinner. Bagheri calls Pary to come to dinner.
“I’m coming Dad. You go ahead”.
At the table, Pary is very quiet. She has no appetite. Shirin is sitting on her grandfather’s lap and plays with his ears. She is fascinated by his big earlobes. She is, in a way, not letting her grandfather eat. Marzieh turns to Pary.
“My dear, why aren’t you eating?”
“I’m not hungry Mom”.
“My dear Pary, please tell us if there is something going on. Maybe we can help somehow. Nothing will be solved with silence. You make us worried when you act so secretively. Have you heard anything new from Masoud?”
Pary starts to cry. Shirin jumps off grandpa’s lap and goes over to Pary. She hugs her mother with her small hands wrapped around Pary’s neck.
“Mamma, don’t cry, laugh!”
Pary embraces her hard and starts to cry even harder. The way she is crying, she goes almost out of breath. Marzieh goes over to Pary. She gently strokes her head and kisses her.
“My daughter, you have kept us in suspense for too long. For heaven’s sake, tell us what it is that weighs so heavily on your mind. What is going on?”
“Your mother is right my dear. She and I, we are family. I’m your father. If there is something we can do, tell us. We support you no matter what. If you don’t want to tell us, do you want me to call aunt Maryam to come over? Maybe you can talk to her”.
“No Dad. No one can help me. We can’t do anything. Tomorrow, Masoud is coming to take Shirin home with him for good”.
“How do you know that? Who has said that?”
“He came to university two days ago and told me. He has set up a room for her at his place. They have got ready to have Shirin there. Since Nahid can’t have kids of her own, he wants to take Shirin. Mom, they’re just trying to torture me. I’m tired of it all. But what can I do about it?
He says that he will pay me as much money as I want, but the child has to be with her father. With the help of his father-in-law, who works in the judicial system, he has got the custody of Shirin. Due to the fact that I don’t work and have no income, and since I live here, he gets to have Shirin”.
As always, Marzieh starts to curse Masoud and all his family with any profane words that come to her mind.
“Woman, nothing will get better by cursing and using profanity. Pary, I’m your father. I don’t understand why you didn’t tell us this two days ago? Maybe we could have done something then”.
“Dad, please. What could we have done then? He works. He has money. He has contacts. Besides, the laws are on his side. You know how the law always favours men. Men have written the laws to serve their own selfish interests. We women have to always be inferior to men and suffer at their hands. We give birth to them, but we become their subordinates. It’s like bringing another tyrant into the world. We raise them, feed them, look after them, but in the end, we’re the first ones to be walked all over by them”.
“When did you say he is coming to get the child?”
“Tomorrow morning. I told him over my dead body. All he said was that my empty threats don’t mean anything to him. He said I can do whatever I want, he will still take Shirin”.
“What are you going to do now?”
“Nothing. I just want to be alone with Shirin tonight”.
Pary gets up, takes Shirin’s hand, and starts to head out of the room.
“Shirin say goodnight to grandma and grandpa!”
“Nighty-night!”
Marzieh and Bagheri kiss Shirin good night. She follows Pary and they go to their room.
“I’m really worried Bagheri. What Pary told Masoud that he can take the kid over her dead body sent chills down my spine. It terrified me beyond belief. I can only hope and pray that she doesn’t do anything to herself or the baby. She is very down”.
“No Marzieh, it’s going to be OK, Pary is not that foolish. Let’s wait and see what happens tomorrow. I’m going to talk to him. Maybe we can come to some sort of agreement”.
Pary lies in bed next to Shirin. She starts to tell her a story. The story is about a wolf and a lamb. When the farmer closes all the barn doors, but one door gets to be left open since the destiny has other plans. Do you know why the wolf got a hold of the lamb and took the lamb?! Just because one door was left open …
Like a curtain falling down at the end of a movie in a theatre, Pary envisions her own ending.
She thinks that she does not have a lot of time left. Masoud has said that he will be there early in the morning.
While she cries and curses at fate, the world, laws and regulations, and all cruel men in the world, she prepares Shirin’s milk-bottle and gives that to her, so, she can start drinking and eventually falling asleep.
She stirs the glass of water that she is holding in her other hand, drinks that, and lies next to Shirin again.
50
The dawn is about to break. It starts to get brighter. By eight o’clock in the morning, Marzieh knocks on Pary’s door and wants to come in the room.
“Pary, my daughter, get up, Masoud is here”.
She knocks at the door a couple of times, but gets no answer. Masoud, who is standing next to Marzieh, starts to lose his patience.
“This woman just wants to annoy me and nothing else”.
Bagheri is also standing at the door.
“Masoud take it easy! Don’t raise your voice. Nothing is going to get better with you yelling. She is feeling sick because of the whole ordeal”.
While they exchange words, Marzieh opens the door and walks in. Suddenly, Marzieh’s screams are heard from inside the room. Everyone quiets down for a second. As if hit by lightning, everyone stands still. When they all rush into the room, they see both Pary and Shirin lying next to each other unconscious.
Marzieh hits herself in the face and chest while swearing at anything and everything, but most of all, at Masoud. She attacks him and slaps him in the face a few times. Bagheri bangs his head against the wall and cries. Masoud turns white in the face. He is gone numb. Same goes for Alieh who is in a state of shock after walking into the room. Nahid cries and, deep inside, blames herself for not having dissuaded Masoud from carrying on with the whole thing.
Aunt Maryam and the neighbour next door go tearfully to the phone to call for an ambulance.
“You bastard, are you satisfied now? You took my daughter’s life. Did you finally achieve your goal you f…g bastard? You …”
Alieh steps forward and wants to take Masoud’s side, but Nahid tells her curtly:
“This is all your fault Alieh. You are responsible for the way things turned out. You destroyed Pary’s life”.
“If your highness could have borne children and were not barren, my son would not have had to take the child away from Pary. Do you get me? Not to mention the fact that Masoud also had dreams of living with his child and wanted her to come live with him”.
Bagheri interrupts her and says:
“At what cost Alieh? My daughter’s life? Marzieh and I only had one child Pary and that was it. Look at my daughter, is this what you meant? Ha?! At this cost, my daughter’s and my granddaughter’s lives?”
The ambulance has arrived and Pary and Shirin are immediately transported to the hospital with all the screaming and crying that goes on in the background. They all follow the ambulance to the hospital, each group in their own car.
At the emergency, everyone is anxiously waiting with teary eyes for the ER physician to inform them of the patients’ status. After an hour, which to them felt like an eternity, the doctor comes out of the examining room. He walks over to them and informs them that both patients’ chances of survival are low. He tells them that both must have ingested a large dose of sleeping pills. They have pumped out both the mother’s and child’s stomachs. Both of them are transferred to the intensive care unit.
The doctor assures the family that they will do all they can to save them. He also informs them that as a protocol, the police has been notified and is on its way. If someone wants to report anything, they can do so when the police gets there.
“Masoud, I was, from the very beginning, against the whole idea of you taking Shirin and brining her home to us. I’m telling you right now, if the child survives this, I don’t want, now or ever, to take the child away from her mother and have her live with us. Do you understand me? Otherwise, if you chose to pursue that idea, I will get divorced from you. As for you Alieh, since like you said, I’m barren, I want nothing to do with you ever again. You can never come visit us or even mention our names; we’re done. Miss Marzieh, I pray to God that both Pary and Shirin pull through this. Also, you have my words that from now on, Masoud will never bother you or Pary or Shirin ever again. Should he ever bother you even just once, you let me know and I will immediately file for divorce.
So much meanness and cold-bloodedness, I can’t tolerate from my husband”.
Part 2 - Fleeing from the hell in Iran to the paradise in Sweden
1
Pary’s parents’ prayers were answered. Pary and Shirin survived their horrific ordeal. They are out of the danger zone. But to be safe, the mother and child are still kept in the intensive care unit for further monitoring.
“Thank Heaven! My child and grandchild were given back to me. I pray for forgiveness. What have we done? Do you realize Bagheri; do you realize how close it was? But what will happen next?”
Masoud is relieved. But is it really over? For his part, he would have much rather Pary disappearing from the picture. Then, he would have had Shirin’s custody without any hindrance. But can it be that he has learned his lessons and will finally let the mother and child live their lives in peace?!
After two days, Pary and Shirin are discharged from the hospital. The police did not file any report about the incident. In a country like Iran, there are plenty of people. So, a mother’s attempted suicide is not a major issue for the authorities. What women have for rights anyway? The only right they have is to abide by the decisions made by their parents and their husbands.
Pary who got a second chance to continue living the rest of her miserable life is not happy about that. She is back at her parents feeling more ashamed and embarrassed than before. Her parents tend to keep a watchful eye on her more so than ever now. They are scared to death of the thought of Pary trying to end her life again. Pary feels more confined and constrained than before. Oh! What choice does she have?
So far, no one has heard anything from Masoud or Alieh. Pary, however, lives in constant fear of Masoud and his mother.
2
Days go by, one after another. Shirin and Pary have completely recovered from their ordeal. But Pary has no hope for a future, be it for herself or for Shirin. One day after Pary has been out shopping, she takes a taxi to come home. In the cab, there are two other female passengers. They seem to be a mother and daughter. When Pary gets into the taxi, she notices that they go quiet. She also notes that the driver and those women look at her inquisitively.
Pary is puzzled and feels a bit awkward about the whole thing. She heard them talking as she was getting into the car but then, they stopped talking almost immediately.
After a little while, when they had finished studying Pary and feel a bit more at ease, the two passengers and the driver resume their conversation. They talk about travelling overseas. That catches Pary’s attention. They talk about a country in the north part of Europe. A country called Sweden. The mother and daughter have been living in Sweden for a few years. They have a lot of good things to say about the country. About how good the country is, especially for women and single-mothers.
First, Pary wonders how in the world they dare talk openly about the differences between Iran and a foreign land like Sweden. How can they openly talk about politics and not be scared? But soon, she finds out that the three of them know each other. And once they felt like Pary is not a fanatic or a supporter of the regime, they carried on with their conversation with her in the car.
Pary becomes more and more interested in what she hears about Sweden. Women’s right, equality, freedom of expression, child custody, men’s obligations toward their children. All and all, many remarks that sounded wonderful to the ears of a single-mother who lives in constant fear of her ex-husband.
Pary did not want to get off the taxi. She wanted to hear more. Once at the destination, Pary asks to know more about Sweden. She wants to know how one can move there. The two women trust Pary’s sweet and innocent appearance. They give her their phone number so she can be in touch with them and meet them later.
Pary’s face beams of joy. She seems to have found a ray of light in the darkness. Joyful, she walks toward the house, hand in hand with Shirin. For the first time in a long while, she feels no worries as if all her troubles are over. She opens the door and goes in the house. She does not even get to close the door behind her before her eyes get fixed on what she has always been afraid of. It is, indeed, Masoud standing there with a police officer next to him. Marzieh and Bagheri are standing in the background as still as a statue. 
Pary knows that something is really wrong this time. The worst is about to happen.
“So Pary, hope Shirin has fully recovered now. The time has come to get to the crux of the matter. I’ll get right to the point. I’m here to take my daughter. By law, I now have full-custody of Shirin. Given what you did to my child, the law backs me up a hundred percent. So, I will …”
“Sure Masoud. I understand. You are right. I have been thinking about our child’s best interest for a long while. I’ll agree but under one condition …”
“You’re in no position to set any conditions for me. I have the overall …”
“Please just listen to me. I’m not doing that either, rather, it’s a request. Let me visit Shirin now and again. Not that often, but once in a while. Let’s say one day every month? Can you do me that favour?”
“I’ll think about it. Right now, I want my child”.
3
Bagheri and Marzieh cannot do anything but to stand still and witness the heart wrenching turn of events. To leave your grandchild in the hands of a heartless man, a so-called father, is nothing anyone would wish for.
Masoud is somewhat perplexed by how easy things went down. He knew Pary’s parents could not do anything about it, but for Pary to give up that easily is nothing Masoud could have anticipated.
“Masoud, let me pack Shirin’s clothes and …”
“No, don’t trouble yourself for my sake. I will buy her everything she needs. Come little one! Come so we can go”.
Shirin does not understand anything that goes on. She does not want to let go of Pary’s hand. To make her feel at ease, Pary talks to her.
“Shirin, my sweet child! Go with daddy now. That’s OK, you’re going out to buy ice-cream. Pappa is going to buy you candies. Go now my dear …”
Masoud gets a hold of Shirin’s hand and orders her to come along. Shirin bursts into tears, but that ruthless father has no shame in his body. He holds Shirin in his arms and leaves the house together with the police officer.
Pary sits on the ground by the door. She cannot even cry any longer. There are no tears left. She is at the end of her rope.
But then what was the reason for Pary to give in so easily? That is something that not just Masoud, but Bagheri and Marzieh also wonder about.
“Pary, come so we can go in. Your mother and I feel your pain. We’re going to find a good lawyer to get Shirin’s custody back. It was brave of you to let go like that. He’s not going to keep Shirin for long. We will …”
“Please Dad, let it be! I don’t have the energy to talk about it. Let me be! I’m going to my room”.
Pary’s parents feel uneasy. They are afraid that their daughter is going to try to take her life yet another time, and this time, she is going to succeed. They eavesdrop behind Pary’s door to hear what she is up to. Marzieh knocks at the door every now and again to ask Pary if she wants water, or if she is hungry, or whatever just to hear her voice from inside the room. 
“I could have never imagined Pary allowing Masoud to take Shirin so easily. I thought she would be putting up quite a fuss. What do you think of that Marzieh?”
“Well, I don’t know. The only thing I know Bagheri is that we can’t go on like this. I’m tired of all that we have to endure. Our lives have been turned upside down since Masoud came to our family”.
4
A few days go by. Pary sits in her room alone with windows closed, blinds closed and curtains drawn, so that no light can come in. She has Shirin’s clothes and toys all around her.
Shirin’s photo-album lies open.
Bagheri and Marzieh are very attentive this time around. Of one reason or another, they go knock on Pary’s door all the time to hear her at least say a yes or a no, so as to make sure that she is alive and well. Marzieh leaves food by Pary’s door. They do not want to disturb her, but they do not want to completely leave her alone either out of the fear that she might do something to herself. The thought that has not come to their mind is that perhaps, Pary will not think of suicide on the account of her daughter. After all, she does not want to leave Shirin in the hands of Masoud.
Bagheri and Marzieh do not dare go out and leave Pary home alone. They have no other choice but to stay home with Pary.
During those difficult days, Pary has had ample time to think things through. For the first time in her life, she has decided to face the issue head-on and do something about it. She did not give up like that so that the bully can rule over her and her child.
Alone in her room, Pary sits and thinks. She believes that the only way to put this misery behind her is to leave the country. Sweden is a new word in her vocabulary that sounds like music to her ears. Pary does not want to waste time any longer. She takes the telephone and calls the ones she met in the cab.
“Hi, I’d like to talk with Miss Monir. My name is Pary. We met in a cab”.
She wants to meet Monir and find out more about Sweden. Monir invites her to come over to her place the next day.
5
They do not leave that far away. With taxi, it takes half an hour to get to their place. When Pary gets there, she sees a big gate leading to a yard. From the looks of things, it must be a big house back there. She rings the doorbell. When she steps inside, she sees a beautiful garden with a beautiful, white house in the middle of it. In front of the house, there is a nice water feature that has a woman’s statue in the middle of it with fountains all around it. She has come to a wonderland.
It takes a few minutes to walk to the house. Pary enjoys every step she takes. The smell of different plants and flowers are intoxicating to her. For a second, she has forgotten her problems. She feels like she is already in the paradise which is Sweden. She imagines herself in the country about which she heard so many good things.
Monir receives her and says:
“Hi. Welcome!”
“Hi. Thanks for seeing me on such a short notice”.
“Come in. So, you got so interested in what we were talking about the other day. I understand. The way things are in our own country, no one wants to be here any longer”.
“What a nice house you have! It’s almost as if one is on another planet”.
“Thanks, but what good does that serve? In this country, one feels trapped in a cage regardless of … To have money and to live in the lap of luxury don’t help eradicate feelings of oppression and tyranny. Status and wealth just cause heartache and headache for those who possess such things in our land. Would you like something to drink? Tea, coffee, or a pop?”
“No thanks, nothing for me. I’m dying to find out how one can move to Sweden. Please tell me about the country”.
“Say! It seems like you’re going through such tough times that you’re eager to leave this place in a jiffy. I have been living in Sweden for few years. I moved there through marriage. As you can see, I am doing well. My father is a businessman in the food industry. My mother is a homemaker. I am the only child. You met my mom. She was also in the cab that day. She is a kind and understanding mother. But no one is perfect. I had it really good until my mom met this woman in a religious gathering a few years back. She and my mom started to spend more and more time together. When she saw me, it was set. I was to be her daughter-in-law. Her son had been living in Sweden for quite a number of years. He escaped from the country and went to Sweden as a political refugee. He sought refugee status in Sweden like many other Iranians. Once settled, he went to school and studied to become an engineer. Then came the time for him to get married and settle down. But he wanted a young Iranian girl who was also a virgin. As it turned out, his mother saw me and chose me as the bride for his son”.
“It sounds fabulous Miss Monir. Lucky you! I am …”
“Hold your horses Pary. First, call me Monir. You don’t have to be so formal with me. Second, wait until you hear the rest of the story. Well, it didn’t take long before he called me and everything sounded and looked good. He was polite, well-spoken, and had a nice voice. Even when I saw his pictures and videos, I found him charming and good-looking. So, I fell for him”.
“What’s your husband’s name Monir?”
“You mean ex-husband. His name is Nader. Well, he couldn’t move to Iran, and I got a big wedding ceremony, a ceremony without him. No one noticed anything strange with my future husband or his family. They were experts at keeping up appearances”.
“What do you mean?”
“Well, my family is rich. We are very well-off. So, it’s only natural that vultures are always on the hunt for what they can take. Nader and his family are not rich by any stretch of imagination. His father is a janitor in a government building. His mother is a cleaner. But we never noticed anything. At the same time, everything happened so fast that there was no time for anything. Nader himself looked great and the way he described his life in Sweden, no one could ever imagine anything different from the lies he was feeding us. From the day my mom met Nader’s mom to the day I became Nader’s wife took all of one month”.
“I’m sorry Monir. People’s appearances always create a false impression for others on the outside, an impression that also leads to nothing more than jealousy. People look at others and envy them without having a clue of how their lives are in reality”.
“That’s true Pary. You see Nader’s parents live in a big, rented condo in a very push area of Tehran. But the only reason they can afford living there is thanks to the allowance they receive from Nader every month. If it wasn’t for that, they could have never been able to live the way they do. Everything they have is because of their son. His father pretended to be a municipal employee. Sure, he is an employee of the municipality, but not in the type of job he portrayed himself to be. The mother was also full of false pretenses since she is also employed by the municipality. They make fairly good money, but not enough to afford living the way they do. For me, the main issue is that they were not honest from the beginning. However, I’m not mad at the parents since they didn’t treat me wrong. It is rather their son who hurt me”.
Pary feels for her and has tears in her eyes. She has found someone like herself. Someone she can trust and open up to.
“What is it Pary? I can tell you have suffered a lot too. Sorry! Here I am talking about my problems when I’m sure it does not come anywhere near to what you have probably gone through”.
“No Monir, you don’t need to apologize. We both have got our hearts broken. We both fared out badly in life in one way or another. I can’t claim that my problems are worse than yours. No one can understand the real pain of another person’s suffering. Do you have children Monir?”
“Thank goodness no! I was spared from that. It took six months before I got my visa and I could go see him. I remember how that was. It felt so nice. A sense of relief for coming out of Iran and living in freedom without the veil.
One can dress however one wants. One can say whatever one wants. It’s also so beautiful in Sweden. Unbelievably nice. You think our garden looks heavenly. You should see Sweden that is a hundred times more beautiful that what we have here. Interesting thing is that Sweden is an oblong-shape country with only nine million inhabitants. But what they have achieved as a country, sixty million Iranians can’t even come close to that. Freedom of political opinion, freedom of religion and so many other rights and freedoms, which would no doubt lead to arguments and fights here, are part of the everyday life there. One can risk one’s life for such things here. Even to talk about stuff like that can get you into trouble. Yet, there you are free from those constraints. A free country indeed. You know Sweden has enjoyed being a free country for over a century. One has to wonder how they ever managed to come together as a united country and avoid civil wars as well as wars with other lands”.
“Monir, it’s getting a little late for me. I have to go home, but I would love to meet again if that is possible for you”.
“Of course my dear friend. For you, I have all the time in the world. Nowadays, I’m not doing much. Truth be told, I don’t feel like doing anything. But now that I have had the chance to get to know you, I would also like to meet you again for sure Pary”.
“You can come and visit me at my home Monir, and see how I live. Do you want to come over for lunch tomorrow?”
“That sounds great dear. I wouldn’t like to be anywhere else but at your place. My mom and dad are gone on vacation by the Caspian Sea for a week. They wanted me to go with them, but I had no interest. As you see, I’m all alone in my parents’ big house with, as you put it, the beautiful garden. So, that’s fine. Give me your address and I’ll be there tomorrow”.
Pary takes a taxi home from there. Curiously enough, she feels sort of relieved. It seems like she has found her other half. But the thoughts of Shirin and the longings for her quickly erode that momentarily feeling of relief. She has made a decision. Next stop Sweden. But how is she going to take Shirin with her?!
6
Next day Monir comes to visit Pary. A new friendship has brought light in the lives of two young girls who are in the prime of their lives.
“Hi Monir, welcome! It sounds weird, but I have missed you. Come, I want to present you to my parents. Mom, Dad, this is Monir”.
Bagheri and Marzieh welcome Monir. What they see is a young, beautiful, well-dressed girl who has got their daughter’s attention to the point that she seems to have forgotten her daily routine of missing Shirin.
Pary takes Monir to her room. She shows her Shirin’s photo album. Now she wants to tell her everything about herself. She wants to talk about all the suffering she had endured so far. Today, Monir wants to just listen to Pary. She knows that Pary also has a lot to talk about. That she wants to be comforted by someone. Who better than a friend who is also of the same age and gender? Specially a friend who has almost lived a similar life to one’s own life.
Pary tells Monir everything, the entire story.
“My goodness! You have not had it easy, that’s for sure. Now I feel like a fool for having talked about my sad life all day yesterday. I’m sorry Pary. In comparison to my life, you’ve had it much worse than I ever had”.
“Don’t worry Monir! Everything is going to work out. I’m sure of it since now I have a friend like you”.
“I’m happy to hear it. But what do you have in mind?”
“Well, I want to move to Sweden. I want to take my child and escape to that land of freedom Sweden. You know how it is for women in Iran. In a close-minded society where men can impose conditions on women and dictate to them where and how they should live”.
“Yes, that’s true Pary. But how are you going to get to Sweden? Where do I fit in the whole picture?”
“I’ll come to that. Tell me more about Sweden. What kind of a government they have and so forth. I want to know everything there is to know about Sweden!”
Monir feels for Pary. She sees how hopeful Pary talks about Sweden. But Monir is also a bit perplexed as to how she is going to be able to help her get to Sweden.
“Well, about Sweden. It’s a socialist country. The social democratic party is the biggest political party and has long had the people’s support. There are more parties, of which four of them have representation in the country’s parliament. Also, the country has a monarchy. However, the royal family does not have a political role. Think if we had such a system under Shah’s time. If Shah in our country had allowed that, we would have had a people’s parliament. If he had also just been a symbolic figure instead of the ruling monarch, we would have not had so many problems”.
“I know. It’s sad for those who unwittingly rose up against Shah with the hopes of instituting a utopia. They were deceived by their own ignorance and indignation. Now everyone has to pay for their mistake until who knows when”.
“Right. You know in Sweden, there is an election every four years. All political parties can participate in the election. If a party gets four percent of the votes, that party is entitled to a seat in the parliament. In addition to the social democratic party that I mentioned before, there is also the right, centre, left, green, and one religious party. But the party that has governed more than others is the social democratic party. In general, Sweden is a welfare state. They have succeeded to design and implement a very complex, good and functioning welfare system. No one goes without food or shelter there. Even those who can’t adapt to the society are covered by the society’s safety-net. Poverty, homelessness, or panhandlings are nonexistent phenomena in the society”.
“But what about the climate? Isn’t Sweden a cold and dark country? After I came home from your place yesterday, I looked up Sweden in my book called Atlas where I got that piece of information. From what I read, there is a period of total darkness in Sweden that lasts for six months, is that true?”
“No! That does not apply to the entire country. After all, Sweden is not the North Pole. But the weather is much colder for a much longer period of time there than it is here. However, the society is so well-developed and well-adjusted that no one needs to freeze, or to go without anything due to weather conditions. You see we’re talking about a developed and industrial country, not a developing country. Sweden has a robust steel industry. They manufacture cars like Volvo and Saab. Sweden has a great forest industry. In northern parts of Sweden, there is also plenty of iron ores. So, they have the brain, the technology, and a good deal of natural resources, and they have come a long way. They have a lot of inventors, researchers, and scientists. Do you see this phone I have with the brand name Ericson on it? Well, Ericson is a Swedish brand and this phone is a Swedish product”.
“How about people, how do they look?”
“They are fair-haired. They have had a wholesome and peaceful life. Thanks to that kind of living, they went from being short to eventually tall and well-built people who make up the today’s generation. The people there are in very good health condition. They have a hearty and nutritious diet. Do you know they eat a lot of cooked potatoes instead of the rice we eat all the time? Vegetables, fruits, and other healthy provisions, specially dairy products are the staple of their everyday diet. But I’m not saying that what we eat is worse than theirs. On the contrary! We have a much greater variation of dishes than them. But dairy products like milk that nowadays we have to search high and low to find for our children are readily available in supermarkets; just as easily within reach as tap water. They grow up on milk and they drink milk all their lives. But here, we say that only children should drink milk since milk has no nutritional value for adults. Do you remember how it was in Shah’s time that all school-children used to get free snacks in the mornings? Do you remember what we children used to do with those milk and cookies we used to be given for free in school? We used to throw them either at the walls or at each other just for fun! Who really cared? After all, there were certain adults who were busy swindling the system. They were busy stealing a portion of the snacks and selling them in the black-market to make money, and we children busy tossing them away. A small group of people, who called themselves intellectuals, tried to educate others in vain. But, but, what became the end result of all of that? Well, we’re living in what it became, a mess”.
“Yep Monir. Who knew? Talking about a mess reminds me of my life. Right now I miss my child. My beloved Shirin. I give anything to have her here with me. I’ll do whatsoever to …”
“Don’t say that Pary! Others can use that weakness against you. Right now you’re deeply hurt. It is as easy as anything to exploit you in your state of vulnerability. So, don’t ever show how things are with you or how you feel inside”:
“But Masoud has taken my child away from me with the help of the legal system. I have to get her back. I want to take her with me to Sweden by any means possible. She has no future here. Iran is her motherland but not her future”.
“Wait! Time heals all wounds. But one thing I want to ask is what you meant by me being your key to getting to Sweden. What is it that you want me to do for you?”
“I will get to that Monir. Right now, all I know is that I want to take Shirin with me to Sweden. How many Iranians live in Sweden?”
Monir is curious as to what Pary’s plans are. But she does not want to press Pary when she sees how every time Shirin’s name comes up, Pary’s eyes get filled up with tears.
“Iranians?! In Sweden, there are not just Iranians. You know, Sweden has had an open and compassionate refugee policy. In the last several decades, hundreds of thousands of people from many parts of the world have come to Sweden. The country itself is not Swedish anymore. There, one comes across folk from other parts of the world. That is what is exciting about Sweden. A small society opens its arms to many others. After having built their own country, they could reach out to others and become a place of refuge for many others. Since I moved to Sweden, I learned a whole lot about my country and other countries in the world”:
“What do you mean your country? You’re Iranian. Surely, you know well the country you were born in”.
“No, that’s exactly what I mean. We don’t know anything about our own land. Iran with so many minority groups and peoples. For example, what do you know about Kurds, Turks, Arabs, Baluchs, Gilaks, and Mazandaranis? How many Kurds do you get together with? How many Baluchs do you know? … There you see. We’re so unknowledgeable about our own country. When you live in Sweden, you meet people from different parts of your own country. There, they talk openly about their ethnicity, culture, language, history and so forth. How would that go down in Iran? In our own native land if a Kurd says that he or she wants his or her child to learn Kurdish language in school. Or if Baluchs want to form a Baluchi association. You know how such demands would be met by the authorities in our own country”.
“Do you mean everyone lives without worries? How is it with the economy?”
“Worry exists everywhere. But on a scale of one to ten, there is zero level of worries in Sweden in comparison with our own country. As for the economy, I know that it’s good, but Sweden has been more prudent since the economic crisis in the nineties. All in all, the country is in good economic shape”.
“Sorry Monir for taking up so much time asking more and more questions. It seems my curiosity is endless”.
“No problem. What do you say about going out to lunch tomorrow?”
“It sounds like a great idea, but I’m afraid I won’t be able to. I miss my little girl too much. My sweet Shirin”.
“Pull yourself together Pary! If you really mean that you want to move to Sweden with Shirin, you have to be strong. When are you going to see her?”
“Once a month, if he allows that. So, I have to call my ex mother-in-law to see when Masoud is bringing Shirin to her place so that I could go see my daughter there. I have to really wonder how it has been going with Nahid. You know, I wonder how she has agreed with Masoud to take Shirin away from me”.
“I understand. We have a lot of time. Let us meet tomorrow and chat a bit more”.
As soon as Monir is gone, Pary feels even more lonesome than before. She grabs Shirin’s photo album and flips through the pages. Bagheri and Marzieh keep a watchful eye on her from a distance just to be sure. They are at least happy that Pary has got a friend with whom she can talk and ease her burden a bit.
Pary has a lot on her mind. First thing she has got to do is to have a discussion with her parents about her plans. Then she has to make arrangement for the trip. She has to somehow trick Masoud in order to take Shirin from him. Pary is done crying. She believes in what Monir told her. She has to be strong and think about Shirin’s best interest. 
That night, Pary reads a bit more from her book Atlas about Sweden. She wants to make sure she has done her homework and has enough information. She is interested and curious. Monir has been great in telling her as much as she knows about the country.
7
Now it is the time to go out with Monir and learn more about Sweden.
As planned, they meet at the set location. Pary looks a bit rundown and it is obvious that she has Shirin on her mind. She misses her daughter terribly.
“Hi Pary, how are you?”
“Not very good without Shirin. But the thought of going to Sweden gives me the courage to go on. Should we go to a café, get a cup of tea, and talk a bit more about Sweden?”
“So, you want to know more. OK! Like I said before, there is a well-functioning welfare system in Sweden. No one goes hungry there. If a person, for whatsoever reason, has no money, there are social-welfare offices that help provide money for food, rent, clothes, transportation, and so forth. Because in Sweden everybody has to have the basic necessities in life. There’s something called living at subsistence level. No one should go without food or a roof over their head. When it comes to job and unemployment, the situation was better in the past. They had two percent unemployment rate, but due to the global financial crises the rate has gone up. Still it’s nowhere near what we have in Iran. In Sweden, you get money if you lose your job. There is something called unemployment insurance benefit which comes into play if one loses one’s job”.
“Monir, how are people?”
“In short, calm and sensible people. People who don’t have our kind of temper at all. They don’t lose their temper so easily over something. But in the meanwhile, they could be perceived as `cold´. That is understandable in light of their climate. We Iranians are so vivacious. Maybe not just us, but all those who come from warmer climates. But Swedes are seen as less sociable. But I have to admit that the climate affects everyone who lives there be it Swede or foreigner. Because even the foreigners who live there become also cold in their attitude once they have lived there for few years. Why do I blame the climate? Because as soon as it’s spring or summer, there is a change in people’s attitude. When the sun shines and the weather is warm, they become also like us. They spend more time outdoors. Everyone looks glad and happy. The only drawback in Sweden is that the winters there are long. Did you know that there is a period of time when sun does not set in the most northerly part of Sweden? Many from around the world come as tourists during that period of time just to see that fascinating natural phenomenon called `the midnight sun´
By the same token, in that same part of Sweden, sun never comes up in winter time. During that period then, the tourists come to watch the northern lights instead. That’s a light phenomenon in the night sky in the form of, among others, shining lights and colourful rays”.
“How cool! Monir you fascinate me when you talk about Sweden. Tell me more. Please don’t stop”.
“You’re going to be fine there. Your child is going to have a good future there. The school system and the teaching methods are totally different in comparison to our schools. No one hits a child neither in schools nor at home …”
“You mean nothing like that happens there?”
“Well, child or domestic abuse does exist. Don’t get me wrong. Altercation, crime and criminality, assault and battery, rape, and everything else that happens in all other countries also happens in the paradise of Sweden. But the rate of these types of incidents is low statistically. Because under the law no one is allowed to hit his or her child. School teachers go out of their ways to encourage students not to inflict physical punishment on them. I have actually seen how parents talk patiently with their children. Parents don’t hit their children, instead they rely on common sense, and they talk to their children and reason with them in order to set them straight. That’s what I mean. They are brought up knowing not to resort to fist fights. That’s why the Swedes have managed to live in peace for all the years. Once I saw two Swedish men argue. I thought one of them is going to hit the other one. The way they were arguing, I was sure they were going to hit each other. But nothing happened. Absolutely nothing. They each went their way after having a heated exchange, if we can even call it that. I don’t think Iranians, I mean our men, can control themselves the same way in such instances”.
“Yes, it’s so true. We have to live under their control. Is it the same way there Monir? Can a father take a child away from the mother?”
“No, a child has to primarily be with the mother. In addition, a father has to pay child support until a kid is eighteen years old. That is a father’s obligation. Otherwise, he’d be arrested. The law is, for the most part, on the mother’s side. The right of custody is decided based on law. Insofar as I know, mothers have it better there. The Swedish society appreciates the mother’s role and their worth”.
“Monir how was it for you in Sweden? I never asked you about your story”.
“No, no worries. You have enough on your plate without being burdened with mine”.
“I know, but I would like to hear it, if you want to share it with me”.
“The marriage that I mentioned earlier was the reason that I landed in Sweden. Nader was the guy who came into my life. He claimed to be an engineer. But when I got there and got to know a thing or two about his true life, I found out that he is a ticket-collector in a subway station. He had completely duped us all. A mode of transportation in Stockholm is subway. The subway system company is called SL. He was an SL ticket-controller. He sits day and night in a little glass-kiosk and sells and controls tickets. You see there is nothing wrong with that type of work. There is no shame in having an honest job, but what is shameful is to lie about it the way he did, which is a poor reflection of his character”.
“Would you have married him if he was honest with you?”
“Of course not! A ticket-controller, a labourer, ugh!!!”
“You see, there you are. So, it has nothing to do with his character or self-confidence. It’s us girls who want our husbands to be doctors and engineers. We like to brag. From the time we’re born, our parents put it in our heads that we have to become doctors or engineers. To them, those are the only choices. Their child has not come to the world to be an artist, a painter, a bricklayer, a bus driver, or so on. Iranian children are born to be only doctors and engineers. Sorry, I jumped right in the middle of you telling your story”.
“No problem dear. I agree with you. But that’s the way it is, sorry. There’s something odd in every culture. But the thing is that, I didn’t get divorced from him because of his job though”.
“So, what was the reason?”
“Well, when I found out the truth about his life, I got disappointed. With time, I understood how badly Nader had deceived everybody. His parents and relatives don’t know the whole truth either. They really think he is an engineer. But what was I expecting? Like father, like son. When his parents lied about their own jobs. When they hid a part of their lives from us and instead lied about what they do. When they pretended to be civil servants working for the municipality, how could I have expected their son to be honest? That is a family trait with all of them to keep up appearances with lies throughout their lives. The parents deceive the son, and the son deceives the parents. Ironic! Isn't it?”
“Sure, but how was Nader as a person? Because my ex was a tyrant. As someone whom I loved deeply, he put me through so much”.
Pary bursts into tears. All those memories keep rattling around her head. Shirin’s image dominates overall. She feels a sense of heaviness in her heart. 
“Pary stop! What did I tell you? You have to be strong. That’s how you get to Sweden!”
Pary pulls herself together. Monir is right. She should not lose heart. She will not give up.
“Well, where was I? Yep, Nader is stylish and well-spoken like I said. He was kind and considerate in the beginning. Yet, I had a feeling since day one that I got there, that he was a bit distant. Have you ever heard some men say that it’s better for men not to get too close to women in a relationship in order not to lose their authority?”
“What do you mean?”
“Nader didn’t use to tell me so much about himself. He used to call me Miss Monir! You understand what I mean, a polite but formal way of dealing with your wife. One time, when I jokingly called him dumb, he became silent and reprimanded me. He said that we should have respect of one another. That we should never insult one another. Nader didn’t want to have a friendly relationship. It was a strict husband and wife relation like our forefathers. He seemed to be still living in Iran. You know how the older generation used to walk with their wives. The women had to walk ten steps behind their husbands. Nader was like that”.
“Why? Did he ever hit you?”
“No, never. He was old-fashioned, but given that we lived in Sweden, he never dared hit me out of the fear of ending up in jail. There are men who physically abuse their wives, but the law is very strict toward those men”.
“So, Nader was in a way a better man than my Masoud”.
“Are you always this quick to judge? Nader was an idiot. He wanted me to wear the hijab. You get it? I was happy to live in a place where I did not need to wear hijab and yet, he wanted to force me to wear it. He had become religious of a sort. His religiousness was bizarre. Nader wanted his wife to be a housewife. Cook, wash dishes, do the cleaning at home, and wear hijab when we were out together. I was not allowed to go out alone, answer the telephone, or open the door when he wasn’t home. At first, he scared me from opening the door when I was home alone by telling me that either it would be a salesperson who would lure me into buying a vacuum for an outrageous price, or a burglar who would come in and rob us”.
Eager to know more about Sweden, Pary is not listening to what Monir tells her about her life, she only wants to hear about her dreamland Sweden.
“What’s the currency in Sweden and what is the exchange rate?”
“It’s called Swedish crown. Under Shah’s time a crown was equal to ten Iranian tomans. But now after the revolution and thanks to the economic and political situation in our country Iran, our toman has lost so much value that a crown fluctuates between one hundred to one hundred and twenty tomans. So there you have it dear”.
“By the way, look at the books I have bought about Sweden. I am going to read them when I get home”:
“That’s good Pary. You have started to learn lessons from your past. Should we go grab a bite to eat? Are you not hungry yet?”
“Sure, let’s go”.
Monir and Pary have found each other. They seem to be getting along famously. The friendship has given both of them strength and a new start in life. Certainly everyone has their own problems in life, but it is always nice to talk to someone about them. Some people go see a psychologist, others find a friend they can trust and they can confide in.
8
These days, Bagheri has not been sitting idle. He has talked with a few people and got the name of a good lawyer for her daughter. Without Pary’s knowledge, Bagheri and Marzieh have gone to the lawyer for a consultation. They want to make sure that they have a chance at winning the case first before they tell Pary.
Unfortunately, they had no good news for Pary when they heard the lawyer’s opinion. According to the lawyer, the husband has the right to full custody of the child when there is evidence of a mother’s instability. Pary’s suicide attempt, which applied to both herself and her daughter Shirin, puts Pary in an unfavourable position. So far she has been lucky that both Masoud and the law enforcement authorities have left her alone. That is thanks to the chaos that reigns in the legal system. After all, Pary tried to kill her daughter. That is a major crime. That Masoud has not taken legal actions against her and has let her be is decent enough.
As per the lawyer’s advice to Bagheri and Marzieh, it is best to let sleeping dogs lie! In the meanwhile, they can try to come to an agreement with Masoud so that Pary can be allowed to meet the child at least once a week.
Bagheri is fuming. He would have done anything to get Masoud out of the way. Ghastly thoughts percolate in his mind, but he is not that kind of a person. Everyone wants their kids to be well. He should wait and see what tomorrow will bring.
Pary counts the days until she gets to see Shirin. She has finished reading the books she got. Ever since Monir went to join her parents for a few days in their cottage by the Caspian Sea, the two friends have not seen each other. They have only had a few short telephone conversations. That is why Pary had the time to go to an internet-café and surf the net to get more information on Sweden.
She remembers that there was once a reportage about Sweden aired on the Iranian public television channel. It dealt with the Iranians who lived abroad as well as the country in general. Now that she has been better informed about Sweden, she appreciates the misinformation in that news coverage about that country. She realizes the false political message that the regime in Iran wants to feed people. Naturally, the regime does not want to admit what the reality is. That over five million people have left the country in a hurry due to being in danger.
Fleeing from enemy who shot people who tried to leave for different reasons. And that is an evidence of how things were then and how things are now. During Shah’s time, there was also oppression and dictatorship, but the number of people who fled the country was only in the hundreds back then.
9
Aunt Maryam is in touch with Marzieh on a regular basis. But lately, she has been a lot more careful not to be a news-agency reporting on Masoud and his family. After the near miss tragedy that occurred not that long ago, which could have ended up in the loss of Pary and Shirin, Maryam does not want to become the conduit for another such calamity. Aunt Maryam does know a lot about Masoud and his mom, but she no longer wishes to share those with her sister and her family. All she wants to be is a sister to Marzieh and an aunt to Pary; someone they can count on. Even once in a while when Marzieh asks her about Masoud, Maryam tells her that she does not know anything more than anyone else does. She makes an effort not to divulge anything or give anything away. Comparatively, Marzieh tells her a lot about Pary.
One day aunt Maryam is just dropping by. Marzieh tells her how surprised she is to see Pary so calm.
“Maryam, I can’t really figure out how Pary feels. I’m afraid she’s, once again, hiding her feelings. When Masoud took Shirin with him, Bagheri and I were scared to death of what was going to happen to Pary. But thank goodness that she has somehow managed to cope with it. We know she loves Shirin. Yet, we’re glad that she has found a friend she can talk to”.
“Thank Heaven that nothing awful happened. I would have never forgiven myself, had anything happened to Pary and Shirin. From what I gather, she is on the road to recovery. I just hope that Alieh doesn’t mistreat Shirin … Well, I mean …”
“What in the world did you just say Sis?”
“Nothing, I should get going Marzieh. We’ll be in touch!”
“No, no, you’re not going anywhere before you tell me the truth about it all”:
“Marzieh I don’t know anything. I swear”.
“Maryam, trust me, you’re not going anywhere before I know what you know”.
“Fine Sis, but you have to swear on mom’s grave that you’re not going to breathe a word of this to anyone, especially Pary!”
“Do you think I’m stupid? Do I want to see my child on her deathbed again? But I have to know”.
“Masoud has not said anything to Nahid. Unbeknown to Nahid, Masoud went and got full custody of Shirin only to take the child and leave her with his mom”.
“Do you mean that my grandchild lives at her damn grandmother’s place? You mean that Alieh, that bitch, has got my grandchild living with her? I will …”
“Be quiet you! Everyone can hear you”.
Bagheri comes rushing in from the room next door.
“What’s going on?”
“Nothing Mr. Bagheri, my sister is just worried about Pary”.
“What do you mean worried? What is going on here? Marzieh, what is it?”
Marzieh collects herself.
“Nothing! I know how we can help Pary. I just lost it a little bit thinking about my daughter’s miserable life”.
“You ladies! You think you know it all. I know you’re trying to hide something. But whatever it is, keep it to yourselves in case it’s something that’s going to unravel Pary. I don’t want to survive my only child”.
Bagheri goes back to his room knowing fully well that something is very wrong.
“Marzieh, you cannot mention a word of this to anyone. Or you will destroy Pary’s life”.
“Maryam, in a few days when she sees Shirin for the first time in a month, she is surely going to find out about that”.
“No, not really, Pary thinks that Masoud brings Shirin to Alieh’s place so that she can meet her there. So, Pary doesn’t have a clue about that”.
“What if Pary asks Shirin. What if Shirin in her own basic language make Pary aware of what is going on …”
“I don’t think so. You shouldn’t get ahead of yourself”.
Pary knows that, as promised, she is going to see Shirin soon. Not a day goes by that Pary is not sad or crying. Thanks to the hope of going to Sweden, thanks to Monir’s friendship, and thanks to aunt Maryam, Pary has so far managed to keep it together.
10
Shortly after Monir is back from her vacation, she comes over to Pary’s place for a visit.
“How was your trip Monir?”
“It was OK!”
“Just OK?!”
“To be with my mom and dad is good. I would have rather been there with a real man as my husband. How long do I have to live as a divorcee?”
“Do you really want to get married again?”
“Yep, why not? Sure, it can be risky, but who knows? It’s like playing lotto, either you win or …”
“Lose your life with a baby on your hands. You don’t know the benefit of not having a child. Since once you become a mother, you don’t live for yourself anymore. A mother would give her life so that her child would live well. I don’t know if that’s a good thing or not, but I only know that mothers are made like that. Monir you have to enjoy life before you become a mother”.
“Right, children. I remember how Nader used to nag about having children. Poor bastard! His whole life became a nightmare when he found out he can’t have kids”.
“What? He couldn’t have kids? What happened then?”
“Not so much! He who wanted to have a wife wearing hijab. He who wanted to live in a male-dominated world. A world where he would make decisions for his wife and child. Because you know, Nader wanted to have four, five children. He thought I was going to be a breeding machine. He thought I was only there to please him and obey him blindly. Instead he got a hit on the head by God almighty. Shooting blank, a sterile man. Not being able to father a child, he could hardly assert himself in any shape or form”.
“Monir what strange expressions you use. `shooting blank´ how do you come up with stuff like that? Anyway, what happened then?”
“He started to party, get girlfriends, go to discos, and have fun. Coming home at four o’clock in the mornings drunk was nothing new any longer”.
“Didn’t he work anymore?”
“Yep, there you only work five days a week. Saturdays and Sundays are holidays. Therefore, people party on Friday and Saturday nights. In fact, Saturday is a day for everyone to catch up with their private lives and take care of laundry, shopping, cleaning and stuff like that. For my darling of a husband, everything fell apart when he found out he can’t have children”.
“I know in the Western World, there are two days off. Too bad, we only have a Friday as our day off”.
“You forget an important point. Sweden is an industrial country. The working-day is eight hours. But you and I don’t live in an industrial country here. The Swedes have to work harder in order to maintain the high standard they have. In Iran, we live off our natural resources. We’re called a developing country. Personally, I wouldn’t call my country a developing country. From what I gather, the world’s resources, much like everything else, are not divided fairly. One country has so much oil, uranium, gold, copper, and a lot of other things. Another land does not have a drop of oil or any other natural resources for that matter, or they have natural resources that are of less value. I think it’s a crying shame that we don’t appreciate the value of the resources we have. Instead of learning from the Western World how to handle our resources, we just bring about chaos, war and misery. In Sweden by relying on different sciences, people devise and discover a lot of stuff. In Iran, we have a lot of smart people who want to get somewhere, but the regime throws a spanner in the works. Instead of encouraging people to pursue democracy, research and development, even something as simple as music gets banned. My father talks about Shah’s time, when it was forbidden to read books about Marxism or some other books and songs. Look at what the results of that was. My father believes that if Shah had let people read about different isms, they would have not revolted so blindly the way they did. People trusted the intellectuals. There is no comparison between then and now. Look at what is happening now. In Shah’s time, people could drink and do what they wanted, pray to whatever god they wanted. Today, we have to drink and party in secret while in the open and in front of others, we have to pretend to be a devout Muslim and perform our daily prayers”.
“Yes Monir. I know. Another thing that irritates me is the gender discrimination. To be a woman in Iran feels like being a second-class citizen. But we have digressed, let’s get back to Nader”.
“You mean my life. What do you want to know Pary? It wasn’t going to work out any longer. He went to work during the day and spent his evenings partying and having fun with his friends. I waited two years to get my residence permit without standing up to him or anything. As luck would have it, when I started my SFI course, I learned a whole lot of …”
“What is SFI?”
“Sorry, that’s Swedish as a Second Language. Everyone who settles down in Sweden takes that course. There, I learned from my Swedish teacher about the laws of the country. It wasn’t easy. But I have to admit, compare to your life, I had it a lot easier”.
“I know. Could you get a divorce from him after two years without any problems? What did your parents think about that?”
“What can I say? It was after all, their fault that I got trapped in a life with Nader. Good thing Nader wasn’t anything like his friend Saman. Saman used to hit his wife to the point that she lost hearing in one ear. You should see how many break up and go their separate ways in Sweden. Culture shock is a factor in certain aspects. Here in Iran, many marriages last for a lifetime and without the consent of the pair. Parents choose a spouse for their children. In light of the cultural and social norms of the land, the poor couple then has to live together without love, without mutual understanding, and without having anything in common. They have been forced into an involuntary wedlock. Perhaps such marriages are less harmful to a man than it is to a woman of specially young age. A teenage girl who gets married, in the best case scenario, to someone who is five or ten years older than her, is not mature enough for such commitments. Yet, men in the same boat can, in many cases, exploit the situation. So, it’s mostly the girl’s life that’s ruined. She’s considered worn out much like an old, used car by her own society. Which young and well-established guy who wants to get married for the first time in his life would take a widow or a divorcee as his wife? How many men like that are there?!”
For the first time, Pary witnesses the tears in Monir’s eyes. Needless to say that she has also been hurt in life. Who says that one’s own problems are the worst in the world? Now it is time for Pary, who so far has had everyone else’s sympathy, to reach out and comfort Monir.
“I’m sorry Monir. I’ve been so stupid and self-centered. One doesn’t see other people’s problems except his or her own. Pull yourself together now. You, who are my mentor and encourage me, cannot fall apart”.
“Sorry Pary. At times, life feels like a dead-end. In Sweden, it doesn’t matter if a person is divorced, but in my own country, I’m a disgrace in the eyes of people. A used good! If Nader’s mother had not met my mom, I would have not ended up this way. It feels like I haven’t succeeded in anything in my life. A girl with just a high school diploma”.
“What did you do in Sweden?”
“I just got around learning the language. After I got my residence permit, it only took six months before I was divorced. After that, I had no reason to be there. I can go back anytime I want, but what am I going to do there?”
“Six months for divorce, that easy!”
“It can even take just one day provided both parties agree to it. You see there, it’s not the man who is the only one who can decide. Women can file for divorce whenever they want. If one party doesn’t agree to divorce, then it takes a few months before the marriage is dissolved. Lucky Nader who didn’t have anything there. He had sent his parents all his money asking them to invest it for him in their own names”.
“How did it go with your Iranian divorce here?”
“We were not married according to the Iranian laws. He cannot come to Iran. He has no Iranian passport or identification. We arranged a bogus marriage in Iran so that I could get my visa for Sweden. But once there, everyone gets registered in the national registration database and the tax office. It’s different there than it is in Iran. Everyone has a ten-digit identification number assigned to them. No one can live there without that”.
“Isn’t that alarming?”
“No, how else would they be able to maintain order in the everyday life there?”
“So Nader let you go with no problems?”
“No, but he had no choice. His ideal picture of living with a virgin of a wife went out the window. He wanted to rule the roost. But he could not keep me against my will. The law would have not allowed him. Like I said before, if he had any assets, regardless of their value, by law he would have had to give half of it to me. Of course that goes both ways since the law applies equally to both parties. The only time an equal division of assets can be avoided is if the partners had a prenuptial agreement in place before tying the knot. I’m lucky that I didn’t need his money anyway. Even if I was in dire need of money, there’s always social welfare that one can turn to in such set of circumstances”.
“Monir, do you know that we now have something similar to that prenuptial agreement in Iran as well. But when has the law been fair to women?”
“So true! Pary, I got to go home now. When are you going to meet Shirin?”
“If I’m not mistaken, it’s tomorrow. Masoud must …”
The phone rings and Pary answers.
“Pary, it’s Masoud. Come over to my mom’s place at ten o’clock in the morning. You can visit with Shirin till noon”.
“But Masoud, hello, hello!”
Masoud had already hung up. Pary sits on the floor next to the table where the phone is while still holding the receiver in her hand. She does not cry rather, ponders. 
“Two hours in the morning. Do you see Monir? You should thank your lucky star for having got out of your marriage so easily. I don’t envy you or anyone else. I know that each one of us has his or her own destiny”.
“I know what you mean girl. Right now, you should be focusing on maximizing on the two hours you have with your daughter in an effective way. I’m going to go now. You should rest. We’ll be in touch soon”.
11
Pary goes to her parents. She tells them about the phone conversation she had with Masoud. Marzieh, who is now fully aware of what has been going on behind the scene, has decided to take the matter into her own hands.
“Pary, everything is going to work out. Trust your mom. Go and get some rest”.
When Pary leaves the room, Marzieh gets up. Without telling Bagheri anything, she leaves the house, goes to a telephone booth and calls Masoud’s mom, Alieh.
“Alieh, listen carefully. This is Marzieh. Your son Masoud, hello, hello!!!”
Alieh has hung up. That makes Marzieh even more infuriated. She knows that Alieh is home now so, she heads over to Alieh’s place. She knocks and rings the doorbell. Alieh, who could have never thought that Marzieh would be showing up at her place at nine in the evening, opens the door.
“Now you listen to me Alieh, I mean it. If, as promised, Masoud doesn’t let Pary see Shirin for a full day every month, then I will call Nahid and tell her that Masoud has gone behind her back and has got Shirin’s custody, and that he has left the kid here with you. So, this is my first, last and only warning. You better inform your son of my intentions tonight, or else …!”
Marzieh is fully aware of the tricky situation she is in. She does not want to press Masoud too hard. As vindictive as he is, Masoud can report Pary to the police for what she tried to do to Shirin. He can have her locked up in a mental hospital. Marzieh also knows how happy Pary is to see her daughter at least once a month.
It feels strange to Marzieh that Pary would so easily go along with Masoud’s conditions, but she thinks that perhaps Pary is also aware of the delicate situation in which she finds herself hence, the need for being agreeable and to avoid rocking the boat.
When Marzieh leaves Alieh, Alieh calls Masoud immediately and tells him what had transpired.
Eleven o’clock in the evening, the phone rings at Pary’s place. Marzieh picks up the phone.
“Pary, come, you’ve got a call”.
“This is Pary”.
“It’s Masoud. I wanted to tell you that I have changed my mind. Come around nine in the morning and take Shirin with you. You can spend time with her until nine in the evening. But make sure she’s back at my mom’s place sharp at nine”.
“Thanks Masoud! That was decent of you! Hello?!”
He was not expecting any response so, he hung up right away.
Pary is ecstatic. It is as if she has been given the whole world. That is the way she was hoping she would have it in order for her to put her plans into motion.
12
The next day, Pary goes over to Alieh’s place and gets Shirin. What a day. The mother and daughter beam with joy. Pary has not suspected anything. She truly believes that Masoud drops Shirin off at Alieh so that Pary can go there to get her. Pary does not have any inkling about Shirin living with Alieh.
The mother and daughter go into different toy stores, eat ice-cream together, and have a lot of fun. Pary kisses Shirin on the cheek time and again. She does not want to show her sorrow in front of her little girl.
Shirin is happy to see her mom. Pary is relieved that there are no signs of Shirin being maltreated at Masoud’s. Little she knows, Shirin lives with Alieh instead; and, all in all, she seems to be comfortable there. Yet, one can clearly see in Shirin’s face that she misses her mother. With her limited and simple words, she asks Pary why she was gone.
“My sweetie, I have got a job. I have to be away for a while. But I promise you, we’re going to be together soon. My dearest, I promise”.
Afterward, Pary takes Shirin home to her parents so, they can see their grandchild and have lunch together. Monir calls Pary in the afternoon. Shortly after the call, Monir stops by Pary’s place for a quick visit, just enough to see Shirin and get to know her. Monir does not stay long so that the mother and daughter can spend some quality time together.
The day draws to a close. Pary feels a sense of heaviness in her heart. She does not want to return Shirin to Masoud. But she has no choice. So at nine in the evening, she finds herself at Alieh’s place. At the door, Shirin cries and does not want to go in with Alieh. She begs Pary to take her home with her instead.
“Mamma, Mamma, me with you, please! I don’t want here. Mamma, Mamma!”
“My sweet child, it’s going to be OK. I’ll come see you next month. Hang in there!”
Alieh brings Shirin in and tries to get her to calm down with an ice-cream. Pary leaves feeling broken by life’s cruelty. She is now more determined than ever to take Shirin and flee the country. Pary does not get a wink of sleep that night.
13
The next morning, Pary calls Monir and asks if they can meet. Shortly thereafter, she heads over to Monir’s house.
“Monir how can I get to Sweden? You remember when I said you can help me. How can I get there? I want to take my daughter and flee the country. I can’t do this any longer. I can’t live like this. I have to get to Sweden”.
“Calm down Pary! I understand. We have got to think of something. If you’re going to Sweden, I am going to be there too. We’re going to have fun together. When I was in Sweden, I heard that there is someone who helps people escape from Iran. You’re not a political refugee. So, you have to apply for refugee status on the humanitarian grounds. I don’t have the guy’s phone number, but I can call someone who can in turn help us with that”.
Monir calls her friend and as luck would have it, she gets the phone number of the person in question.
“Refugee! Is that what one becomes Monir, when one moves to another country. Can I come back to Iran again? What would become of my mom and dad?”
“Think things through! When you leave here and seek asylum, it won’t be easy to come back. Nowadays, there are many who do that since the regime feels secure after so many years. There’s only a small group of people who can’t return to Iran. From what I have seen so far, many refugees can travel back and forth from Sweden to Iran. It is like the situation in Chile. When a dictator was in power, many refugees from that country could not go back. After the change of regime in Chile, however, many refugees could travel to their country without any problems. Right now, that’s the way it is Pary. It’s not because things have got better in our country; rather, it’s a way to make it harder for those in need of a sanctuary to achieve that. When the Iranian regime lets someone get a passport and travel to Iran, it serves as a proof for other governments that there are no refugees from Iran. I have to say that it could happen that you don’t get to stay in Sweden. Or that it might take few years before your refugee application gets approved. Think about what you want from your life. You have to be strong no matter how and where you are”.
“What do I need? I’m ready. How is it to be a refugee in Sweden?”
“From what I saw, they were doing alright. At any rate, everybody there follows the rules unlike here. To date, Sweden has about a million immigrants, a lot of which are refugees. I think there are about seventy to eighty thousand Iranians in Sweden, but not all of them are refugees. Regardless, you’ll be better off there with your daughter than here. First, we have to talk to the person who’s going to arrange for your travel”.
Monir calls the number she had got from her friend. After a few tries, she manages to leave a message in the hopes of being contacted by that person.
“Pary, how are you going to get money for your trip? It’s going to cost a lot. I can help with a portion of it, but I’m not sure if that would be sufficient. Maybe I can ask my father …”
“I’m going to talk to my father Monir. We have never had any problems financially, at least not so far. The only thing I don’t know is how they would take the news?”
Pary must take up the subject with her father. He can support her financially. But the question is whether Pary’s father would want to see her go away?
14
The following morning, Pary goes to her father, Bagheri.
He is sitting at the breakfast table in the kitchen reading his newspaper.
“Dad, I want to talk to you”.
“Sure my daughter”.
“I’m planning to take Shirin to Sweden and live there”.
“What did you say?”
“You heard me”.
“Sweden, but how? What are you talking about?”
“If I find a way to get there, the rest would work out”.
“How are you going to get there though? What will you be doing there? Sit down; I want to talk to you Pary. Have you thought this through? I know what you’re getting at. You want to go there as a refugee. The son of one of my friends lives there. He went there as a refugee and he is doing well now. Personally, I’m not against you leaving the country with Shirin. The way things are, Masoud is never going to leave you alone. I have to confess something also. I have been talking to a lawyer or two. The law is on Masoud’s side. You have no other choice”.
Coming into the kitchen, Marzieh caught a bit of the conversation so, she jumps in asking:
“What are you two talking about? Are you going somewhere Pary?”
“Marzieh, Pary wants to flee the country and find a calmer and safer life in Sweden for herself and for Shirin. She wants to escape from Masoud and his family”.
Marzieh turns pale in the face and her weak knees start to give out. She cannot hold the weight of her body on her weak and shaky knees, and she is forced to grab a hold of the doorknob to keep from falling. With that motherly love and all the dreams for a bright future for her only child, she is devastated by hearing that horrific news. But she has no choice when she thinks of Pary’s present life. She thinks of Pary’s best interest. She knows it’s better for Pary to flee than to live in fear. That awful situation and life that Masoud and his family have created for her and her child do not lead themselves to a happy life for anyone of them as their future are bleaker than what they have at present time. With sadness in her voice, she says:
“It would be better for them. But how?”
“Mom, I have found a person, through Monir, who helps people flee the country and go where they want. We have called him yesterday and are waiting for him to get back to us”.
“Are you sure about this Pary? Are you really going to leave? I want nothing more than for you and Shirin to be well and happy, but I’m also a mother. I’m going to miss both of you terribly. It can happen that I will not get to see you ever again. How long can one live? I’m neither young nor healthy. But God is merciful, it will work out. Go my daughter. Get away from the tormenter and his mother. If he had let you keep Shirin here instead of forcing an innocent child to live with her grandmother …”
“Mom, what was it you just said?!!! Do you mean to tell me that Shirin lives with Alieh? Gosh! How blind I have been. I’m going to kill that bastard. I’m going to find Nahid’s phone number and call her. If she only knew about this, she would make Masoud’s life a living hell.
I will get even with him. I will go now and get my daughter even if that will be the ruin of me”.
Pary wants to leave the house. Bagheri stops her and does not let her get away. Marzieh bites her tongue for she did let the cat out of the bag. She begs Pary to calm down.
“Pary listen to me! Listen to me I said! I will help you. What do you want me to do so that you and Shirin can leave the country? Only if your mother could hold her tongue for once. I will help you Pary. Relax! What do you want help with?”
“Damn Masoud for doing this. I don’t know Dad. I can’t talk right now. I want to go to my room”.
Pary goes to her room. She is at a loss.
“Marzieh, why didn’t you tell me anything? Why did you open your mouth in front of her? Hasn’t she got enough on her plate? And how did you know about that?”
“I didn’t want to upset you. I’m a mother. I know how it feels when one’s child is suffering. You’re a man Bagheri. No matter what you say, men can never understand how a mother feels for her child. It is us who carry them for nine months. It is us who give birth to them. It is us who nurse them. So don’t talk about how it feels. It was Maryam who told me that after my immense insistence”.
15
Marzieh has become even more vigilant when it comes Pary. She sits alone in her room. At lunch time, Bagheri manages to get Pary to the table by telling her how much better it will be for her when she moves to Sweden.
Bagheri ensures Pary that he will support her no matter what. Pary who is still fuming about what she learned, thinks to herself that it is at least better to have her father on her side. In the afternoon, Pary calls Monir.
“Hi Monir!”
“Hi, how are you? You sound like you have cried again”.
“Well, I found out that Shirin lives with Masoud’s mom, Alieh. They have been lying to me all along. Masoud’s wife, Nahid, doesn’t know a thing about what Masoud has done. To say that I’m furious would be an understatement. I must …”
“Come over!”
“No, you need to rest a little bit”.
“You know I have nothing to do. Come!”
“OK, see you soon”.
When Pary is at Monir’s home, Monir tells her not to ever mention Sweden or talk about her plans on the phone.
“That was close girl! You should never talk about such things on the phone. You know that they listen to telephone conversations. You should not divulge anything about that to anyone”.
“Thanks for that Monir. I got to know how my daughter has been. Now I understand why Shirin did not talk so much about Masoud. She talked about Alieh all the time and I still didn’t get it. My father is right. I shouldn’t make the situation worse. He will help me. He has promised”.
“That’s great. Now half of the problem is solved. All we need to do is to wait to hear from that guy”.
“Who is he anyway?”
“His name is Saman. He is a part of a group who smuggle people. Saman can fix your trip to Sweden”.
“Should we call again and see if anyone answers?”
“Sure, why not? Hope you can get there soon”.
They call Saman and leave a message on his answering machine.
Not much else happens that day except for Pary feeling depressed over the news about Shirin living with Alieh. Monir tries to cheer her up with reminding her of the good news that she got instead.
“Look at the bright side Pary. You have got your father’s support. We have got a guy who can look after your trip to Sweden. And best of all, the fact that Masoud is letting you have Shirin for an entire day every month”.
“Right! Now I get it. Something must have happened that all of a sudden, there was a change of heart in Masoud. For him to call me out of the blue and say that he had changed his mind so I can have Shirin for a whole day instead. Maybe it had something to do with my mom. I should get going. I should go home now. I’ll see you tomorrow”.
16
Pary goes home and confronts her mother as soon as she gets home.
“Mom, tell me the truth. You knew Shirin lived at Alieh’s place. How did you get Masoud to change his mind about my visiting conditions? I want to know the truth right here and now. I’m not a kid so, I don’t want to be treated like one”.
“OK then. After Maryam told me about that, I went to Alieh and threatened that if Masoud reneges on his original agreement with you, I would contact Nahid and tell her everything. That’s why Masoud went back to the initial arrangement. Alieh must have told him about my visit. That must have worried Masoud since he doesn’t want to lose Nahid”.
“Thanks Mom, you’re an angel”.
Pary approaches her mom and gives her a kiss on the cheek. Marzieh is surprised by that. She expected to be blamed for not having told her the truth earlier.
“That was unexpected! I thought you’d be mad at me instead”.
“No dear Mom. You have helped me with my plans. If I’m going to take Shirin away with me, I needed to have more time with her. Ten, twelve hours is perfect to manage to get out of the country before they realize that”.
“There you see Pary. If God closed one door, another one will open. I’m glad we are now in a position to talk to each other openly. Your father and I are behind you a hundred percent”.
“Thanks Mom, I appreciate that. I can picture Masoud’s face once he realizes that Shirin and I are gone. You should come to visit us Mom”.
“First, we have got to get you out. We’ll cross that bridge when we get to it”.
17
Next day, Monir calls Pary.
“Hi girl! You can invite me to lunch today”.
“Sure! Anything new?”
“Come over at eleven”.
Pary’s heart starts to beat faster and she gets cold sweats thinking of her flight to a foreign country, but she is in high spirits. She wants to go to Monir’s house at once.
She goes over to Monir’s place and finds out that Saman has called. Monir does not want to talk about such matters in public or over the phone. It is safer to be home and be able to talk freely and uninterrupted.
“Saman called this morning. He wants to meet us. He’s coming over in about an hour”.
“He is coming here to your home? Is that safe? What does your mom say?”
“As you can see my dad is not home. My mom is also at her friend’s house today. So we have the whole house to ourselves today”.
“You think we can trust Saman?”
“I don’t know. But we’ll know when we get to meet him. Those who were sent to Sweden by Saman have good things to say about him”.
Impatiently, they wait to meet Saman.
18
The doorbell rings. It appears that Saman has showed up half-an-hour earlier than he was supposed to. When the door opens, Pary and Monir are surprised to see Bagheri at the door.
“Dad, what are you doing here?”
“Hi Monir! Pary I know you’re going to meet someone here today. I happened to overhear your phone conversation. I’m sorry to have eavesdropped. It wasn’t intentional. I just happened to lift the receiver to make a call and, by mere accident, I happened to hear what you were talking about. I got curious and couldn’t hang up. I’m here to help you with your meeting. It’s always better if there is a man in the picture, isn’t it? What do you think?”
Monir and Pary look at each other. Pary’s father only wants to help. He is there for their sake, especially the sake of his daughter.
“Sure Dad, if you say so. But we handle the talk!”
“Sure! As you wish”.
Saman shows up sharp at the set time. He looks about thirty-five years old. Short, dark hair. Black eyes. Thin and tall a little over six feet. He is well-dressed and seems very polite.
“Hi, my name is Saman”.
“Hi, welcome. Come in please”.
They sit down and without wasting anytime, Saman gets right to the point:
“Which one of you wants to leave the country?”
“My daughter and I,” responds Pary.
“Tell me a bit about yourselves and your plans”.
They all introduce themselves. Pary tells him her story briefly. She does not tell him anything about Masoud having full custody of Shirin. Pary just tells him that she wants to go to Sweden and provide a better life for her daughter Shirin. When Saman asks about Shirin’s father, Pary says that he died of cancer.
“There is no problem. To get you and your daughter to Sweden is going to cost one million tomans or roughly one-hundred-thousand Swedish crowns. You can pay me in Swedish crowns or American dollars. We don’t take Iranian currency since we have to pay a few middlemen. Is that OK?”
“Not a problem. When and how? I can’t leave for about a month. I have a whole lot to do before I leave. Moreover, the only day I can get on the way is the fifteenth of next month. It is imperative that we stick to that day if we’re leaving”.
Naturally, Pary does not want to mention anything about her having only one day a month to spend with Shirin.
“I can arrange for that since there’s plenty of time until the fifteenth. I also want to say that we send you to Sweden, but we can’t guarantee that you get to stay there. Right now, it is a bit difficult. Nonetheless, Sweden is the best option among all other countries that accept refugees. Are you up to that?”
“Yep, I’ll take my chances”.
“When can you get the money?”
“Dad, can you manage that?”
“Sure. It takes one working-day to get that from a bank if all goes well. Then, I have to go to an exchange office and convert the money to Swedish crowns. Is it OK if you get the money the day after tomorrow?”
“That would be fine. I just want to say it one more time. We don’t guarantee anything. The whole thing is absolutely at your own risk. Think carefully if you really want to do this. One-hundred-thousand Swedish crowns is not a small change”.
“My mind is made up. I want to go”.
“OK, you should pack light. One luggage with the utmost necessities. Nothing else. You should not pack any jewelry or anything of value. If you want to have money with you, you can keep it on your person. Then at some point, you have to give it to me and you’ll get it back from me once we’re in Istanbul, Turkey”.
“Turkey?! I don’t want to move there. I want to go to Sweden”.
“I know, but first you have to come out of Iran somehow”.
“But not via Turkey. I want to fly directly to Sweden”.
“That’s going to cost a lot more. Then, we’re talking two-hundred-thousand Swedish crowns. In other words, two million tomans. Do you even have a passport?”
“No”.
“Fine, we’ll fix everything, the passport, visa, and the plane tickets. You fly directly from here to Sweden. Then sometime during the flight, you should tear up your passport and flush it down the toilet. If you don’t have any sort of id on you, the police there can’t deport you. You and your daughter are going to be given fake names in your passport. All of that with a fake visa and everything else is to get you on your way out of here. Once you land there, you have reached your destination. The rest is out of our hands. You tell the police the word `FLYKTING´ if you don’t know how to speak English. The word means refugee in Swedish. If you have any papers that would help strengthen your case as a refugee, take them with you. I don’t need to know what. Any such document you should carry in your luggage for the eventual submission to the police”.
“But I travel under a fake name while my documents bear my real name”.
“That’s fine. The travel documents and the ticket that we get for you is only to get you out of here. Once there, you should give your real name and show your real papers. As it turns out, there is a direct flight to Sweden from here. It only takes a few hours to get there by plane. It’s great also that we have good enough time to make all the necessary arrangements. How does that sound?”
“Good. Dad what do you think?”
Bagheri sits quietly and listens to the conversation between them, but his heart is filled with sorrow. If it was up to him, he would be crying. He manages to hold the tears back, but still in a sad voice he responds:
“Sure, no problem. But I need preferably two days to get the money together”.
“That’s fine. As soon as you have got the money, call this number. You’ll be given an address where you can drop off the money. If there’s something you want to discuss with me, call me at that number you have. But remember, don’t mention anything over the phone. Just say you want to be contacted”.
Saman leaves the house. Pary thanks her father for his support. A short while later, Bagheri leaves as well. He is a bit startled by Saman. But he does not have any regrets in supporting his daughter. Pary stays a bit longer at Monir's.
“Finally Monir, I’m going to start living. I have got to pack. I have to make sure to carry the document Masoud gave me regarding the custody. I also got to get my and Shirin’s medical files”.
“Pary, I really hope that you get to stay there. I’ll be so happy if that happens”.
19
In the following days, Pary, Marzieh and Monir are all busy getting all the necessary things together for the trip. Marzieh wants to spend more time with her daughter. She knows that when Pary is gone, it might take a long while before the mother and daughter can meet again. Now that Marzieh and Monir have become much more acquainted with each other, Marzieh trusts Monir like her own daughter. Maybe, subconsciously, she is trying to fill the void that will exist after Pary is gone. Marzieh is not young any longer. She has on several occasions, be it jokingly or seriously, mentioned that this might be the last time she will see her daughter and her grandchild. As a mother she cannot help but be worried, the same way that Pary is for her own daughter.
“Well Monir, my daughter, my Pary had a bright future ahead of her. She was going to be a prominent doctor. But too bad, fate had other plans. If that monster Masoud hadn’t appeared in her life, she would have lived a decent life”.
“Miss Marzieh, who knows? Maybe she’ll have an even better life in Sweden. I have lived there. It is a really nice country with tons of possibilities specially for those who want to study”.
“I hope so. I hope to see the day that both her and her child are successful before I’m gone”.
“You shouldn’t say that. Everything will work out”.
20
In the meanwhile, Bagheri has managed to get the money together. He calls the number he got from Saman. He is given an address of a bookstore and the name of a person who would meet him there. At the bookstore, Bagheri hands over the money to that person as per the instructions given to him over the phone. So far so good. Now, it is Saman’s turn to deliver on his promise. Can they really trust him? Is the money in good hands? No one knows!!!
Everything is going along fine. Everyone is happy for Pary’s sake, although the parents are, understandably, sad over sending their daughter away. They do not know when the next time will be that they see their daughter and their granddaughter.
One week after the money was paid, Saman calls Monir. He wants Pary to send him pictures of herself and Shirin for the passport. He also says that so far, everything is going well.
In the last few days, Pary has been busy packing all the stuff that she would like to have in Sweden for herself and Shirin. That came about in light of Monir’s offer to take those stuff with her when she travels to Sweden herself.
The day Pary is supposed to meet Shirin is getting closer. Everybody feels more and more nervous the closer they get to that day. Pary is both happy and sad at the same time. She is glad to get rid of Masoud and all the misery in her life.
She is sad over leaving her country, her home and her parents as well as her relatives and friends. But when she thinks about it, she has not, of late, had any interactions with relatives or acquaintances. The only ones in her life are her parents and her aunt Maryam. There is also Monir, whom she befriended recently, and whom has been an angel in her time of need.
21
Saman calls three times before the fifteenth. In the last call, he tells them they need to meet. They meet at Pary’s home. Bagheri, Marzieh and Monir are also there.
“Everything is set. I have your papers with me. Here is the passport for you and your daughter and the plane tickets. You and your daughter have got a tourist visa for Sweden for one month. At the airport, you have to go to the check-in counter number thirteen. You have to be there at exactly twelve o’clock. The person who is at that counter will be expecting you, but you should act casually. He has a description of how you and your daughter look like and he knows you by your names in the passport. He’ll give you your boarding-card. Then when you’re in transit where you have to go through passport-control, walk over to the counter number three. Stand in that line until it’s your turn. He’s also been tipped off about you and will let you go through without any issues. After that, it is green light. You make your way to your gate and board the flight. After about five hours, you’ll be in Stockholm. Like I said before, tear up your passport and your ticket on the plane one hour after takeoff and flush them down the toilet. Make sure those documents are illegible before flushing them, in case they search the bathrooms. Are you OK so far?”
“Perfect! Everything is fine! Thanks!”
“Don’t thank me yet. Hope you get there and everything goes well”.
Saman wishes Pary good luck and leaves. Everybody is in good mood. Finally, one step forward after all the setbacks.
Monir is going to book a flight to Sweden the week after Pary’s departure. She wants to be there with Pary. She is a really true friend.
“We’re going to have fun there Pary. Maybe we can start studying there and become someone”.
“Yes Monir. We’re going to show people like Masoud and Nader what we’re made of”.
The phone rings.
“It’s Masoud. You can pick up Shirin at nine in the morning. As said before, she has to be back sharp at nine in the evening”.
“Sure! Than …Hello!”
“That jerk hung up on me. Soon, he’s going to get a taste of his own medicine. When Shirin and I are gone, then he’ll finally get what he deserves for treating me like shit all the time”.
22
The day Pary has to pick up Shirin has arrived. Pary is particularly nervous. She does not want anything to go wrong. She rings the doorbell at Alieh’s place at exactly nine o’clock in the morning. Alieh answers through intercom. This time, she does not come to the door herself, instead she sends Shirin to the door.
Shirin is so happy to see her mom.
“Mamma, where you? You didn’t call. I want to go home Mamma”.
“I know my darling. We’re going to go home now. We’re really going home now”.
Pary drives home with Shirin. Her parents, her aunt Maryam, and her friend Monir are all there.
“Hi aunt Maryam!”
“Hi Pary! Were you going to leave me without saying goodbye?”
“No aunt, but I’m glad you’re here”.
“Yes, thanks to my sister who called me this morning. I’m glad for your sake Pary. Too bad that fate had something different in store for you and for my son”.
“What is done is done, aunt Maryam. We have to make the best of what we’ve got now”.
“God be with you my dear! I’m proud of you”.
Everyone goes to the airport in Bagheri’s car. On their way to the airport, no one seems to be in the mood to talk. Everyone feels like crying, each for a different reason. Pary’s parents want to cry for sending away their only child to a foreign land where no one knows what will happen. Pary’s aunt is ready to cry since not only she loves Pary very much but she is also sorry that she was not meant to marry her son. Monir’s eyes are teary as well, although, she wants to hide it. She is not going to meet her best friend for one week.
Bagheri tries to lighten up the mood:
“Monir, does your father know you’re going to Sweden in a week?”
“Yes, but they don’t know how Pary’s going there. They think she is like me. That she has a residence permit there. One day, I might tell them when Pary gets her residence permit. But right now, it’s better this way so, they don’t get worried”.
“Yes, that’s probably better like that”.
“When Pary is allowed to stay there, we can all go there together as tourists even if we don’t live there”.
“Maybe. But Bagheri and I are not young any longer Monir. We have to wait and see”.
“Marzieh, if you want to feel old, be my guest, but don’t include me in that. I’m still very handsome and charming”.
Everyone laughs. It worked. The mood is lighter. Before they know it, they have arrived at the airport.
23
Once there, they look for the check-in counter number thirteen that Saman had mentioned. There is still time left. Pary has to be at that counter exactly on the stroke of the clock as Saman told her.
Bagheri suggests that they go for a cup of coffee or something. Pary is tense. She does not want to miss her flight. Nonetheless, Shirin is hungry and should have something to eat. Therefore, they all go to a café after having located that specific check-in counter.
At the airport, there are a lot of people moving around as usual. Pary is worried. For her, it is of utmost importance that she gets going as soon as possible. She is not focused on anything else but her own thoughts. Around the table, everyone is talking to each other without Pary hearing even one word. Bagheri is aware of Pary’s state of mind. He can see how absent-minded and anxious Pary is. He does not want to aggravate the situation by small talks and jokes.
Someone approaches their table. Someone who recognizes Pary.
“Hi Pary, how are you? What are you doing here?”
“Hi!!! Sorry, do I know you?”
“It’s Reihane, your classmate from back in high school. Masoud’s cousin!!! Don’t you remember me?”
Pary is so far away in her thoughts and worries that it takes her a while before she could remember Reihane. That is all she needed. To meet a relative of the man she is about to escape from.
“Oh, sorry! Now I remember. Hi, how are you doing?”
“Fine. What are you doing here?”
Reihane looks at everyone around the table and says hi to all of them.
“Oh, nothing special. My cousin is going on vacation today”.
“Oh, how cool, who?”
Pary points to Monir. Now things are getting strange. Monir is a bit taken aback. No one knows what is going to be said after this, and what each and everyone’s part will be in this play from here on.
“She’s my cousin, as I said”.
“Hi again! Where are you going? Sorry, what was your name?”
Reihane is a very nosy person who has to know everything. She does not give up.
“Hi to you too! Well, I’m …Where am I going? I’m going to Sweden”.
Pary looks stunned with her eyes wide open. She thinks to herself:
“Hell, why Sweden? Monir, couldn’t you think of another place. Shit!!!”
“Oh, how wonderful. I’m also going to Stockholm today. When is your plane leaving?”
“Not today”.
“Sorry, when did you say?”
“Oh yes, today”.
Monir is trying to avoid answering, but Reihane is adamant and keeps pressing. In order to put an end to all that probing, Pary changes the subject by asking her:
“By the way Reihane, haven’t you got married yet?”
“Yes, that is exactly why I’m going to Sweden. His name is Kamal. He is a doctor. I’m on my way to join him there”.
“You, Monir, why are you going to Sweden?”
Reihane is not going to give up, it seems. She is unbelievably nosy. She is not shy by any means either.
“Reihane, how did it go with your studies? Asks Marzieh to distract Reihane.
“Well, I’m a doctor, but I want to study to become a surgeon in Sweden”.
Reihane turns to Pary:
“I heard you got divorced from Masoud. We don’t have any contact with Alieh any longer. They broke contact with the entire family after you guys got divorced. No one knows why. But the last I heard was that you left Masoud for someone else. Is that true?”
Pary gets very angry. It is obvious that Reihane does not have a clue about what really went on. Bagheri sees how upset Pary has become. How she is gone red in the face.
“Reihane, how is it with you father?”
Bagheri is also trying to somehow distract Reihane. But he gets no answer to his question.
“Oh, I have to go to the check-in. Everybody’s waiting there for me. It was good seeing you Pary. Take care. Bye everybody”.
Reihane gets going. Now is also time for Pary to head over to the check-in counter. Now she is even more scared than before. What is she going to say to that nosy Reihane who puts her nose in everybody’s business all the time?
“We have to go. God help us. That girl, she is very annoying”. Says Pary.
They go over and line up. Pary sees Reihane and her family who are the first ones in the lineup. There are about twenty people between them and Pary. Pary is agitated. She looks around in case Masoud is there.
“Calm down Pary. Things will work out. Don’t look stressed. You will attract unwanted attention to yourself”. Says Bagheri.
“Think if Reihane or someone in her family squeals to Masoud about Shirin and me!!!”
“No worries. You’ll be overseas then, if he finds out”. Responds Monir.
“I hope so! I have to get my daughter out of this hell”.
Pary and her family notice how Reihane and her family take a peek at them. How Reihane seems to be telling them something that gets them to turn and look at her. Pary is freaked out.
Finally the check-in counter opens up. Reihane is the first one to check in. After that she comes over to Monir.
“It seems we are going to be on the same plane going to Sweden. See you in the transit”.
“Sure.” Answers Monir in a very low voice.
“Shit, talk about bad luck! She’s boarding the same plane. Why must god punish me so harshly? What have I done to deserve such misfortune?!”
It was Pary’s turn in the lineup. She hands over her passport and the ticket. The employee takes a glance at Pary and Shirin. He then hands Pary her boarding card and gives her a look as much to say that everything is okay. So, Pary’s check-in goes without a hitch.
Now she has to get herself and Shirin to the transit. They first have to go through passport-control. As per Saman’s instruction, she has to go to the counter number three. All that is left is to say goodbye to her parents and her aunt. As for Monir, she is going to meet her in Sweden again, but her mom and her dad, when they would see each other again, no one knows. An emotionally charged moment. On one hand, happy over leaving Masoud and that misery behind her. On the other hand, sad about leaving everything and everyone whom she holds dear, and leaving her homeland forever.
It takes a while to say goodbye to everyone. Pary walks up to counter number three to go through passport-control. There are no problems. The person at the counter was expecting her and let her pass with no issues.
24
Now Pary and Shirin are in the transit. They walk around and find their gate. As soon as they are at the gate, Pary catches sight of Reihane who is sitting on a chair with her back to them. Pary wants to avoid her. She takes Shirin with her to the gate right across from theirs where she can still keep an eye on their gate. Pary sees how Reihane looks around once in a while as if she is looking for someone in that crowd. Pary knows that Reihane is looking for Monir who she thinks is going to Stockholm as well.
The time has come to board the plane. Pary waits till Reihane has gone through. She places herself last in the queue to avoid bumping into Reihane. Now everyone has boarded the plane. Pary has been given seats ten A and ten B. So far, she has avoided running into Reihane.
On seat ten C, an elderly gentleman is seated. He and Pary exchange a short greeting.
“It’s going to be a nice flight”.
“Yes, certainly”.
“Do you live in Sweden?”
Now it starts again. What is Pary going to answer? She wonders why people cannot leave her alone and let her be. She does not want to be impolite, but she does not wish to chit chat or answer people’s questions.
“I’m sorry! I have a tooth-ache and I can’t talk so much”.
“Sure. I live in Sweden. My daughter lives there. She is an engineer. That’s why we have to fly back and forth. I’m there a few months a year. A beautiful country. Very green and peaceful too. Imagine if we had that in Iran. So much greenery all over is one thing, but the fresh air is quite something else. Here in Tehran, one can’t breathe any longer. It’s like toxic …”
Pary is still shaken up. She mistrusts everything and everyone. So long as the plane has not landed in Sweden, anything can happen. Not to mention the chatty guy sitting next to her. Pary does not listen to what he is talking about.
The plane takes off. So far all has gone well. On the plane, everyone gets food and drinks as usual. Shirin is calm and collected. She feels safe and peaceful being with her mother. Thank goodness that she has conducted herself amazingly well.
“What a sweet child she is”. Says the guy next to Pary.
“Thanks!”
After food when Shirin is now sleeping, Pary also wants to take a nap seated on her seat with Shirin’s head on her lap. She closes her eyes to indicate to the passenger next to her that she wants to rest. In other words, to get him to be quiet.
Pary has not really fallen asleep yet when someone calls her name.
“Pary, Pary!”
Pary opens her eyes and sees the one she dreaded to see that is, Reihane.
“Pary what are you doing here?! Wasn’t it your cousin that was supposed to travel to Sweden?”
“No, she said next month”.
“No, I’m not stupid. She said today. When I told her we see each other in the transit, she said yes. What’s up?!”
“I don’t know. I’m just tired right now. Can we talk later?”
“I understand if you don’t want to tell me the truth. But something is going on. I can feel it. Bye”.
Reihane understands that Pary is hiding something; something that she does not want to talk about. She is crossed at Pary. She has no other choice but to go away and get back to her seat.
Pary is so fed up with everything that she does not care any longer about people like Reihane. She closes her eyes and rests.
When they are one hour into the flight, Pary gets up. She lets Shirin sleep on the seats. Pary takes her purse with her. She goes to the bathroom. Once in there, she tears up the fake passport and the plane-tickets. Using liquid, she makes sure they are not legible as Saman had advised her. She then tosses them in the toilet bowl and flushes the toilette. Now the fake documents are gone for good.
25
The roughly five-hour flight ends as they enter Stockholm’s airspace. Pary who could not sleep is now even more awake. What is going to happen?
The plane lands. When everyone is on their way out of the plane, Reihane forces her way forward and with a sour look on her face, she leaves Pary. She goes her own way knowing that Pary wanted nothing to do with her. The guy next to Pary also seems to have got the message so, he only says goodbye to Pary and leaves. Pary wants to wait until everyone has got off the plane. She and Shirin are the last ones leaving the plane.
When they get off the plane, Pary looks carefully and intently at her surroundings. The walls, the corridors, the color on the walls and the ceiling. The paintings here and there. She feels a sense of tranquility in the air. It does not sound as noisy as in Tehran. Everything seems to be in an orderly fashion.
Pary walks slowly with Shirin down the corridors and down the stairs. She wants to walk with small and slow steps. She wants to be the absolutely last one to reach the passport control. She wants none of the passengers to be there, specially Reihane.
She is, at last, at the passport control. There are hardly any people left. She goes forward with Shirin in her arm. At the counter, she hears the pass-control officer say something. But she does not understand.
“FLYKTING! … Fly k ting!!!”
The officer gets her point that she is a refugee coming off the plane. After a short wait, a police officer comes over and takes the mother and daughter to a room.
Fifteen minutes later, a female police officer comes with another woman in civilian clothing.
“Do you speak English?”
“Yes! I and my child seeking asylum. We are refugees from Iran”.
“Okay. Do you have your passport?”
“No, but I have my id”.
Pary hands them a notarized copy of her school diploma that has been translated to English.
“Where is your passport?”
“I did throw it in the airplane’s toilet”.
“Are you and your child hungry and tired?”
“Yes, very much. My only luggage is there on the roller”.
The police officers leave the room. After ten minutes, they come with two more colleagues. They take Pary and Shirin over to the conveyer-belt so she can point out her luggage to them. Afterward, they take them to a hotel near the airport. There, the mother and daughter are given a room. Pary also gets a string bag filled with shampoo, toothpaste, towel, body lotion, and other personal hygiene products.
“Someone comes with food to you later. You will soon have your luggage. Is it OK?”
“Yes, thanks”.
Fifteen minutes later, someone shows up at the door bringing them food and drink as well as their luggage.
“Here you are. You may check your luggage and see if something is missing”.
Pary opens the luggage and looks.
“No, everything is here. Thanks”.
“You should rest. Someone comes to visit you tomorrow. Good bye”.
Pary feels free. She takes Shirin in her arms, kisses her and sings a happy song.
“Shirin, we are free. We are home”.
It is quarter after seven at night. They eat a little bit and shortly thereafter, they lie down. For the first time in a long time, Pary sleeps without having dreams or nightmares. She just sleeps.
26
The next day, two police officers in civilian clothing along with a Persian translator show up. Pary is treated well and in a friendly and kind fashion. They ask if Pary and her child want to eat breakfast first before heading to the police station, to which Pary says yes.
After having breakfast at the hotel, Pary heads over to the police station accompanied by the police officers. She is nervous about how her refugee application will pan out, but she is fascinated by the differences between the two countries.
In Iran, the police is something scary. Most of them have a rough and harsh attitude. Here in Sweden, the treatment is so gentle that one does not feel any fear of the police.
When they get to the station, they go into a room. Another police officer is in the room, sitting behind a desk with his computer. Pary and the translator sit down. The officer greets them and starts the hearing.
Pary tells the translator that she has fled the country because of her husband, who with the help of legal system had taken her child away from her. She describes how male-dominated the Iranian society is. That women’s rights are a foreign concept there.
Police officer acknowledges her statement and tells her they know how it is in Iran. Pary explains that she has kidnapped her child and with the help of friends, she has fled the country. She points out the danger of going to jail for the crime she has committed, should she be sent back.
The hearing takes an hour. After the hearing, the police officer informs her that for the time being, she will be given a temporary place of residence. Also, she is told that the case will be forwarded to the board of refugees where a decision will eventually be rendered.
In the interim, Pary is granted permission to study Swedish language until the board has made a decision on her case.
Pary and Shirin are then taken to a residential area, where they are given a furnished, two-bedroom apartment. She also gets some money and meal vouchers from a social-welfare officer, who was at the location when they arrived.
Pary wants to call home and asks if that is possible. The social-welfare officer tells her that she is free and she can do as she pleases. She is further instructed to contact the welfare office in case there is something she needs.
Everything goes so smoothly that Pary herself cannot even believe it. She is overwhelmed by how nice it is to live in freedom. To go out without the veil. To be free to think and to have opinions.
Pary calls home. She laughs.
“Hi Dad. It’s Pary!”
“Hi my dear daughter. How are you? Are you there now? Is everything well?”
“Yes, everything went well. I am in heaven. They are so friendly. Wow, I feel myself being free. Dad, from the bottom of my heart, I wanted to thank you and Mom as well as aunt Maryam and Monir who supported me. You are all my angels in the time of need. Thank you for standing by me”.
“It’s just nice to hear you laugh and see that you are in high spirits. God be with you and Shirin. We pray for you two”.
“How is it going with you? Have you heard from Masoud?”
“Yes, he came early in the morning and started to create such a scene. But your mother is very brave. She hit him. She threatened him that she will go to Nahid if he shows his face here one more time. So, I don’t think he would dare come around here anymore if he wants to keep his marriage with Nahid”.
“What does he know about me?”
“Nothing. He thinks you’re here with the child. He is not going to get a hold of you any longer. So, don’t worry anymore. Live your life!”
“How can I ever thank both of you? God bless you two”.
Pary talks to her mom afterward. She also calls Monir later and tells her everything. Monir promises to be there in about a week. Monir asks her how it went with Masoud’s cousin, Reihane.
Pary tells her what happened. She also goes on telling Monir that she is no longer afraid of anyone.
At long last, everything went as it should. Monir came to Sweden. After two months, Pary and Shirin were granted their residence permit. They started a new life in the freedom of Sweden with a safe future.

The end.
###
Thank you for reading my book.
Dedication
I dedicate this book to all the women in the world who were and are under oppression, and who have no rights to live a peaceful life. To all those who suffer from abuse, who are forced to flee from their homelands, or who are murdered at the hands of their male relatives for different reasons.
Akram Monfared Arya
Previously published by Akram Monfared-Arya:

I have participated in:

Kista Anthology, Kista district administration (2002)
Poetry on a string, Kista district administration (2002)
Documentary by Simone Aaberg Kærn, Danish pilot and artist (2002)
Life puzzle, Career choice and life’s goal by Ebba Laurin (2004)
Women's lives in Husby: A depiction of gender, location & ethnicity by Carina Listerborn (2005)
Interviews on Swedish radio stations
UR, “Ramp om historia” programme
SVT, “Plus ekonomi” programme
Poetry online by Författares Bokmaskin (2006)
Poetry in one day by Författares Bokmaskin (2009)
TV4's cooking contest programme “Seven-thirty at my place” (2009)
Poetry in one day by Författares Bokmaskin (2010)
“Seven-thirty at my place” Cookbook, Bonnier Facts (2010)
SVT Dr. Åsa programme (2010)
Would you like to know more about me?

Please visit my website at:
http://www.arya.se
Or refer to Wikipedia:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Akram_Monfared_Arya
Or read my autobiography, “A successful landing on safe ground” at:
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/428619

Follow me on Twitter:
https://twitter.com/#!/FlyingPoet

Join me on Facebook:
http://www.facebook.com/#!/profile.php?id=1834267705
http://www.facebook.com/?ref=logo#!/profile.php?id=724582985

I am a member of the Swedish Writers' Association, and
Visual Arts Copyright Society in Sweden (BUS)

For public speaking engagements, please contact me at:
arya@arya.se
