Flute and Fire
By
Jill Wilder Running Hawk

Flute and Fire
Written by Jill Wilder
Smashwords Editions 2011
COPYRIGHT 2011 Jill Wilder

Chapter 1


Keith stumbled down the faint animal trail, concealed deep in the forest.  He found himself searching for some open space.  He had this pressing need to spread his arms out and circle around and still not touch anything.  The growth of the old Forest was immense, and nothing could have prepared Keith for this unexpected adventure.  The feeling of being surrounded by things so out of his natural environment was playing on his emotions.

Keith studied all his life about Earth’s ecology, and yet he felt so unsure and afraid.  Living on the Solar Star Base, orbiting around the Earth, with the woods created in the Reservatory, was nothing compared to the thick foliage that seemed to engulf him now.  A century and a half went into the planning and creating of the balanced atmosphere for the re-inhabitation of the Earth, and now Keith is standing on it, breathing it, sweating it and tasting it just like an animal...after all he is human, an animal.  

Finally he fell to the ground as he came to a small opening which gave him temporary freedom from the thick foliage of the Forest.  Laying on his back and exhausted, he gazed up at the sky framed by the tree tops.  Though about five feet was all that stood between him and next gnarly vines, tree roots and thickets, it was still five feet of relief.  Looking at the tree tops, triggered his memory of his fighter ship spinning toward the planet Earth…

… There was a moment when the craft stopped its spin and instinct took over.  Keith initiated the ejection procedure.  He remembered the small capsule surrounding him and a thrust as the capsule was ejected just seconds before the fighter smashed into the side of a Mountain.  The force of the fighter exploding pushed the capsule to the foot of the Mountain into the deep thick Forest.  After that everything went black.

When Keith first woke, he was looking at bushes, trees and vines that surrounded his capsule.  He hit the puncture release button causing the capsule to break away and freed him to the open Mother Earth.  Sitting up cautiously, he searched for  his laser gun on his belt pack.  There was no gun to be found.  Keith panicked as he thought of having no way to ward off any enemy he may encounter.

Then he remembered!  A simple but effective weapon made out of material forged hundreds of years ago.  Keo, a spiritual teacher and leader, gave Keith this knife just before Keith boarded his fighter. Slowly, he pulled it out from his boot and examined its worth.  The handle was made of deer antler with a delicate carving of a wolf.  This was followed by the shinny hard metallic material that Keith knew as steel - a lot like some of what the Solar Star Base pieces were made with.  He was told by Keo that long ago men fought off enemies with such tools, and that there were even times when their bare hands were used to take another’s life.  Though Keith could not understand why Keo gave him the knife at that particular moment, he was now very grateful for the gift.

Using the knife, Keith cut and sliced his way free of the tangled vines until he came across a small animal trail.  He began to follow the trail as it mischievously led him to more dense foliage.  He began to feel trapped again as he started to wave the knife to and fro.  His heart was pounding faster and harder with beads of sweat dancing down his face and back.  The feeling of delirium was closing in until he found himself lying on the forest floor gazing up at the opening through the trees...

As his memory brought him whirling back to the present, he could not stop thinking how blue the sky was.  Looking through the circle of tree branches above, he took in a deep breath to slow down his excitement and to blow away the anxiety that was building.  He noticed how the air felt so strong and pure inside his lungs.  It was like a new breath was being pumped into his very soul.  There he laid as he fell into a dream, a dream that was only for the Protected One.

Keith strained his eyes to see through the gray mist before him.  He could finally focus on a familiar shape standing there.  “Keo, is that you?”, asked Keith.  “Am I not really alone?  Are you here with me?”

In a voice that was woven with age and wisdom, Keo answered, “Yes, it is I.  Please come walk with me in your dream.  I have many places to show you and so little time to explain.”  Keo outstretched his arm to urge Keith to come forward.

Keo was typically dressed in loose cotton pants with a draw sting and a smock like top, all an off white color.  This time in Keith’s dream he was dressed in his best regalia.  He wore no shirt, but instead wore a bone breastplate.  The pants were made of white elk buckskin with beadwork following the seam of the pants going down the side.  The beadwork itself produced a pattern that gave the image of rippling purple water.  

Upon Keo’s head rested a Roach, a hair piece worn to make an appearance of a flattened out mohawk.  It was made with the finest of hair of wolf and deer.  The tail of the roach cascaded down the back of his neck and rested just past his shoulders.  In the center of the roach was the repeat of beadwork design found on the pants.  And there sprouting from the very center of the hair piece were two beautiful eagle feathers.  He wore wide bands of copper on both wrist and carried with him a dance stick adorned with eagle and retail hawk feathers.  Swinging from his hip was a tobacco pouch made of the same buckskin pulled through a hollow turtle shell.

On board of the Solar Star Base, Keo was the most ancient of all the people.  The population of Solar Star Base have grown slowly to 2500 people since they first escaped the Nuclear Holocaust some 200 years ago.  Keo has been there every since, seeming to never age - as if he has a purpose to the whole Cause.  No one knows why his is ageless, but they do know that Keo is the spiritual guide of their space traveling tribe and is well respected.

Standing  proud, Keo motioned again to Keith.  “Come Keith, there are some Great Grandfathers of our ancestors who await us for counseling.  They know you by your spirit name, Man of the Wind.”

Keith obeyed.  He had learned to trust Keo in the past.  He had learned to love Keo as much if not more than his own Father.  As Keo’s arm was placed around Keith’s shoulder, the gray mist lifted.

Together they stood outside of an old Lodge, that some of the Old People once dwelled in.  Keith remained speechless as he rubbed his hands up and down the animal hide that made up the wall of the dwelling.  He could see the smudged top of the Lodge where many fires had sent their smoke.

Keo clasped Keith’s arm and simply said, “Come”, then quickly led Keith inside the Lodge like a lost little puppy.

Once inside, none of the training as a starship fighter could have prepared him for what he now saw.  There were four Elders sitting upon a dirt floor, dressed in their splendid ceremonial dress.  These four men looked older than time itself, yet their eyes were bright and full of life.  They wore custom dress originating from each of their own separate tribes.  Again there was more animal hide and beads, shell and quill work that adorned the mighty Men.   One of them wore a huge band of feathers, another a Roach and yet another had a simple cap with beads and quill design telling a story of a famous battle from a long time ago, and the forth wore a band across his forehead with beautiful beadwork.

To Keith, what he was witnessing, was what he knew as folklore from his history library.  Keo and him joined them in a circle around the fire pit.  There was silence for a long time as each Chief took their turn puffing on an ancient prayer pipe full of sacred tobacco.  Keith was very familiar with the tobacco.  In the Forest Room, the Reservatory on the Solar Star Base they grew these same tobacco for special occasions and ceremony and to pray with.

The pipe was handed to Keo next.  Taking the red bowl in his left hand, he slowly took it to his mouth, watching Keith from the corners of his eyes the whole time.  Keo than passed the pipe to Keith,  “Draw on this four times.  It will bring you closer to the Great Spirit and put your mind in the right way, and then the council will begin.”

Keith’s hands trembled as he took the pipe.  With his eyes closed, he drew in the herb’s once and then again.  Though he smoked with a prayer pipe before, he drew too hard and his breath sputtered as he handed the old relic to the Elder sitting on his left.  When he opened his eyes back up, he saw all four of the Grandfathers giving him a toothless grin.  He then began to relax and accept his surroundings.

The Grandfather next to Keith spoke first.  The words smoothly passed his cracked lips,  “Once a long time ago, we all counseled a very young boy.  We told the same things we need to tell you.  His powers and leadership served the People well, however, there was a stronger force against us then.  A strong force still exist out there in the black space you share.  You know them as your enemy.  The people who want the Mother Earth solely for themselves and do not understand being stewards of the might Earth.  It will be written for someone else to conquer that battle, but you my son, will serve the position of the Protected One.”
Chapter 2

Stone guided his fighter bird back through the black skies of space to the Solar Star Base.  He kept going over in his mind the chain of events.  First, all three fighters where approaching the testing grounds on the planet Earth, his fighter being one of them, Shell flying the second and Keith in the third fighter.  His detector screen did not indicate any other crafts in the area, however, Stone could see the small gray fighter from the corner of his eye.  Before he could react, a shot was fired from this craft and struck one of the wings of Keith’s fighter.

He remembered screaming, “NO!”, as Keith’s fighter hit the side of the hill and busted into flames.  Stone tried to recount every detail he could for a full report would be expected on his return to the Solar Star Base.

His eyes began to swell with tears as he thought of his best friend’s sudden death.  As his sorrow grew so did his furry.  He wanted revenge, and not only for Keith’s death but also for his own Father, who was struck down by the same opposition a few years back.  His Father was on a diplomatic mission to reach the enemy and express the need to join forces in order to regain everyone’s rightful place on the Earth.  But before negotiations began, Stone’s Father was murdered in cold blood while aboard the enemy’s Ship.

The story of the beginning of the Solar Star Base is drilled into every child’s head.  A story so horrible - but never to be forgotten and the reason the People will continue to survive until they all can walk the Earth one more time.

Just a little over 200 years ago, the People were given signs by the Great Spirit to take cover - heed all warnings and know the end is near.  It was several wise leaders who took the initiative to plan an escape into the outer reaches of the black skies.  As the Nuclear Holocaust began, this small band of tribal people were successful in their escape.  All living things, humans, animal and creatures alike, were all either burned, melted slowly or painfully died from the radiation, except for those plants and animals and creatures that the little tribe could manage on their ship of salvation.  With all the knowledge from their ancestors and all the book knowledge given to these People, they had all that was need to survive to the present day.  

But what of tomorrow?  And what of the enemy who too escaped the Holocaust but yearn for sole possession of the Earth.  The People did not believe in possessions or ownership.  They always had the belief that all things are shared for the betterment of the People.  It was a blow to the People to find the enemy still had the ignorant notion that Mother Earth was only for them and something they could possess.

Stone’s Father was an excellent fighter, and many times had the opportunity to display his skills as the Solar Star Base defended itself from numerous attacks by the opposition.  The Solar Star Base was never the first to attack, instead, they prided themselves as peacemakers and concentrated on rebuilding the Earth so to return to Her beauty, and hope one day all could live in peace on Mother Earth.

Even though this peaceful philosophy was taught to all students on the Solar Star Base, revenge hung heavily on Stone’s mind.  Revenge for his Father and now for his closest Friend, Keith.  The deaths were beginning to be more than Stone’s heart could bear.

He wiped the salty tears from his face as he approached the landing bay of the Base.  As he docked his “silver bird”, he felt how heavy his heart weighed.  As others took over securing his ship, Stone quietly climbed down from the fighter and thought to himself, “These people have no idea what just happened.  They will soon realize that only two fighters have returned.  How can I tell the Captain about the fate of his only son!”

Shell landed just after Stone departed from his fighter.  Stone waited for her to de-board her own silver bird.  He knew Shell well enough to know she may need consoling, or maybe he could get some from her.  But instead, Shell quickly hopped out of her bird without even acknowledging Stone’s presence.  No tears stained her lovely face.  No sorrow showed in her graceful walk.  Instead, she quickly walked away to give her report to the Captain.  Stone quickly followed her, puzzled by her reaction.

As Stone rounded a narrow corridor, on his way to the council chambers, he felt cold chills run down his spine.  Softly a sound began to emerge in his head.  A sweet melody was gliding out of a wind pipe, a flute and filling his head. Sounding so real, Stone found himself shaking his head to rid himself of it.  It did not go away.  It began to take control of Stone.  Finding himself helpless, he then leaned up against the wall and allowed the melody to take him over.

After a minute or two, Stone heard a faint voice repeating between the notes,  “Only two Souls shall inhabit the Earth, one carrying the gift of the flute, the other carrying the great Birth.  Here again, will begin the Sweet Earth.”  Softly, Stone whispered the words as the melody began to fade.

As he regained control, he picked himself up off the wall and again headed down the hall to the council chambers.  As he entered the chamber, Stone could not help but take special interest in the mural painted on the back wall.  Even though it had been there for years, today it looked very different.  The mural was simple; a big sun setting behind two mountains.

The room was void of any tables or chairs.  The council is conducted in a circle on the floor.  A few pillows and bears skins were thrown for comfort.  Only after Stone took his place upon the floor, did Shell lift her downcast eyes and looked at Stone.

In the council chambers, everyone was expected to show honor for the Captain by remaining silent until his arrival. This suited Shell just fine for the moment.  She did not wish to share her thoughts.  Locked inside her for four nights was a dream.  Dreams to the People were often considered tools for visioning the future or aiding in decision making or healing.  To Shell it was four nights of nightmares of watching Keith’s fighter explode.

Shell kept going over this recurring dream in her mind.  She found herself tossing in her sleep and waking up soaking wet from the sweat, and her heart pounding from the feeling of fear.  As hard as she tried she could not rid herself of the thought that Keith could possibly die.

For several years, Shell was blessed, and sometimes cursed, with the gift of visioning the future.  She vowed to keep this special ability a secret from everyone, even her most trusted friend, Stone and lover, Keith.  The only person who knew of her ability was Keo.  Keo seemed to know almost everything.

As she continued to stare at Stone, across from the council circle, she fell into a trance.  She was familiar with this feeling, for this was how the visions would begin.  Stone finally turned his gaze from the mural, and found Shell’s eyes fixed on him.  He wondered if she was actually in shock.  “This is not her normal reaction to things,” he silently thought to himself.  He kept his eyes locked with Shell’s until the Captain walked into the room.
Chapter 3


Keith just stared at the Great Grandfather during the next moment of silence.  Finally Keith spoke first, “The protected One?  Are you referring to the Prophecy?  Are you telling me that I am the Chosen One?”  Keith’s eyes were big, and full of fear yet mixed with awe.

The second Great Grandfather picked up the sacred pipe and once again begun its circular journey among them.  As each Grandfather took their draw, Keith’s mind rambled through all the history stored in his brain, trying to bring up details of the Prophecy.

Keo, being the great Story Teller, once told of this Prophecy.  There was a Warrior who had served his People well.  He became a Leader of Peace among the People and a Teacher of Harmony with all that surrounded the People.  The very details escaped Keith for the moment, but he did remember that the Peace was at a great cost and left a scar on the Warrior’s heart.

Keith drew four more times on the prayer pipe, again passing to the Grandfather to his left.

The second Grandfather began his oral tribute to the Great Council, “Keith, there is a gift we want to give you.  Along with it comes great responsibilities.  The Mother Earth is the most precious gem and now it is ready for the People’s return.  She will be your protector as well as you being Her protector.  The enemy is nothing but a shadow in the past.  Their’s is a destiny they will meet at another’s hand.  The only enemy you will face from here on out is yourself.  Remember all that was taught to you on the Solar Star Base, especially the History, the Stories!”

The third Great Grandfather stood.  He motioned to Keith to rise with Him.  As Keith did so, he became captivated by the crystal blue eyes of the Father.  Keith swore these eyes were piercing him and seeing into his very soul.  His long gray hair was in two braids that framed his old face.  The wrinkles were deep and well worn.

The Grandfather stretched out his hand to Keith’s.  Keith faithfully answered the call.  As they touched hands Keith instantly realized who he was touching.  The Son of the Great Spirit Himself!

The Grandfather’s eye pierced more deeply and then suddenly Keith found himself alone with the Grandfather on a great Mountaintop.  In the most strong and melodic voice, the Grandfather spoke, “Look, my son.  Look at the beauty that surrounds us.”

Keith’s eyes grew with excitement, as he took in the glorious view.  His heart was pounding!  Mountains across the way were covered with white snow, sparkling from the great beams of the Sun.  Down the Mountain sides were the greenest fir trees and other beautiful plants, all dotted with late summer flowers.  They sky above the Tops were of a crisp blue with puffs of white clouds.  The songs of the Birds were all dancing in the air, and the Wind was forever moving.

Keith felt something cold touch his hand.  As he looked down to see, his eyes were locked with the bright eyes of a sleek timber wolf, whose nose rested in Keith’s hand.  The wolf’s pelt was a shimmering gold and white.  As Keith took his eyes away, the wolf turned and ran down the mountain with his tail waving in the air.

Overwhelmed, Keith turned to the Father and asked, “Grandfather?  What is it that makes the Birds sing?  They do not sing as beautifully on the Solar Star Base.”

As the Grandfather continued his gaze over the valley below, he answered Keith, “They have been given the gift of the wind.  Just like that wolf, who ran so swiftly away, has the gift of the wind.  Now, I am here to give you the gift of the wind.  You, Man of the Wind.”  The Grandfather moved his eyes across the valley and up the Mountains across the way.

Again the Grandfather spoke, “What you see now was once destroyed by the hands of People just like yourself.  They were humans, but unlike you, their egos overtook their souls and greed became an obsession.  All of these things are enemies from within.”  The Grandfather thumped his chest twice with the last remark.  “Those People no longer cared about the natural balance or the original instructions that were given them.  Only Mother Earth can paint this sight.  As you can see now, She has blessed the People with another chance.  You shall become a Child of the Earth.  You will learn swiftly like the wind.  You shall produce children and teach them the ways of long ago.  Together, you all shall become the new/old People of the Earth.”

The crystal blue eyes of the Father clouded up as he took in a heavy sigh and concluded, “Remember, whatever befalls the Earth shall also befall the Children of the Earth.”

With the last word spoken, Keith found himself back in the circle on the floor of the council.  Once again the pipe was stoked and passed in the circle.  This time the fourth Great Grandfather spoke.

As the words began to flow out of the hardly moving lips of the Great Grandfather, the air in the Lodge began to stir.  “You have the knowledge of the devastation that was once Mother Earth.  Those are stories Keo always made sure his children heard.  The Star Peoples’ purpose was to aide in the renewal of what was so brutally destroyed.  The People of your Solar Star Base have done this.  Mother Earth is now ready to take her Children back to her bosoms.  It will be your honor to teach the Way to the Grandchildren, seven generations down, so the People will never have to leave Mother Earth’s arms again.”

The Grandfather broke for a moment to wipe the tears that began to track down his cheeks.  It was not long before he began again, “There is this pain I must always live with in my heart.  I have witnessed the streams, once so clear and full of life, and then to be full of poison created by people with egos bigger than their head.  There would be all kinds of animals laying dead by the stream - they were only thirsty.  And the air was once so pure, and blue beyond compare - then hideous sick yellow clouds surfed on the winds and became the air in the lungs.  All the plants and trees suffered.  The People were so blind by the enemy within, that they could not see that they were destroying themselves.  And to have the attitude that people can destroy Mother Earth is naive.  Why, Mother Earth is very capable of destroying us like you and I were a scab on our own skin.  There must be respect for Mother Earth, and for the Great Spirit.  That is all I have to say.”

As the pipe was lit one more time and journeyed the circle, Keith began to understand the Honor bestowed upon him by these highly regarded Holy Spirits of the past.

Keo handed the pipe to Keith and spoke, “I sense that you have reached an acceptance of your destiny?  I knew the day your were born what was to be your fate.  I have taught you many useful tools for the journey yet ahead.  Your Father and Mother will be very proud of you.  Your Spirit is a strong one - much like that of your Mother’s.”

“Mother”, said Keith, “I have not thought about her for many years.  I am still sadden not to have known her.”

“Look inside yourself and you will see her.  Come let us leave now”.  As they left the Lodge everything turned to the gray mist from before.  Keith turned to speak to Keo and found no one there.  Instead he found himself lying on the ground looking up through the tree branches at the crisp blue sky.  Keith laid there for some time watching the wind move the clouds and dance with the leaves on the trees.
Chapter 4


Keo stood in the doorway of the Sanctuary.  He was clothed in his Ceremonials, minus the Roach  from his head.  His hair was slightly tossed from the removal of the head piece.

The Sanctuary was a place aboard the Solar Star Base that a person could go for meditation, or simply to be alone with the Spirits or to pray.  It was a simple room with very little lighting.  A wooden box sat in the corner full of candles made from bees’ wax.   The burning of a vigil candle became a common practice on the Base for aiding a love one during their Crossing Over or Healing.

Sitting in the middle of the room upon the floor, was the Captain of the Solar Star Base.  His back was to Keo.  A trail of smoke lifted up above his head from the candle he was now burning along with the smoldering sage bundle that lay in the abolone shell next to his folded knees.

The Captain’s lifted up his head, feeling Keo’s presence in the room.  “Keo?”, the Captain asked, “Why are you dressed in your Regalia?”

Keo’s eyebrows raised as he noted the fine qualities of his most favorite students from years past.  He even knew what Keo had on without even turning his eyes towards the door.  Taking in a long breath, Keo answered, “Because, my friend, today is the beginning of the Prophecy.  It is also the beginning of our preparation and for deciding the choice we all must make.”  Keo held his position at the door.  “I have come to tell you your council awaits your arrival.”

As the Captain lowered his head back to the burning candle and sage, he replied, “I know without even going into the council that I will never see my son again.  My heart weighs very heavy.  Tell me Keo, when will my spirit be lifted again?”

Keo understood this man’s pain well and finally entered the room and knelt down by the Captain.  Keo too, fixed his eyes upon the burning candle and gently spoke, “My dear Captain, you will be at rest the day we all rest.  We will talk more of this when the council is over, but for now your People await you.”

With their eyes leaving the flame and looking at each other, the Captain spoke, “I am very thankful you have been by me side all this time Keo.”  Together they rose, left the Sanctuary and headed for the council room.

Once the Captain entered the council room and took his place completing the circle of People, the council began.  Already the room was smelling of burning cedar, clearing the mind to think proper.  Everyone in the room could sense a presence never felt before.  A light breeze began to stir and the chill was creeping up every spine in the circle.

Keo, feeling the uneasiness of everyone around, spoke up first, “It is all right, my Grandchildren.  It is only the Spirits of the Ancient Ones.  They have come to witness our council.”  Keo looked straight at Shell, while speaking the last few words.  She tore her stare away from Stone only to lock eyes with Keo‘s.  She knew from that moment on, what her destination was to be.  The air around the circle began to settle.

The Captain opened the council,  “I have suffered a great lost once in my lifetime, and now it seems I must suffer once more.”  He paused as he gazed at everyone in the circle.  “You are my People, my extended family.  I must bury this pain that has happened to me and direct my focus on you...the People.  

Keo generally sat next to The Captain, but this time choose to sit where he could see the mural painted wall and fixed his stare upon it.  After noting where Keo settled, the Captain began again, “I have a feeling that my son Keith, is never to return to this Solar Star Base.  My only goal and focus from this day forward is to complete our mission that our Grandfathers and Grandmothers set forth for us to do.  It is time to begin the last stage of preparation.  Soon humans will once again walk on sweet Mother Earth.  

Across the circle, Stone closed his eyes and let out a deep breath.  He was relieved not to be the first to speak of Keith.  His heart was too heavy for that.  Now, his priorities too, have changed, but he could not put out of his mind what he saw.  And still, there was the song.  He wondered what Spirit planted it in his head and why.

“I suggest”, the Captain said, “that the council listens to the reports from the two returning Birds, then we will council again in the morning.”  The Captain purposely made eye contact with everyone in the circle, until he met Stone’s closed eyes.  The Captain calmly spoke, “Stone, you did the best you could do.  I know Keith was a close friend and maybe it is his Spirit that is with us at this hour.  Be strong and give forth your report.”

Stone popped open his eyes and quickly replied, “Yes.”  Stone took one big breath in and then slowly out before he continued.  “Either there was a malfunction in my detectors or the enemy has a new shield for their fighters.  Nothing showed up on the image screen.  But from the corner of my eye I saw it fire the fatal shot.  Keith had only 45 seconds to stop his spin and eject.  I never saw the Bird stop spinning, until it was a fire ball in the side of the Mountain.”  One tear fell from Stone’s eye as he turned his gaze to the mural on the wall.

The Captain sat silently for a long moment.  He then raised his eyes to met with Shell’s.  “Shell, you have always been of strong mind and spirit.  I always found you capable of going the distance.  With your sharpness I am sure you have a  report to share.  If you please.”

Shell always had a firm and confident sound in her voice and this time was no exception.  “I too, did not have any signs of the opposition’s presence, but I saw something that Stone did not see.”

Stone quickly moved his eyes from the wall to Shell.  With great interest, he listened.  

Shell continued,  “I did see Keith’s Bird Stop spinning just before it hit the hill.  I know the chance is slim, but I thought I saw something shoot out and fall to the ground at the time the spinning stopped.  I want to hope there is a chance that he is alive.  I would like us not to wait until tomorrow to council again but instead, let us refuel and go on a search party.”

The Captain knew Shell was always sharp minded but all she would be most affected by Keith’s death.  They were companions, mated for life, but it did greatly lift his spirits to think there was hope that Keith may still be alive.  Besides, Shell seems to have this way about her.  Very strong woman.

“Keo?”, the Captain asked.  “Do you wish to guide us in our decision?  I do not want us to be chasing any false hopes.”

“Captain”, Keo replied as his eyes left the mural to focus on those in the circle, “This matter at hand should be treated as any other in the traditional way.  None of us here should seek answers from the other, but seek from within.  Keep with the Way and bring out the sacred feather to discuss what lays on your heart and the rocks for the vote.”

“So be it.” said the Captain.

Keo brought forth to the Captain a wooden cedar box.  Inside were two compartments.  One holding a set of smooth stones, painted white on one side. The other holding a white Eagle Feather with beadwork and leather at the bottom of the quill.  The feather was gently and respectfully handled by the Captain.  “I hold this Great feather and will begin its journey around this circle.  Speak what may be on your heart when you hold this feather or pass it on.”  To the Captain’s left, the Eagle Feather began its journey.

Around the circle sat a few Elders and some of the best fighters and strategist on the Solar Star Base.  An Elder went first, “I speak from my heart...Keith is a brother, a grandchild.  I love him as my own.  I find everyone’s life precious.  I believe if the feeling is strong among us, then we need to honor him by trying.”

As the Feather floated around the room from hand to hand, the voices sang the same tune.  “Honor him, make an effort out of respect and faith”.  The Feather ended is journey in the Captains hand once more.  “I am deeply moved”, was all the Captain could choked out.  After a few moments went by in silence, the Captain spoke again, but in much stronger voice.  “These rocks will cast our votes, please take one and pass the box around.”  

“The matter at hand is do we search for Keith and risk the chance of losing more good fighters?  Let the vote begin.”  

Laying of the stones in the center of the circle, began to the left of the Captain.  One by one each member laid his rock according to his vote.  When it reached the Captain’s turn, all the rocks before him were turned up white.  The Captain calmly laid his stone down as white, then reached up to his cheek to catch the tear.  “In the very least, we will honor him with an attempt to recover his body for the proper “crossing over”, ended the Captain.  After a pause, he continued, “Now about the search party...”

Quickly Stone spoke, “Captain sir, Shell and I already know this valley well.  It has been all three of our studies this last season.  We know where he crashed...”, Stone’s eyes glimpse for a few seconds at the mural.  “We can do this with back up on the way in.”

“Please Captain,” broke in Shell, “I know our emotions are spent, but what we are feeling is coming from within.  Yes it is personal and yet it is for the People.  Stone and I have great ties to Keith, but we also have great ties with our People.  Keith’s fate must be confirmed before we can put this to rest.  We would consider it a great privilege to return for any one of our People.

Captain gently picked up the Feather once more and spoke, “Is there any one here who feels Stone and Shell should not go?  Please take the Feather and say your piece.”  He held the Feather out and panned it around the circle allowing everyone to take the opportunity, but all were silent.  The Captain raised both hands and again spoke, “That is the end of the council.”, he passed the Feather to Keo to put away and rose quickly to head back to the sanctuary.

Everyone silently filed out of the room.  Shell was the last to come out.  Stone stood in the corridor waiting for her.

Shell stopped in front of Stone and whispered, “Stone, I don’t know if Keith is alive,  I did not see the bird stop its spin.  I had my eyes closed.  However, I feel he is alive.  I can‘t explain it right now, but trust me on this.”  Shell took one of Stone’s hands and held it as she pleaded, “Please Stone, trust me.”

“You lied to the Captain!?”, Stone whispered back.  “You did this for a personal thing after all.  And to involve me!  Well, little Bird, you have better be ready in an hour for our suicide flight.  You know those fighters are still out there.”  Quickly Stone turned and walked away.

Shell slumped her shoulders as she realized that her friend had no faith in her.  She walked the opposite direction as she mumbled under breath, “Good-bye Stone, see ya in an hour.”

Chapter 5

After awakening from his gray mist dream, Keith struggled a few minutes to recall where he was.  He gazed around at this close surroundings.  He noted that his pale colored shirt was torn in places along the sleeves and back.  The matching pants were torn all around the knees and beginning to rip up the seams.  Rubbing his hands ups and down his leather boots, Keith noticed how well they took the beating.  Just a few nicks and scratches.  His belt pack that hung on his hips was also intact, though minus his laser gun.

Keith stood, so to stretch his aching muscles and bones.  As he pulled his arms well over his head, his eyes caught sight of another opening leading to a good size valley.  The valley he and his team had been mapping for some time now!  

His heart raced, as he studied the few yards of thickets that laid between him and the sea of green grass.  Suddenly he bent down looking for his knife he dropped earlier.  Securing his grip, he began hacking away at the thickets.  Soon he pulled himself clear of the gnarly vines that had trapped him for so long.  He stumbled. as he begun to walk forward through the waist high grass.

Before the crash, no one had ever walked on the Earth, except for the occasional release of the Solar Star Base lab animals into their new Earthly homes.  But no human has set foot down upon the soil with the purpose of remaining, even if accidental.  Now Keith found himself here.  It was an exhilarating feeling to see the valley he had studied for the last few seasons only from a different point of view rather than a loftier one. Gingerly, he began to hop and skip through the slender blades of grass, like a dancing butterfly.  The trees spotted the valley in many places.  Everything was in early summer bloom and expressing their wonderful scent.  The abundance of floral color gave breathe to the beauty of the land.

Panting from all the excitement, Keith finally rested at a spot where the grass was lying flat.  he untied his belt pact pulled out a small candle to light, only to realize he had nothing in which to light it with.  He mumbled to himself,  “I suppose my candle will not be lit, but I will still give my offering of thanks for the Great Spirit sparing me my life and letting be a part of this beauty the surrounds me.”

Long ago, when the People did inhabit this Earth, there were sacred herbs used for such purpose as offerings.  Today on the Solar Star Base they grow some of those herbs but can only allow a certain amount to be use due to the limited supply.  The People have always relied upon their resources at hand and have utilized the beeswax for this purpose and many others.

Patiently, Keith cleared a spot on the ground in which to place the candle.  He then took another look around and directed his courageous voice to the sky and began to pray, “Wakan Tanka, Great Spirit, it is I, Keith Ambrose, Man of the Wind, who has come to greet you this fine day!  I am truly blessed to see such Grace.”  Keith motioned with his arms to the glorious valley before him.  “I will honor this land of my ancestors.  I will do it right by the laws of God the Great Creator and the original instructions.  I am willing to face the fear, just I ask you show me the way.  Lead me to the destiny you have laid out for my spirit.  As the Chosen One, I do not feel worthy of such a Great task, but for you Creator, I will be your warrior if you call it to be!  Let me know You are with me.”

Keith bowed his head and closed his eyes in meditation, but soon found his nose being tickled by the smell of burning wax.  He opened his eyes to find the candle lit.  He tested the flame with his finger much like pinching yourself to see if it is a dream.  Quickly he snapped his finger back as the flame bit.  Quietly, Keith sat before the candle, pulling his knees up to his chin and wrapping his dirt smudged arms around his legs.  He stared at the candle for a long time and replayed his recent dreams and visions in his mind.

The growling of Keith’s stomach brought him back to reality.  In the historical studies of his Ancestors,  Keith learned many ways to cultivate food and how the People of the land would snare game for meat, or gather berries or nuts.  His stomach began to growl more.  He had to find something to eat, but first he will gather some wood, seek a camp site and begin a small fire pit before the candle burns all the way out.  He wanted to retain the power of the fire.

Roaming through the valley, Keith pondered on how to catch his game, and what to go after.  He had no sword or arrow to kill with, so that option was  eliminated for immediate use.  He felt he was not strong enough to fight animals as big as he.  No, he would not hunt bear today.  But pricking in the back of his memory of all the tales and folklore, was an option that could prove to be fruitful.

“Yes, that is it!”, Keith blurted out loud.  He remembered hearing a story about Fur Trappers and how they built several kinds of traps for all kinds of game.  He decided he would worry about how to kill the animal after it was caught.  Maybe use his knife at the point.

There was a tale told by Keo, of a trapper who would dig holes, big deep holes, and cover them with branches and brushes so to disguise the hole.  Keith’s only dilemma was what to use as a shovel and where to strategically place the trap.  “Hmmm...as far as what to catch , well I suppose that will be determined by what animal falls in the trap first.  I guess I will dig a whole as big as I can manage to trap an animal my size or smaller”, Keith concluded in his mind.

In the valley were many streams that fed into a small river.  One deep stream in particular had a lone tree near its banks, where a bend in this stream took a sharp turn.  This spot was also close enough to where Keith decided to set up camp with his fire already burning.  So if anything yelps, he will hear it.  Keith deemed this spot perfect for his trap.

Just up on the bank were several large pieces of flat thin rock weighing 5 to 7 pounds.  Using one of these pieces and twine that was tucked inside the belt pack, Keith fastened to a long strong stick, creating a crude shovel.  With the rock now secured in the split end of the stick, he began to dig.

It was all trial and error, but Keith managed to make the shovel work for his purpose.  Half way down in the hole, Keith began to breath in deep and smelled the damp Earth.  He stop only for a moment to enjoy the new sensation.  It took nearly an hour and a half to dig the hole to his satisfaction.  By that time his shirt, or what was left of it, was soaking wet with his sweat and labor.  

Before he could rest, he will need to gather branches to cover the hole.  Nearby in the distance was a small grove of young willows.  “Perfect”, Keith mumbled under his breath and with his knife he harvested no more than he needed and vocal a prayer of thanks to the Mother Earth for her generosity of the fine pieces of willow.

The only chore left was to find what would entice an animal to stand at this spot.  What Keith needed was bait.  Taking his sweaty shirt off, Keith wiped off his face with one of the torn sleeves.  As he pulled his shirt away from his face, he noticed the salty smell of his sweat.  “Maybe, just maybe”, he mumbled again and plans became clear.  Quickly he rubbed all the sweat off his body with the shirt.  He hung the shirt from a branch that was suspended over the hole.  Keith was in hopes that some animal would be curious of the scent.

He walked a few paces away to admire his craftiness.  Suddenly his attention was averted to the stream.  Two big fish jumped up in the air.  Keith’s stomach just roared.  How long would he wait for an animal to fall.  Then another idea of fishing for food came to mind.

Following the bend back around the swollen stream, Keith headed back towards the small grove of yellow aspens, where his camp was set and the fire still burning.  There was very little grass growing at the feet of these white barked trees.  Some big gray rocks were cropping up from the ground in the very middle.  It did make a perfect camp site.  

These gray rocks stood four feet tall in spots, as its tops rounded up and down, from the wind, looking like rolling hills.  Marking a rather large circle around the soft dirt floor, the rocks became protecting walls to the camp.  There were plenty of fallen dried out wood scattered around to make the first night’s fire last through to morning.  

Feeling a little domestic, Keith looked back at this tidy little camp.  He began to feel the hunger pains again.  He looked back at the stream.  As he walked back to the stream, Keith eyed the ground for another long sturdy stick.  It wasn’t until he reached the stream that he saw the floating stick hung up in the stream by a fallen log of a oak tree.

The stick lost all its outer bark to the rushing water.  It’s skin appeared grayish white.  Picking it out of the stream, Keith examined its worth.  Slowly he turned it over and studied the smoothness that was occasionally interrupted by the small knots.  Grasping the stick with both hands, he tried to bend it without breaking it to test the sturdiness.  It was strong.  Some magic the water must have given this branch, for it was stronger than anticipated.

Deeming it most worthy, Keith slid out his knife, that was securely tucked away earlier.  With the last of the twine from his belt pack, Keith tied the knife on to one end with the point of the knife extending beyond the stick.  “This will work for a spear in a pinch”, Keith laughed to himself.  He then realized how much he was enjoying himself and his ingenuity.  Shirtless, hungry but hunting for food, camp set up - yes, Keith was experiencing instincts he only read about in his history studies.  Motions acted out by his ancestors before him.

Keith’s attention was suddenly adverted back to the stream and the two beautiful salmon jumped into their arc leaving the rainbow spray of the water traveling behind them.  Again, the stomach grumbled.  Keith took a serious tone as he set out to wade into the water. 

Chapter 6

Stone paced back and forth beside his silver bird, while he waited on Shell to arrive at the docking bay.  She was now an hour late for their departure.  On his way to the docking bay, Stone went to Shell’s living quarters to check on her.  He did not find Shell there, but he did find her journal left open to today’s entry.  It was as if she wanted someone to read it.  As if she knew Stone would come.

Stone respected Shell too much to pry into her private thoughts, but he was concerned over the sudden change in her behavior.  At first, Stone simply rubbed his hand over the written pages, as if his fingers could absorb the message.  He then quickly went back to the entrance of the quarters to see if anyone was in the corridor.  It was empty.  Just as quick, Stone went back to the journal laying on the table by the round viewing window that gave glimpses of the star studded space.

Stone’s eyes grew big as he read the first passage...

DATE 9th Moon, 4th Day

The Great Spirit has spoken to me several times in the last few days.  I still find it hard to believe the destiny of my life.  And I do wish I could tell Stone, for now I really need a good friend to give me strength.  A verse came to me earlier in the form of a song.  These are the words:  Two souls shall inhabit the earth, one carrying the gift of the wind, the other carrying the great birth.  Here again, will begin the sweet Earth.

Stone was shocked to see those words written on paper.  He then knew it was Spirits who spoke to him earlier - those same words.  A chill ran up his spine as he closed her journal and tucked it away on a small shelf.  He could not read anymore.

Back at the silver bird, Stone shivered as he remembered the incident with the journal.  Still pacing, he stopped only momentarily to received a note from a messenger.

“Stone?”, called out the young boy,  “I have a note for you from Keo”.  He handed the note to Stone and quickly turned and left.

Stone mumbled to himself,  “The mission has probably been called off”.  Stone was unusually nervous as he opened the note.  The message was as follows;

Stone, 

You must practice patience.  Shell will arrive soon.  I needed to council her before this mission.  Prepare to travel together in one bird.  Shell will tell you more when she arrives.

Faithfully, Keo

Reading the note again, Stone hoped to find a hidden message.  None could be found.  Suddenly, he wadded the note into a ball and with all his frustrations that was building, he threw it into the cockpit of the silver bird.

Needing to be alone and regain his composure and meditate upon his inner thoughts, Stone chose to visit his favorite place - the Natural Reservatory.  This special place was as close to a re-creation of the beauty found on Earth.  It was the largest room on the Solar Star Base.  Sitting on the top of the ship, with a great dome of a sky, this place gave breath to plants, trees, birds, and other wild creatures as instructed by the Creator, Wakan Tanka, the Great Mystery.

There was a loft that circled the entire dome area.  Here, was where many people came to be in solitude.  Stone walked around the loft until he found a spot that suited his soul.  He promptly sat down and relaxed himself and prepared to become one with all that was around him.  Looking across the trees and watching the birds in flight from one branch to another, peace began to pour into Stone’s thoughts.

If ever he needed strength, it was now.  He opened his mind to the spirit world and called upon his Father, “Oh Father, if you can hear me now, please tell me what am I to do?”

A breeze could be felt on Stone’s face.  He knew it was not the great fans that that circulated the air in the great dome, but the coming of his Father’s spirit.  Patiently, Stone waited to hear the voice call...

“My son, I have been awaiting your calling”, came a sound voice from the invisible air.  “I must first tell you not to despair - I can see success on our side.  Do not try and seek revenge for my death - for my death was an honorable one.  We all have a purpose in Life and yours is about to unfold.  Patience you must practice, for as time progresses so will the unveiling of your duties to the People.  For now, my son, gaze across the beauty of the Nature and let its magic work its wonder on you.”

“But Father!”, cried out Stone, “I have held my patience too long.  I fear I can not wait much longer.”  Silence enveloped Stone as he waited for his Fathers response.  None came.  Stone remembered his Father had always been direct with any given answer, and never stood for any rebuttal.

Again Stone gazed upon the trees and continued to watch the birds in flight.  He did as his Father instructed him.  He took all of the sights before him into his soul as he remained seated in the loft.

There were robins, blue jays and cardinals aplenty, and every other clump of red flowers were being tasted by humming birds and yellow jackets.  The air smelled of sweet earthy scents while the leaves on the trees spoke in the breeze.

Not far from where Stone perched himself, stood a majestic Oak Tree.  It was the first tree planted in the dome when this sky colony began rebuilding their world.  Upon it’s highest branches you could always find a great big Eagle.  The great Oak spread it branches out as if in praise to all of its surroundings.  Stone was suddenly caught by its beauty - no matter how hard Stone was to try and look away, he could not - the great oak seemed to entrance him.

Stone rubbed his eyes as he saw the Great Oak lean to the left.  He could not believe what he was seeing.  Again the Oak leaned more as if to bend down and whisper something in someone’s ear.  Suddenly a big crack of wood echoed throughout the dome.  While the once perched Eagle took flight, the Great Oak came crashing down to the dirt floor below.  Other birds were fleeing the branches as their homes were flung from their resting places.

Stone stared at the Great Oak Tree that laid sprawled upon the ground below him.  Others, who heard the mighty crack had now gathered by Stone up in the loft.  A few began gathering around the tree below.  Everyone felt a great loss, for the Great Oak had become a symbol of the People’s growth since the holocaust.  Everyone felt the loss, but Stone.

Gazing down the mighty tree, Stone followed its trunk down to where it led into the ground.  Not far from that very spot were young tree saplings.  They held out their young tender branches and basked in the rays of the sunlight that fell from the domes sun disk lights.  Only then, did Stone realize what the Great Oak was trying to whisper to him.  Only then, did Stone see that the Great Oak fell to make room for the new growth, and to give food to the young saplings.  Only then, did Stone began to partly understand his destiny.

Back at the dock, where the silver bird rested, Shell was now waiting on Stone’s return.  She sat quietly by the wing of the bird and began to reflect upon her council with Keo...

Her and Keo sat side by side in the sanctuary.  Three candles were lit, one for Shell, one for Stone, and one for Keith.  The counseling began by giving thanks to the Creator,  Shell softly spoke,  “Thank you for the breath in my body, and for the creation of my destiny.  Let these candles that burn give refuge to our souls in this most darkest moment.  And thank you for giving the People such a leader as Keo.”

The shadows of the candles danced upon the walls as Keo drew in a deep breath, “I wish to give thanks to you Great One for the gifts you have bestowed upon me.  I wish to thank you for giving me strength and courage to comfort our People.”

Keo gingerly pulled out from beside him a long leather bag.  Placing the bag in front of him, Keo carefully pulled out the stem and pipe bowl.  Once the pipe was pieced together in the sacred manner, the bowl was filled with sacred tobacco that was harvested from several plants in the Natural Reservatory.  Respect was given to each direction as the bowl was filled.

After lighting the pipe, Keo handed it to Shell.  They passed the pipe back and forth until the tobacco was cached, saying words of prayer in between each toke.  The smoke whirled in the air and carried each prayer with it.

Once the ceremony was completed, two of the candles were blown out, leaving only one to burn for Shell.  Keo then took Shell’s hand in his.  “My dear, I know you have a great love for our People and Mother Earth.  This love is being returned to you.  The Spirits have given you a great gift of life that now stirs in slumber inside of you.  Protect yourself and this soon to be Child.  The Spirits will protect Keith.”

With his freed hand, Keo wiped the tear that rolled down Shell’s face.  Softly Shell spoke, “The Spirits keep nothing from you.  I have told no one of the baby and yet you know.  So tell me, Great Elder, what destiny are myself and the new spirit inside me to travel?”

Keo let out a light hearted laugh and placed both of his hands on Shells shoulders as he prepared to answer.  “I know of the world, my child, but to give all the answer is the same as in destroying all the spirits.  Growth is part of seeking the answers for yourself and I realize you have always been seeking”.

“We are here in human form, so therefore we must do things the human way.  Except for those who are gifted with sight, the future is not for us to see while living in the present.  But, so to soothe your soul, I will tell you this;  your destiny belongs on Earth and your child must be born there.  You shall become a steward of the Earth along with child, there will begin the sweet Earth...this is the beginning of your Destiny.”

Shell came spinning back to reality of the present, as Stone stood over her gently calling her name.  “Shell?  Shell, what far off land were you in just now?”  He reached out a hand to help pull her up from where she was sitting by the bird.  “Are you all right?  I have noticed a change in you.  You know I have played your big brother all your life.  If you need someone to talk to I am still your brother.”

Shell smiled a warm smile as Stone helped her off the ground.  “I love you Stone, but our lives are about to take a turn in separate directions.  There is nothing you can do but to have faith in me and the Creator.”  Quickly, Shell turned and proceeded to climb into the sliver bird.

Stone smiled to himself and said, “Yes, our paths are turning!  I am not sure exactly what direction, but I know they are certainly changing.”
Chapter 7

After removing his boots beside the stream, Keith was shocked with his first step into the cold water.  He sharply sucked in his breath until his lungs were full and he could hold it no more.  As Keith began to accustom himself to the rushing cold, he could then feel the moss on the rock beneath his feet as well as the gooey feel of the mud as it crept through his toes.

Keith began reflecting upon a story he heard of a hunter standing quietly in a stream at the mouth of a pool.  Keith positioned himself in just such a spot.  He held his spear in his arms like a baby, and quietly became one with all that surrounded him.  This was a lesson taught by Keo to all fighters.  “Always know you are equal, not better, not worse, simply a part of it all.”

After a few moments of meditation, Keith raised his spear above his head and directed his attention to the clear pool just before his feet.  As his eyes began to adjust to the waving water he could see all colors of red and brown in the clumps below the surface, but some were moving!  With a swift down stroke of the makeshift spear, Keith lost his balance and fell in!  The fish all scattered at the splash.

Keith sat in the water for a moment, overcoming the shock of the cold and wet.  Sitting there he looked up to the sky, and the thought of Shell entered his head.  A tear began to fall down his face as he realized the ache of never seeing her or his Father again.  Before his eyes could become cloudy, the sky hosted to a beautiful creature that immediately caught Keith’s attention.

Her beauty was beyond compare.  She made her spiral circles against the darkening blue of the early evening.  Her brownish black wings held a perfect arc as the feathers ruffled in the wind.  Her strong white neck and fierce head bestow her the look of a graceful warrior.  The golden eyes, scanned the Earth below waiting and looking for what Mother Earth was going to give her today.  She manipulated her flight with the full fan of her white tail., as her yellow talons hung below her in anticipation.  She was a fully matured Eagle.  An Elder of her kind.

Immediately upon recognition, Keith stood up out of the water, letting go of his spear.  It was before he was born that the Solar Star Base released a dozen Eagles they had to the Earth.  This was the first time he had seen any of those Eagles, except for the pair that remained at the Reservatory!  He became very mesmerized by the flight she took, spiraling forever until she took a plunge down into the near by river and came back up with a fish in her talons.

Keith could not help but let a smile creep across his face.  Despite being cold and wet, he felt blessed to have seen Her.  However, his attention to the Eagle was not helping his hunger pains.  So after a short bit, he reached across the pool for his spear and again became one with all that surrounded him.

This time, Keith would not slip.  With spear drawn overhead, he focused on a dark orange brownish and red movement below the surface of the water.  His eyes darted the direction the fish swam.  Keith readjusted the grip on the spear.  Never leaving his eyes off the trout, Keith came down with the spear, parting the water and striking the fish.  Though the knife was through the fish, the fish still put up a struggle as Keith pulled his spear out of the water.  With the pole occasionally jerking, he carefully walked back up the bank and headed to camp.  

The rainbow trout was removed from the spear and placed on a forked stick now leaning against one of the rocks.  Keith untied the knife from his makeshift spear and placed back into his boot.  Still wet, Keith began to build up his fire by adding more wood.  The candle had long since gone out.    He never had any opportunity to build fires on the Solar Star Base.  He had been given lessons on how to, but never really tried to start one.    There were some things they were limited to on the Solar Star Base.


Keith thought of Keo, again, and the many stories he would share.  Fire was always an important part of survival in Keo’s stories, and one in particular told of a special stone called flint.  As Keith brought this story forward in his mind for detail, his plan became clear.  Keith needed to find flint and he would use the metal of his knife and create sparks.  Surely this fire will not last and he will need these tools for the next fire.

A big smile spread across Keith’s face, as he realized Keo gave him that knife, not just as a friendly parting gift, but as an important tool for survival.  Keith realized that all along Keo was preparing him for this journey.

As the fish continued to cook, Keith walked out among the aspen trees and began looking upon the ground for small stones that looked like flint.  All Keith could remember about the stone, was its color of gray and its smoothness.  And of course, the sparks that would fly if hit by steel.  He started a process of using his knife he retrieved out of his boot and striking every stone that was gray and smooth until sparks flew.

It was about a dozen stones or so later that Keith found his flint.  Jogging back to the camp, Keith’s heart began to swell with pride as he realized that he was very capable of surviving this wilderness.  A few hours ago, Keith was gnarled up in vines and thickets, thinking he would never get out.  But now, he has a camp, a knife, firewood, a pit for animal trap and soon he will have wonderful rainbow trout to eat!

Returning with the pieces of flint, Keith sat back by the fire, thinking about all that was accomplished that afternoon.  He had a lot to be thankful for, but slowly Shell entered his mind and heart.  He would give anything to be holding her now.  It would be wonderful to conquer the wilderness with Shell and her grace beside him.  She was indeed a lady of strength and wisdom.  There were times when Shell could tell Keith what he was going to do before he even knew.

The smoke from the fire sent the smell of the fish waving under Keith’s nose.  he rose to turn the fish over to the other side.  As he began to sit back down he heard a faint scream from the direction of his trap.  Keith grinned to himself and wondered what the Great Spirit was blessing him with now.  

Pulling the fish from the fire, Keith grabbed his knife from his boot once more.  Keith began a jog around the bend of the stream to investigate his trap.  He was in hopes of getting back before his fish got cold, but did not want whatever creature who fell to get away either.

It was not long before Keith approached the trap.  He tiptoed, so not to make any sound as he got closer.  The sun was beyond the mountains, and one had to squint the eyes to see.  The pit was dark at the bottom as Keith peered into.  

With his heart pumping with excitement, Keith waited a few moments for his eyes to adjust to the darkness.  Keith could see an outline of a creature that made no movement.  He knew the fall was not far enough to kill any animal, but maybe, if he was lucky, knocking them out would be good.

As Keith continued to focus on the form, there was something familiar about it.  Keith’s heart began to race with excitement.
Chapter 8

The sanctuary was a special room for worship and giving thanks to the Creator and all the spirits.  The four walls were each colored a different color to represent the four direction; East in the color yellow, South in the color white, West in the color black and North in the color red.  The hardwood floor was dyed green for Mother Earth, and the ceiling was colored blue for Father Sky.

Sitting quietly on the floor, by a low lying table made of cedar, was Keo.  He sat there awaiting the Captain.  Silently, Keo thought to himself about times so long ago.  Then speaking to the Creator Keo said aloud, “I remember when there was a time that our Leaders were called Chiefs instead of Captain.  That time was indeed a long time ago.  I have lived longer than any Elder or Healer is suppose to.  I have been waiting for the purpose about to unfold.”

“I do honor this gift given to me by You, but the pain of seeing generations disappear is hard to bear.  Now, this final thing that You are asking me to do will be the most painful.  However, I will finally get to meet You, Creator and be with my old family again.”

He stirred in his seat as if feeling unsettled.  There was a small pouch hanging around his neck.  Keo fingered it as he examined the patch of hide.  Slowly he began to open it and gently pulled out four claws of an Eagle, placing them on the table in the four directions.  Then he reached in and produced a small leaf of an oak sapling.  This was Mother Earth.  Once more he reached into the pouch and this time out came a small feather of a bird.  This was Father Sky.  The leaf and feather were placed in the center of the claws.  Underneath his breath, Keo began to chant in an old Indian tongue.  He was calling to all the sacred spirits to hear his words.

As he kept the song going, he pulled out of the pouch a cloth wrapped package.  Setting the package to one side, he slowly unwrapped it to reveal some tobacco.  Pinching some pieces in his fingers, he quickly sprinkled some upon the west claw and circled around finishing in the center.  He stopped his song and sat quietly as he fell into a trance.

Tears began to roll down the old man’s face.  Suddenly, with his right arm, Keo angrily swept the mess off the table, as his cracked and trembling voice cried, “Why!”.

The Captain stood in the archway of the sanctuary, quietly staring at the disarray of things on the floor.  After a long moment of stillness had blanketed the room, the Captain entered, while dropping the drapes of animal hides closed behind him.

Only then, did Keo sensed the Captain’s presence.  “Forgive me, Captain, I...I do not know what came over me”.  Avoiding the Captain’s eyes, Keo continued in a shamed voice, “I became angry with the spirits.  They sometimes show me things I do not want to see.”

As quickly as Keo spoke he regretted what he had said.  All spiritual leaders are to be looked up to and not to be seen in a bad way and yet here he sat confessing to the Captain of his weakness.  He was being human.

As another moment of silence passed, it was soon broke by Keo’s heavy sigh of self understanding, “Ah, yes, it was not the spirits I was angry with, but my own self for not wanting to believe the message of the Creator.  He has laid a heavy stone in my heart.  I simple did not look beyond the meaning like I should have.”

“Keo”, the Captain gently spoke, “you are the Spiritual Leader of our People.  I know you pride yourself on being ageless and yet full of ages.”  The Captain sat himself down next to Keo.  Before he continued, he placed his strong hand on the arm of Keo’s.  “Keo, I am also your friend, and if the load becomes so heavy upon your shoulders, then please let me lighten that load.”

Keo broke into a smile with a small chuckle from his old throat.  He clasped his dry brittle hand upon the Captains and said, “Yes my friend, the load is too heavy and all in due time you will be sharing this load.  Also in due time, the load will be lifted from all of us.”

“Well, for now, you can let me help you pick these things up.”  As the Captain rose to help Keo, he was guided to sit back down by the old, but surprisingly strong arm of the great Elder.

“No Captain, those things can wait.  There are some things of urgency that I must discuss with you now.”

A concerned look crossed the Captain’s face.  Lately, he had experienced a nagging feeling of dread or doom.  Now, as he searched deep into Keo’s eyes, that nagging feeling was flooding back through his veins, making his heart pace faster.  Drawing in a long breath, the Captain said, “Yes, Keo, you have my complete attention.”

Keo stared for a moment into the dancing flame of the candle that managed to remain on the table before them.  He drew in a deep breath and began with the composure of a great leader instead of an old tired man losing control.

“Captain, all the people aboard this ship have learned of the great reverence that we must have for Mother Earth.  Mother Earth and the Creator are now asking us to give them the most precious gift of all.  We must now prepare our souls.  We must give ourselves back to Mother Earth.  There are many ceremonies we must do over and over again before the sweet world we once knew can begin again.”

A bewildered look fell across the Captain’s face.  “Keo, Grandfather, Tunkasila, you have spoken in riddles before and I have always found guidance in them.  This time, I am at a lost.  What do you mean by giving ourselves back to the Earth?  Do you mean it is time to return?”

“Ah yes, Captain, I do tend to speak in parables or riddles.  Life is a mystery for us to seek the answers to!  I can not paint the picture clearly for you because you reaction will be much like mine was just moments before you walked in here.  It is someone else’s job to finish painting that picture for you.  However, it is my job to prepare all of us for the awakening.”

A long still silence passed between the Captain and Keo.  Both stared at the flame of the candle.  The Captain placed a hand on the Elder’s shoulder and softly said, “It is miraculous that you have lived for 250 years!  You have guided many generations.  It is not my place to question you or Wakan Tanka, the Great Spirit.  We are here to save the Mother Earth and our People.  Let me know when the first ceremony must begin and I will prepare our nation.”

With that much said, the Captain rose and quickly left the room.  Meanwhile, Keo gathered his things from off the floor.  Each item felt heavier than before.  How could he tell Captain, that the People will have to prepare to meet their Maker.  This was the only way the sweet Earth will live on.  Keo must prepare the People to die in order for all to live again!
Chapter 9

The silver bird glided through the velvet space as it made it’s way into the Earth’s atmosphere.  The silence between Stone and Shell was unbroken, until they reached the valley where Keith’s bird crashed.

“It’s hard to believe we were here just seven hours ago“, said Stone as he secured the bird in the open valley.

After looking around at the tall grasses and trees with their various shades of green color, Shell finally spoke,  “The Valley has a different look here on the ground compared to our more normal position in the sky.  The Creator must truly dwell in every inch of this place.”

After a few more minutes of view the valley from inside the bird, Stone responded, “Well, we only have two hours of sunlight left before it becomes dark.  I suggest we separate and search then meet back at the bird around sunset.  Remember, as the sun hit’s the mountain tops, we have only 30 minutes of good light left, before we must return.”

“Stone?”, Shell spoke as she started to slip out of the bird.  Meeting Stone at the nose of the bird, she continued, “Promise me something?”

Stone held his gaze upon her.  Deep down something told him this may be the last time he was ever going to see her again.  Shell was one of the best friends he had.  He has already lost one good friend and now it appears that he may lose another.  He already knew what she was about to say.  He took her hands into his and said, “Yes, Shell.  I will promise you anything.”

“Stone, I do love you so.  In spirit we will always be as one.  Now you must keep this promise.  If I am not back by sunset, you must leave without me.”

Stone could not speak what was in his heart.  Instead, he simply let tears roll down his face.  He already knew she would not be back at sunset.

Shell was quick to wipe those tears from his cheeks.   She then embraced Stone for a long time.

After the two stepped back from each other, Stone found the courage to speak, “Shell, I do not completely understand why you and I have had our paths turn in different directions, or where your path is to lead or what you see for the future, but I, just like you, have been spoken and touched by the Spirits and my Father.  I must return to the ship for my journey is laid out there.  I have this feeling your journey is here.”

“Stone, I must go while I still have the daylight.”  Shell eyes were suddenly full of awe as she no longer looked at Stone but past his shoulders to the glory of the sun blazing above the mountains.

Stone quickly reached into his shirt and pulled out a string that hung around his neck.  Taking it off over his head, he placed it around Shell‘s neck.  Hanging from the string was an Eagle claw.  “This was my Father’s, it will protect you from harm.  Never forget about me .”

Shell lightly fingered the charm, then quickly pulled it off and placed it in Stone’s hand.  “I am not the one who needs protection.  Here the Creator will be walking with me.  But you, you do have a heavy journey ahead of you.  You must keep this.”  She reached up and gave Stone a light peck on his brow.  “I love you Stone.  And I will always remember you.”

As she pulled away, Stone saw the confident smile on her face.  Before he could say any more, Shell was walking briskly away towards the West where the sun was just an hour or so away from kissing the brow of the mountain tops.  

Stone stood there for a long time watching her walk into the distance.  When he could see her no more, he finally put the necklace back on over his head and stuffed it back into his shirt.  He turned to walk around the bird when he saw the huge oak tree standing apart from the others at the edge of the valley.

Knowing that he did not have the need to search for Keith, he decided to search for his soul instead.  In almost a child like gallop, he headed for the tree.

Once Stone reached the tree, he lightly placed his hands upon the bark.  He could feel the energy, the spirit of the tree from within and realized what Shell had meant by, “The Great Spirit must dwell here”.

Stone sat beneath the Great Oak tree and gave thanks to the four Directions and Mother Earth and Father Sky.  He began to chant the song that the Spirits placed in his heart earlier that day.

As he sat there singing, he took in the sights of the valley.  The shadows of the mountains began to creep towards him and the Great Oak.  Robins and Bluebirds flew from branch to branch, chattering over the new visitor beneath their tree.  Off in the distance, a coyote was trotting through the open field with his coat shimmering in the golden orange light of the setting sun.

Stone soaked up the vast colors of the flowers that spotted the valley.  He noticed the various flies and other bugs looming and crawling all about.
He had seen these things back in the Reservatory, but these things were now thriving in their own world without the help of his People nurturing them.  Suddenly, Stone felt very small and insignificant.  He felt human.

Across from him in the valley deep, was the coyote trotting off with a limp rabbit hanging from the dog’s mouth.  It was then, that Stone realized how important he was, and all the creatures and plants about.  Everything was related and belonged to Mother Earth, including himself.  All of them were equal.  All of them were links to the chain that made the Great Circle of Life.

Stone smiled to himself, as he thought of his own life.  He was born into this world with great ease.  He had a Father and Mother, who loved him dearly.  His mother died when he just turned sixteen.  It was his mother’s death that made him cross the threshold of childhood into manhood.  It was also then that he decided to be a star fighter and turn his life over to Keo as a warrior.

It was not until his father was murdered, that Stone ever felt the likes of revenge.  But as he sat under the Great Oak, he questioned himself as to rather the revenge feeling was really against the enemy or life itself, for now he was alone.

Reflecting back now to the when the Great Oak tree fell in the Reservatory, Stone felt himself spin back to reality.  He stopped his chanting.  A tear slowly made a path down his face, as he realized how his life was to complete itself.  It is to happen for all the things that surrounds him now.  What an honor to give this back to the Creator.

It did not matter if his revenge was against Life or the enemy.  It was now going to be all vented towards the enemy.  That is his purpose.  That is his journey.  That is what the Spirits have sent him here for.  To kill the enemy.

As he rose to head back to his bird, he took one last look around the valley and the mountains beyond.  Wiping the last of the wetness from his eyes, he wonder how could anyone destroy such grace and beauty.  All those years ago, how could those people not see the treasures that lay beneath their feet.

Slowly, he walked back to the bird.  Not once did he think about Shell or Keith.  Deep down, he felt they were going to be fine, for the Creator was on their side.  But Stone did have one question left.  As he climbed into his bird, he set his mind to work on how they were going to destroy an enemy, that has so much more power than the Solar Star Base.  How was he going to lead the warriors into the greatest battle of all time.

Chapter 10

The People of the Nation knew Shell by another name, Graceful Warrior.  She moved with ease through the tall grasses of the valley.  Prancing through foothills, she referenced to a map drawn in her mind of where the wreck should be.  Without any hesitation and as if she lived in this valley from beginning of time, Shell knew which way to turn.

She approached the steady rise and fall of the foothills in a surprisingly short amount of time.  As she ascended another foothill she noticed how the sun was hosting long shadows and would soon edge its way over the mountains.

Picking up her speed, she galloped over and around foothill after foothill.  When the long shadows were beginning to win over the last remaining sunlight, Shell rested again upon the top of yet another foothill.

Like a hungry wolf, she scanned the area ahead with desperation slowly creeping in with the dark.  Then she saw it!

A smaller valley laid nestled to one side of a big mountain.  A small river, reflecting the last of the fading light, wound like a snake through the valley.  Her eyes followed the river back and forth until it disappeared at either end.  But as she gazed up to the mountain, it was the black scar on the mountain’s side that caused this graceful warrior to suck in a breath of excitement.

Her heart began to race as her analytical mind began to access the distance between her and that black mark.  She looked back at the winding river, scanned the valley floor, then back at the scarred mountain.

Shell began to pull away her eyes from the scene, when she spotted something near the river.  It gave off a reflective light that was caught by the setting sun.  It only took her a moment to realize what she saw.

Breaking out into a  big smile and raising her arms and hands to the sky, she shouted, “He ejected!  His is alive!  Thank you Great Spirit, thank you!”  She held her hands high and eyes closed as a moment of pride and praise welled within her.

Suddenly Shell’s eyes open and grew wide.  “I must go down to the river.  If he is alive he will follow the river!  

Without any hesitation she descended the foothill and steadily made her way to the valley and its ribbon of water.  The sun was gone now, but still there was a purple cast of light still hanging in the air.  On the Solar Star Base, the only water source was the brook that felt its was around the Natural Reservatory and whose origins come from the condensation throughout the Solar Star Base.  Shell was not prepared for the captivating beauty of the river before her now.

As she reached the river, Shell followed it upstream.  She was amazed at it’s depths in spots and shallowness of others.  At one point she marveled at the colorful stones that lay beneath the moving waters.

It was getting darker and Shell was amazed at how her eyes were easily adjusting to the light that was left.  She could see upstream a place to cross over to the other side.  As she began to leap from rock to rock, Shell stopped in the middle of the stream.  An urge rose inside of her to touch the water and to taste the sweetness.

Gently she cupped her hands in the water.  She was surprised to find how cold it was.  The water rushed around her hands as she let the spirit of the river soak inside of her.  

After moments of marveling at the water, Shell raised her cupped hands to her mouth and drank.  The sweetness was there, just like she imagined.  The coolness could be felt as the liquid made its was down her throat.  The feeling of satisfaction overwhelmed her as she closed her eyes and took in the sensation completely.
 
The water of the Earth was a beautiful gift for Shell to receive.  Realizing this, Shell said a small prayer of thanks to the Creator for allowing her the opportunity to taste the Earth’s wine.

Shell did not want to leave the riverbank, yet she knew she must move on for the light was almost completely gone.  She began walking again along the river’s edge taking in all that she could see.

As she looked further out among the path ahead of her, she spied something hanging from a tree limb, swaying in the light breeze.  As she got closer to the object, she began to recognize it has a torn shirt.  Then it dawned on her that it was Keith’s.

She tore out into a run.  Once she reached to spot, she stopped.  She wonder where Keith was and why was his torn shirt hanging from this tree.  Looking around into the fast creeping darkness, Shell saw no signs of human or animal alike nearby.

Slowly she stepped towards the shirt.  With her hands outstretched to touch the shirt, she moved one more step closer.  Shell felt the ground give way underneath her and let out a scream.  As she fell into the hole that Keith dug, she caught her head on a rock and all went blacker than the coming of the night.
Chapter 11

The personal rooms or pods in which the People would sleep or have alone time are very modest in design.  There was a cubby hole in the wall with the mattress, pillows and blankets for resting.  A small desk was neatly tucked into the corner with a matching chair.  Closet and drawers were cleverly camouflage into the wall.  One window allowed the view of the vast stars that littered the black velvet outside. For the Captain, no favoritism was shown.  His room was just as simple.  

He sat at his lone chair and stared out into the space beyond the window.  It has been a long time since he shared his pod with anyone.  His late wife was a beauty!  Every night he remembers the joy she gave him and he remembers the pain of her loss.  Tonight was no different than any other, except he was feeling the loss of two instead of one.

His name was Malcolm Ambrose.  When he was given the position of Captain of the Solar Star Base, he chose to lose his name and have all address him as “The Captain”.  It wasn’t because he did not like his name.  He was very proud of his lineage.  He knew what his name meant, “pleasing and fit for the gods”.  However, the Captain felt that he fell short of the duties the Creator had for him.  He felt that he could not live up to his name.

His wife loved his name.  Many times she would say his name just to hear it.
It was many, many seasons ago, his wife entered his life in the most unusual way…

A young and handsome Malcolm entered the Natural Reservatory for his daily meditation.  Many of the People of the Solar Star Base, would seek refuge in the Reservatory for moments of quite and self seeking.  As Malcolm found his favorite spot near the brook, he settled down on the dirt floor sitting cross legged - or Indian style as it was so classically labeled eons ago.

As always, he began with closing his eyes and focusing on his breathing.  In deep with his breath, hold, release, pause and repeat.  A calm and peace settled over him as he continued to breath.  While Malcolm began to descend deeper into his subconscious, his concentration was broken by a giggle that seem to come from a nearby bush.

With one eye open and a little perturbed, Malcolm looked over towards the bush to see what has rudely interrupting his sacred time.

It was the lilac bush that rustled and moved.  The giggle came again.

“Hey”, Malcolm shouted, “who goes there?  Why are you disturbing my time?”

More giggles, more rustling of lilac branches.

“Show yourself, if you have any courage.”

The lilac bush rustled more, but this time a beautiful woman stepped out from the light purple blossoms.  Her hair was dressed with some of the delicate blooms.  She was slender and long legged and well endowed that any man’s head would turn.  Malcolm was left breathless by her beauty.

“Who are you?”, lightly demanded Malcolm, “I have not seen you here before.  I thought I knew everyone upon this Solar Star Base, especially one as beautiful as you.  How could I miss meeting the likes of you?”

She giggled again.

Malcolm stood up and gingerly walked over to where she stood.  “What is the matter, does the cat have your tongue?”  He circled around her and she smiled as her head turned to follow him.  Malcolm was captivated by her eyes.  Bluest eyes he had ever seen.  They seemed to sparkle more than any precious gem.  They also seem to look deep into Malcolm’s own eyes and pierce at the privacy of his very soul.

“My name is Eve”.

Her voice was sweetness in his ears.  Like a joyful song being sung.

“I am Malcolm”.

“I know”, she replied with a teasing smile.

“How can you know me and I not know you?”

“You are even more handsome than they told me you would be”, Eve giggled again.

“They?  And just who might they be?  And why are you rudely interrupting me in my time of meditation?”  Malcolm’s feelings of perturbness was quickly slipping away.  He was beginning to enjoy this little interruption.  Not every day does a man come across a beautiful woman stepping out of a flower bush!

“Oh, they?….well that is not important, but what is important is that I like you very much.  Oh, and yes, I have a message for you.”

Startled by her response, Malcolm scratched his head and replied, “Message, huh?  Well what news do you have for me.”  He very much wanted to reply to the part of her liking him, but he deemed that not proper at this point.

Eve began to walk down the path that followed the brook and looked back and said, “We, as in you and I, must first find Keo.  I believe he is your spiritual leader?”

“Yours too!”

“Oh, yes, that is right.  He is mine too!  So please take me to Keo”

Malcolm looked at her a little confused by some of her notions, but she was just too beautiful to brush off so he continued with her game.  

“Okay, I will go with you and we will look up Keo, then I want to hear your message.”

No more words were exchanged, just glances and smiles as they made their way to the sanctuary where Keo usually could be found.

Keo was putting away his prayer fan into a medium size cedar box.  As he picked up the box to moved to the other side of the room, young Malcolm and Eve came into the room.

Keo smiled.

“I see that Eve has found you, Malcolm!”, began Keo.

“Yes, no wait…how did you know who she is?”

Eve giggled and stepped forward before Keo could answer, “I am very honored to see you once again.  I have come with a cause and am seeking your help.”  Her blue eyes sparkled as she held out her hand for his.

Keo took her hand and cupped it with his other, “You are so very beautiful, as I remember.  Malcolm, you have met one of my daughters.”

Malcolm was quite taken back.  “I am very honored and yes I agree she is very beautiful, but I had no idea you had a daughter!  I mean, does anyone else know!  I mean…forgive me Elder, I have shamed myself.”  Malcolm cast his look to the floor.

“Oh, no you haven’t,” laughed Keo.  “All of you, are my grandsons and granddaughters.  But I must admit, this one is special.  Please Malcolm, I believe that Eve has news to share with us both.  Would you come and join Eve and myself in feast and while we eat we will talk.” 

Young Malcolm’s heart filled with warmth.  He cheeks began to blush as his eyes were caught by those sparkling blues…

…The Captain loved his memories of Eve.  His wife.  Keith’s Mother.  He missed her, but he knows that one day he will meet back up with Eve when his body dies.  Her Spirit is waiting at the rivers bend for his Spirit’s crossing over.  Meanwhile, the Captain knows she comes and checks on him, like now.  The air smelled of lilacs.
Chapter 12

Stone had time to think and reason to himself on his flight back to the Solar Star Base.  After he finished docking his bird and leaving the crew to finish the rest of securing the silver machine, Stone stepped away from the docking bay and stretched his tired aching body.

In the middle of a stretch and yawn, Stone could see Keo waiting at the door to the corridor.  So much had been swimming in Stone’s mind that talking to Keo might do him some good.  Straightening out one’s thoughts works best when turned over to a fresh mind.  Stone walked over to the doorway to greet Keo with greatest of respect.

“Hello Elder!  Wish you could have been on this trip with me,” sighed Stone as he reached out to shake Keo’s hand.

Grabbing Stone‘s outstretched hand with both of his, Keo replied, “I understand your weight has been heavy.  Come let’s walk a ways to your pod and we will talk a little.  I bet your bed is calling your name, beckoning you to some sweet dreams.”

Together they did not walk fast, nor did they walk slow, but at a pace in which one can carry a conversation.  

“Keo, I do not always understand what the Creator wants us to do, but I have faith all will turn out for good.  However, I had a vision that is hard to swallow.  What I believe Great Spirit wants of me and the People of this ship is going to be very hard to come by.”

“My Grandson”, Keo replied, “being a warrior is never easy.  The Creator has chosen you for this task because he knows your strengths and warriors will always be tested.  For now, it is advised that you keep your task to yourself and we simply spend the next seven months preparing the People.”

Stone knew in his heart that Keo already had knowledge of what the Great Spirit was requesting.  However, knowing why it was to be done this way was a little out of reach for Stone’s understanding.  If only he could share these thoughts with Keith or Shell, his best friends.  Together, all three of them always figured out the hard riddles and puzzles.

“I trust that Shell was left behind on Earth?”, Keo changed the subject.

“Yes, she is.  I really did not like leaving her there either.  What if she doesn’t find Keith, or is a big animal, like a bear finds her first.  She might even fall and break a leg or something.  Oh, I worry too much I know.”

“Yes you do, Grandson, but those details are for the Creator to work out.  Keep the faith.”

Stone stopped walking.  Turned and looked at Keo who stopped a couple of paces ahead.  Looking into Keo’s eyes, Stone let one lone tear fall from his own.  In return, Keo caught the tear in his palm as it dropped from Stone’s cheek.

“The Great Spirit has created this tear.  It is full of sorrow and joy, hate and love, bad and good.  This tear is all of life and all we can do is let it flow and respect it for what it really is…a part of you and a part of the Creator, a part of life.”

Stone had no reply but let what Keo said soak in to his already crowded mind.

“I suppose you need to rest now.  Upon waking up, I would like you to meet me in the sanctuary in the morning.  I have something for you.  Go on now, get some sleep.  We will have lots to discuss tomorrow.  Maybe then you will find some answer, if you do not find any in your dreams.”

Stone agreed to the sleep.  As he found his way into his pod, he did not even bother to put on sleep clothes.  Stretching out on his bed and laying his head on the pillow seemed like heaven at that moment.  Even though Stone was tired he laid there thinking, not able to turn off the thoughts.

Getting up from his bed, Stone went to his desk and pulled out small pieces of sage wrapped in twine.  Stone lit the sage bundle with the burning candle on his desk.  Quietly, Stone went into prayer and asked for sleep.  Soon Stone was back on his bed, and found himself being lulled to sleep by the melody that captured him earlier that day.

The next morning Stone woke up refreshed.  He was surprised how strong he was feeling.  He quickly cleaned himself up and set out to meet with Keo in the Sanctuary.  Upon entering the door of the Sanctuary, the smell of burning sweet grass tickled Stone’s nose.  

Stone went to the alter that held a buffalo skull and a small bowl in which the sacred herbs were smoldering.  Using his hands, he cupped the smoke and moved it around his head and shoulders.  He gave thanks for the day and asked for guidance with his task ahead.  Then he remained quiet in meditation until Keo arrived.

Keo entered the Sanctuary not too long after Stone.  He carried with him an oblong cedar box in which he carefully and respectfully took to the alter and smudged with the smoke from the sacred herb.  

After setting down the box, Keo took from his robe a leather bag as oblong as the cedar box.  He gingerly took out a wooden stem with colorful beadwork, then a red stone pipe bowl.  As he did with the cedar box he did with the stem and pipe bowl, bathing in the sacred smoke.  Then by placing the stem into the pipe bowl, the instrument became one and holy.

Reaching again into the leather bag, Keo pulled out a smaller pouch with sacred mix of tobacco.  He took a pinch of tobacco and smudged with the same smoke, speaking honor and thanks to the East direction, then placed into the pipe bowl.  He repeated this routine for each direction to be honored.

Holding the pipe by the bowl with his left hand, Keo placed himself next to Stone on the floor.  Using the candle in front of them, Keo lit the pipe.  

Keo handed the lit pipe to Stone.  Reaching out with his left hand, Stone took the pipe by the bowl with respect.  They passed the pipe back and forth smoking the sacred tobacco until the bowl was burnt.  During the whole routine, they were praying for the People and for Keith and Shell.  

Not a word was yet spoken between Keo and Stone, just words to the Creator.

Just as Keo had put together the sacred pipe he also took apart and smudged each piece before placing back into his leather bag.  Returning to his seat next to Stone, Keo now had the cedar box in his lap.

“Good morning my Grandson, my brother!”

“Good morning to you, Holy One!”, replied Stone with a smile.

“I trust you slept well.  You look content compared to last night.

“Well, it was a trick getting to sleep at first, then a prayer and a song in my head lulled me to that sweet dream.”

“Ah, yes, you have been hearing the music too!  The Spirits are preparing you.”

“I know”, sighed Stone, “I just wish I could understand, but in time I am sure the complete picture will be there for me.”

Keo was silent for a moment.  “Well, I suppose that brings me to this cedar box I have.”  Keo gently rubbed the box with his wrinkled and cracked hands.  He took a deep breath, then opened the box.

Chapter 13

Keith approached his animal trap with caution.  It was getting too dark to see with the sun gone.  The full moon was just rising and began to filter some soft light into the open spaces.  

As Keith got closer to the hole, he peered into the dark earth.  All he could see was a shadow laying on the floor, unmoving.  Wow, he thought to himself.  Knocked the animal right out.  I am surprised a fall like that would do it.  A big animal too!

About the time Keith thought it was safe to maybe jump in the hole and check it out, a moan escaped the throat of the creature.  Startled for a moment Keith kept still at the edge of the hole.

“Ohhhh, shit that hurt,” came the second moan from Shells lips.

‘Keith’s eyes grew wide with disbelief, “Shell, is that you?  Oh my God!  Shell?”

Shell looked up, but could not really see clearly, but saw Keith’s silhouette lit up by the moonlight.  “Keith?”  Shell couldn’t believe what she heard.

“Shell, how in the blazes did you find me?  Are you hurt bad.  I am so sorry.  This fall is all my fault.  Come let me help you out.  Can you stand?”  Keith was so exited he was beside himself.

Shell replied, “I think I can.  I seemed to of  hit my head on a rock.  Knocked me out for a minute or two.”  Shell slowly stood up and felt okay.  “I seem fine.”

Keith sat down with his legs dangling into the hole.  “Give me your hands and I will help you climb out.”

Shell reached up her arms and Keith grabbed on.  With her feet she dug into the sides of the dirt wall and managed to climb out.  Once she was above ground, she hung onto Keith, “Keith, I am so happy you are alive!  I was right that you would be.  I never want to lose you.”  Shell began to cry in his arms.

“Shell, I love you so”  was all Keith could manage to say as he held her.

Pushing Shell back so he could see her face, Keith asked again, “Are you sure you are all right?”

Shell’s eyes glittered from the tears, “I have a headache, but I am okay.  No broken bones…maybe a little dizzy though”

“That’s all I need to know”

Quickly Keith swooped Shell up into his arms and began to carry her back to his camp.

“What are you doing?”

“I am taking care of you.  You just rest your beautiful face on my shoulder.  We do not have far to go”

Shell did not argue.  Smiling, she nestled her head into his shoulder and tightened her grip.  The feel of his strength warmed her heart.  Now she is with the love of her life and the Father of her child.  Then things went black again.

Keith carefully laid Shell down on his makeshift bed.  “Shell?  Are you still filling okay?”  Shell’s head laid without motion.  “Shell.”

“Well girl, I know you are probably tired, but with a possible concussion, you should stay awake for a while.  We will keep around the fire, but come  on now, wake up and stand up”

Shell moaned, “but I am so sleepy.”

“Just for awhile, now come on.  Up we go.  That’s a girl.  I will have to talk your ear off and you will have to tell me a story or two….like how did you manage to get here.”

Shell was unstable at first, but with Keith’s support they both walked gingerly around the fire.  Shell began her story from the moment of the vision to the hanging smelly shirt that brought her down.  She only left out one detail and that was the baby.  There will be time for that later.

Throughout the rest of the night, Keith and Shell walked and sometimes rested upon the rocks.  Keith shared his visions and dreams and his struggles thru the thick foliage and thickets.  Shell continued to talk of her conversations with Stone and of the council.

It was just about that time before dawn, when the sun was about to peep over the horizon, that Shell and Keith walked down to the bend of the river to watch the fire star rise.  

The morning colors changed quickly from the light gray to the orange and yellow glow with pink streaks lining the handful of clouds.  When the sun became fully ablaze and the sky showed its crisp blue, tears came to both of their eyes.  This was their first witnessing of daybreak and it’s glorious beauty painted on the East horizon.

The only words spoken for sometime was from Shell.  “Like a strong powerful wind, it takes my breath away.   Thank you Creator, for such a gift!”

After a bit of time, Keith gently nudged Shell to come back to camp.  “You can sleep now.  We will have a lot to explore and more to discuss when we both have rested.”

Keith stoked the fire with more wood and nuzzled next to Shell and they both closed their eyes and gave into the sleep world.

It was about mid afternoon, when Keith was awaken to snapping of twigs and snarling sounds.  When he opened his eyes he was staring at a full grown wolf, chewing on the remains of Keith’s fish from the day before.

The wolf saw Keith move and began, with a stealth walk, to move closer to where Shell and Keith were laying.


Chapter 14

Stone reached out to touch it, but Keo’s hands were quickly spread over the items in the box and stopped Stone.  “Before you touch the feather, know this.  This Eagle Feather was first destined to belong to someone else.”

A sad look glazed over Keo’s eyes, “I had prepared this a few years ago, to present to your Father, but he never made it back.”  

Keo slowly pulled his hands away.  “You know I loved your father like he was my own son.”   Changing his facial expression to a warm smile, he continued, “Guess that makes you my Grandson.”

Stone looked into Keo’s eyes and gently smiled back.  Instead of pulling out the feather, Stone placed the box on the alter and turned to give Keo a strong embrace.  

About that time, the Captain entered the doorway, “I am sorry I was late, I overslept.  I was in a very peaceful place and did not want to go.”

Keo let go of Stone and walked over to the Captain to welcome him into the sanctuary.  “Please come and join us.  Stone has just opened the box.”

The Captain moved from Keo over to the alter and Stone.  He greeted Stone with a hardy hug, then saw the box on the alter.  “I am very proud of you.  You know we are honoring you with this beautiful Eagle Feather.”

The Captain picked up the Feather after first getting a nod of approval from Keo.  He moved to the smudge bowl and bathed the Feather in the smoke.  He then stepped back over to Stone.  Keo joined next to them.  With some sinew string, the Captain tied the Eagle Feather to Stone’s hair above his ear.

“You are a honored warrior.  Keo and I both agree you deserve this Feather.  Wear it with pride, but be humble.  Know we all pray for you and the work you do for the People.”

The Eagle Feather hung upside down and the tip just graced Stone’s shoulder.  Stone could not say anything for a long time and stared at the ground.  Then he finally found a voice and looked up at both Keo and the Captain.  “It is I who feels honored to be in the company of men like you two.  I am also thankful to the Creator for this blessing.  Knowing I have had teachers such as yourselves, gives me strength and faith to fulfill the task ahead.”

Stone bowed his head again.  “I love you both, like a Father.”

One by one, Keo and the Captain gave Stone one more embrace and bathed themselves in the smudging smoke and left the room.  The last one closed the door leaving Stone at the alter alone.

Stone sat down and began to meditate at the foot of the alter.  He reached into his tobacco pouch he carried on his side belt and gave offering at the alter, giving thanks for the honor of the Eagle Feather.  Grabbing the box the Feather was stored in, Stone stood up and left the sanctuary and headed to his favorite spot in the Reservatory.

When Stone reached his spot in the loft, he was taken back by the openness the Great Grandfather tree had left behind.  He almost forgot about the fall!  But of course it all came flooding back to him, including his duty to the Creator.

As he had done in the sanctuary, Stone set himself up for a time of meditation and giving thanks again for the honor of being a warrior.  The Eagle Feather is one of the highest honors that can be given to any warrior.  Stone will treat the feather properly and only wear it when appropriate.

Slowly Stone untied the sinew and released the Feather from his hair.  Holding the feather for the first time, Stone could feel the power that nestled in the fine hairs and the quill.  His eyes slowly rolled back and closed as the energy went from the Feather then deep into Stone’s soul.

After a few intense moments went by, Stone slowly and gingerly placed the feather back into the open box.  He sprinkled some crushed up sage and tobacco from his pouch upon the feather.  Gently he closed the box knowing it would rest until needed.

Studying the small saplings below, Stone smiled at the tiny trees now reaching for the greater light.  Suddenly his thoughts went to his father and Stone spoke aloud, “Father, what would you do if you were here with this feather?”

“Well my son, I would do a sweat, you know, an inipi.”

Stone smiled bigger,  “yes, Father, of course, an inipi.”  

After a long silent period Stone whispered, “I miss you very much Father, hope you were there earlier with Keo and the Captain.  Someday you and I will sit and talk for a long time”

Silence was the response.

Stone’s smile faded just a bit.  “Yeah, someday.”

  
Chapter 15


Shell began to move next to Keith, waking up slowly.  Keith gently put his hand on her hips and whispered close to her ear, “Don’t move, we have a visitor.  Not sure what he will do.”

Snuggled on her side with her back deep into Keith’s chest, Shell sucked in a breath when she focused in on the wolf only ten yards away!

Keeping his eyes on the wolf, Keith slowly sat up to a crouching position.  The wolf’s eyes seem to want to talk to Keith.  He recognized the look from somewhere before, but just could not place it.  The wolf proceeded to walk closer.

Keith had no plan in his head of what to do should the wolf attack.  His main goal was to be passive and yet protect Shell from any harm.  Despite his inexperience in such matters, he found himself checking for his knife.

The wolf was panting heavy, then came to a halt about 12 feet away and barked.  She looked at both Shell and Keith and barked again. Then doing circles, trotted back from the direction she came only to stop and turn around to watch Shell and Keith once more.

“Shell, do you think this beautiful animal wants us to follow her?”  Keith still found himself whispering.

“Maybe”

Shell slowly stood all the way up.  It wasn’t but a minute and Keith unfolded his legs and stood straight, next to Shell.

The wolf came closer again and once more stopped and danced her circle with her barks and retreated from where she came.

“Let’s go, Keith.”  Shell began to slowly walk towards the wolf

“No, wait!”

Keith grabbed his stick and stood next to Shell, “Okay, let’s go.”

Slowly they followed the wolf keeping a fair distance.  

“Shell, she seems to be taking us back down the stream to where the trap is.”

Shell was full of wonder at the creature, that she did not care where it lead them, just so she could follow.  This was part of the adventurous side of Shell and her willingness to dive into the unknown and explore.  She was fearless.

A few more paces and the wolf stopped right at the edge of the trap.

Keith and Shell hung back and kept still for a bit.  Then they could hear it.  The sound came from the hole.  Sounds like little animals crying.  Slowly they both walked closer to the hole, meanwhile the wolf never left her spot at the edge of the hole.

When Keith and Shell peered into the hole they were surprised to see wolf cubs, seven of them!  “Oh my!”, cried out Shell, “We must help them out of there!”

As Keith and Shell where peering into the hole the wolf moved next to Keith and put her muzzle into his hand.  Keith was startled at first, but then had a flashback of where he had seen this creature before.  This is the wolf from his vision!

Quickly Keith jumped into the hole after giving his stick to Shell.  All the puppies came to his feet immediately.  Gently picking up one puppy at a time he handed them to Shell, who was now on her stomach, reaching into the hole for them.

After the last puppy was out of the hole, Keith asked Shell for his stick.  Finding a corner of the hole, Keith stuck one end of the stick into the dirt wall then jammed in the other end to the adjacent wall.  This created a step out with Shell’s help.  Once out of the hole, Keith reach down and unjammed his stick.

Shell and Keith looked at each other and smiled.  All they both could say was, “Wow”.  Then the wolf barked again.  They looked her way and saw all seven of the cubs searching for a swollen tit.  They were very hungry.

Keith began to lose his smile.  “You know what, Shell?  I am going to have to bury this hole.  This is not the best way to eat.”

“I agree. So far you have caught me and seven helpless little puppies.  In each case we could have been injured.  I think we can explore other options in hunting and gathering.”  Shell smiled and took Keith by his hand.

“Come on Sweetie, let’s go back to our camp and see what we need to do.”

“Okay, but I will bury this hole with my new shovel first, then we will talk.”

“Fair enough, my love.”

Shell remained at the camp site as Keith returned back to the hole with his shovel.  Sitting by the fire Shell quietly reflected upon the wolf and her pups.  The puppies knew where their food was and the wolf wanted them to feed and to live.  

She was recognizing some of the Creators great works.  Gently she rubbed her belly, knowing she too needed to feed for more than one.

There was a rustle in the bushes near by that startled Shell from her reflection.  The wolf appeared, trotting close to the edge of camp with a rabbit hanging from her mouth.  Shell sat still and watched as the wolf sat the rabbit down.

With eye contact, Shell and the wolf connected for a brief moment.  And in that moment, Shell realized the wolf knew she was pregnant and was returning a favor.  

The wolf turned away and went to find her cubs.  It was then that Shell grabbed the rabbit and began to work the animal the way she was taught when young.  Rabbits multiplied rapidly on the Solar Star Base, so they where also a part of the diet and learning tool for skinning animals to young students.  

Remembering all the old techniques that were practiced by the grandmothers of long ago, Shell quickly had the rabbit bled, skinned and now roasting over a stoked up fire when Keith returned to their camp.  
Chapter 16

The council room could only hold so many people.  The rest of the people on the Starbase were with their families and watched intently on their video monitors in their private pods. 

The family unit was well blended with the whole society or tribe.  The boys imitated their Fathers and Grandfathers and the girls would copy their Mothers and Grandmothers.  This was how the Children were taught their place in this life.

The Grandmothers and Grandfathers taught the young children and also told stories of their history and moral values.  The parents and young adults were the hunters, gatherers and prepared the feast.  

Everyone’s bounty was shared with the whole.  

But now, this tightly knit circle patiently waited to hear what their spiritual leader as well as the Captain had to say.   Everyone was silent.

“My wonderful Brothers and Sisters!  How I am grateful for your devotion and love!  I thank the Creator for such an honorable gift.”  The Captain shifted from one foot to the other before he continued.

“I am very sadden and yet very hopeful about my son.  I have a belief that he is still alive!  But I fear what condition he may find himself in and pray that Wakan Tanka,  the Creator, shows him the way.”  Fighting back tears, the Captain felt his heart ache and swallowed hard to regain composure.

“We are People who know of our history to ancient years back.  Stories beyond stories of great mischief and yet great love of life, of wars and many packs of peace and many broken promises and stories of many great Heroes of the People.  But always remember this:  we have found faith in our culture and practices, that is what has kept us strong as a People…..Always remember this!”

Eagle whistles and war cries could be heard throughout the People’s voices as they responded to the Captains words with pride.

When the silence again filled the air, the Captain continued.

“We as People have had dreams and visions given to us.   We are simple and humble workers for the Creator.  We do his bidding as he shows us.  Buried deep with in the very marrow of our bones are the all the paths our Grandmothers and Grandfathers before us traveled.  The Creator has blessed their ways and allowed their Grandchildren to be the keepers of the Mother Earth!”

“I am so proud of Our People!”

Again the air filled with Eagle whistles and war cries, then settled back down to silence.

“As the People of today, we have a very heavy road to travel.  The road ahead of us will be a very serious and major turning point in our success to reclaim our People’s home on Mother Earth!  This turning point is upon us and we now must prepare all the People for this Holy Event!”

Eagle whistles and war cries!  Then silence.

“We have a Grandfather among us that can testify to a lot of the history of our People.  He has been blessed and cursed with a very long life and this journey of his is about to end with this last wonderful story about to unfold.  Keo has been my long time friend and confidant.  I respect him highly and trust his visions without questions.  He has never proved the People wrong.  He is our Greatest Spiritual Warrior….Keo!”

In the air came great waves of Eagle whistles and the women voicing the trello note of honor.

Once the voices became quiet, Keo began, “I come humble to you all.  You have been the ones to give me strength to walk forward in time.  And oh Great One,”  Keo looked upwards and raised his hands, “I beg you to keep me strong through this one last chore you have given me.  Thank you for these People.  Thank you Creator, I will journey to you soon.”

Keo lowered his hands and now looked at the People before him in the council room.  Silence.  Keo paced slowly back and forth as he searched in his heart what to say to the People for comfort and security.  He could see they were timid of the unknown and needed a push towards faith in themselves.

“I know what each one of you are thinking and feeling.”

Keo’s eyes meet each one’s in the council room.  Even those watching from their screens could feel his presence.

“Take comfort in this. Within each one of you lies a center of power so great.  This is from where our Creator comes.  In each one of you there is a piece of the Creator.  Remember this.  When he breathes, we breathe, as we inhale, so does he.  When we cry so to Wakan Tanka cry.  Life for Life!  Energy!”

“Our world is nothing but energy.  We respect the energy of others and we respect our own.  Our Spirit is Energy.  We must now learn how to use our Energy, our Life and prepare ourselves for the awakening!”

“We have seven months to prepare.  Everyone, even the little ones must all be ready.  We must gather our finest clothing, bead your best work. Prepare your hair and body.   There will be series of sweat lodges and visioning and smudging.  Prayer songs shall tumble from our lips.  Many ceremonies must we do to prepare for the Creator.  And we will have one last great feast!”

Eagle whistles and war cries!

“We have come very far and we are proud People!”

The People’s voices rose again.

“We truly have only one enemy and it is not the dark starship out there but the fear we breed within ourselves.  We know we can destroy the dark starship when we are ready.  But we must know we can conquer any fear we may have inside of us!”  

“I have to prepare every one of you.  If you have any fear, bring them to me.  I will help you overcome and set your mind right.”

“Believe in yourself and believe in your family.  We have choices ahead.  Think about them carefully and wisely.  I have faith in all of you.  Everyone one of you are warriors, great warriors!”

Eagle whistles and Trello pitches mixed with War cries!

The People took great comfort in what both the Captain and Keo had to say.  Everyone began to work on the preparations.  Sevens months to prepare.  Many Ceremonies to perform.  Everyone was choosing Life, Energy.  But there was still the big choice yet to make.
Chapter 17


Smoke, from the burning braid of sweet grass, trailed upward into the air.  Stone loved the smell.  He began to work on some of his leather pieces to his regalia, brushing and cleaning.  His leggings had beautiful beadwork running down the side in a thin strip.  Checking the beadwork for any needed repair, Stone smiled to himself remembering when he first got these leggings.

When Stone was seventeen, his mother, one day out of the blue, sat him down to have a heart to heart talk.  Stone remembers there were very few of those talks.  His mother and him talked very seldom.  She was a wonderful Mother, always caring for him and such.  There was no question that she loved her son.  But she did not open up too much to anyone, not even to Stone’s Father……

“Stone, will you come sit here with me a bit?  I want to share something with you my son”,  Ella, Stone’s mother, asked with her honey voice.  Her voice was always soothing.  She was always calm like lake water during sunset in the still of the day.  “Please come sweetie, I have a story I must tell you.”

Being taught to respect his Mother and Father, Stone obeyed his Mother’s request.  His seventeen year old toned body sat in a chair opposite of his mother.  “Mother, I am always here for you.  You have my ears.  What story must I hear?”  Stone smiled as he looked into his mother’s face and reached across to take one of her hands into his.

“You are such a good son.”  Ella paused a moment as if she was holding back a tear.  Her eyes sparkled as she reflected back to her son, “I see so much of your Father in you, your face, your heart”  She released her hand from his and lightly touched his chest where his heart was.

“I knew the day you were born that you would walk the path of an “Akicita!  A Warrior!  Just like your Father!  When I first met your Father, we were very young, very young!”  Her eyes were wide with joy and humor.

Stone simple smiled and let out a light chuckle.
“Son, your Father and I knew we were going to be together the first time we saw each other.  It was like magic.”  Ella closed her eyes as if to bring forth a vivid picture of the first meeting to her mind.  “I saw your Father and my heart stopped for a moment and I held my breath.  He was handsome and very brave looking.”

“Yes my Father is brave, but I always thought I got my good looks from you Mother!”  Stone loved to throw compliments to his Mother, just to see her smile.  And smile she did to his interjection.

“Oh, you are always teasing me.  Makes me feel good, don’t ever stop being so clever.  But let us not stray too far from my story here.  I want to tell about my gift to your father on the day you were born.  While I carried you in my womb, waiting for your coming, I began to prepare some leggings for your Father’s regalia.”  Ella reached for a bundle beside her chair.

Ella placed the bundle in her lap and gingerly began to unwrap the package and she continued, “You see, my son, I was thinking what could I do to make this pair of leggings special for your Father.  I prayed to the Creator for an answer.  So I had a dream about some bead work design that spoke of who we are.  Where our people are from.  What we are about…..I wanted a piece that spoke of your Father, of me and of you.  So the day after this dream I began the beading on your Father’s soon to be new pair of leggings.”

Pulling out of the bundle were the leather leggings.  She unfolded them with such tender care and ran her hands over the bead work.  

“Mother, I have always thought this was beautiful beadwork.  You did our family well with pride.”  Stone smiled at her.

“Thank you my only son.  I wanted to take the opportunity to speak with you about the design and the dream.  I want to let you know what this is all about, because your Father is allowing me to give you these pair of leggings.  Your Father has only used them on a few occasions.  It is time for them to be passed to my little Akicita!”  Ella smiled as she looked her son in the face.

Spreading out the leggings, Ella smoothed out the beadwork with her hands.  Her fingers began to trace some of the design.  Beginning at the top of the piece she began to explain their meanings.

“You see the word ‘LAKOTA’  We originate from the Lakota People, your Father and I.  You are full blood Lakota.  Not many of us around anymore.  Just the Captain’s family and a handful of others.   Historically we were known as a part of a big Sioux Nation.”  Ella kept running her fingers back and forth over the beaded work.

“And the stars that are in between each letter, is because we are now Lakota Star People?” interjected Stone.

“Yes, all of us here on the Solar Star Base are considered Star People now, but still not very many are Lakota.  A majority of our ceremonial practices, the pipe in particular came through the Lakota People by the White Buffalo Calf Woman.  You remember the story of White Buffalo Calf Woman?”

“Yes”, replied Stone.  

Tracing her fingers down to the next part of the beadwork.  “Here you see the four buffalos in the four colors of our old Nation, black, red, yellow and white.  These are represented also the four direction.  The four buffalos also indicate the White Buffalo Calf Woman.  So we have our Lakota People and now we have the Buffalo with the Sacred Directions.”

Ella continued with interpreting the beadwork.  “In my dream I was instructed to bead in four animals, the bear, the turtle, the wolf and the eagle.”  

Pausing for a moment, Ella closed her eyes again.

“Are you okay, Mother?”  Stone was startled by her abrupt pause.

“I am fine, just a little tired, but I am okay.”

Opening her eyes, Ella continued with her story.  “The bear is for strength and protection.  The turtle is our Mother Earth….notice I used blue and green beads for her.  The wolf is our spirit guide and a warrior.  This is the clan your mother comes from and the clan you are traditional a part of until you marry.”

Ella looked at her son with sad eyes.  Stone recognized the look of concern.  

“Mother what is wrong, why do you suddenly look so sad when you speak of marriage for me?”

Taking in a deep breath, Ella replied, “My son, sometime I sadden because I wonder if things will turn out okay.  It is merely a moment of doubt that always quickly passes when I look into your eyes and see such strength.  Right now you…you are the bear.”

Stone felt like he did not get a complete answer from his mother, but he let it drop.

“So the Eagle is for…….?” Stone coxed his Mother to continue.

Again, tracing the beadwork.  “The Eagle is prayer.  We must always remember the Eagle.  We must always remember to give thanks to the Creator for all that is given to us, for all that is created for us to share.  The Eagle carries all our spoken prayers on her wings up to the Creator.”

“Now this last piece is very important.”  Ella moved her fingers down to the last section.  “This is the Tree….Tree of Life.  It is our Sundance Tree.  We always give to the People.  We always suffer for our brothers and sisters so they do not have to.  We sacrifice ourselves for the People.  We are Akicita!”

A small tear went down the Mother’s cheek.  Silence filled the air momentarily, while Stone wiped the tear away.

“I am sorry I sometimes get emotional very easy these days”, Ella managed to say.

“That is okay, Mother.  Life is good for us.  We are surviving and getting closer to our Mother Earth every day.  All things will be fine, you will see.”

Ella looked deep into her son’s eyes, “Stone, this Tree of Life, this Sundance tree is the key to survival.  Remember that.  Remember the ceremony of the Sundance.  This is the source of Energy….the source of Life!”

“Yes Mother, I will remember…..”

Coming back to the present, Stone found his fingers tracing the beads much like his mother did when she shared that story with him years ago.  

Stone spoke aloud to himself as he pondered, “source of Energy….source of Life.”
Chapter 18


Picking the bone of it’s last bit of meat, Keith tossed it into the fire and listened to it crackle.  He turned to look at Shell across the way.  She was always a strong and smart woman, even as an young girl.  Keith was reflecting of the many things he has always loved about her.

“I am not really surprised that the wolf gave us the rabbit”, Keith began.  

“Why is that?”

Walking over to Shell, Keith continued, “Well, I had this sort of dream…you know.  A vision.”  He stopped just short of her reach.

Shell, gave her full attention to him, “a vision, you say?”

“hmp…yes, I guess.  I mean…well it was right after I crashed.  I felt like I went somewhere”.

He shuffled from one foot to the other, looked down, then at Shell again.  Then he asked her, “What is it like for you Shell, what is a vision like….or a dream.  Is it vivid?  Is it driven by purpose or design?”

Shell could see Keith start to crumble before her in his moment of doubt.  She quickly stepped closer and circled her arms around his chest and buried her face in his neck.  Reaching her mouth closer to his ear she whispered, “it is always vivid and very real and sometimes it scares me.”

They held each other for a few passing moments.

“Come, let us sit by the fire and get warm.”  Shell tugged on Keith as if guiding a lost and pouting child.

They sat near the fire, both intent on staring at the flames.  Keith gently stirred the coals allowing the fire to breathe.  Shell reached for some more wood to add to the pit.  While the flames kicked up from the fresh fuel, Shell nestled herself into Keith’s arms.

“Keith, before we went out on our original mission, you know the three of us, you, Stone and me.  I had several nights of dreaming, or visioning, whichever way you would like to say it.  I kept seeing your fighter crash into the mountains.”

Startled, Keith looked Shell in the face and said, “What, and you never warned me?”  The look on his face was full of hurt.

“Keith, if I confessed all that I dreamed, then people might chase false hopes or think I was a crazy woman.  I can not change what is about to happen but only prepare myself or the people for it.  It hurt badly to have those dreams over and over again.  I was not only scared for you but I was frightened for myself.  I did not want to lose you.  I was selfish in thought.  You have become my everything.”

Still looking Shell in the eye while she explained, Keith’s face softened.  He pulled Shell closer and returned his stare back to the fire.

Shell continued, “I carried that fear with me for four days before our departure.  I knew the mission was important for the People, how could I refuse the need to go.  After all, we are our nations Warriors.  I could not let the People down.”

Bit of wood in the fire crumbled and submitted itself to the flames.  Silence took over for a while.

Again, Shell spoke up, “Keith, many of my vision come when I least expect it.  Many of them carry heavy messages.  I accept them for what they are and realize I am chosen as a vessel for the sacred Grandfather’s work.”

There was more silence as the fire crackled into the night.

This time Keith broke the quietness.  “Shell, my vision was of a grand one.  The wolf was in it, and so was Keo along with four great and holy grandfather spirits, leaders from the past.  They told me I was to begin my life here on earth.  They blessed me as the keeper of the new Mother Earth.”

“Sometimes it is hard for me to grasp that this is happening, yet I know I am really here on this ground and not on the Solar Star Base.  The wolf is to be my guide and protector.  She came to us and has now shared food.  I suppose I am becoming a vessel for the Creator to work out his plans too.”

Shell looked up at his face.  In his eyes she could see the fire reflecting and deeper in, she could see his heart.  In her opinion, Keith was a good choice for a vessel.

“My sweet Keith.  Stone and I came to find you and rescue you back to home.  However, I knew you did not need rescuing and I knew I would not return with Stone.  Stone had a hard time of leaving me behind, but I am following Keo’s instructions and my vision.  I have come to be with you and to begin our new sweet world.”

Placing his hands on both of her cheeks, he held her face, “I truly love you Shell.  I love you.”  He reached down and kissed her warmly and gently.

Another moment of quiet passed as they gazed into each others eyes.

This time it was Shell’s turn to break the silence, “Keith?”

“Yes, my flower?”

“I am with child.”

At first Keith stammered, “You mean…..ahh…you…ahh,…I mean I am going….wait, we are …..”

“Yes, we are having a baby”, Shell giggled at his sudden nervousness.

Keith’s face broke out into a silly grin.  “We have been very blessed.”

Then suddenly a light went off in Keith’s head.  “What about all the people on the Solar Star Base?  What is going to become of them as we begin life down here?  Are they going to slowly come here too?”

Shells replied, “I am not sure, that is something I know nothing about.  We still have the enemy in the space that would continue to fight us our for the treasures of the Mother Earth.  I suppose the Solar Star Base’s first mission would be to either suppress this enemy or to finally negotiate an alliance.  I am not sure what will happen.”

Suddenly Keith was missing Keo, Stone, and his Father.  Father…..he was going to be a Father!
Chapter 19

In the Reservatory, the Captain and Keo quietly walked down one of the many paths that weaved in and out of the trees, bushes and plants.  When they reached a lilac bush in full bloom, the Captain stopped.  Gently he cupped the violet color blossoms in his hands and took in the fragrance.

Keo spoke, “No doubt, you still think of Eve?”

Without letting go of the flowers, the Captain turned his head to Keo, “I think of her every day.”

A few paces away, Keo settled himself down on one of the benches that was formed from the Great Old Oak that fell recently.  He watched the Captain with interest.

Treating the lilac bush with sacredness, the Captain stepped back and waited as if Eve would step out any time now.  A few minutes passed and there was no Eve.  Bowing his head for just a moment, the Captain turned and joined Keo on the bench.

“She took my heart when she left, you know.”

“Yes, my Granddaughter has a way with the heart.  But you know, she left you a son.  Take peace in your heart and know he is alive, or Shell would not have agreed to be left on the Mother Earth.”

A few birds fluttered into the lilac bush, as the Captain replied, “I love my son and have faith he is doing well, but he does not fill my soul like she did.  It is just not the same.  However, I appreciate your words.  I know you miss her too.”

A sadness overtook Keo’s face, momentarily.  Bringing himself back to the here and now, the ever breathing present, Keo managed some enthusiasm, “It is time you focus on letting go.  When time comes for us to cross over, Eve will be there with open arms.  Your heart will be filled again.  You are the only love she ever had in her life.  I was only her Grandfather.”

The Captain replied, “Sometimes I simply miss her so.  We had such a short time together.”

Looking over at the lilac bush, Keo announced, “I will leave you here to yourself.  I am feeling very tired and want to rest.  These bones are getting way too old.”  Keo smiled at the Captain as he placed one hand on the Captain’s shoulder to help push himself off the bench.  “You will be fine.”

“As always, Keo, I have faith in you and your words.  I will take them to heart.”  

The Captain watched Keo as he disappeared down the path, as if swallowed up by the green growth of the Reservatory.  Sitting on the bench, he took in the big picture of his surroundings.  A light breeze kissed his cheeks, while butterflies chased each other and the smell of lilacs filled his nostrils.  

He had to admit to himself, he missed Keith also.  As the Captain watched the birds play in and out of the bush, his mind went back to the day Eve left.  
Just as quickly as she came into his life she also went away.  That was the day Keith was born.  Eve died giving birth……

“Now I know that this wonderful event is usually a woman’s chore, but I will stay here with you through the whole ordeal“, Malcolm gently spoke to Eve as he stroked her damp hair.  

She was sitting in a chair as the contractions continued to become closer together.  Despite her sweat and pain, she was still beautiful.  

“Malcolm, I am so in love with you and this baby will be our treasure.  But before all is said and done, there is something I must confess to you.  Something that I have known since I first laid eyes on you.”  Eve looked him in the eye then grabbed his arm as another contraction began.

Malcolm waited for the passing spasm.  When Eve finally lessoned her grip, Malcolm replied, “Eve, whatever you have to say to me, I am all ears.  No matter what, I still love you and always will.”

A small smile went across her face as she grabbed for both of his hands.  With Malcolm on his knees and in front of her, she looked him deep into his eyes as if searching for something.  

Finally she took in a deep breath and began, “I am dying for the second time.”

Malcolm’s eyes grew big, “What do you mean?  You are as healthy as a horse!  Second time?  You are just riddled with pain and it is making you silly, little sunflower.”  His face turned into a gentle grin.

Another contraction began.  Eve breathed through it, then relaxed again back into her chair.  Malcolm lovingly wiped her sweaty face with a cool rag.  She looked at Malcolm again and spoke, “I am dying a second time.  I have already died once, when I was just eighteen.  I was very ill.  I died in my Grandfather’s arms.”

“Keo’s?  I am sorry, I still do not understand.  You are breathing now.  I know you are real.  We are having a baby!”

Eve smiled and in her very angelic way continued to explain, “I know this is difficult to take in, but when I was young, Wakan Takasila needed me in the spirit world for a more important matter.  I died and did not live here in this world again until the day I stepped out of the lilac bush!  Oh, you were such a handsome sight for me to lay my eyes upon.  The Creator has been preparing me for you.”

There was moments of silence and then another contraction began.  Malcolm was simply speechless.

After Eve’s breathing became steady, she began again, “I  know some things about the spiritual world are hard to understand.  You have to use your faith….feel what is in your heart.”, she lightly touched his chest.    That is where the Creator lives.  In all our hearts and of all living things.”

Malcolm simply stared at Eve.  Her beauty was radiant in the sweat of labor.  Her words were indeed hard for him to swallow yet they poured out of her mouth like honey.  After another contraction began, Malcolm again wiped her brow and held her hand, “My Eve, my beautiful and loving Eve.”

Eve rose from her chair and announced, “It is time to walk to the woods.”

Gently Malcolm took her arm and led her down the passage to the Reservatory.  As they entered the great hall of trees and plant life, Eve stopped long enough to look back into Malcolm’s face.  She reached up and cupped her companion’s face.  “Our son will have the life and energy of all that lives in these woods.  He will be a great gift to the People.”

With a turn she moved down one of the trails that led deep into the thick of the trees.  Malcolm stood back and watched the great woman do what she has been blessed to do……give birth.

Eve reached for a thick twig and snapped it off the tree.  She found herself a spot by the small stream and knelt down between one fallen log and a young aspen tree.  Placing the broken twig between her teeth, she began to bear down with her first push.  

Soon she opened her legs wider and the grunts came with more force.  Beads of sweat began to multiply as they raced down her red face.  Malcolm could only see the back of her.  He tried not to interfere unless needed.  He began to fidget and pick at nearby tree.

With one final push the baby came forward and Eve gently received the wet head in her hand.  As her breathing became more steady, she rose and moved down to the water with grace.  She took her knife from the sheath hanging on the back of her belt.  Sitting cross legged, she cuddled the baby in her lap as the cut the umbilical cord.

Using the water from the stream, she cleansed the baby and then retrieved the cloth that was hanging from her hip fastened over her belt.  Gently she swaddled the child and laid him beside her, then contended with her afterbirth.  

Before she left the river stream, Eve pinched some sacred tobacco from her pouch and offered thanks to the river and to the Mother Earth and to the Creator for allowing her experience of giving life.  With both hands raised above her head and her face toward the treetops she let out a trill, a woman’s cry of honor.  Echoes could be heard drifting all about the Reservatory.

With great pride, Eve picked up the swaddled bundle and moved over to where Malcolm patiently and respectfully awaited.  Eve’s eyes locked with Malcolm’s as she presented the baby to him, “Meet your new son, Keith Ambrose“ she smiled “……he breathes great immortal wind.”

Malcolm tore his eyes from her beautiful smile and for the first time looked down upon his son.  The boy carried the same radiant glow as his mother.  He had her eyes.  Her chin.  Slowly Malcolm lowered himself down to the ground and coddled the newborn.  Eve sat down next to him and with a sigh laid her body around the back of Malcolm.  “He is beautiful”, were her last words as she closed her eyes, never to open them again.  She wore a smile on her forever glowing face……
Chapter 20


Several weeks later, Keith and Shell were foraging for berries and nuts.  Not far from the river’s bend sprawled an enormous apple tree still bearing its fruit.  Up one side of the valley were some walnuts groves.  Out in the open fields were the wild sunflowers whose seeds and roots make an excellent source of tasteful nutrients and medicine.  

Keith and Shell found some mints, rosemary and dill and had them neatly tucked in bundles hanging over each of their shoulders.  There were flowers just spending out their last blooms and there was plenty of rosehips to yet pick.  Soon winter will approach and they both knew they had some work to do in order to prepare for the harsh months ahead.  Though the seasons were not truly experienced on the Solar Star Base, there were stories about how winter can be cruel, cold and harsh.

Heading back through the walnut grove, Keith and Shell walked quietly in a single file, Shell meticulously stepping into Keith’s footprints.  Suddenly Keith halted his stride when he heard the twigs snap!  Shell stood very still with her eyes looking around with out turning her head.

A rustle of leaves and twigs came from the left of them, upwind about a hundred and fifty paces.  Keith looked hard into the distance, then he saw him.  A deer!  A big beautiful buck!  

Quickly Keith put his left arm straight out behind him and motioned Shell to get down slowly as he did the same.  He whispered, “sh….it’s a deer…smells like dinner.  You stay here and I will get closer in and see if I can’t get him.”

“Get him?”, Shell whispered back, “with what?….your bare hands?”

“Sh”, a sly grin crossed Keith’s face.

Shell remained quiet, though she much wanted to be in on the action.  She watched Keith slowly remove his bundle of herbs then move silently from one tree to the next.  He was within twenty paces of the buck.  Slowly he pulled his knife out of his boot and settled his grip on the handle.  

Keith stood close that he could see every muscle of the deer quiver when the buck stomped his back hoof shaking off the gathering flies from his rump.  Just as Keith was feeling the urge to jump and run, a hawk flew from the branch above Keith’s head, startling the deer.  Keith ducked and covered his head while the buck leaped away into the woods with beautiful stride and out of sight.

Shell fell backwards laughing!

Keith kept his head bowed as he walked back towards Shell.  “Well, I suppose I need to work on a bow and some arrows.  You know, be more prepared.”  He stood next to Shell who was still on the ground giggling.

“Yup, my friend, you need more practice and better tools”, she managed to spurt out between giggles.

Keith smiled and reached out his hands to help Shell up from the ground.  After he picked her up he held her in his arms and looked deep into her eyes.  “You look very tired.  Are you alright?”

“I am fine”, replied Shell.  “However, a nap sounds wonderful.  I suppose the baby makes me sleepy from time to time.”

“Baby?…..I like the sound of that.  Baby!  Maybe that will be his or her name….Baby.  Lets stop by the apple tree and we will rest for awhile there before we head back to camp”

“Home, you mean.”

“Uh, home not camp.  I suppose you are right, this is our home now.”

Once they reached the big apple tree, they unloaded their pickings and sat down by a large stone jetting out from the ground.  Keith had his back against the rock, while Shell laid on her back with her head on his lap.

The last words Keith heard pass from Shell’s lips, before she fell into a deep sleep was, “The sun feels so good.”

To Shell the sun not only felt good and warm, but it created a whiteness behind her eyelids.  As she began to marvel at the milky whiteness, voices could be heard chattering away sometimes mixed with laughter.  Shell looked around and all she could see was white…….

“You are going to ruin our soup you old woman!”

“I will add as much wild onion as I please, it is good medicine”

“Girls, girls, girls, please, you sound like you are ten again.  I am beginning to believe you both enjoy the arguing.”

In unison, both women replied, “We do!”

Again laughing could be heard.

Shell found herself moving closer to the sound of the mysterious voices.  There was a small orange glow in the distance and as Shell got closer, she began to make out four Women Elders sitting around a fire. 

Shell moved a little closer, then one of the Elders spoke up with her back still to Shell, “Come my granddaughter,  we have been waiting for you for some time now.  Come and sit here with us a bit and enjoy the warmth.”

At first Shell was startled, but curiosity took over and she cautiously moved forward to the women.  They all had long gray hair pulled back and tied with leather.  They all wore wrinkles on their faces but their eyes were bright and vibrant.  She also noticed that the circle was furnished with neatly placed stones for sitting upon and there was one empty as if waiting for her.

“Don’t be afraid of us sweetie.” replied back another Grandmother.  “We will cause you no harm.  We are the Turtle Women.  And today we are looking after your welfare.  Come, sit.  We have lots to talk about”

Quietly and gracefully, Shell sat upon one of the rocks and matched her eyes with each one of the women’s as she peered around the circle.  Shell waited for the women to speak.  Time of silence went by as the fire crackled and the bladder bowl that hung over the fire steamed white vapors adding dimension to the rise of the fire’s smoke.  

The woman to Shell’s left spoke first, “Well Sisters, I do believe we have an Akicita here with us.  A woman Warrior.”

Shell bowed her head, turning a little shy.  Recognizing the awesomeness of these Grandmothers, Shell was humbled.  “Please Grandmothers, I am honored to sit here with you.  Please forgive me for my apprehension.  My ears are open.  I will listen with greatest of respect.”

The Grandmothers all looked at each other and smiled.  The oldest Grandmother raised her open palms up and spoke, “Thank you Creator for allowing us to do your bidding.  Your choice in the Mother is a good one!”
Chapter 21

“Captain, you of all People know the spirit world works in wondrous and mysterious ways.  We should not doubt that the spirit people are helping Keith and Shell learn the necessary things in order to survive……ah….no not survive…yes, but to live!”, Keo explained.

“You are right, Keo”, the Captain replied.  “I am letting myself slip into that tangible world, the one were I only trust what I see with my eyes and touch with my hands.  Sometimes I listen with my heart and I forget about the spirit within me and around us.”  

Keo placed both his hands on the Captain’s shoulders as he stood in front of him.  “Now come, the inipi lodge is ready.  Let us go to the Reservatory and give thanks and that which pains us to the Grandfather rocks.  It is time to pray for Keith and Shell and for the People.”

There in the section of the Reservatory the trees grew thick and dense.  There was one path that led to a center clearing in the middle of the heavy populated woods.  Here the sweat lodge sat.  It took many quilted blankets to cover all the lodge.  However, there was only a small fire to represent what once was.  

Grandfather rocks are hard to come by in the Reservatory.  So with much prayer and thought went into how to best honor the tradition of an Inipi.  The sweating out of bad spirits and looking into one’s self.  The making of one good, so one may address the Great Spirit with their thanks and their concerns.

In the middle of the lodge, on the dirt floor was a dug out hole, in which a small solar powered dome produced heat.  Permanently built into the walls of this heating dome was some of the Great Great Grandfather rocks that were taken when the People prepared for leaving the planet.  On top of the dome was a clear surface that the solar panels heated.  Steam would rise when water was poured onto the top of this dome.

There were about ten men who went into the sweat.  Certain songs were sung and prayers were spilled off of tongues as the ceremony continued.  Each person had his turn as their voices moved around the circle inside the lodge.  When the blanket was pulled back from the door of the lodge, the steam would bellow out in rolls.  At the end of all the prayers, one by one each man would come out of the lodge on his hands and knees.  Each man felt reborn.  The sweat lodge is a spiritual womb.

After the sacred pipe was smoked, everyone shook hands and departed to join the great feasting.  Keo was left behind with the fire keeper, a young boy who was honored to make sure the small fire kept burning during the ceremony.  Keo thanked him and said he would take care of putting the fire out.  Then he pulled off his beaded necklace he wore and gifted it to the young boy.

“Go on, and join the others and eat well, my Grandson.  Know you have honored your people well with the fire tonight.”  

The young boy took the necklace with great humbleness.  “Honored one, I must ask of you a question that ways heavy in my heart?”

The young boy reached into a pouch he carried at his side and pulled out in his hand some sacred tobacco.  He offered this to Keo, respecting the traditions and the ways of the People.

Keo accepted the tobacco and said a quick prayer under his breath and threw the tobacco into the fire.  He turned to the boy and placed one hand on his shoulder, “Okay, my grandson, you have honored me well too.  What is on your mind?”

“Living on Earth….was is like the Solar Star Base.  I mean, here is all I know and the Earth is so much more, awesome and powerful.  I have heard of stories of beauty and yet great storms, beasts and yet gentle creatures.  I am afraid.”

The eyes of the young man was sadden by fear, the unknown and yet wild with excitement.

“My dear young son, you have every right to wonder, but do not let fear bring you down.   A great prophecy is about to unfold for our People and the life we know on this Solar Star Base is going to change in a very rapid way.  Always remember the stories, those that were created on the Earth and the stories created here on the Solar Star Base.  At the end of this journey for this Solar Star Base, you will have the awesome power of choosing your fate.  You tell me, will you every know anything other than this Solar Star Base?”

Keo gave a warm and gentle smile to the young boy, which in was returned in kind.  The young boy replied, “Well, I am very hungry and I suppose I will need to fuel up for my journey ahead, heh?.  Moving away to the trail, the boy teased,  “You better hurry to the feast or there will be none left for you!”

Keo’s and the young boy’s laughter echoed in the stillness.   Now left alone, Keo gazed into the fire as if looking into another world……


……..the fire crackled as Shell and Keith finished off the fish they just roasted.  Keith gazed into the fire as if mesmerized by the dancing flames.  Shell cleaned up their mess quickly and then pulled out the leather they had tanned from various kills and continued to work on stitching the pieces together for future clothing and blankets.  

Looking up from the leatherwork, Shell glanced at the intent look on Keith’s face, “Keith, are you deep in thought?”

“Kinda”, his eyes never left the fire.

Shell dropped her hands to her slightly swollen lap and kept her eyes locked on him.  Keith kept silent for a few minutes more, then began without every taking his eyes away from the fire, “We need to build an Inipi, a sweat lodge.  Before the baby comes.  I need to prepare the way for our child and you.”

Blinking once, then twice, Shell gave way to a small sincere smile.  She knew he was right.  “Well, I suppose we will gather willow down by the river first thing tomorrow morning.”  She picked up the leather and began sewing again with a needle made from a animal bone, humming the familiar 
flute tune that came to her and Stone earlier.  

After a few minutes, she stopped and said,  “We also need to have more skin, to cover an inipi, yet alone our bed for winter.  Time you went hunting for big game.”

Keith looked up from the fire at Shell.  He replied, “You know you are about the prettiest woman there ever was to step foot on this Earth!”

They both began to gently laugh, as the sun set down upon their day.

Chapter 22


A couple of weeks went by, while Shell and Keith worked on gathering the willow, firewood, sage and cedar for the Inipi.  Currently, Shell was weaving together some grass mats to cover the sweat lodge with for there still was not enough hide.  Sitting near the river’s edge where the tall grass grew best, Shell sat and hummed to herself again,  the flute tune that possessed her earlier on the Solar Star Base.

As she wove the grasses, her mind wondered off to the vision she had with the four Grandmothers.  The dream was still very fresh and vivid in her mind.  All the Grandmothers gathered around the fire and herself seeming very small in comparison took comfort in the warmth of those heated coals.  To Shell, this dream was a place where the spirits walked and she obeyed and listened.

The Grandmothers reminded her of a woman’s role in the tribe.  They also placed in her some very special gifts beyond what Shell already possessed. 
In a simple yet wondrous ceremony, the Grandmothers laid their hands on her one at a time and passed to her their talents and knowledge that each one carried.  “We have given you our deepest love and devotion for the People, for the Tribe.  Walk on the new Earth with respect for all of life that surrounds you.  And remember it was Wakan Tunkasila, Wakan Tanka, the Great Mystery, that gave you life”, the Grandmothers’ words echoed in her head.

Shell, set her grass mat down and rubbed her belly with both her hands.  She felt the life inside of her stir.  In awe, she looked up to the sky and shouted a “thank you” to the Creator.  “Whopila! Whopila! Whopila, Wakan Tunkasila!  Whopila!“  Slowly she picked up her mat and continued the weaving as a smile floated across her face.  The early autumn butterflies swirled around Shell and a light breeze kicked up.  About that time Keith came up from behind her.

“Shell, this place is so beautiful”, Keith began.  “I would have never imagined what kind of joy existed here if I was not experiencing it for myself.”

Shell turned to her companion.  “Sweetie, the baby has been kicking, want to feel?  It is great joy too!”

Keith immediately sat next to Shell on the grass.  Gently he placed his hands on her now slightly swollen stomach and felt a light kick.  “Wow, that is awesome.  I don’t think it has set in yet that I am to be a Father.  I seem to be still absorbing the fact that I am here walking on Mother Earth.”  Keith smiled at Shell and placed one of his arms around her as he kept the other on her belly.

Shell looked up at his face.  His pride was spilling out of his eyes as he gazed back at her.  Putting the mat down again, Shell reached up with one hand and lightly touched his cheek.  “I am so proud to be here and to be with you”, was all she could choke out as tears began to trickle down her face.

“Guess what”, Keith asked, as he wiped her tears of joy away.

“What”.

“I have found enough willow for our inipi and also enough strong willow and some young pine poles to also build or winter lodge.  Soon we will have a wonderful shelter for our soon to be family to grow in”

“Really, wow you have been busy.  I suppose I need to make lots more grass mats.  

“Guess what, again”, Keith teased.

Shell smiled, “What”.

“I also found a small herd of buffalo.  Tomorrow I will go hunting!”  Keith’s adrenaline was pumping with the excitement.

The next morning, Shell paced at the campsite.  Keith would not let her go on the hunt with him.  He gave her instruction as to where the hunt would be, but to remain behind and only come if he does not return by night fall.  Shell circled the inipi that was only halfway covered with the grass mats.  

Slowly she sat inside of the half built frame of their soon to be shelter and began to softly sing the tune.  Gently she hugged her belly as the song over took her heart.  Moving to the earth, Shell laid on her side and kissed the ground.  As she continued to sing, she stroked the grass as if it was beautiful hair.  Coming to her mind was a memory of her mother, so long ago…

...Wynema was brushing her daughters long dark hair.  “Mommie, why does our hair grow long”, little Shell asked.  Wynema smiled, knowing this was a good question to ask.  

“Well, my dear daughter, as we grow we store within ourselves all of our experiences.  We keep inside of us everything we have done in our lives.  We keep stored the good and the bad things.  We tuck away stories shared by our grandmothers and grandfathers.  There buried in our souls are our families from generations back.  All of these things make up who we are.  The very essence of our lives we have built is locked into our hair.  For this, our hair is very sacred.  As the People continue to generate, so does our hair, reminding us of who we are and how far we have come in our lives.”

“So you see, my lovely little girl, your beautiful long hair is to remind you of who you are and of all the grandmothers and grandfathers who came before you.  It is a sacred part of you”

Little Shell thought deep about what her mother said.  As her Mother finished twisting the long hair into a tight braid, Shell’s spoke with great longing, “Mother, someday I will touch the hair of Mother Earth and I hope to understand her essence”.

Wynema was not surprised by her child’s thoughts.  Shell was a deep thinker from a very very young age.  Wynema knew her daughter would someday possess a very special gift…

Keith laid low in the bushes.  The buffalo were only 100 yards away.  He held onto his newly shaped spear, made from napping stone and fashioned into a nice piercing point.  Sweat was forming on his forehead.  He was close enough to the great buffalos that he could hear them breathe.

He stood slowly and came from out of the bush.  It was not long before the buffalo smelled his presence in the air and turned their heads, one by one, to look at him.  He tightened his grip on his spear, but did not move any further.  Some of the buffalos began to snort and paw at the ground.  Slowly they moved toward Keith.  The beat of their hoofs shaking the earth beneath Keith’s own feet.

Chapter 23


Keo was stretched out on the bedding in his pod.  With his eyes closed he laid one of his arms over his face.  His mind was spinning back to a time long ago when he still lived on Mother Earth…

The television only got two channels, but middle aged Keo kept it on for company anyway.  He was sitting on the edge of his worn couch, drinking the last of his hot tea.  He looked at the pictures hung on his wall.  Some were of his children and others were of his Grandmothers and Grandfathers past.  He often wondered what it was like to live in the times when his people were free.  Free to live off the land and roam from mountain to valley.

The news on the TV was grim.  Nuclear bombs were being launched on a country halfway across the world.  It sickened his heart to know this moment had came.  It all could have been prevented, if only man would have listened.  As the broadcast moved to commercial, there was a knock at his open trailer door.

“Pop, it is time”, came the voice from outside on the stoop.  Stepping into the trailer was a handsome young man, resembling Keo in every way.  He came over to Keo and sat for a moment.  “Father, we are ready to go.  It is Operation Thunderbird time.  We must leave immediately and head for the Black Hills.”  His son’s voice was a flat tone.

“I know my son.  My bundle is over there by the door.  I am ready.”

They moved out of the trailer and into an old white ‘69 pick up truck.  Attached to the hitch was a trailer with a beautiful painted horse loaded inside.  As they moved on down the dirt road Keo peered into the passenger side mirror.  He watched the reflection of his old white and blue worn down trailer disappear into the rolling hills of the Dakota plains.

Moving his eyes away from the side mirror and to the landscape, he told his son, “It is so beautiful, I hate to leave her.”

“I know, Pop, she is beautiful.  We all feel her sorrow too.”

They moved onto the blacktop road and headed through the Badlands.  The hills in the distant now stood like majestic spires painted hues of orange, red and deep purple from the sun’s last light of the day.  Beyond the Badlands was the Black Hills.  A sacred place for the Sioux People.

They came to a turn off at the foot of the Black Hills.  The wooded area hid the road that only those who knew it was there could see it.  Rumbling down the road in the truck, the son turned to Keo and spoke, “Pop, I just wanted to remind you how much I love you.”

Keo looked over at his son who was now purposely keeping his eye on the rough bumpy dirt road.  With his left hand, Keo placed it on his son’s shoulder, “I love you too my boy!  We will make it through all of this.  The Creator has told me so.” 

Upon those words they both made eye contact and broke out into big smiles and laughed.  Soon they came to a stop at a clearing to the side of the road.  There were a few other cars and trucks already parked, but no one was around.  Quickly they unload the painted pony and moved to a trail that led deep into the woods.

They both took turns riding the horse through the trails.  Spotting holes along side the trail, they knew the People were doing as instructed.  There were many plants they wanted to take with them, so as each person started out on the trail to Thunderbird Operation, they chose a plant that called to them.  There were even small saplings that were chosen for the journey.

The trail came to an end and the trees opened up to a clearing, where stood a huge spaceship built according to plan that was instructed through a grand vision given to the People.  All kinds of people were milling around, with plants in hand, some with birds in cages, other with horses, dogs, sheep, pigs and even the mighty buffalo, all tethered to leashes.

As soon as Keo and his son were in the open, the scattered talk came to a low mummer, then silence.  Keo looked around as he came down off the back of the painted pony.   A soft smile came to his face as he recognized the faith these people came here with.  They all looked to him for further directions to begin Thunderbird Operation.

The People had gathered from all directions, coming from many nations.  They were the People who heard the instructions and were truly connected to the Earth.  The ship had been completed this last spring after seven long tedious years of preparations.

Without saying a word, Keo grabbed his bundle and gently set it down upon the tender ground.  Slowly he unwrapped the leather bindings and unfolded the buffalo hide to reveal a pipe bag among other essentials.  Quietly and faithfully, he began to pull out the sage and the red bowl and pipe stem.  

With the sage now trailing smoke streams up into the air, he bathed each piece in the vapors and then placed the stem into the mouth of the bowl, making the piece sacred.  With great attention, he pinched bits of ceremonial tobacco and honored them to each direction before packing them into the bowl.  

Once all sacred directions were recognized, Keo held the pipe up to the now darkening sky lit by stars.  His first words were spoken, “Wakan Tanka, Tunkasila, Whopila, Whopila, Whopila, Whopila!”  He then lit the prayer pipe.  Stoking the pipe until it was completely gone of tobacco, Keo then moved to the opening of the ship.

One at a time the people moved to the door.  Keo placed the stem end of the pipe upon each shoulder before the people entered the ship.  With the exception of Keo, his son was the last to enter, moving backwards towards the ship, acting as a great warrior watching their backs, as he danced the dance to a prayer song in his head.

Keo gathered his bundle and before entering, he turned and looked one more time upon the Mother Earth.  Kneeling down, Keo kissed the ground goodbye with great love and tenderness.  He whispered lightly for her ears to hear, “One day, after your great healing, we will be privileged to return to your bosoms.  Mitakuye Oyasin.”     

Miraculously the ship lifted off and forced its way into the outer reaches of the stars.  They left the ground undetected as if the ship was covered in one giant ghost dance shirt.  Their instructions from that point was to gather all the satellites and space junk and create a space world to occupy until it was time to return home.  

…Home.  That was the all Keo could think about as he laid in his pod, reflecting about the time way back when.  Underneath his bent arm covering his eyes, were streams of tears running down his cheeks.  Tonight, his heart ached for home.
 
 Chapter 24

Coming closer to Keith, the buffalo carried their weight with grace.  They were so near, Keith was beginning to see the eyelashes on their dark fury faces.  Over his shoulder he spotted a big oak tree.  Readjusting his grip on the shaft, Keith pulled the spear back, poised to throw.  The buffalo moved ever closer.  In an instant he lowered the stick and turned for the tree.  Sprinting fast with his heart racing even faster, Keith reached the strong oak and scrambled up to the higher branches.

About that time, the buffalo stampeded towards the tree.  The vibrations of their hoofs could be felt in the great oak.  Holding onto the branches tightly, Keith looked down and saw that he and the tree were surrounded by the big brown masses and clouds of dust that stirred from their feet.  Some of the buffalo rubbed up against the tree and looked up at Keith, sniffing the air.

Taking a few deep breaths, Keith began to contemplate on his next move.  Moving down a branch or two, but still in a safe distance, he began to study the wonderful animals.  This herd developed from the pair that came from the Solar Star Base.  Their hide looked tough and strong.  Their noses where wet.  One pair of big brown eyes looked up and locked with Keith’s.  Holding the same even stare back at the big face, Keith felt a bonding with the beast.  Keith felt as if the animal was picking him, so Keith decided to choose this one for the kill.

Pulling his spear back one more time, Keith positioned himself on the branch for the best shot he could get.  With all his strength, he snapped the shaft forward and gave a sharp release.  The spear pierced the hide and stuck!  There was a great yelp!  The brown eyes of the buffalo looked at Keith one more time before turning to run with the stick hanging out from his side.  The other buffalos turned and stampeded away, again shaking the big oak tree and the ground with their departure.

Sweat was beading down Keith’s face as he sat there dumbfounded.  He watched the injured buffalo slow down his pace as he crested the rise of a hill.  The other buffalo had moved on over the hill with their remarkable speed.  Keeping his eyes on the lone buffalo, Keith hung to the branch waiting and watching.  One more cry was heard from the animal then he fell to his side, faintly breathing.

With wonder written all over his face, Keith began to climb down from the tree.  He moved quickly to the hill, but kept scouting for the other buffalos.  Once he reached the animal, he could hear the wheezing of the buffalo’s breath.  Looking beyond the hill, Keith saw the others had now moved on down into another valley below and were still moving away, leaving their brother buffalo behind.

Slowly, Keith moved to the injured animal’s side.  With caution he looked over to his face.  The brown eyes meet his.  Keith could see he was suffering in pain.  The buffalo’s chest heaved up and down slowly.  Keith’s own eyes began to water.  Taking a deep breath, Keith gripped the shaft of the spear and quickly yanked upwards.  After pulling the bloody spear out, Keith held the shaft over his head and came down on the hide one more time.  With one sharp blow, Keith pierced the heart this time and the buffalo let out a snort along with his last breath.  The buffalo’s chest rose no more.

Keith let out a cry to the sky as he raised both his hands upwards.  Looking back at the slain beast, he moved over to the head and fell to his knees.  Pulling his own head down into the neck of the beast, Keith began to cry.  He never knew how much it would hurt to take down such a beautiful animal.  In the reflection of the moment in the tree, Keith began to understand the buffalo was offering himself when their eyes locked.  He will never forget the look of pride, honor and the awesomeness that was in those big brown eyes.

Slowly, Keith stood up and wiped the tears from his own eyes with the back of his hands.  Reaching behind him, he pulled out his knife from its’ sheath, secured at the back of his pants.  Keith cut from the throat down to the belly and began to dress the animal.  As he worked the hide and the meat, Keith spoke aloud, “Whopila Wakan Tanka and thank you Tunkasila for showing me the way!”   

Soon he gathered some strong willow and made a travois in which to move larger amounts of meat back to the lodge. 

Shell left the half covered shelter and moved to the river’s edge.  She was in good spirits but was still anxious for Keith’s return.  Standing over the water she looked at her reflection.  Gently she stroked some tangles from her hair and slowly began to braid the strands.  After a few minutes went by, Shell began to hear Keith calling her name in the distance, “Shell, I did it!  Shell I got us meat for the winter!  Shell!”

Turning she saw Keith coming towards her with his first load of meat upon the travois.  His hands were stained with blood and so were his leggings and feet.  Once he reached her at the river’s edge, he kissed her with excitement then moved to the water to wash the blood.  As he stood in the stream, he talked, “Shell, I need to hurry back and finish cutting the rest of the meat.  While I am gone I would like for you to start a big fire.  We will be cooking all night, my love!  We will have plenty of jerky and pemmican for the winter.  The Creator blessed us well.”

Shell was dumbfounded.  “Keith, the buffalo is such a big beast and there are so many of them, how did you bring one down?”

“With the spear and the help from the buffalo…..maybe some luck too.  Like I said, Wakan Tanka was working with us on this one.”

Shell moved her face into a pleasing smile.  She admired her companions bravery.  Her heart filled with warmth and joy.  Holding her belly, she spoke to the unborn child, “did you hear that little one, your daddy has brought you some strong medicine for food.  We are very proud and thankful.”

Keith stopped washing his hands, long enough to look at Shell.  She was beautiful with her swollen stomach.  His heart was now filling with warmth and joy.  A smiled spread across his face as he returned to cleaning the blood and spoke, “Well come on then my woman, we need fire!”  He began to laugh!

Shell saw his joy and laughed with him.  

So Keith finished bringing all the meat back in several trips and Shell had a good fire going.  Keith began to work the hide onto a frame built from some willow.  Meanwhile Shell cooked and cooked some more.  It was sunrise the next morning, before they had all the cooking done.  After some sleep they will jerky the meat, but before they went to bed they laid out a spirit plate of some food and said their prayers of thanks.

After they laid down and fell into the dream world, the wolf and her pups came and partook of the blessed food, then laid next to the smoldering fire and fell asleep too!
Chapter 25

Sitting in his pod, Stone stared out his small round window at the starry blackness.  Soon his eyes was averted to the moon who was lit up by the sun rays peeking around from the Earth’s body.  What sadden Stone the most was that the enemy was still out there in the darkness, lurking and waiting to descend to the sacred planet.  He was sadden that the enemy did not care enough to partner up with his people in reuniting their lives with Mother Earth.  They were greedy and selfish in their ways and this greediness was the same bad medicine that cost the People their home in the first place.

Pulling out a bit of sweet grass he had left, he began to light the strands with one of his bees wax candles.  The smell always quieted his heart when it ached.  With the light trail of smoke moving up to his nose, Stone looked at the moon one more time.  As it gleamed in the velvet sky, Stone wondered what hid in her shadows.  He noticed that he could never see the stars beyond the moon.  Only those stars way off in the distance.  Then the idea struck him!

Quickly he put his burning sweet grass into a bowl and abruptly turned and left his pod to find Keo.  A smile floated across his face as he thought of his cleverness.  Soon the flute song entered his mind as he walked down the corridors.  His lips were reciting the words with pleasure.

Upon entering a social room, he spotted Keo right away.  “Keo, Grandfather.  I must speak with you!”

Keo looked up from the group of people who had surrounded him to listen to his stories.  He could tell from the look in Stone’s face that something exciting was playing on his mind.

“Forgive me Grandfather for rudely interrupting.  I come humbly and want to speak with you on a subject of most importance”, Stone spoke as he neared Keo.

Keo’s eyes were gentle as he looked at the others who were intent on hearing the rest of the story.  “Well my friends, my story is a long one and this is a good time to take a break.  I will return to finish it in a bit, you have my word on that.  Never like to leave anyone hanging.”  Keo smiled and moved away from the group taking Stones arm and leading him away to a quieter section of the room.

“Again, I am sorry to intrude, but this thing that came to me can not wait one more minute”, blurted out Stone with excitement.

Keo kept a even look on his face as he responded, “Stone, slow down, you have my attention as well as my forgiveness.  Tell me what is it that makes you fly in here with such urgency.  I am all ears.”

“Keo, Grandfather, I have the best idea of how to accomplish our mission.  The Sister Moon gave me the answer in her wonderful glow”, Stone could not stop smiling and his eyes sparkled with joy.

“I see”, replied Keo.  “Maybe we better moved to my pod and discuss this in solitude.  I suppose you may have been given the answer we are looking for.  I feel goose bumps on my skin.”  Keo moved his hands up and down on his arms.  “Have not felt that in a long time.  Come, let us go and discuss this over some fine tea.”  Keo turned his placid face into a warm smile.

Keo was powerfully gifted with the ways of the spirit and medicine.  He could boil water in cups without the use of fire.  With two cups on the small table between him and Stone, he focused on his work.  Holding his hands over each cup he spoke a tongue from long ago and asked the spirits to heat the water for the medicine they were about the drink.  

Stone tried to sit quietly, but he was fidgety in his chair and licked his lips.  His eyes were big when he saw the water boil.  Even though he had witnessed Keo do this once before it still amazed him of the power this Grandfather possessed.  Keo placed some chamomile leaves into the cups and looked at Stone’s face.

“There are many things I can do when communicating to the other world, but there is also many original instructions that have been lost by my People from long, long ago”, Keo replied to Stone’s stare.

Upon those words, Stone returned to the present , “I am always amazed by the unseen forces that surrounds us.  Which brings me to my idea.  The unseen.”

Keo sipped on his tea and with a gesture of his hand he encouraged Stone to drink of the tea.  Stone lifted his cup and blew on the hot steaming water and sipped the sweet medicine as well.

Placing his cup down, Keo said, “Now Stone, you have come with some important ideas.  You may now share those.”

Holding his cup for some warm and support for finding the right words, Stone began, “Well, you know we have the enemy to contend with and we know we must sacrifice ourselves and this ship to destroy them.  It is our only chance of protecting the Earth from any harm as well as Keith and Shell.”

“Yes”, agreed Keo.  “And our dilemma is how to accomplish that and know the enemy is truly destroyed.  So your idea I suppose covers this?”

 “Oh yes and in a grand way too!”

“Go on then.”

Stone continued, “We know of the orbiting path the enemy takes and we know this enemy is soon to attempt descending to the Mother Earth.  Along this orbiting path we can hide.”

“Hide?  But where in this open space can we hide?”, puzzled Keo.

Stone smiled and the twinkle came back into his eyes.  “Keo, Holy One, we can hide in the shadow of the moon!”  Stone waited for Keo to respond to the thought.

Keo stroked his chin a moment and looked up at the ceiling.  He then slowly got up from his chair and moved to the round window looking out into the vast space that surrounded their Solar Star Base.  He studied the moon, then broke out into laughter!

Stone lost his smile thinking that Keo thought he was crazy. “Really, it hit me all at once how this can be done,” he pleaded.

Keo turned from the window and with a satisfied smile on his face, he looked at Stone and said, “My grandson, you have been given a vision that had escaped me all this time.  You are right!  We can hide in the shadows and when the enemy orbits near the moon, we can move out of hiding and with all the power we have left we can veer down upon them unexpectedly and destroy their Solar Star Base!”

Stone smiled and laughed along with Keo.  Keo raised his cup of tea and said, “Here is a toast to our People crossing over and to the two who will begin the sweet, sweet world again.”

Stone raised his and they both drank of the medicine.

After putting his cup down, a serious look came over Stone’s face.  “So it is true that we will die, but die for a Holy and Sacred cause.”  A long silence stood between Keo and Stone.

Keo replied, “I know I am ready.  Been here for a long time and it hurts to see all the pain and be reminded of all that was lost.  Everyone here has no idea what it is like to live on the Earth, except through the stories I tell.  Even though they lack that experience, it is still written in the marrow of their bones.  In their spirit they remember and they hurt too.  Our People will gladly die as Warriors!”

 “According to my calculations we have about three months left to put us into position.  Then a short time after that the enemy should be near the moon.  I suppose our efforts in preparing to die with our Solar Star Base will serve the race well.  It will also serve those who died at the hand of the enemy a service too.”

Keo kept a stern look on his face and replied, “Remember, my Grandson, revenge is not ours.  This is not about revenge, but about renewal!  Remember that on your last day.”
   
Chapter 26

Two months have gone by since the great buffalo hunt.  Keith and Shell had gathered a lot of nuts, roots, herbs.  Their new home was now built and complete to the best of their ability, protecting them from the strong north winter wind.  There were logs gathered and stored for fire and small sticks in piles for kindling and a leather pouch of flint nearby.  The buffalo hide became their blanket at night to keep them warm as they slept.

Since the buffalo hunt, Keith managed to take down a few deer and one elk as well.  Some of the meat he shared with the wolf and her cubs.  The hides has been tanned and sewn into shirts and ponchos to protect their skin from the sun and the bite of the bitter cold.

The crackling fire inside their lodge, vented out through the small hole in the dome roof.  As they laid there under the buffalo hide, the still of the morning seem quite different sounding than usual.  All was still as if wrapped in blankets and muffled.  Keith woke Shell up and asked, “Can you hear that?”

Shell woke from her slumber and tried hard to listen with an acquisitive look on her face.  “Hear what Keith?  Actually I hear nothing, absolute silence.”

Keith looked around and replied, “That is just it, I hear nothing.  No birds, no animals, no wind, no creak of the branches in the trees.  Did our world outside this lodge disappear?  Has all this been a dream?”

Shell threw back the hide and began to get up and look outside.  “No, wait, I should look,”, Keith stopped her.  “It is my place to protect you and the baby from harm.  Let me look around and make sure all is safe.”

Shell gladly snuggled back under the hide, but first grabbed Keith before he moved away to the door.  “Be careful, I need you now more than ever.  Me and the baby, “ Shell softly smiled, “I love you.”

Gently reaching down to Shell’s face, Keith pulled her hair away from her eyes.  Without words he touched her cheeks and smiled, then lightly kissed her on the forehead.  Reaching for his knife, he gripped it in one hand and moved slowly to the door.  A shiver ran down his back as he began to move aside the deer hide from the doorway.  

Shell watched him with great interest.  Slowly she sat up with the buffalo hide still wrapped in front of her.  All she could see from the opening of the door was whiteness.  No black contrast, no browns or greens, only white.

Keith let out a breath, “Oh my, Shell.”

“Keith what is it?  Are we okay?  Is the Earth still with us?  Keith?”  Shell felt the chill run up her spine that in turn made her shiver.

Keith turned and smiled back at Shell, “Do you remember a story Keo told us of this wonderful white icy stuff that would fall from the sky in shapes tiny stars.  Like frozen rain, I think he called is snow.  Shell it is snowing outside!  Come see!”

Standing, Shell wrapped the buffalo hide around her and her ever swollen belly.  She moved to Keith’s side and peered out the door.  To her surprise the ground and everything as far as the eye could see was indeed covered with snow.  Big flakes were still quietly coming down.  Together they both stepped out of the lodge and looked all around.  

There were wolf paw prints in the snow nearby.  The limbs of trees held snow in the crevices of their branches.  Looking up at the sky, the gray clouds continued to deliver the snow in huge round flakes.  Shell looked at Keith and began to laugh, pointing at him.  “You are getting covered in your hair and shoulders with snow!”

He laughed and pointed back, “and so are you.”  The both continued to giggle with delight.  Soon Shell held out her tongue and began to catch some and let them melt down her throat.

“Keith this is cold, but very beautiful.  I am happy we loaded some wood into our lodge.  Do you think this will last long?”  								
Keith ponder for a moment then replied, “I have no idea, but this snow on the ground is not melting like on your tongue.  It is getting deep too.  I need to work on something to keep our path clear at the door.  How about you grab some of the snow and melt it for some tea while I get busy working on that.”  Shell smiled at Keith then turned to retrieve a hallowed out gourd to gather the snow.  

The morning moved by quickly.  The snow was invigorating for Keith and gave him lots of energy, but soon he was cold and could feel the bite in his hands and feet.  Moving inside to gather some warmth he looked over his shoulder one more time at the landscape.  In the distance he could see the young wolves rolling and playing in the snow.

Inside the fire spread some warmth.  Cuddled together in the buffalo hide, Keith and Shell sipped on their tea using the hallowed out gourds.  They munched on some jerky and nuts and felt very satisfied.  The fire continued to crackle as Keith reached for another piece of wood to burn.  

Looking at Shell for a moment, Keith returned his eyes to the fire and spoke, “Shell, I find living here to be great joy, but I do miss our family on the Solar Star Base.  To live here is hard work and we are always having to think and invent, however, I find that very pleasing, satisfying.  But again, I miss my father.  I miss our friend, Stone.”

Shell pulled the hide closer around them and interlocked her arm around his.  Without ever leaving her eyes from the fire she laid her head on his shoulder and replied, “I know the feeling.  I miss Keo most of all.  Always went to him for answers.  There is this emptiness that creeps into my heart from time to time.  Do you think that emptiness will every go away?”

“I can not say, Shell.  But at least we are together in all this.”

After a moment passed, Shell spoke again, “Even though our friends and family are not here, there is Wakan Tanka, the Great Mysterious that seems to still walk with us.  We both have been given knowledge and should forever be thankful for that.  When the weather warms up again, we need to build us a prayer pipe.  It is time to give thanks properly.”

Suddenly outside the wolf began to howl and carry on.  Keith and Shell both moved to the door looked out.  The snow had stopped falling the clouds gave way to the afternoon sun.  

“How awesome this looks, the snow sparkles in the sun’s rays.”  

“Keith,” replied Shell, “let’s go for a walk to the river and see the snow from there.  I bet it is a wonderful sight in the valley too.”

“I don’t know Shell, it is wet and cold and you are with baby.  Not to even mention it is slippery out there.”

“We won’t go far.  Look the wolf want us to come out and enjoy the snow.  Please, let us go for just a short walk.”

Looking into her pleading eyes, Keith could not say no.  So they both bundled up the best they could and went to the riverside, with the wolf leading the way.  The river water was still flowing but the banks were packed with snow.  Everything glistened.  Their breaths showed as vapors in the air.  Icicles hung from some of the branches.  All was peaceful in the crystal like purifying world.  Cold, but peaceful and still.
Chapter 27

The Solar Star Base was reaching closer to the dark cloak of the moon.  They were able to make the maneuver undetected by the enemy.  Soon they will be in the darkness of  the shadow and then all that will be left is the wait.  Meanwhile, The Captain called for a feast to be held.  There will be one last Inipi then a feast following of the finest of foods that can be prepared.

In the Reservatory, Keo gathered the People together for one last story to share.

“This story was told to me long ago by my very own Grandmother.  What a story teller she was too!”  Keo paused and looked around and saw all the faces he had grown to love surrounding him, listening to all his words.  He saw the Captain and Stone sitting together.  Taking in a deep breath he began his last sharing.  His last story to be told.

“Long ago there was a Mother.  Every morning upon waking she would honor the Sacred directions with tobacco and a prayer of thanks.  She would thank the Creator, Wakan Tanka, the Great Mystery, for the bringing of the day. For the air that filled her lungs.  For all the winged, the plants, the four legged and the creeper crawlers.

She did this each and every morning.  Rain, snow, cold, nothing stopped her from going out to her favorite little willow tree and giving up this prayer.  She always did this just before the break of dawn, when the door to the spirit world was open at its widest.  The time when she knew her words would easily reach Wakan Tanka, the Great Mystery.  

Every morning her young five year old son would watch from a distance this daily practice.  He learned from her action the sacredness of the tobacco.  He learned the meaning and importance of each direction.  The East belonging to the beginning, to the spiritual road, to the infants; the South belonging to nurturing, the flow of the great waters, to the growing years, to all that is green; the West belonging to the Thunder Beings, the storms that cleanse, the darkness in which we face our fears, to the adulthood and lessons learned; the North belonging to the time of reflection, time of purification, placidity and to the Elders;  the Father Sky belonging to the spirit world, the land of the winged who carries our prayers, the air that fills our lungs, to the home of the wind; and Mother Earth, belonging to all medicines that heal, the shelter provided, the food supplied, without her we would not be.

So every morning the Mother would go to her favorite little tree and pray and from a distance the boy would watch and learn.

One spring a big storm with great winds came and cut the tree down with its great power.  The Mother still came to the spot where the fallen tree laid and prayed, but was very sadden by the loss of the tree.  The young son still watched from a distance and he too felt sadden by the loss of the sacred tree.

Later that afternoon when the storm ceased, the son asked the Mother for some tobacco.  She asked him why he wanted the tobacco.  With his red bandana clutched in his hands he bowed his head and said, ‘because I want to pray.’

The Mother was moved, so she gave him tobacco.

The son went to the spot where the Mother’s favorite little willow had fallen and laid upon the ground.  From a distance the Mother watched as the son offered tobacco to all the sacred directions.  She then watched the son pull the little tree up and with his red bandana he tied it to the remaining stump left in the ground.  The son was praying for healing for his Mother’s favorite little tree.

Again, the Mother was moved by her son‘s actions.  

She was proud he understood prayer, but she also understood a lesson in death needed to be taught.  So she joined him by the tree and thanked him for his thoughts, however, she explained, that everything in life has its time to journey on.  To cross over and complete the circle.  But she assured the child that Wakan Tanka heard his prayer.

For the next seven days it rained off and on, the gray clouds seeming to never cease.  On the eighth day the skies were clear again. The Mother was out praying at the spot were her favorite little willow once stood.  As she looked down at the ground she was amazed at what she saw.  In the distance was the son, waiting and watching.  She looked up to her son, smiled and motioned him to come to her.  When he reached her side, she pointed to the ground where the tree once grew.  ‘Look child, the Great Mystery heard your prayers!  Now you have learned the power of prayer’  There at their feet were seven saplings rising from the ground.”

Keo paused a moment for the silence to engulf the room.  Then he spoke again, “We are about to partake in our last Inipi and want each and every one of you to remember these three things.  

Just like in the little willow tree and all of life there is death.  But in that death is the completing of the sacred circle.  A movement of energy to the next world. 

With giving yourself to the faith of prayer and to the awesomeness of Wakan Tanka, we give breath to powerful miracles.  The energy moves mountains and the energy moves People.  

In all of life there is renewal.  The tree dies and breaks down into the ground becoming rich food for the saplings.  When grandmothers and grandfathers die, they leave behind a part of themselves in their children and their children’s new born babes.  The renewal.   

Peace be with you as we enter the sacred womb and begin our talk with the Great Grandfather Rocks.  Maytaka Oyasin!”

In the Reservatory, there were sixteen Inipis set up with four big fires servicing four sweat lodges each.  Instead of the solar energy used to feed the heat, there were sacred rocks brought to the fires just for this very moment.  Rocks that were carried back from various trips in releasing of the animals in the past.  Soon the voices would be swelling with prayer songs and drums keeping the heart beat in each and every lodge.

Stone looked down at the ground before he rose from his seat.  Once risen he took in a deep breath and moved over to the Inipi.  After being bathed in cedar, he entered the prayer lodge.  After the door was closed and the songs began and the steam rose from the rocks, Stone knew he was going to leave his ideas of revenge forever behind.  He now knew his walk to the other side was going to be a Holy one.  There he will be with his Father again. This whole event was not for revenge but a renewal for the People. 

The Captain was next to him, in his own world of prayers.  He missed his son so much it hurt, but even more he longed to see Eve again.  The songs rose from his voice and he cried as he tore himself from the heartache of choosing.  Soon his heart began to feel lighter and he knew his choice was the right one.  He loved his son, Keith.  He loved his wife, Eve.  Wakan Tanka has a way of making the path clear.

After the inipi was complete, everyone joined in on the great feast.  Nothing was spared.  There was no need in rationing for soon there will no longer be a need for the supplies on the ship.  There was Elk roasting along with Deer and Pig.  All of the fruit from the trees in the Reservatory was harvested.  The table was filled with all the squash, beans and corn from the gardens and savory nuts from the trees.  Everyone enjoyed the feast.

Laughter filled the air and smiles floated from one face to another.  Company was shared and stories were told.  Songs were filtering through the air as the drum beat seemed to never end.  Everyone was happy and seemed to welcome the day to come with grace and accepted their fate like true Akicitas, Warriors!  The aroma was that of sage, sweet grass and cedar.  Life was good and tomorrow was just another day.
Chapter 28

The snow of the winter was melting, and the crocus were beginning to bloom.  Shell leaned over the bladder bowl hanging over the fire, adding some of the dry herbs to the soup that cooked.  Straightening up with her hands supporting her back, she looked around at their lodge and their fire the things they had harvested and stored.  She was proud of all that she and Keith accomplished in creating a life here that satisfied all their needs.

Smiling she pulled the deer hide closer around her shoulders.  The air was still a bit chilly.  She moved away from the fire and in an instant grabbed her belly and catching her self against a nearby tree.  Shell realized her contractions were getting closer.  She looked up at the sun, with one hand shielding her eyes.  Only about an hour of sunlight left.  She was hoping to give birth before the day was out, but it looks like it will be a night time event.

Shell moved to the lodge and asked for Keith to come out.  Pulling away the deer hide door, Keith stood there and asked, “Are you okay, you look a little pale?”

Shell smiled and replied, “Come sit by the fire, I want to talk a bit.”

Keith held her by one of her arms as he led the way back to the warmth of the fire.  Gently he helped her sit upon a boulder nearby.  Keith patiently waited for Shell to speak.

“Keith, the baby will come this night.  There are some things I am in need of.”

Keith eyes widen, “Anything my sweet, I will do and get you anything.”  He reached for her belly and laid his hand there to feel the baby move.

“I will need your knife and I need you to go to the river and clean out one of the hides to wrap the baby in when it comes.  Also, have some tea made with some red raspberry leaves and the chamomile.  I will need some good tea for after.”  She smiled at Keith and gripped his hands tight as another contraction began.

Keith looked worried and wished he could take the pain away from her.  But he understood this was a woman’s world and a woman’s gift to birth.  After the contraction eased, Keith asked, “Shell what can I do during the birth, what else can I do to help?”

Shell put one of her hands on his cheek, “Keith, I need you to let me do this on my own.  You can stand at a distance, but this is my job to do.  You may burn some of our sage and pray for a safe and healthy delivery.  Once the baby is born, I will bring him…or her to you.  Then your job will begin.”  Shell kept her smile even.

“I am so proud of you, Shell, so proud.”  Tears began to well up in Keith’s eyes.  Shell tenderly wiped them off his cheek as they began roll down his face.

After Keith gathered the items Shell requested, they both sat by the fire waiting for the sun to fall and the contraction to come closer in time.  It was not long into the night that Shell decided she and the baby were ready.

“Keith, I need to go near the river, by the grove of willows.  It is about time.”

Keith walked with her a ways.  Not a word was spoken between them.  He held her hand.  Just short of the willows, Shell stopped and turned to Keith, “Here is where I want you to wait.  I will call you if I need anything.”  After a moment of silence passed, Shell added, “Keith, I am proud of you too.”

Shell reached up to his face and lightly kissed his cheek and moved over to the willows.  Once among the trees, Shell found the perfect spot for her to squat and hold on to a tree on either side of her for leverage and support.  Taking the now clean hide she unfolded it and laid it beside her.  Using the butt of the knife, she positioned it between her teeth to bear down on during the upcoming pain.

The contractions where extremely close and the baby was beginning to push.  Shell bent down and squatted and wrapped both her arms around each willow tree and in her mind she prayed she would succeed.  She closed her eyes tight and began to push with her abdomen.

Keith paced back and forth at the distance in which he promised to remain.  He could hear her muffled cries with each push she gave.  To him, the time seem to almost stand still.  He looked up at the full moon and took mental note of it’s brightness, but noticed a shadow beginning to ease over the light.  A moon eclipse was beginning.  Looking back down at the ground he could still make out the blue, yellow and white colors of the crocus now sleeping in the night.  What a beautiful flower he thought.  Then he heard Shell scream out loudly with pain.	 

In the shadows of the tree the wolf watched and waited too.  

Chapter 29

The eclipse began.  A shadow was moving across the moon.  Just about everyone on the star base were sitting each in their own pods.  Each person had on the sacred ceremony dress.  Their hair in braids.  Some had tears dropping from their eyes.  In the Reservatory the singers were at the sacred drum with their families, singing many crossing over songs.  Everyone was prepared for the death and the renewal.

Stone sat in his pod with his beautiful beaded leggings his Mother gave him a long time ago.  He felt proud to be who he was and to make the choice he did.  He sat cross legged on the floor and had with him Shell’s diary.  Sweet grass was burning in a abalone shell to one of side of him.  Clutched in one of his hands was the Eagle claw he wore as necklace.  Hanging from one of his two braids was the Eagle feather.  Even though the drums and the singing could be heard throughout all the Solar Star Base, in Stone’s ears was the flute song that haunted both him and Shell when this journey began.

The Captain, Malcolm, was sitting in his pod.  He was dressed in full ceremonial clothing and looked stoic.  He had tracks of tears staining his cheeks, but there were not tears of sorrow, but of joy.  Even though he had sweet grass burning near him, all he could smell was lilacs.

Instead of remaining in his own pod, Keo was sitting and waiting in the sanctuary.  He too was dressed in his leather leggings and wearing his roach upon his head with elegant eagle feathers on top.  Across his bare chest he wore he bone breast plate.  Keo had his face painted so the ancestors and Wakan Tanka, would know him when he crossed.  His voice moved along with the singers and the drum.  

The Solar Star Base rockets propelled them from the shadow of the moon and quickly come upon the enemy.  Before the enemy could even react the Solar Star Base collided.  The deep dark space was lit up by the explosion of the two ships.  The fire hung for a bit then showers of light fell.  Some of the light appeared to fall to Mother Earth.  The outer space world that once existed with human life was now no more.

After hearing Shell’s scream, Keith looked up at the moon again and saw the great fire ball and the shower of light.  For a moment he was frozen in his steps and could not moved.  He watched the beads of light fall to the Earth and swore it was near by.  He snapped he thoughts back to Shell and looked into the darkness to see what he could.

After Shell gave her last painful push, the baby came forth.  With tears in her eyes she held the baby against her chest for a brief moment.  Then quickly she cleaned the nose passages and heard the baby suck in it’s first breath.  Looking up to the sky to give thanks, Shell saw the light shower.  She knew that Creator, the Great Mystery was pleased.  

Gently she laid the baby on the hide and begin to cut the umbilical cord.  Pushing one more time, Shell pushed out the afterbirth.  Cutting off a small piece of leather from the hide, she wrapped up the afterbirth for a later ceremony.  Next, she wrapped up the babe and took them both to the river to clean up.

The baby cried with every few breaths and this brought Keith back to reality.  He now knew all was right and a big smile came to his face.  In the shadow he saw Shell move to the river and he knew soon he would meet his first child.  Looking down again at the crocus, he thought this time how beautiful life was.

Shell brought the baby to Keith all fresh and snuggled in the hide bundle.  “Keith, I would like you to meet your daughter!”  Joyful tears were still streaming down Shell’s face.  Keith lightly kissed her on her wet cheeks and then took the bundle into his arms.  After a moment he lifted the bundle to the sky and cried out, “Whopila!  Whopila!  Whopila!  Whopila, Wakan Tunkasila!  Thank you Sacred Grandfather, Creator!  Whoplia!”

The eclipse had passed and the moon shone bright upon the new Mother and Father.  Keith took his eyes off the baby girl and looked at Shell.  “I think for know, the Creator wants us to call her Snow Flower.”

“That is beautiful.” Shell whispered.

“Come my love, you need rest.”  They turned to walked back to the lodge and fire when the wolf began to bark and howl.  “Look,” Keith remarked, “even the wolf is happy.”

Shell smiled, but cocked her head at the wolf, “No Keith it is something else.  She is trying to tell us something else.”  

About that time, shadows appeared in the woods.  Keith placed his arm around Shell and the baby for protection as they stood still.  Soon the shadows came into the moon light and were recognized as friends and family from the Solar Star Base.

Keith and Shell could not believe their eyes.  The wolf stood between the people and Keith and Shell.  “Wolf!”, Shell shouted,  “these are our relatives!”

The wolf sniffed the air, then began to wag her tail.   Hearing howling in the far distance the wolf turned and trotted into the woods to rejoin her family pack.

The rest of the night the People shared with Keith and Shell all the stories of their experiences and preparations for their journey.  They spoke of how some made choices to join their relatives in the next world and how some chose to ride the stars and  join up with Keith and Shell here on Mother Earth, and to begin again the sweet world. 
Chapter 30 

MANY, MANY YEARS LATER ON MOTHER EARTH…….

The fire snapped and crackled as the children sat quietly listening to the story the old man was telling.  “So you see, my children, this is how we came to be here.  Not only are we from the Black Hills of this land, but we are also from the stars.  Many of us floated down to Mother Earth on the tails of stars.”

As the story teller paused, a child asked, “But what happened to Keo, the Captain and the guy named Stone?”

The eyes of the story teller clouded for just a brief moment, then sparkled again as he began his answer, “Well you see, Keo, the Captain and Stone, they choose the next world.  Keo, he lived such a very long time and wanted to be with his old family again.  And the Captain longed to be by his wife side.  As for Stone, well he missed his Father and Mother too much.  But knowing that, Keith and Shell understood their choices and knew in their heart that one day they too, will move to the next world and will meet them again at that time.”

“Okay children”, interrupted the Grandmother, “it is time we let Grandfather rest.  I know his stories are wonderful, but it is time for rest.”  The children, one by one rose and walked over to the storyteller, their Grandfather and gave him a hug as they each departed.  Once the children were gone, the Grandfather looked over to the Grandmother and said, “You know, my sweet, those children all are beautiful, just like our now grown daughter, Snow Flower.”

The Grandfather looked into the fire and tossed in some cedar and looked up to the sky and spoke, “Mitakuye Oyasin”.

THE END

