
Forbidden Quest
Hypnotic Journey, Book 1


By
Alaina Stanford

©2012 Alaina Stanford Fourth Edition 7/8/2017 by Alaina Stanford for Smashwords

No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without written permission of the author.





Acknowledgements



Thank you to my cover artist, Jack Martin.
Thank you Hypnotic Proofreading.
Special thanks to my sons for their inspiration.

Chapter One

“You’re not going?  You know what I’ve got invested in this project, and you’re not going?” Nicole asked. A crimson glow rushed across her face. She thrust her free hand out to her assistant and shook her head so viciously her short brown hair whipped from side to side. The assistant disappeared quickly through the office door. Nicole plopped down in her desk chair clutching the receiver with fury. “The deposit is non-refundable, we can’t cancel, and we can’t reschedule. Dr. Strong said it had to be this weekend, Tom. There are no other slots available.”
The raspy voice of her latest romance, Tom Norton, answered calmly, “Niki, I’ve got viral meningitis. You don’t fool around with something like that.” Nicole suddenly imagined him lying in his bed, still wearing his musk cologne that was part of his morning routine as much as brushing his teeth. Her tone began to soften at the thought of his sweaty dark brown hair making his deep brown eyes even more prominent. 
Tom rolled over to grab the bottle of painkillers his doctor prescribed, “Dr. Maan said to go to bed and forget about the rest of the world for the next week. I am surprised at your response and hurt that you don’t seem to care. You sound more upset about losing the deposit instead of missing out on the weekend with me.”
Resisting the guilt that threatened to wash over her, Nicole took a deep breath and shifted her chair so she could reach her computer while they talked. “Tom, it’s not the money and you know I like spending time with you. It will take months before I can manage to weasel another free weekend out of my boss. Besides, we must have four members on our adventure team. If you drop out, then the whole thing is off. Sarah and Todd have gone to a great deal of trouble fitting this trip into their schedule. We will not get another shot at this.  Dr. Strong said he was pulling out of Landon and moving to Miami in a few weeks. He is the only hypnotist in the country offering these group fantasy sessions. It’s the next big trend in discount vacations.”
“We can afford a trip to Miami. St Louis is in the middle of the country, Nicole. You can get a low-cost flight to almost anywhere from here,” Tom said, sinking back into his pillows 
“Contrary to what you might believe, I don’t get a bonus when I win a case. The District Attorney would prefer to take his best Assistant DA to bed rather than give me a bonus or time off.” She thought of how similar the DA was to her father, a man who chases anything in a skirt, even her college roommate.   
“Ok, ok, I’ve heard all this before.” Tom winced, “I asked Jack to take my place. He was bumped off his flight to St. Thomas this morning and has some spare cash.”
“Absolutely not!” Nicole dug her pink, perfectly manicured nails into the keyboard.
“Come on, it won’t be that bad. You’ll be under hypnosis all weekend.” Tom sighed as his eyelids began to close.
“Anyone but him, Tom.” Nicole moaned in resignation and shoved hard against the desk. Her chair slammed into the wall behind her with a sharp whack. “I know he’s your friend,” she said tapping her fingernails against the arm of the chair with such force Tom could hear the clicking on his end of the call. “But the man is a complete washout. He has no ambition, no ethics, and no morals. If you think he’s going to pay you the money you put down on this trip, you are out of your virus infected mind.”
“Niki, he was just here. He took me to the doctor this morning because I couldn’t drive.  He paid for my share of the deposit and headed home to grab his bags,” Tom answered running his palm over his face. “Give him a break, he’s a free spirit. He didn’t have wealthy parents to pave the way or get a full ride to Yale as you did. He’s doing the best he can with what he’s got.”
Looking out the tiny cracked window of her small, dreary office, she could smell the nauseating grease of the nearby fast food chain. Her foot began to twitch as she envisioned a weekend with Jack’s annoying smile. “Maybe we should cancel. I’ll throw a few things together and nursemaid you through the weekend.”  
Tom chuckled at Nicole’s monotone attempt at compassion, and immediately regretted it as pain shot through his temple.  “I appreciate your offer, Niki, really I do. I know it would kill you to sit here all weekend and watch over me. So let’s not pretend your heart is in that gesture.” Tom smiled through the pain, keeping his eyes closed against the blinding sunlight that crept through the drawn blinds. “The bed’s starting to float and I haven’t had any sleep in about 32 hours, so I better go. Jack will fill my spot nicely. He and Todd are practically brothers; we were the Three Musketeers all through middle school. Take it easy on Jack, brown eyes, he’s a good guy. It’s surprising how complicated he is, you’d find that out if you gave him a chance.”
“I did that once, remember? He made a pass at me,” Nicole snapped.
“He was drunk, and it was a joke. That’s just his way. He’s like a brother to me, and it’s important to Jack to approve the women I date. If Jack didn’t like you, he would be over here every possible minute trying to run you off. I’ve told you before; you’re the first girlfriend of mine in years that he hasn’t given a hard time.”
“If how he treats me is nice, then I’d like to see it when he’s mean.”
“Just relax for a change and try to have fun.” Tom yawned loudly as the painkillers began to work their magic. 
“Right,” Nicole sighed, surrendering to a wrecked weekend. “Do you need me to drop anything off before I head to the airport?”
“No . . . and I canceled the flights, Jack’s borrowing a friend’s plane,” Tom added faintly.  “He’s a pilot.”
“What?” Nicole jumped from her chair. “Oh no, Tom! I am NOT riding in a plane that he is flying!  Are you insane?” Nicole’s answer was silence, followed by deep snoring.


The plane ride to the small Landon airport in Kansas proceeded exactly as Nicole suspected. Todd Hopper and Sarah Sims had dated since college. Todd was all too familiar with Jack’s last minute appearance or disappearance on Tom’s group vacations. As soon as Todd and Sarah arrived Todd gave Jack a bear hug and said, “Hey! Where’d you get the money for this trip? You still owe me $500 bucks from our diving trip last summer!” 
Jack laughed and offered, “I’ve got five bucks left in my pocket, and it’s all yours! But for the life of me, I can’t understand why a professional hockey star would bother shaking down a travel agent for cash. You make more in one season than I will in ten lifetimes.” They proceeded to spend the next 30 minutes concentrating on Todd’s Hockey stats, instead of prepping the plane for departure.
Nicole rolled her eyes as Sarah approached. Sarah hugged Nicole and said, “I’m sorry to hear about Tom. I talked to my colleague Dr. Kean, and he said Tom’s lucky it’s not bacterial meningitis, but the headaches are just as bad. He made the right decision to stay home.” 
Jack’s laughter filled the plane as they took their seats in the small twin-engine plane. Jack said, “I apologize for not finding extra headsets for everyone.” Then he proceeded to shout over the small plane’s engine, telling one stupid joke after the other the entire flight. Prim and proper Sarah Sims blushed and giggled at the array of graphic limericks. Her blonde curls and blue eyes flashed in the afternoon sunlight as she politely corrected Jack’s raw anatomical terms. Eventually, Jack began to comment that Sarah was in actuality not a nurse practitioner but one of his more attractive school teachers in disguise. 
Todd squirmed in his seat just enough to take hold of the back of Jack’s neck. A flash of warning filled his eyes, “Enough of the cheap jokes, Jack. Sarah is off limits.”
Nicole rolled her eyes and clenched her jaw in an attempt not to scream at their idiocy. 
Sarah snuggled close to Todd as he squeezed back in next to her in the narrow space.  His large frame and muscles overflowed the tiny seat area. Nicole rolled her eyes as he wrapped his arm around Sarah to allow her closer to him.   
She had the privilege of sitting next to Jack. His wavy brown hair and sky blue eyes enchanted most women, but not her. Never again, not after the night, Jack shoved his tongue down her throat when Tom wasn’t looking. Sitting next to Jack was more than just mental agony. The stench of cheap cologne drifted over to her. Jack looked like he’d prepared for a luau with his brightly colored floral shirt, ragged cut off jean shorts and dusty sandals. All he lacked was a poorly constructed straw hat. His broad shoulders steadily jolted Nicole with each peal of laughter. That, and the jarring bumps of the small plane made Nicole wish she’d stayed home to nurse Tom after all.
The Landon Airport was small and rural with a single landing strip snuggled in the middle of the field of corn. Their landing was a bit bumpy but uneventful. Pulling their luggage out from behind the back seat, they scanned the horizon for any sign of the shuttle. Sarah walked to the edge of the field and peered into the rows of corn. Todd came up beside her and said, “Baby, your hair is exactly the same color as the corn cobs.” Todd cleared his throat. He struggled to find something romantic to say. The corn cob remark didn’t come across as he expected.
Sarah turned and gazed at him, her expression filled with amusement.
Todd tried again. He reached out and picked a small blue flower from the top of the corn stalk. Turning back to her he added, “Now I understand what they mean when they say, your eyes are the color of cornflowers, because they are.” He handed her the flower and kissed her. Sarah smiled sweetly; she knew he was trying. Suppressing a chuckle, she wrapped her arms around him and returned his kiss with fervor.
After forty-five tedious minutes of watching the sun sink in the sky, swatting bugs and watching for snakes, an old Toyota Minibus appeared on the dirt road at the far end of the field. The driver climbed out of the vehicle. His tall boney frame suggested he was as old and feeble as the bus.
“Howdy folks!” the man said, “I’m Fred Johnson, owner of this here farm. Nice to see Y’all!  Dr. Strong asked me to git you downtown to his hotel.  So off we go!”
Todd snatched up the ladies’ bags and tossed them into the rear of the bus. Jack grabbed the rest and followed suit. He continued his comic routine during the drive to town, telling the best jokes from every country he had ever visited.  
Once they’d arrived, Sarah looked up at the building and said, “This architecture is very unusual. It’s the only large stone building in town, and gargoyles line the roofline. It looks like some European cathedral.” 
Nicole ignored Sarah comments, pushed Jack out of the way and reached for the doors.
“Cool off, Nicole!”  Jack’s laughter boomed through the open double glass doors and echoed inside the lobby. He stepped aside and allowed Sarah to precede him, saying, “You’ve got to admit this place looks more like an oversized mortuary than a Hypno Clinic.  After all it’s the only building over three stories high in this tiny burg.  I bet it’s the only place in town that has an elevator.”
“Dr. Strong owns most of this tiny burg.” Nicole’s raised voice echoed in the large ornate lobby, “He selected us from more than two-thousand other applicants to participate in this adventure.”  
Giant bold colored tapestries portraying ancient legends covered the towering walls.  Dark gray marble floors accented tall pillars that separated the exterior of the room from the central area. In the center of the hall stood a plain wooden receptionist desk where an attractive woman sat staring at them.
She smiled brightly at Jack as they approached. Their eyes adjusted to the dim light and Jack’s grin turned into a full toothy smile as he got a good look at the enticing blonde greeting them.  
“If he weren’t the only psychologist using hypnosis for fantasy journeys, I would never have allowed you to join us, Jack.” Nicole continued, “As it is, were lucky to here.  So I’d appreciate it if you would act like an intelligent, respectable, human being until this weekend is over.” Nicole stepped in front of Jack to block his view of the distracting receptionist. “You are capable of that, aren’t you, Jack?”
Jack met her gaze boldly, his eyes flashing with a challenge. “You must be into the occult and all that, to want this so badly,” Jack said flashing a brilliant smile.
“I don’t believe in witches or ghosts if that’s what you mean,” she said. “This will be the new wave of recreation for the dedicated business community. It’s a week’s worth of vacation in the span of a weekend, and I want to experience it.”
“You want to invest in it,” Jack corrected. Dismissing Nicole, he darted around her to concentrate on the receptionist. “Hello, we’re the Waters group. We have a reservation.”  Nicole could have sworn Jack was addressing the receptionist’s ample cleavage that heaved out of her tight low cut lilac dress.
As the receptionist leaned forward to greet Jack, Nicole stepped in front of him again and said, “Dr. Strong is expecting us.”
“Yes, Miss Waters,” the receptionist’s voice dripped with sensuality. She turned a questioning gaze from Jack to Nicole. “The doctor left these dossiers for you.” She offered the files to Jack while maintaining eye contact with Nicole. “Inside are your character inventories.  Dr. Strong assigned each of you an identity according to your personality profiles.”
“Thank you,” Nicole replied, snatching the dossiers from Jack’s weak grasp.
  “You must be Tom, the barbarian,” the receptionist cooed turning back to Jack. She leaned forward offering her hand while displaying her full assets.
“I’m not Tom, but I’d love to be your barbarian,” Jack answered grinning with admiration.
A frown pushed the seductive look from her eyes, “Then you must be Todd, the warrior elf.”
“I’m Todd Hopper.” Todd appeared at Jack’s side with Sarah at his heels. “Did you say I was going to be a warrior?”
The confused receptionist ignored the satisfied smile on Todd’s face and studied the group, carefully. “Are you Nicole Waters?”  
“Yes, and this is Jack Tyler. Tom Norton has taken ill, so Jack is taking his place,” Nicole answered.
“This is unexpected,” the receptionist declared pushing a small button near the edge of her desk. “I’ll inform Dr. Strong at once about Tom’s replacement.”
A small, stocky man appeared from the shadows behind them. “Homun will show you to your rooms.” The receptionist motioned him forward. “Please study the dossiers, carefully. Especially you, Nicole, you are the sorceress. Familiarize yourself with the incantations you will be using. Dr. Strong wants this experience to be as real as possible.”
“Thank you, I hope we haven’t caused any inconvenience,” Nicole said to the receptionist then turned to follow the little man heading down a dark corridor to their left.
“I’m sure everything will be all right.” The receptionist turned her attention back to Jack. “I’ll notify you personally if Dr. Strong would like to meet you before the session. Will you be in your room?”
The receptionist’s pupils were so large Jack had a feeling she was stalking him like a jungle cat. The hair on the back of Jack’s neck stood on end. Nodding his consent when no words came to him, Jack swallowed hard as a strange foreboding washed over him. Turning back to the group, he followed them into the corridor and caught up as they reached the elevator. Stepping inside, Jack felt somehow removed from the group, like he was watching them from afar.  
Exiting the elevator without a word, Homun directed the group toward their rooms, pointing first at Sarah and Todd, then to their door and moving on. Realizing that she had forgotten to arrange for Jack’s private accommodations, Nicole rushed forward to rectify the situation before they reached the door to their room.
“I’m terribly sorry, Mr. Ho ... whatever, but Mr. Tyler cannot stay in this room with me. We are not together.” She blurted this out with slightly more desperation than intended.
Homun stopped and turned to look at her with piercing black eyes. The two stood there unmoving, staring at each other. Jack peered over Nicole’s shoulder at the little gray-haired man and then turned and glanced back at Sarah and Todd, who were entering their room.
“Hopper, we’ve got a problem,” Jack called. He moved back down the hall toward them.
Nicole could not stop staring at the bellhop. As her eyes began to water from the effort, she heard Jack explain, “Nicole is uncomfortable with the sleeping arrangements and the, uh, bellhop isn’t responding. I hate to split you two up, but it looks like the only way at this point.”
Todd glanced at Sarah and pulled her closer. She in return nodded her consent. Todd missed her subtle sigh. He leaned in for another kiss. Sarah reached up and brushed a lock of his golden blonde hair from his eyes. Her eyes sank to the floor when Todd rushed past her to grab their bags. He shrugged his shoulders at Jack, “All right, but I warn you, I snore.”
“Judging from the looks of this place, I’d say we won’t have to worry about getting enough sleep. It’s not even 8 o’clock, and they’re sequestering us in our rooms,” Jack sighed.
Todd gathered Sarah’s bags, and they followed Jack down the hall to where Nicole still stood locked in a staring contest with the bellhop. Jack patted him on the shoulder, “sorry to have ruffled your feathers, old man. Nicole and Sarah can bunk together down the hall. Todd and I will take this room.”
“Let’s put the girls in this one,” Todd objected. “It’s further from the elevators and should be quieter.”
“Who’s going to bother us, Todd?” Nicole asked. “The entire building’s owned by Dr. Strong, we’re probably the only ones here.”
“Exactly.” Todd locked eyes with Nicole then pushed past her, opened the door, took a brief look around and set Sarah’s bags on the furthermost bed. Snatching his and Jack’s dossiers from Nicole’s outstretched hand, Todd turned to Sarah, “Call if you need me.” He kissed her quickly, and then headed back down the hall.
Annoyed at Todd’s chauvinism, Nicole entered the large room. She sighed as her eyes landed on the faded daisy wallpaper that was peeling off the far wall and tossed her bag on the nearest bed. “Is he always so overprotective?” 
“Most of the time.” Sarah smiled contentedly, moving past Nicole to look out the window at the pink and orange hues of the sun as it set behind the large field of corn behind the hotel.
Sarah turned to smile softly looking past Nicole toward the door. “Good night Jack.”
“Good night Sarah,” he grinned at her from the doorway. “Oh Nicole, if you’re bored and would like to work off some of that aggression maybe we could head out on the town and look for mud wrestling bars...”
“Out!” Nicole spun as Jack disappeared down the hall, his laughter following him. Nicole turned to Sarah and continued their conversation without hesitation, “How can you stand it?  Doesn’t he realize you can take care of yourself?” Nicole asked, pacing the length of the room.
“Sure he does, but I kind of like how he’s always watching out for me.” Sarah turned to smile softly looking past Nicole toward the door. “I’m going to be a fairy,” Sarah announced with a giggle, studying her file.
“What a surprise,” Nicole mumbled, closing the door.

Jack caught a glimpse of Homun disappearing back inside the elevator as he grabbed his bags and headed into his room. “Not exactly the typical bellhop,” Jack said to Hopper with a grin. “Then again, if the good doctor wanted to add some mystery to the weekend, that silent little man is just the ticket.”
Todd glanced up as he pulled his clothes out of a suitcase and pointed to the far bed.  “That one’s yours,” he said to Jack and tossed his bag on the nearest bed, surveying the room. A large gold framed mirror hung on the wall. It was the only decorative ornament in the entire room except for the faded bedspread and matching curtains covered with giant purple tulips. Jack grinned, “Remember when I went on vacation with your family to the Bahamas when we were kids? I swear this room has the same bedspread as our hotel back then. 
Todd chuckled, “I don’t remember the room décor, but I do remember the sunburn we both got from spending all day trying to learn to body surf.”
Jack began to unpack the small duffel bag, pulling out the two T-shirts and one pair of jeans that were his wardrobe for the weekend. Tom’s dossier caught his eye, “So you’re going to be an elf?” 
“An elf warrior,” Todd corrected. 
“Oh yeah, Tom said this was a role playing weekend.” Jack opened his file and read the description of the barbarian he was to become. The details were astounding.  He read a list of his weapons; an asterisk noted his character’s favorites. The description also included the number of different creatures he had killed and the weapons he used for each brutal battle.  
“Do you know much about hypnosis Hopper?”  
The young athlete was sitting at the head of his bed absorbed in his dossier. “No, but Sarah took psychology in college for her degree and says it’s harmless,” Todd answered. “Providing it’s done correctly.” 
“How does this thing work anyway? Are we going to spend all weekend studying these files, then be hypnotized for 10 minutes and think we’ve been on a wild ride through fairyland?” Jack tossed the file on his bed as he sat down sinking into the old worn mattress.
“According to the itinerary, tomorrow morning after breakfast Dr. Strong will give us some last minute instructions before he hypnotizes us. We’ll stay under until Sunday afternoon.” Todd put down the papers and leaned forward before continuing. His face lit with enthusiasm and his speech quickened. “He’s a professional; this is going to be awesome.”
“What about eating? When and where do we sleep?”
“That’s the beauty of it. We’ll think we’re eating wild boar while sitting next to a mountain stream or in a tavern somewhere in this enchanted realm when we’ll actually be sitting at a card table eating chicken.” Todd grinned, “I think it’s awesome!”
“And...” 
“We’ll find a campsite and go to sleep. The doctor will have sleeping bags, cots, or something ready for us. The days will last around six hours, and then we’ll think it’s night, and Strong will send us into a deep sleep, for a couple hours. Then off we go on our adventure searching for hidden treasure, or liberating a village from a tyrant. It will seem like a week has passed. In reality, it will be only a few days.”
It all sounded intriguing, but Jack couldn’t shake the sense it was too good to be true. “Is it okay to be hypnotized for so long?”
“Don’t be such a baby, Jack. Where is that crazy sense of adventure that is always getting us into so much trouble? Remember kayaking down the Zambezi?” Todd said with a grin.
“What if we don’t like it?  What if we want to stop?” Jack ignored Todd’s remark. He did not like the idea of someone playing with his mind for an extended period.
“If it gets too hairy, or you feel uncomfortable with your character, just give the word, and Strong will bring you out.”
“What kind of credentials does this guy have?”
“Come on, Jack you’re starting to sound like Nicole. She questioned this every step of the way. It all checks out. He’s legit. Hypnosis is just like vegging out on the couch totally involved in some movie at 3 a.m. If you get bored, you get up and go to bed. There’s no mysterious control factor going on.” Todd picked up his dossier, and then paused to stare at Jack and added, “Zambezi.”
“I swear I didn’t know about the crocodiles. It was my first year as a travel agent, give me a break,” Jack sighed. The antics from their Spring Break jaunts were not something he wanted to rehash. “Hey, don’t you have a game Monday?” Jack asked.
“It’s an exhibition. Besides, I should be back in plenty of time. Coach will never know I was gone.” Todd winked at Jack and went back to his file.
“You didn’t tell him?” Jack grinned.
“It’s one weekend out of my life. The only secret I’ll ever keep. Do you remember the so-called friendly devil worshiping natives that lined the Amazon? I thought they were going to eat us for dinner.” Todd’s wicked grin brought back vivid memories of their careless adventures.
“Just what would you have done, if you hadn’t eaten any meat in a year or so? Besides, that Priest talked them out of it, we were fine.” Jack laughed despite himself, tossed his bag into the corner of the room, and fell back on the bed.  
“You know Nicole’s right. If this trip is as wild as Strong claims it to be, the good doctor could have a real money maker on his hands.” Todd added with a grin, “And this time we are in no danger of being eaten by man or beast.”
Jack had to admit it was hard to ignore the potential of this new adventure.  Nicole was talking investment, and Hopper loved the idea before they even got started. Sarah researched the process from a medical standpoint and had given it her stamp of approval.  
Jack leaned back against his lumpy pillow and hoped his friends were not too disappointed if the entire weekend turned sour in the morning. In the two years, he’d known Nicole; she’d never considered anything remotely speculative. Perhaps there was something about the adventure Nicole failed to mention. He would just have to wait and see. The ‘Ice Lady’ was no fool. She wouldn’t drag her friends, or herself for that matter, away for a weekend if there were the slightest chance Dr. Strong was not legitimate.
A soft knock at the door drew the conversation to an end. Jack opened the door to find the receptionist standing there smiling at him with her soft, sultry lips.
“Jack, Dr. Strong would like to meet with you before the session tomorrow. He wants to make sure Tom’s dossier is right for you. We don’t want any last minute complications,” she cooed while reaching out her long red-tipped fingers to take his hand. “It won’t take long.” 
Feeling drunk with the anticipation of being alone in an elevator with the blonde seductress, Jack turned back and flashed a wicked grin at Todd before disappearing down the hall.
“I’m Shala. I was also hoping we’d have a private moment together before your adventure begins.” Her soft voice dripped like honey. She slipped her hand into the crook of Jack’s arm.
“Shala, you read my mind,” Jack replied guiding her into the elevator. His voice grew husky, “After Dr. Strong and I talk, how about you show me the sights of Landon?”
“The most exciting thing in Landon is in my suite,” Shala whispered. She leaned hard against him, forcing his back to the wall. Her hands explored Jack’s chest, sliding down his sides and around to his back sinking lower. Her fiery smile sent an unexpected chill through him. Jack squirmed uncomfortably, glancing up at the panel above the elevator doors. The second-floor indicator lit and held. He watched the doors silently slide aside to reveal a large banquet hall just as Shala’s hands reached a sensitive spot.


Massive twin chandeliers twinkled dimly above them, giving off just enough light for the pair to avoid the series of athletic equipment scattered throughout the pale green-carpeted room.
“What is this place?” Jack asked. “It smells like an old gym.” He squinted at a ten-foot high pile of thick mats resembling a pyramid.
“This is where your adventure will take place.” She stopped in front of a large wooden door at the far end of the room. “Dr. Strong’s office is through that door. I’ll return for you in one hour.”  
Shala spun around and headed toward the elevator. Jack’s eyes focused on her curvaceous, swaying hips as she glided across the room.  
Shaking off her tantalizing effect, he knocked softly on the large ornate door. Receiving no reply, he pushed it open. A tall, white-haired man strode across the large room toward him.     
Unlike the previous room, the light in the doctor’s office was bright. The room smelled musty from the clutter. Piles of books of every size and shape were stacked high along all four walls. Amidst the worn, dusty shelves were beakers filled with thick dark liquids, clay flasks stopped with large corks and small cloth bags stuffed full of unknown treasures.  Intricately carved figures decorated the dark wood of the desk. All sorts of gargoyles and bat-like creatures ran along the side and front panels. A pile of dark-colored polished stones was all that sat on a large desk.
Dr. Strong held out his hand and addressed Jack, “Jack Tyler, this is an unexpected turn of events. Although I’m sure, we’ll have no trouble compensating.” The broad-shouldered doctor had an iron grip. He looked more than three times Jack’s age, but walked with the strength and agility of a much younger man.
“That’s good to hear, Doc. I’d hate to have to explain to the others our trip up here was a waste of time.” Jack sat down in an old high-backed chair that sank so deeply with his weight he could feel the wood base. 
Walking around to sit behind a large oak desk situated in the center of all the clutter, “No more than I, Mr. Tyler.”  
The doctor’s cold smile set Jack’s senses on alert. “So tell me Dr. Strong, exactly what kind of a doctor are you? I mean what type of degree is necessary to be considered an expert in hypnosis?” Jack leaned forward in the chair.
Dr. Strong smiled and said, “I have a Doctorate in Psychology from the University of Chicago. However, my expertise in hypnosis comes from years of personal study. My father was a Psychiatrist obsessed with the inner workings of the mind. His goal in life was to enter into the depths of the human thought process through hypnosis. He believed it to be the key to unlocking mental illness.” Dr. Strong’s dark gray eyes searched Jack with such scrutiny Jack felt as if he was a bug under a microscope. “But enough of me. I will explain everything you need to know about the procedure tomorrow morning before we begin.  What I would like to do now is discuss your personal background.”
“I’m afraid I’m not very interesting.”  
The doctor leaned forward clasping his hands together on the desk. “It is essential that I have a concept of the type of person you are. I want to know where you grew up. Who were your family life and the extent of your education?”  
“Well, I’m a corporate travel consultant with a large firm in St. Louis. I handle international flights and tours for several of our larger corporate clients. My mother died of cancer when I was five; my father passed a few years after her. I was a pretty disruptive child.  
I grew up in Maine, in a series of foster homes. Most were great; they took decent care of me, a few were not. Right, before I turned eleven, I landed at the Tyler’s home, and they decided to adopt me. They were old enough to be my grandparents, but I had a good home and lots of love. I graduated from high school, went to a trade school and here I am.” Jack squirmed in his seat and cracked his knuckles. He was uncomfortable, telling his life story to a stranger and wanted to get the meeting over with quickly.
“I see. You may well be the only person I’ve ever met that’s capable of describing their entire life in less than sixty seconds,” Dr. Strong said. He leaned back in his chair and picked up one of the polished stones from the desk and began to examine it.  “Are you satisfied with your life, Mr. Tyler?”
“Satisfied?” Jack stared back, hesitating, trying to figure out where the doctor was going with his questions. “I enjoy what I’m doing. I get to travel all over the world for practically nothing. I have experienced more adventures than my hard working, high paid corporate friends. Travel isn’t a high paying profession, but it’s not a bad job.”
“How old were you when you arrived at the Tyler’s home?”
Jack shifted in his chair and began tapping his toe. “Twelve. Are you making a point?”
“What did twelve-year-old Jack want to be when he grew up?” Dr. Strong continued. If he was affected by Jack’s growing annoyance, he didn’t show it.
“Most of my friends wanted to be a space warrior. I wanted to be a firefighter. That was my new dad’s job.  He was the only real hero I’d ever known,” Jack answered. “But I daydreamed a lot about fighting my way through the galaxy.”
“Dreams of adventure with a practical attitude,” Dr. Strong said. He sat back in his chair staring at Jack.
“You’ve condensed my life into one simple sentence,” Jack stated. “I’m not sure I like that.”
“I meant no offense. You seem to have your priorities in order. The realization that life is an upward climb does not appear to cause you any distress. It is enough for me to discern that you will do fine with the barbarian identity.” Dr. Strong rose from his chair and walked around towards Jack. “Tell me, how you met your friends? “
“Todd Hopper lived next door. We were inseparable from the time I arrived at the Tyler’s. His family didn’t hesitate to reach out to me despite my past. Todd has a large family, mostly brothers, and his parents understood my foster parents were older and not very active. They let me hang out with them, and included me in all of their family outings. I was part of their family. The Tylers loved me and cared for me; the Hoppers taught me what a real family was.” Jack paused for a moment then continued.  “As for Sarah, she met Hopper in college several years ago. They were best of friends forever then recently started dating. She is a brilliant, sweet kid. She appears shy at first, but once you get to know her, she is quite a charmer. Sarah is perfect for Hopper. As for Nicole, she is my best friend Tom’s girl. Tom grew up on the other side of town, where the kids all had a brand new car at age 16 and went to Europe or Hawaii on spring break. He’s a corporate attorney headed for politics. Nicole is as full of ambition as Tom. He thinks they make the perfect political couple. I am not sure Nicole will do well in politics. Although it’s very likely that one day Tom will run for President, so if she sticks with him she could be the first lady one day.”  
“Thank you, I will leave you to your studies, Mr. Tyler. If you want to enjoy your adventure, it is essential you comprehend the material Shala has given you. Good night Mr. Tyler.”
Jack rose and shook the doctor’s hand. He was pleased the interview was ending. “I’ve got to admit, you’ve peaked my interest. This place is full of character. That Olympic stadium you’ve got in the next room shows a lot of promise.”
“It’s all part of the adventure. I am merely setting the mood. It will make the transition much easier for all of you.” Dr. Strong’s eyes grew dark as he glanced past Jack toward the office door. The stocky little man stood silently waiting as Dr. Strong concluded the session.  “Homun will show you to your to room. I’m afraid Shala has a few tasks she must complete before tomorrow.”


Chapter Two

Todd’s laughter echoed down the hall as Jack darted past Nicole. Jack glanced at Nicole and said to the others, “I hope everyone is taking this adventure seriously. There is an evil presence among us who will thwart our every attempt to be successful, if we don’t tow the line. Beware of the evil sorceress Nicole!”
Nicole shoved Jack hard and said, “At least I’m dressed for the occasion. You look like you’re ready for gym practice in those faded, smelly jogging shorts.”
“So I’m supposed to be dressed like you in a ballerina outfit?” Jack rolled his eyes.
“Hey!” Todd interjected, “Sarah has on a leotard and tights, and I think she’s smokin’!”
Sarah’s face beamed at the remark, and she threw Nicole a triumphant grin. This time Nicole rolled her eyes and said, “I wonder why Sarah isn’t returning the compliment on your baggy sweat suit Grandpa Todd?” 
Sarah’s smile vanished, and her eyes narrowed. She ignored Jack’s peal of laughter and said, “Not even a baggy sweat suit can hide all of Todd’s huge muscles.”
The conversation abruptly stopped as they walked through the open doors to the ballroom. A rock climbing wall stood in the center of the room surrounded by a spherical jungle gym, a mountain of thick gym mats and various weight lifting equipment.

Dr. Strong stood beside the tall pile of mats and motioned them near saying, “One of my previous clients compared this room to an obstacle course, and that is indeed what it will become. While you are under hypnosis, the wall of netting might become a series of vines or perhaps the side of a rock cliff. The weight machine will serve as a stimulus if you are required to lift or push a heavy object.  
That stair climber will act like a tree, the fortress wall or perhaps a rock incline you must scale. Each of these sections will enhance your experience by providing stimulus, as well as an exercise for your muscles. You will not be lying around for the next two days dreaming. You will work hard and come away from this adventure physically and emotionally energized.”
Dr. Strong walked in front of their small group as Shala, dressed in a tight red jumpsuit, and silently demonstrated the use of each piece of equipment without breaking into a sweat.
“There are six sections; each area has a specific purpose.” The doctor ushered them to a small area enclosed by tall oriental screens. “This is where our session will begin. 
"Dr. Strong, Sarah has a few questions about the inducement,” Todd said.
The doctor turned to find Sarah’s large blue eyes peering at him from behind Todd’s immense form.  
“Of course my dear, I’ll be happy to answer any questions you have. Trust is essential between the hypnotist and his subjects. But if you could indulge me a while longer, I believe you will find all your questions answered.” He smiled at Sarah as if she was a small child, then turned toward Shala and nodded as he continued.  
“The session will begin shortly. First, I would ask you all to choose a cot and lay down.  Shala, an accomplished flutist, will play a soft Celtic lullaby to relax you. The lights will dim, and a pastel light presentation will begin. While this is in progress, you will hear my voice softly and slowly drawing you into a deep hypnotic sleep.”
“Dr. Strong, I’m sorry to interrupt again, but Sarah’s been researching hypnosis, trying to get a better understanding of what we are about to experience.” Todd nodded at Sarah encouraging her questions.
Sarah sat on the edge of her small cot and said, “It is my understanding that each subject falls under hypnosis at a different pace, ranging from seconds to minutes.”  
“So,” Jack interjected. “Nicole and I could fall asleep right away, but you or Hopper could take half an hour to fall under the good doctor’s spell?” Jack turned his gaze from Sarah to Dr. Strong, pleased that someone in their group seemed to have a concept of what they were doing.
 “Normally that would be a correct assumption. Fortunately, I have developed a mild sedative so you can all to relax and enjoy a quick entry into hypnosis.” Dr. Strong gestured toward the entrance of the sleeping area where Homun stood quietly holding a tray of what appeared to be chocolate milkshakes. “Homun has mixed the sedative with a high protein vitamin supplement.  It is quite delicious.” Dr. Strong motioned for Homun to come forward. “As a fellow member of the medical community Miss Sims, I assure you it is very mild and will wear off in less than 15 minutes.” The silent little man offered each of the adventurers a glass of the chocolate mixture. Nicole forced herself to swallow the thick liquid. The sweetness of the drink was overwhelming. She made a mental note to recommend an alternative formula when their adventure was over.  
“Remember this is a fantasy, nothing you experience will be real. However, you will take on the skills and knowledge of the character you are about to portray to further enjoy the illusion. But know this,” Dr. Strong’s brow furrowed as he continued, “although it is a game if you allow your character to be killed, your participation in the adventure will end.” Homun collected the last of the glasses.
“So we only get one chance?” Jack balked, “Isn’t that kind of harsh?”
Dr. Strong smiled, “It adds to the adventure. After all, in reality, you only have one life. There are no second chances. This knowledge will encourage you to choose wisely, instead of recklessly. You will resist the temptation to rush blindly into a situation you may not fully understand.  Caution is critical. You must study your environment carefully. Take this adventure seriously, and it will exceed your expectations.”
Sarah pulled the thick blanket up to her chin and asked, “If we feel uncomfortable with the experience, you will stop the proceedings?” 
The doctor waved it away saying, “If there is a serious problem, I will bring the person affected out of the trance. However, this is an adventure. You must prepare yourself for excitement and danger. There will be battles, creatures lurking in the night, and cunning enemies who will try to befriend you, attempting to dissuade you from your chosen path. Just remember, you are prepared. Stick together, and you will not fail. Each of you carries a particular ability that will see the others through to your goal. If one of you surrenders and leaves the game, the others will most likely fail.”
“What is our goal?” Nicole asked, kicking off her shoes and lying down.
“There is a beautiful elf queen imprisoned in the Cave of Sorrows. An evil elfin wizard cast a spell upon her and entombed her inside the crystalline walls of the cavern, deep in the bowels of the mountains. This wizard has an army of elves who will be searching for you.  They are ruthless and cunning. It is entirely possible you will find them guarding the entrance to the cavern.” Dr. Strong’s voice shook with excitement as the Hall grew dark.  “There is an ancient castle deep in the Valley of Tears, in the heart of the mountains.  There you will find an amulet that will enable you to release the Queen. The talisman sprang to life with the aid of the ancient power of the mountains. Only a being who possesses the same type of magic can wield it. Once Sarah brings the talisman to life, it will shatter the Queen’s imprisonment. Nicole, you must strengthen the Queen with a healing spell. Jack and Hopper must protect you and Sarah from the evil elves as you will be vulnerable while working your magic. Find the village near the glen when you arrive. A small boy waits there, in the stables. He will send you on your way. It is crucial that you complete your quest. You cannot return until you do, so do not fail.”
“How will we know which way to go?” Hopper asked, wiggling his dangling feet over the edge of the cot.
“You will lead them, Todd, using your Elf senses. They will warn you of danger. The boy will supply you with a map, coins, and weapons.” Dr. Strong answered. “A word of caution; don’t be fooled by the lies of your enemies. Stay true to your quest, and you will triumph.  Remember in the land of fantasy, things are never what they seem.”
Shala began to play a series of soft rolling tones on an ancient looking flute. The darkness filled with swirls of pastel shades. The adventurers could hear the doctor’s voice softly in the background telling them to close their eyes and relax. Steadily, continuously, he pulled the tension of everyday life from their muscles. The music softened and grew faint.  Dr. Strong’s words became jumbled and unclear. They felt themselves rising above their beds. The weightlessness was exhilarating. Jack extended his hands as if he was flying through the cold darkness.
The air around them grew thick and humid.  
A sudden sensation of descent frightened Nicole. She tried to open her eyes but couldn’t.  Without warning, a storm of freezing winds and icy rain assaulted them. Todd heard Sarah scream and attempted to reach for her, but the torrent froze his limbs to his side. He tried to cry out to her but was stopped by wave after wave of incredible pain. He felt his body twisting and stretching. Then there was only darkness.

The warmth of the sun on his face woke Hopper. He jumped up from the grassy knoll where he lay and scanned the tall grass for Sarah. The trees encompassing the hillock stood tall as a protective barrier around them. Silvery green leaves sparkled delicately as the wind caressed them in the bright sunlight. Everywhere he looked, clumps of emerald green brush speckled with tiny pink and purple flowers surrounded him. Spinning to take in the opposite side of the glen, Hopper saw the still form of a woman lying in the grass several meters behind him. Moving toward her, Hopper staggered in the tall grass and fell awkwardly. As he stretched his hands out to catch his fall, massive, hairy hands with long black claws appeared before him. Hopper glanced down and found an equally enormous pair of hairy legs ending in a huge pair of feet, hidden inside dark, fur covered boots.
“What happened?” Hopper gasped at the sound of his booming voice. It echoed through the clearing, unnaturally deep in tone. Reaching for his face, Hopper found his head had grown to five times its natural size. An enormous protruding nose hovered above a large, wide mouth filled with long jagged teeth.
“Hopper?” Jack’s amused voice came from behind him. “I thought elves were little short guys in green tights.”
“Jack?” Hopper’s deep voice bellowed as he swung around to face him.
Nicole sat up in the grass a short distance behind Jack. The pair both wore leather body armor, consisting of short, thick, leather-like vests covered in dark metal links. Jack’s was dark brown, Nicole’s dark forest green.  Jack wore a long pair of tight dark brown trousers and Nicole, a nearly nonexistent dark green skirt. Physically, Jack appeared much the same as before except his hair was considerably longer and his muscles more pronounced.
Jack stared up as Hopper approached, shaking his head in disbelief. “Don’t tell me, you’ve had a fetish about monsters all your life, and it’s chosen now to surface? You must be at least 8 feet tall.”
“Where’s Sarah?” Hopper growled.
“And you’ve got Satan’s voice,” Jack teased. “Turn around. Dr. Strong goofed again. She doesn’t look like a fairy to me.  “
Turning back to the still form in the grass, Hopper gawked in amazement as Sarah rose from the grass. Long curling, crimson locks had replaced her short golden hair. The startled blue eyes that met his were indeed Sarah’s, but the tall, athletic form cloaked in a shimmering sapphire robe was not.
“Sarah?” he asked.
“Todd?  What happened to you?” She rushed toward him.
“The same thing that happened to you!” He stumbled back from her, feeling clumsy and awkward for the first time in his life.
“Me?” Sarah stammered, not able pry her eyes away from the hulking monster before her. 
“Something must have gone wrong.” Nicole’s soft, sultry voice floated across the glen toward them. “Sarah, you’ve got my robes on.”
They turned as one and froze in amazement at the pair of glowing emerald eyes staring back at them. Nicole practically floated across the grass toward them. Her short brown hair was now long shimmering tresses of such dark black; the sun reflected a satiny blue hue. Her tall, slender form had transformed into a petite hourglass figure nearly completely hidden by the thick layers of hair reaching past her knees.
“Hopper, you look terrible.” Nicole’s grin was so sincere and carefree it caused Jack to step back a pace. He wondered what happened to the Ice Lady.
“I think he’s an ogre,” Sarah managed, turning her attention back to Todd.
“He’s a troll,” Nicole countered in her new soft voice. “Ogre’s don’t have claws that can slice a man in half.”
“How do you know that?” Sarah asked.
“I have no idea.” Nicole shrugged her shoulders and smiled in delight. “I guess it comes with the territory. Hopper’s a troll, you’re a wizard, and Jack’s a barbarian.”
“And you’re an elf,” Jack said. “A scantily dressed one at that,” he added stepping forward and gently tugging on a lock of Nicole’s hair. “I’m the only one that turned out right.”
The group stood and stared at each other for several seconds before Nicole started to giggle and said, “I always suspected becoming a Hockey star was going to give you a big head Hopper.”
“And what did you have to do to get that shirt stuffed so full?” Hopper countered, motioning to Jack, who leaned forward and deftly undid the top button of her skimpy vest.  Nicole’s hand flew to her chest as the lessened support nearly exploded the tiny vest. Instead of redoing the button, she merely smiled and shifted the vest into a more comfortable and revealing position, one that almost caused Jack to lose his footing.
“Caution, Barbarian,” Nicole taunted. “You don’t want to give in to those urges just yet. Unless you are interested in discovering just how much stamina, you truly possess. Or is that what you sacrificed to become so robust?”
“Not one woman has ever complained about my stamina.” Jack met her challenge with surprising gusto.  “I’d be happy to demonstrate if you’d care to...” Sarah interrupted Jack with a quick slap on the back of the head.
“Let’s not start anything we can’t finish.” She shook her head at them as if they were a pair of quarreling siblings.
“Who said sex wasn’t allowed?” Jack bellowed. He lunged for Nicole, who let out a squeal of laughter as they hit the ground. Hopper and Sarah quickly joined them as the giant troll tackled his girlfriend, wrapping his massive body around her and rolling in the grass. Soon the adventurers were laughing and pointing out each other’s most ridiculous feature. Then each, in turn, stretched out on the tall grass, gasping for air. 
Each, except Nicole; Nicole could not stop laughing. Slowly her laughter increased, escalating into hysterical howls, then screams of laughter. She gasped for air, as tears streamed down her face. Jack stared frozen by shock when her laughter turned into sobs of anguish then screams of horror.
“What’s going on?” Hopper’s booming voice called out as they backed away from her wild thrashing. Nicole’s still glowing green eyes grew wild with fear.
“I think she’s having a seizure,” Jack said. Cautiously he reached out to her.  “Nicole, it’s all right. As soon as Strong realizes he messed up and put us into the wrong characters, he’ll set it straight.”
Shoving him away, Nicole ran down the grassy slope to the center of the glen screaming with rage. She could not stop; it was as if Nicole was watching herself from afar, unable to react, unable to control what was happening. It was as if all the rage and frustration Nicole had felt all her life was rushing to the surface and flowing out of her. She fell on the grass, kicking and screeching in horror, feeling as if every fiber of her intellect was fighting desperately to survive.
“How do we stop this?” Hopper asked running after Jack and Sarah as they rushed to Nicole’s side.
“I don’t know!  I’ve never seen her like this,” Jack shouted over Nicole’s screams, looking to Sarah for advice.
“Dr. Strong!” Sarah screamed toward the sky. “Stop the session!”
There was no reply, no change in their surroundings, only the sound of Nicole’s terror.  Jack knelt in the grass beside Nicole and grabbed her firmly by the shoulders.  “Nicole, stop it!  You’re going to hurt yourself!”  
Nicole shoved him from her, rose, and screamed in horror as the emerald glow from her eyes spread outward and enveloped her completely. All at once, she stopped struggling. She turned to stare at Jack for one brief moment before collapsing, unconscious onto the grass.
“I think she’s had a nervous breakdown,” Hopper muttered as the three of them stood staring down at their petite elf warrior.
“Why didn’t Dr. Strong bring her out of it?” Sarah asked kneeling to check Nicole’s vitals.  “He said he would bring us back if anything went wrong. She’s still breathing, but her heart is racing.”
“Maybe this is an expected reaction,” Jack offered. “Some people react poorly to drugs.  Maybe the sedative didn’t sit right and gave her a bad trip.”
“Or maybe she just reacts badly to hypnotism, and Dr. Strong had to let her ride out the storm,” Hopper added.
“That’s absurd, Dr. Strong’s a professional. He said it was mild, and none of us is hallucinating.”
“We’re only trying to help,” Hopper said. He reached out to touch Sarah’s hand, but quickly pulled back remembering his sharp claws.
“I’m sorry; I guess we’re all a little upset.” Sarah smiled up at them as she grasped Hopper’s clawed hand and squeezed it gently.
“Okay then, let’s get her out of the sun,” Jack said. He scooped up Nicole with surprising ease and carried her into the shadows at the edge of the clearing. Lowering her gently onto the flower-speckled grass, he then turned to Hopper, “See if you can find a village or cottage nearby. She could use some water or whiskey. I’m not sure which.”
Hopper gave him thumbs up and trotted off into the woods. Nicole stirred and opened her eyes just as he disappeared into the trees. The dark glow had vanished leaving her with eyes the same deep emerald color of the grass and brush surrounding them.
“Nicole?” Jack whispered leaning forward.
“What happened?” Nicole sat up and rubbed at the ache in her temples.
      “You were hysterical,” Jack said, “Then you passed out. Are you all right?”
“A little tired, but otherwise I’m good.” Nicole felt as if the weight of the world had somehow lifted itself from her shoulders. Her carefree smile returned as she gazed at their concerned faces. “Where’s Hoppy Monster?” she asked.
“Todd went to find you something to drink.” Sarah frowned at Nicole, “Are you sure you’re all right? You are acting strangely. Do you feel lightheaded, dizzy, or confused?’’
“I'm all right, Sarah. Wow! Look at you! You are gorgeous. Dr. Strong must have taken a shine to you. He turned you into a scarlet-haired temptress.” Nicole winked at the bewildered Sarah then rose onto her knees and reached out to squeeze Jack’s muscular upper arm. “The barbarian motif suits you, but the name Jack doesn’t fit anymore.”
“I’m keeping it,” he said, relieved she was all right. “Aren’t you the least bit angry about being turned into a pointy-eared elf instead of a powerful sorceress?” Jack asked, gently brushing her blue-black hair behind an ear.
“Are they pointed?” Nicole asked. Touching her ears, she squealed with delight.  “This is incredible! I can hear the birds wrestling the trees on the far side of the meadow. She looked down at her vest and bursting into giggles. She grabbed her breasts with both hands, “I never dreamed that I’d have such a large set of...” She paused, listening. “Hopper’s coming back.”
Turing, the trio looked up a small rise to find Hopper’s hulking form trotting toward them. “Nicole, you’re awake and smiling.” His deep voice caused Nicole to giggle. Taking his offered hand, she jumped up and hugged him.
“Hey, where’s your club?” she asked, suddenly turning serious.
“My what?”
“Trolls carry clubs, their choice of weapons,” Nicole explained glancing around for a suitable piece of wood.
“Cut it out, Nicole,” Sarah said. “This is all wrong. What’s going on here? What’s the matter with you? Where is the old Nicole, the bitch we’ve all grown to tolerate?” Jack could not help but grin at that remark as Sarah continued. “The old Nicole would have given Jack a black eye for even thinking of diving on top of her and rolling around in the grass. Instead, you laughed yourself into a coma that we’re just supposed to forget about because you smile and say you’re all right!”
“There is nothing wrong with me Sarah” Nicole snapped. 
“All right then, what about Todd? He was supposed to be an elf warrior, and he’s a monster.” Sarah glanced at Todd. Her eyebrows furrowed in a sympathetic frown for a brief moment before continuing. “Nicole, you’re a lawyer. Do something! Threaten to sue Dr. Strong if he does not deliver what he promised. This is not the adventure we paid for. If he cannot control it, I say we call the whole thing off.” Sarah’s hands went to her hips, and her lower lip trembled as the continued. “This is all your fault. We trusted you; you said you checked him out. You said he was entirely capable of delivering the type of adventure he advertised.”
“Maybe he has,” Nicole gasped suddenly enlightened by her new characters cheerful demeanor. “Maybe this is his way of telling us to lighten up. Maybe he went over our profiles last night and decided to make a few changes. After all, Jack’s personality is completely different from Tom’s. Tom is a solemn concentrated individual.  Jack is a light-hearted free spirit. Maybe he just shuffled us around a bit to make it more enjoyable and to teach us a few things about ourselves.”
“Oh, so now you’re telling me this has turned into some self-growth session?”
Nicole locked eyes with her. “Look at you, Sarah. You’re more confident, in complete control, a little defiant and you’ve said more in the last two minutes than I’ve heard you say in the last two years. The silent wallflower has died.”
“And you’ve had a mental collapse,” Sarah retorted. She was not about to admit to the changes Nicole described, even if they were true.
“The only thing wrong with your theory Nicole is that Jack didn’t change.” Hopper stepped in between the women trying to turn the conversation.
Jack took a step toward them, “Look, we’ve only got so much time here. Let’s stop the analysis and make the most of it.” He turned to Hopper, “Hopper, what did you find?”
“There’s a small village through the woods about a mile from here. It’s got a stable and an Inn, not much more.” The other three had to work hard to focus while Hopper talked. He had a vicious set of fangs that were too fascinating to ignore.
“How’d you find it so fast?” Jack asked. Glancing over at Nicole, he discovered her eyes were tracing the outline of his leather vest and pants. He suddenly found himself sucking in his gut and tossing back his shoulders as her eyes felt like they were peeling away his clothing.
“I started jogging. These long legs can cover a mile in record time, and I didn’t even break a sweat. Maybe this troll persona won’t be so bad?” Hopper turned to Sarah, “How about a kiss?” She screamed and darted to out of his reach.
"Okay you two love birds let’s get moving,” Jack said, heading to follow Nicole, who was already heading up the rise.

Chapter Three

Several small-dilapidated cottages lined the narrow dirt road that ran through the center of the tiny village. Each shack consisted of just enough wood and straw to keep the light rain from penetrating the exterior. Across from the little homes stood a building, which served as the local inn. The two-story wooden structure was in severe disrepair although several villagers in similar dress as Jack came and went as they watched.
“Maybe Hopper should stay out of sight,” Jack suggested. “He might draw unwanted attention.”
“What about Nicole?” Sarah was quick to respond. “I don’t see any elves.”
“If we spend all our time arguing about what to do we’ll never get anything done. I’m going inside,” Nicole pulled a string of leather from the fringe that hung at the base of her vest, and tied back her long hair. Without a glance at the others, she strode forward, leaving them all behind.
“Hopper, stay here with Sarah.” Jack jumped over a fallen log and dashed after Nicole.
The remnant of a sign hung above the entrance to the building. The crudely scratched declaration of Inn hinted at the building’s purpose.
“Well, I don’t see any ‘condemned’ notices, so I guess it’s safe to enter.” Jack wondered what kept the Inn from crushing the small stable next door it appeared to be leaning on it for support.  As they neared, Jack realized the stables were actually in worse repair than the Inn itself. Nicole headed straight for the small stables. Moving to the entrance, she stood silently, studying a filthy young boy dressed in rags and mud. The boy, not more than twelve, ignored them and continued to scrape the muck from the hoof of a white mare.
Jack called to the boy as he came up beside Nicole. “Are you in charge here?”
“Yep.” The boy answered without as much as a glance in their direction.  
“We’re here to... We are supposed to...” Jack stumbled, looking for the right words.
“You’ve got something for us, boy,” Nicole said. She extended her hand toward the child and motioned her fingers for him to give whatever it was over to her. “We’re in a hurry, so let’s have it.”
“Have what?” The boy dropped the horse’s leg and straightened up to address Nicole.
“You’ve got our supplies and money boy.  Hand them over and be quick about it,” Nicole answered. Her eyes began sparkling in the dim light of the stables. The boy stood frozen, his eyes wide, mouth agape at the sight of Nicole’s eyes.
“We don’t want any trouble,” Jack added, stepping in front of Nicole. “We just want what we’ve got coming.” Jack cringed at those words. He suddenly envisioned a gang of cutthroats jumping out of the rafters to give it to them. He wasn’t sure what would set things in motion in this pretend world. 
“A tall, ancient man, dropped off some stuff a while back.” The boy glanced at Jack, “If you can tell me what the two looked like that were with him, you can have it.”
“How about a tiny dark-eyed man and a delicious blonde nymph,” Jack said with a wink at Nicole.
The boy’s eyes narrowed centering back on Nicole. “Elves don’t usually work for humans.”
“That’s none of your concern boy.” Nicole could barely control her glee that Jack was successfully managing the uncooperative child. “Now get those supplies.”
“And a map,” Jack added. He moved toward the boy then stopped suddenly when the overwhelming stench of the stables reached him.
“There are horses in the back corral; you should head out there and get what ya need. I’ll get your supplies from the Inn Keeper. Where are the others? They dead already?”
“They’re around,” Jack answered. Taking a deep breath through his mouth, he followed Nicole to the far end of the stables calling after her, “How did you know this was the right place?”
“It’s all part of the game. It can’t be too difficult right at the start, or we would get discouraged. Besides, how are we going to defend ourselves if we don’t have any weapons or get anywhere without horses?”
“Like in a video game. The first thing you do is load up on weapons.” Jack shoved open the stable door and rushed outside to take a deep breath of fresh air. The back corral was a good-sized pasture containing half a dozen horses. The remains of a wooden fence surrounded the small corral. It was just tall and sturdy enough to discourage the horses from bolting.
“Hopper’s going to need a large stallion, and we should find something mild mannered for Sarah,” Jack dictated. He opened the rickety gate, being careful not to spook the horses, and headed into the corral. “Do you know how to ride?”
“Personally no, but my character should,” Nicole answered. “I’m sure it will come to me.”  While Jack stood trying to get used to Nicole’s newly acquired cheerful disposition, she pushed past him and cooed to a dappled gray stallion. The horse gave a whinny and trotted over to her. Nicole took hold of its mane, leaped onto its bare back and galloped off across the field.
“The inherent trait stuff at work again,” Jack said to himself. The same horrible stench from the stables crawled back up his nostrils causing him to hold his gag reflex at bay. Jack turned around to find the boy staring past him at Nicole’s retreating form.
“I got yer stuff.” His eyes locked on the beautiful, exotic elf seated regally on the horse. “You hafta find the falls. There’s a cave under it that’s got what ya need. After that, ya head for the valley on the other side of the mountain.”
“And then?” Jack backed away, searching for breathable air.
“Not for me ta say.” The boy never took his eyes from Nicole. He whispered, looking at Jack out of the corner of his eyes, “She’s a woodland, you know.” Without another word, the boy tossed Jack a small assortment of pouches then darted quickly inside the stables.  Glancing briefly at Nicole, who was galloping across the pasture, Jack turned and followed.
“Wait!” He reluctantly entered the stables after the boy, “Is this it?”
“Yeah.”  
“Where are our weapons?”
“Inn Keeper’s got ‘em. Says ya got to pay.”
“I see.” Jack frowned, and opened one of the larger pouches. He dumped the contents into his hand and found a small pile of gold coins. Four of the bags contained over a dozen coins each, all gold. The remaining pouch held a small animal pelt with a map scrawled on the soft skin. Holding out half a dozen coins to the boy, he asked, “Will this be enough?”
“Half a bag’s too much, but he’s gonna want more,” The boy stopped working and studied him. “Why ya askin’ me? Ain’t you bought weapons afore?”
“I make my own.” Jack stood tall, holding his head held high and tried to look convincing. “Tell the elf I’ve gone to the Inn. And see if you can get her to saddle the horses.”
“Those Woodlands is wild.” The boy looked at him shaking his head.
“Just tell her I’m at the Inn,” Jack growled, heading for the front entrance. 

The interior of the Inn reminded Jack of Dr. Strong’s Clinic, dark, stuffy and something just did not smell right. Walking through the main room, Jack saw a scattering of tables made from long wooden planks propped up on what appeared to be tree stumps with smaller versions serving as benches. The tables still held the remains of the previous night.  Dirty mugs, dishes and a couple of patrons snoring among the clutter. 
“Now this is my kind of place, earthy atmosphere and the smell of stale beer.” Jack headed for the bar. He threw his shoulders back and puffed out his chest in what he thought to be true barbarian style. He was ready for action. “Innkeeper, you have my weapons.” He announced in a dark, snarling whisper.
“Ya ain’t gettin’ ‘em ‘till ya pay.” The barkeep placed both hands on the rotting gray wood of his makeshift bar and scowled at Jack. The man was incredibly filthy; his stench surpassed the stable boy’s tenfold. His clothes contained stains on top of stains, giving it an unnatural dark shade of brown. Jack stopped a few paces short of the bar not wanting to bathe in the stench again. He took several gold coins from one of the bags and tossed them on the counter. “That should cover it,” he tried to match the innkeeper's scowl to stay in character.
“Not unless you’re throwin’ in that sword, it don’t.” The old man leaned forward.
“If I could get a look at the goods," Jack offered. “I might be able to sweeten the deal.”
“In the storage closet.” The man smiled, revealing a mouthful of black rotted teeth. He motioned toward the door at the far end of the bar.
Jack fought back the urge to cringe. A small door was located deeper in the heart of the tavern. The uncertainty of what might be waiting behind the door gripped his stomach like steel claws.


A large gray hawk flew circles high over Nicole’s head. She glanced at it for only a moment, and then turned to gallop to the southern end of the corral, pushing the speckled stallion to his top speed. As they neared the highest stretch of the fence, Nicole leaned forward and whispered to the gentle, but sturdy steed. “Over the wall to freedom, my friend and l will take you on a great adventure.”
The stallion shook its silky mane in response. Surging forward, it cleared the fence.  Straining with the effort, yet landing silently on the grass in the meadow beyond. Nicole’s shout of praise met the ears of a large, black stallion who immediately issued a loud and challenging neigh in response. Her horse snorted in panic, repeatedly blowing as he backed away from the beast’s challenge. The young stallion’s fear shot through Nicole like a jolt of electricity. She gasped and fought to control him. The horse reared trying to free break its master’s grip. The small stallion shot forward and raced back toward the fence.  Unprepared for the sudden movement, Nicole fell onto the grass. Rolling with the impact, she arose quickly and effortlessly as the pounding hooves approached her.  
Nicole spun to face the advancing stallion. She thrust out her arms and called to the beast without thinking, “Hold!  We mean no challenge!” Ignoring the voice of panic inside of her, she moved forward trying to place herself between the stallion and its prey. The black beast slowed slightly, then changed direction and headed for Nicole.
Stunned by the beauty of the animal, Nicole’s fear vanished. She could only stare in awe. The stallion came to a sudden halt inches before her. It pawed and stomped on the ground, leaving its hoof prints in the lush grass. Standing before it, Nicole stared into its dark eyes. ‘‘I know someone who is perfect for you,” Nicole whispered reaching out to touch its nose. “You are so much more beautiful than he, more beautiful than any horse I have ever seen.” The stallion allowed her touch and calmed to her soothing voice. “You are magnificent,” she continued moving closer to stroke the horse’s throat.  “This is not the life for you, shut away from the rest of the world. You should be free to wander like the wind.” Surprised at her words, Nicole added, “That shall be your name, Wind.”
“He ain’t part of the deal and he ain’t for sale,” a small voice said behind her. Nicole turned to find the stable boy opening a gate in the fence.  She smiled as the speckled gray pushed quickly past him back into the first corral. “I know,” she replied, meeting his gaze.
“How?” The boy’s eyes narrowed as he closed the gate, defensively placing it between them.
“No one can own the Wind,” Nicole stated simply. “Look around.” The fence that enclosed the large meadow was much taller than the first but just as old and in disrepair.  The tree line ran across the length of the corral opposite the stables. “He has allowed you to feed and care for him while he waited for us.”
“That so?” the boy replied. He tapped his hand on the splintered gate and shook his head slowly making it clear he was suspicious of Nicole’s words.
“Do you honestly think this patch of run-down fence can hold him?” Nicole asked, casually stroking the horse’s mane.
“It has so far,” the boy answered defiantly.
“Has it?” Nicole released the stallion. Without a word, the black beast turned and headed for the kid. Clutching the fence in alarm, he gasped as the horse crossed the short distance and leaped over his head with ease.
“That’s not fair!” he shouted at Nicole, “You told ‘em to do that.”
“He’s been doing it all along.” Nicole laughed, “That chubby mare over there is going to give you a beautiful black foal.”
“You’re a trouble, maker!” The boy spat, ducking quickly as the stallion jumped back over the tall fence to stand beside Nicole. “That stallion ain’t let a soul near ‘em in the last three months! You bewitched ‘em! All you woodlands are reckless with your magic just like the fairies and nymphs! “
“Woodlands?” Nicole asked, wondering if there were different types of elves.
“Oh, I know who ya are. You are one of them all right. Woodland Elf, sister to the forest nymphs. Yer one with the animals, they flock to ya and do yer every biddin’. You’re not like the true elves, with your magic spells and all. So, don’t try any of your magic on me! It ain’t gonna work; I ain’t no one’s slave!” he screamed and ran back to the stables stumbling the entire way in his terrified haste to escape.


Moving around the end of the bar, Jack opened the only thing in the tavern that appeared intact, the tall wooden door of the storage closet. The small room held several racks filled with an assortment of weapons and climbing equipment. The dim light from the main room danced across the shining surface of an intricately carved, double-edged long sword. Just as Jack reached for it, a shout came from behind. 
He spun around to see three elf warriors running toward him. Each wore the same dark green body armor as they did, except for the multiple weapons dangling from their belts. They raised their swords high above their golden heads as they rushed toward him. Snatching the long sword, Jack freed it from its sheath and met the blows of the attacking soldiers without hesitation, his spirits soaring. Now it was his turn for the inherent traits to surface.
Nicole had no weapon and would be in danger if he tried to escape to the stables, so Jack stood his ground. After all, he was a barbarian, born to battle. Surprised at the speed and strength of his movements, Jack took control of the attack. He dodged the blows of his adversaries who were no smaller than the average hockey player on Hopper’s team. Jack lunged at the closest warrior, driving his sword deep into the young elf’s belly. The look of shock and intense pain came over the warrior’s innocent face. Blood poured from his mouth as he sank to the floor. The realism of his reaction took Jack by surprise. He’d expected to kill the enemy, but not to smell their sweat or see the anguish of death in their eyes. He staggered back shaken to his core. The distraction nearly cost him an arm as the two remaining elves yelled in rage, striking fast and hard.
Unnerved, Jack lost his taste for blood, and the battle turned into a defensive struggle.  Jack attempted to force the fierce warriors back toward the entrance hoping to escape past them. A high-pitched war cry pierced the air. Nicole came crashing through a small boarded up window near the back of the tavern. Her petite form rolled as she hit the floor. Jumping to her feet, she rushed to Jack’s defense armed only with the stable boy’s pocket knife. The two remaining warriors separated. The one farthest from Jack met Nicole’s incredible onslaught. Distracted by the unbelievable entrance Nicole had just made, Jack stood gawking as she joined the battle. He was unaware of the warrior’s raised sword before him.
“Jack!” Nicole screamed while dodging the second warrior’s savage assault.
Without thinking, Jack swung his sword forward and sliced open the elf’s midsection as he ducked and rolled past the elf’s advance. Anger and sorrow filled the older elf’s face. He fell to the floor clutching at the pulsing flow of blood. 
“That is so disgusting!” Jack muttered. Turning, he found Nicole standing above the body of the third warrior. Her chest heaved as her triumphant laughter filled the tavern. Before Jack could berate her for joining the battle in progress armed only with a knife, Hopper stormed through the tavern door waving a massive tree limb over his head and shouting to his friends. 
“It’s over Hopper,” Jack announced, soberly. Turning to the Inn Keeper, he growled, “You set us up!”
“No!” he gasped, scrambling away as Hopper moved toward him. “I swear it!  Take yer weapons and escape while there’s still time!” The frightened old man threw the gold coins Jack had tossed on the counter back at them, ducked under the bar, and bolted for the door.
“Oh man!  You killed these guys?” Hopper asked. He looked around the room and was astonished at the sight of the bloody corpses lying around them.
“It was them or us” Jack replied.
“We kicked ass!” Nicole jumped over the slain warrior and searched through the closet for her weapon.
“Hopper, it was so realistic,” Jack managed, tearing his eyes away from the still form of the elf he had just slaughtered. “I thought we were going to be searching for talismans, not killing people.” Looking at his sword, Jack recalled the sensation of the blade as it tore so easily through the warrior’s body. The metallic smell of all of the blood caused hot bile to rise in his throat. He felt more like an amateur serial killer than someone on vacation.
Nicole called to them from the closet, “Let’s get our supplies and be on our way. You heard him; there could be more coming.” She returned with a small silver short sword and said, “This will do nicely, much better than that toy knife the boy gave me.”
“You didn’t kill him did you?” Jack asked.
“Uh, no. The boy was helping us, remember? Besides, he’s no threat. I can see the terror in his eyes when he looks at me.”  Nicole stared at him as if he had lost his mind and added, “Snap out of it Jack.”
Hopper reached in, hoisted the climbing gear onto his back, grabbed a bundle of bedrolls, and moved toward the door, “I’m heading back to check on Sarah, you get the rest.”
“Nice club,” Nicole called after him, laughing as she turned to snatch a large leather satchel from the closet. “The room behind the bar is probably the kitchen. I’ll check for food. You grab anything else that looks interesting.”
“Niki,” Jack called after her quietly as he moved back to the closet and grabbed a set of long knives and a couple of empty water skins. “How’d you learn to fight like that?”
“Same way you did,” she answered nonchalantly. “Instinct.”
“But you didn’t know you could do that when you busted in.”
“I’m the elf warrior, remember? You can’t deny the fact, you needed help. What was I going to do?  Stand outside shivering like a frightened little mouse?” she called from the kitchen. 
“Didn’t it bother you when you killed that elf?” Jack moved to the doorway of a small pantry. He watched as Nicole stuffed skins of wine, fruit, chunks of bread, cheese, and dried meat into the satchel.
“Why should it?” Nicole winked as she stuffed the last of the food in the satchel and headed for the door. “It wasn’t real, Jack.”



Hopper hit the grass with a grunt of frustration, “I now understand why they make dog food out of horse meat!”
“Nonsense Hopper, he’s just testing you. Give it one more try. This time, hold on with those long legs of yours; take control, don’t let him push you around,” Nicole offered, smiling brightly at him from atop of the dappled gray stallion.
“Maybe I should test my club on its stubborn skull,” Hopper muttered. He approached the large black stallion with a dark growl.
“That’s the spirit,” Jack called to him as he mounted a young tan mare and stuffed his long sword into the narrow sheath attached to the saddle. “Give him one of your famous uppercuts, Hopper. Let’s see how he likes it.”
“He’ll do no such thing!” Sarah called out. She had her own struggles trying to mount a small white mare. “You can do it, Todd, grab hold of the reins before you mount him.”
“Maybe Sarah could zap him with a spell or something,” Jack teased. 
“Now that’s an idea.” Hopper turned to smile at the tall beauty as he grabbed hold of Wind’s black mane.
“With my luck, I’d turn him into a buffalo,” Sarah laughed.
“Now that’s the best idea yet,” Jack added, bracing himself as Hopper climbed on top of the stallion again. “If he can’t stay on this time, I say we have buffalo steaks for supper.”
“You could make an instant enemy with a comment like that,” Nicole said, her smile vanishing.
“Pardon me, Wind, you old blowhard!” Jack rolled his eyes. “I believe my partner’s forgotten about that black mink coat she insisted Tom buy her last year for Christmas.  Suddenly she’s become quite the animal activist, and now apparently a vegetarian to boot.”
“That’s it, Hopper, now use the reins to guide him,” Nicole said concentrating on Todd and ignoring Jack.
Hopper’s massive legs hung just far enough below Wind’s belly to allow him to latch his feet together. With this accomplished, there was no dislodging him. The stallion quickly ceased its resistance and let the troll to steer him back toward the others.
“Does he have the same effect on you in that position, Sarah?” Nicole’s comment made Sarah blush more deeply than her crimson locks.
“Which way wizard?” Jack quickly interceded before Hopper had a chance to respond.
Nicole’s teasing had brought Sarah’s quiet demeanor back, and her voice mirrored it. “The map shows the mountains running along the southern border of the village,” Sarah answered. “There’s a creek that dumps into the river near the base of the mountains.  That’s where our first goal is.” Sarah urged her horse closer to Hopper and added, “Nicole, fix the front of your vest before something pops out and shocks us all.”
The elf’s laughter filled the small patch of woods. Nicole ignored Sarah’s comment and instead turned her horse toward the south and led the way.
“Who’s riding shotgun?” Hopper called after the others as they fell in line behind Nicole.
“Looks like you have that honor,” Nicole called back to him, her sultry voice echoing through the trees.
“Good idea, Hopper,” Jack added. “That Inn Keeper turned to jelly at the sight of you. It’s probably best that you stay hidden.”
“Okay, I’ll hang back a bit. But if things get hairy, I’m coming in.” Hopper glanced at Sarah’s disappearing form. “Keep an eye on her Jack. I don’t want her to get hurt and miss out on this adventure.”
“Don’t worry, Todd nothing’s going to happen,” Sarah called back to them.

A pair of dark Sapphire eyes stared silently from the brush beside Sarah. The tall, lithe figure moved swiftly back into the shadows of the forest to disappear unnoticed by the adventurers.

Chapter Four

The small group of cheerful explorers traveled several miles through the forest before coming to a narrow road. The beaten dirt path led them toward the lush green mountains.  Nicole began to sing a soft, haunting melody in a strangely compelling language no one understood. Shortly afterward, the animals started to appear. The others noticed the small creatures of the forest pausing a short distance from the narrow trail, watching them as they passed. As the group pushed deeper into the wilderness, the animals grew bolder, approaching the path yet staying just out of reach. Nicole began to halt their procession as a deer, or small ground creature appeared to greet them. Cooing softly, she would bring it near. Dismounting, Nicole knelt and reached out to the gathering of animals. Nearly all responded, coming to her side to be caressed and fussed over.
“Nicole, I’m thrilled you’re making new friends.” Jack groaned when she stopped for yet another animal embrace, “But I think I can speak for the others when I say cut it out! You’re driving me crazy!’’
“I’m sorry if my conversations with these simple beasts annoy you, Barbarian. However,  they’re guiding us toward our destination,” Nicole answered softly then casually leaped back onto her horse allowing the small red fox to run back into the brush.
“They’ve been talking to you?” Hopper’s deep voice carried through the trees.  
“Is there any possible way to get directions without dismounting?” Jack countered.
“That would be rude,” Nicole replied and sent her horse into a gallop down the path.
Sarah suppressed a grin as they followed the impish elf deeper into the forest. The trees grew to immense proportions, and the thicket became denser, filling the forest with dark shadows. Hopper moved forward, wanting to be closer to Sarah under the darkness of the giant trees.
“It smells like rain, we should keep our eyes open for a safe place to wait out a downpour,” Hopper announced, searching the dense canopy of overhead for any sign of the sky.
“Let’s keep going,” Jack countered. “The sky was clear the last time I caught a glimpse of it.  Besides you can’t smell rain until after it falls, Hopper.”
“I’m telling you, I smell rain.” Hopper glared at Jack’s broad-shouldered back.
“It’s not rain,” Nicole called back to them. “We’ve reached the river.”
Glancing ahead, Jack could see a break in the trees showing only a clear blue sky. “Are you sure?” 
“We’re on a bluff.” Nicole moved her horse aside, allowing Jack a view of the tall cliff that overlooked a wide river winding through the forest. “I’m afraid the trail’s washed away,” she added motioning to the side of the incline. A hint of what was once a sloping path dropped off into a mess of dirt and rock near the center of the descent.
“It’s steep, but I think we can make it.” Jack urged his horse closer to the edge. “I’ll go first. When I’m down, follow me one at a time,” he called over his shoulder and headed down the slope toward the sandy base near the edge of the river. The trail pitched severely at the far edge of the bluff.  Jack urged his horse over the edge, and the mare began a controlled slide down to the base. The loose dirt was soft and unstable. Reaching the base, he called up to Nicole, “Stay away from the inside edge. The cliff is giving way.”
Without hesitation, Nicole urged her stallion forward and down the slope. Sarah and Hopper followed without incident. Moving upstream along the ragged edge of the river the small group rode in silence. Their eyes searched the distance in anticipation of what or who might challenge them next. Nicole was the first to hear the roar of the massive waterfall where several creeks fed into the river. The adventurers moved into the trees and approached from the cover of the forest. They cleared the trees and stood in awe at the beauty of the scene.
Three separate streams poured into a pool at the top of the falls. The water cascaded over a vast, glittering white rock bank. It was framed by layers of dense fern-like ivy filled with large blossoms of sweetly scented purple and burgundy flowers. The waterfall was not part of the main channel of the river. It fed into another smaller channel that emptied into the river at a sharp angle. The massive boulders surrounding the edge and the base of the falls created a large dark pool of foaming water that bubbled over into the mainstream. The falls were not of massive height, but the rocky cliff varied such that the swiftly moving water caused a deafening roar as it pounded into the surface of the many tiers of staggered boulders.
“This is incredible!” Hopper bellowed, barely audible over the roar of the falls. “It looks too good to be real.” He gleefully jumped off his horse to examine the structure more carefully.
Nicole slid off her stallion and headed toward the far edge of the boulders near the base of the falls. “It’s solid; I can’t see any opening behind the falls,” she yelled to no one in particular.
Jack appeared next to her, stuffing his sword in his belt. “It must be on the other side.”  He turned and waved Hopper and Sarah near.
“How do we get across?” Hopper frowned, taking in the depth of the bubbling pool. “It looks to be at least 30 feet deep here, and the current is something we don’t want to play with.”
“We could go upstream along this smaller river and see if there’s a shallow area to cross,” Sarah offered.
“All right, you stay here and keep looking. I’ll head upstream.” Jack ordered, heading for his horse.
“Who decided you were in charge?” Nicole challenged, showing part of her old personality for the first time since they arrived. “I don’t think we should separate. What if we’re attacked?”
“I thought you loved to fight,” Jack answered, without looking back.
“I do, and I’m good at it.” Nicole tilted her head back showing a bit too much pride, “But Strong said to stay together.”
“Well then... Are you coming?” Jack mounted and urged his horse toward the river bend.
“Hopper?” Nicole looked at him expectantly.
“We’ll be fine.”
 With that, Nicole whistled for the speckled stallion, leaped onto its back and galloped after Jack. 
He searched the trees for signs of the Elf Warriors as they reached a sharp turn in the river. Just ahead was a broad area where the river slowed. It looked like it would be manageable for crossing.  
Nicole caught up with Jack as he entered the river. She tapped him on the shoulder and motioned toward a small patch of writhing water saying, “Water Moccasins, best to stay clear of them.”
Jack’s eyes narrowed. He realized her suggestion was a bit too late. The current moved more rapidly than he expected. It was carrying the snakes directly at them. “Move!” he shouted. 
Nicole drove her horse into the water ahead of him. Jack urged his mare into the deep water near the center of the stream. The horses slowed, struggling to swim against a strong current. Glancing over his shoulder, Jack drew his sword. They were not going to make it. 
Suddenly, Nicole reined her horse and pushed behind him. “Keep moving,” she ordered, placing herself between Jack and the snakes. She began to sing a slightly different version of the same haunting melody as before.
“I don’t think elves are snake charmers,” Jack said reaching back to grab the reins of her horse. She ignored him and continued to sing. The snakes went limp in the water in the nick of time. They floated silently past. Jack yanked on the speckled stallion’s reins and urged the horses up the embankment without a word.  Turning back to watch the serpents disappear downstream, Jack motioned for her to continue. 
Sarah and Hopper came into view on the other side of the falls as they rounded the bend.  Jack galloped up to the edge of the falls and dismounted to inspect the rocks. Hanging on to the flowering vines that cascaded over the side of the falls, he peered behind the rushing waters. “No cave here,” Jack announced, turning back to find Nicole gazing into the depth of the frothy pool.
“Nothing on this side,” Hopper’s deep troll voice shouted across the water.
Climbing down from the giant white rocks, Jack stared into the bubbling water. The image of the snakes came back to him. Glancing at Nicole’s sober reflection in the water, he spoke as quietly as the roar of the falls would allow, “I guess I owe you an apology.”
“Why?” Nicole glanced up to meet Jack’s gaze.
“That song of yours, it kept me in the game.” He smiled softly, studying the deep green eyes that stared at him. “That’s the third time you’ve come to my rescue.”
Nicole’s eyes danced with mischief. She gazed into the water and added, “Let’s just stick to the activities of today. Anyway, I am sure you will have a chance to repay the last two favors very soon. That is if things pick up. I expected a little more excitement than the simple treasure hunt this has turned out to be.”
“Find the cave, I bet there’s plenty of excitement waiting for us inside,” Jack said, kneeling beside the pool. 
“It’s down there.” Nicole pointed to a shadow at the bottom of the water.
“Awesome.” Jack was invigorated by the prospect of some deep water exploring. He glanced across at Hopper and Sarah. They were also examining the pond, and arguing. Jack and Nicole navigated back across the river. The group unsaddled their horses and spread their saddle blanket on the ground. Sarah emptied the contents of the two leather satchels onto the blankets. Dining on a cold leg of lamb, rye bread, and hard cheese, they discussed the churning waters of the pool.
“It’s too deep. The water is too rough to make it back in one breath, much less take the time to search for whatever’s supposed to be down there,” Sarah explained passing the leather flask of sweet wine to Hopper.  “It’s dangerous enough exploring a cave with diving equipment, let alone one deep breath of air.”
“Maybe it’s not a cave; it could be a nook or crevice in the rock that just looks like a cave.  We have no idea what that dark area is down there.  We could be on the wrong path,” Hopper added, draining the last of the red wine.
“Maybe we’ve got the wrong waterfall,” Sarah suggested. 
“We’ve got the right falls; there isn’t another one on this side of the mountains,” Nicole countered.
“I suppose a little birdie told you that?”  Jack teased, his eyes sparkled with amusement.
“That’s right, big boy.  You want to make something of it?” Nicole bantered back.
“Okay, I’m a certified diver,” Jack said. “Why don’t I swim down there and take a quick look around. Then we can decide what our best option is.”  Jack stuffed the last morsel of lamb in his mouth and licked his fingers clean.
“I’m with Jack,” Nicole declared rising.  “But there’s something we haven’t considered.  There could be... complications.”
The others rose and stared at her, waiting for her to continue.  ‘‘I can safely vouch for the lack of piranha, or were you thinking more along the line of a seven-headed monster?”  Jack said shaking his head as he moved toward the bubbling pool.  “Let’s get on with it.”
“How can you be so sure Nicole isn’t right?”  Sarah followed him.
“Well for one thing, if there were a creature nearby, the horses wouldn’t be so relaxed,” Jack called back to her.  “And if there were a sea serpent, Nicole would have located it and sung it to sleep by now.”
“No one hears a crocodile swimming toward them under the water.”  The calmness of Nicole’s voice stopped Jack in his tracks.
“I’m not a wildebeest, I am an accomplished swimmer.”  Jack turned to look at her and added, “With a knife.”  His expression turned to amusement. He sat on the glistening white stone at the edge of the pond, and removed his dark leather vest.  Nicole’s eyes ran down the length of him admiring his taunt muscles and the prominent six-pack on his abdomen. Dropping his sword on the side of the bank, Jack pulled off his dirt-encrusted boots and dove into the water.
Gathering at the edge, the others watched as he disappeared into the dark waters below.  Jack swam quickly to the bottom in the icy water.  It felt good to be back under the water.  He’d forgotten how much he enjoyed those diving trips with Tom and Hopper.  He felt a great sense of freedom under the cold, the weightlessness, the way the water moved across his skin.  
The entrance to the cave was evident from his vantage point at the center of the pool.  Unfortunately, the force of the pounding current kept Jack at bay.  His lungs strained for air. Jack pushed off the rock bottom and fought to the surface, releasing what little air left in his lungs.  Gasping, he broke the surface of the water. Working to catch his breath, his spirits fell at the realization of the impossibility of their task.
“There is a cave down there,” he panted, climbing out of the water.  “The current is wicked.  The cave sits directly below the falls.  Unless I stay near the bottom, it’ll pull me in and roll me around.  I would be out of the game before I got close enough to see inside.  The force of the water is just too strong.”
“We have to divert the flow.”  Sarah frowned, glancing up at the water tumbling over the cliff. 
“That’s impossible,” Jack sighed, “There’s too much water.”
“We need to slow it down, just enough to allow Jack access to the cave,” Sarah explained, “Something temporary.”
“Then what?”  Hopper looked down into the water shaking his head.  “If whatever it is isn’t right inside the entrance, whoever went in would drown searching for it.”
“He’s right, Sarah.  It took everything I had just to get a look at the entrance,” Jack agreed.  “Our friendly psychologist is making this too hard.”
“No, we’re just not looking at it from the right perspective,” Nicole corrected.  “What Sarah said earlier makes more sense.  We need diving equipment.”
“That’s easy, point in the direction of the nearest dive shop and I will just skip right down there.”  Jack winked at her.
“I’ve got a better idea.”  It was Nicole’s face who now donned the amused expression.  “Sarah and Hopper you work on the falls.  Jack, come with me.” 

Chapter Five

“One more boulder and we’re finished,” Sarah hollered from the edge of the cliff.  
“My back is killing me!”  Hopper complained as he lifted yet another massive rock onto his broad, hairy shoulders then started up the steep hill.
“I’ll give you a massage before we go to bed,” Sarah smiled at her big, disfigured boyfriend.
     “Bed, huh that’d be a neat trick,” Hopper grumbled under his breath. He dropped the last boulder on top of the flowing water completing a partial barrier on one side of the spillway.
 “Don’t think of this as camping along a river bed.  Think of that sweet soft cot back in the ballroom.”  Sarah waited for him to reach her then dug into his massive shoulders with her knuckles and began kneading the tension away from his muscular back.
“Just how comfortable do you expect those cots to be Sarah?”  Hopper chuckled as he began to relax under her soft touch.
A shout from below drew their attention as Jack and Nicole appeared at the edge of the woods, carrying a food satchel.  The pair headed for the base of the rocks to examine Sarah and Hopper’s handiwork.  They had succeeded in diverting nearly half of the rushing water away from the entrance to the cave.  What spilled over was much more violent, but the brunt of the force tumbled to one side.
“Perfect!”  Nicole shouted up to them, shading her green eyes from the bright sunlight reflecting off the wet white stones.
“It looks great, but will it hold?”  Jack asked.
“It’ll serve our purposes.”  Hopper jumped down from a large boulder then turned and gently lifted Sarah down beside him.
“What’s that?”  Sarah asked, reaching for the satchel.
“Fairyland’s first air tank,” Jack answered.
“We lined it with pine tar.  Hopefully, it will hold as long as your dam.”  Nicole handed it to Sarah and said, “We were just about to test it.”  Moving to the edge of the pond, Sarah gave Jack the satchel.  He blew it up like a giant leather balloon and shoved it under the surface.  After a few seconds, a small number of bubbles appeared.
“Okay, so it’s not perfect.  But I think it should last long enough to give me the air I need to check out the cave.”  Jack pulled the satchel from the water and emptied the small trickle of water from the bag.  “A little more tar and it will be perfect.”
“I’m not so sure this is a good idea.”  Sarah frowned with concern, “It could make you overconfident.  You’ll go in too deep and get lost.”
“We’ve thought of that,” Nicole said.  She grabbed the satchel from Jack and proceeded to smear the dark pine tar she had collected on a large oak leaf along the outer seams.  “We’ll tie a rope from our climbing gear around his waist.  He can secure it to a rock near the entrance.  Then follow it back if he gets confused or kicks up too much dirt.  And if he doesn’t reappear in a sufficient amount of time, one of us can swim down and pull him out using the small wineskin as a secondary air tank.”
“I don’t know,” Sarah stared at the satchel, “It just sounds reckless...”
“Sarah, it’s only a game, remember?”  Hopper added, putting his large arm around her shoulders and pulling her close.  “If we don’t take some chances, we’ll never win.”
“Hopper’s right, all we need is a good plan.”  Jack smiled softly, touched by her concern, “Remember, I won’t really be in the water.  It’s all in our minds.” 
“Ok, so tell me then, how are you going to see in that cave?”  Sarah countered.
“That’s where you come in babe.”  Jack slid in between her and Hopper, sliding his arm around her waist.
“Uh oh.”  Sarah glanced at Hopper for assistance.
“Remember the spells I had to memorize? Those are now yours to use.”  Nicole moved closer.  “One was a spell of light.”
Nicole repeated the strange words to Sarah until she memorized them.  Hopper found a small tree branch and placed it on the rocks at the edge of the pond.  Sarah stared at the limb and concentrated on the incantation.  She stopped and glared at the others through narrowed eyes saying, “No cracks about wicked witches or warts popping out on my nose.” She felt like the Queen of Fools as she waved her arms for emphasis and shouted the magic words.
  No one was more surprised than she was when the limb sputtered, sparked, and then burst into flames.  Nicole snatched it up and thrust the burning end into the churning water.  The fire continued to burn, unaffected.  
“Jack, hypnosis is a powerful thing,” Sarah cautioned.
“Relax, if I am in there too long, Strong will pull me out of the trance, and you’ll go on without me.”  Jack smiled and filled the satchel with air.  “Wish me luck.”
The three remaining adventurers stood at the edge of the pool and watched as Jack disappeared into the darkness of the cave.  With the torch in his teeth, satchel in one hand and a rope tied around his waist.  
Jack found a rock to anchor the line.  He then swam toward what appeared to be the back of the oval shaped cave.  The area inside was small, no more than six feet wide and twenty feet deep.  Jack was sure he’d quickly locate the object in such a confined space.
The water poured viciously over the falls after crashing into the newly constructed dam above.  Sitting in silence, staring at the swirling waters, the seconds seemed like hours as the others watched and waited for Jack to emerge from the cave.
“How much time does the satchel give him?”  Hopper asked, bending so close to the water his nose touched the surface.
“It took five deep breaths to fill it...” Nicole answered, “I’d say about 45 seconds per breath considering his exertion.  Maybe three and a half to four minutes?”
“You mean you didn’t figure that out before he dove in the water?”  Sarah glared at her. 
“And just who’s watch would we have used to calculate that?”  Nicole calmly met her gaze.
The trio stared into the water in silence, leaving their concerns unspoken.  Finally, Hopper asked, “How long has it been?”  Hopper glanced up at Sarah as he pulled off his vest.
“At least three minutes,” Sarah said.
Hopper pulled off his boots and dove into the water.
“It’s just a game,” Nicole whispered.
“Yeah, and if they both end up out of it, it’s over.’’  Sarah turned to face her.  “I came here to spend time with Todd, not you!”
“What is all this hostility, Sarah?  I’m just trying to be nice and offer some comfort.”  
“Why would you do that?  You never cared about my feelings before, and it is too damn hard to believe you have started now.  It is all just part of the game.  You’re trying to be the friendly elf, lover of nature and all that crap.”  Sarah moved forward closing the space between the two of them.  “You’ve never said a civil word to me the entire time I’ve known you, Nicole.  So don’t think I’m going to fall for your manipulative dribble now.”
“Calm down, Sarah.  You are just upset because Hopper is taking a chance.  He’ll be back in a few seconds.  You are worried for nothing.  You have not lost your Paladin.  He’s not in any danger.”
 “Todd is not my Paladin.  He’s a little overprotective.  Unlike you, he treats people with respect.  Now if you don’t mind, I think Hopper and Jack are more important than your return to humanity.”  Sarah actually growled at Nicole before turning back toward the water.
Nicole was stunned by Sarah’s word.  She wondered why it had never occurred to her before why she and Sarah had never become close.  Nicole stopped and stared at Sarah recalling the first double date they had with Todd and Sarah.  They were so warm and fuzzy calling each other sweetie and sharing their food Nicole could hardly eat.  She recalled Sarah reaching out to her asking, “What is it like to be the right hand of the District Attorney?” Nicole gave her a snide remark, “Right hand is such a cliché. I am the power that drives the District Attorney’s office. I have personally driven our conviction rate to over ninety-seven percent.” 
Sarah’s face lost its sweet smile, and her eyes turned to look out the window of the restaurant. Nicole realized it was her harsh superior attitude that day that left her without a close friend to share her triumphs and losses with. She wasn’t close to anyone. It occurred to her, how empty her life truly was.  
No one knew the real Nicole, deep down inside. Not even Tom. Especially not Tom, the man she was supposed to marry. He was just another corporate decision. Part of her overall plan. Nicole’s life was structured entirely around her career. Just like her parents, she left no room for those warm and fuzzy moments. Nicole’s breath caught in her throat as she recalled the first time a boy tried to kiss her. The human contact had felt so foreign, so unnatural because her parents hadn’t held or hugged her since she was a child.
In fact, her relationship with Tom was basically sex and business dinners. Nicole’s eyes fell to the ground as she realized she did not particularly even like Tom. It was his career, his future that attracted her. He was all work, and no play. They hadn’t even discussed children.   
Nicole frowned at the sweet girl before her as regret flowed through her. Sarah was smart, kind, and genuine. Nicole had dismissed her as unimportant and boring because she had no part to play in Nicole’s upward climb.  
It was time to make a change. Nicole decided to stop pushing people away with her superiority. When the weekend was over, she would end her loveless relationship with Tom and search for someone who lived life to the fullest. Nicole’s eyes gazed back into the water as Jack’s smiling face echoed through her mind.
Hopper reached the entrance to the cave. His giant troll eyes adjusted to the darkness inside without him even trying. Following the rope, he located Jack’s still, lifeless form, floating less than a yard inside the entrance. Below Jack, lying on the stone floor of the cave was what was left of the burning torch and a small jewel encrusted chest about the size of a deck of cards. Grabbing Jack’s arm, Hopper stuffed the chest into his mouth and swam out of the cave. Staying near the bottom of the pool, Hopper cleared the turbulent waters and raced for the surface. He shoved Jack out of the water above him and hit the surface at a faster swim desperate to get to the shore.
“He’s not breathing!” Hopper’s deep voice boomed over the roar of the falls. Gasping for air, Hopper allowed Sarah and Nicole to drag Jack over the rocks and onto the grass. Sarah forced Jack into a sitting position and used the Heimlich maneuver to purge his lungs of water. Then she laid him on his back and forced air into his lungs.  
Nicole placed an ear to Jack’s chest. “No heartbeat!” she gasped.
Sarah pushed her away and started pumping his chest. Hopper appeared at her side and began puffing air into Jack’s lungs.
“It’s only a game.” Nicole managed to hug herself as she watched them struggle to bring Jack back to life.
“It can’t be safe to allow someone to think they’ve died. I don’t care if it is just hypnosis, this is insane,” Sarah said as she continued to force Jack’s heart to beat. After what felt like a lifetime, Jack coughed, and his head jerked forward. Hopper roared with delight as his friend rolled to his side gasping for air. Sarah hugged the giant troll, relieved they did not have to wait until the adventure was over to find out if Jack had actually suffered from the ordeal.
“What happened?” Jack squeaked, looking up at his three nearly hysterical friends.
“You were dead.” Hopper smiled weakly. “I pulled you out of the cave just in time.” 
“Dead?” Jack coughed, rolled over onto his back and sat up.
“Absolutely,” Hopper added, “Sarah revived you.”
“I guess I wasn’t cut out for underwater spelunking,” Jack said with a forced smile.
“Maybe not, but you’re a great treasure hunter.” Hopper’s huge hairy face glowed with excitement as he presented Jack the small chest and added, “The honor is all yours.”
“I saw you dive into the water and pull me out,” Jack whispered softly to his friends, oblivious to the chest. “Nicole grabbed my arms and Sarah kissed me...”
“Are you all right?” Nicole moved forward. She stared at him with such intensity; Jack could no longer meet her gaze.  He fell silently back onto the grass.
“My chest hurts, and I’ve got a massive headache.”  He sighed, clutching his head in both hands.
“Let’s get him out of the sun,” Sarah ordered, pulling Jack to his feet.  “Can you walk?”
“I didn’t get hit by a bus,” Jack growled, but leaned against Hopper’s hulking form nonetheless.  “How long was I out?”
“How long before you ran out of air?”  The Hopper asked, leading Jack to a large evergreen tree.
“The bag sprang a leak, after my second breath. I was pretty far in…” Jack stammered, trying to remember. “There was a side tunnel near the back. I had just entered it after searching the central area and finding nothing.”
“Two minutes tops,” Hopper answered firmly, stopping inside the tree line. “I found you just inside the main entrance.”
“Two minutes, I guess that’s okay.”
“Of course, it’s okay,” Nicole said. “Do you really think you stopped breathing?”
“It sure seemed like it to me,” Hopper offered, lowering Jack onto the soft grass.
“It’s just part of the game. We wanted some excitement. So Strong gave it to us. He’ll be as good as new in a few minutes, and then we can head out.” Nicole grinned, tapping on the jeweled chest.  “It’s not locked.”
Taking the chest from Nicole, Jack set it on the ground before him. Using a small knife, still stuffed into his belt, he pried the rusted latch open. Inside was a bundle wrapped in a thick layer of wax. Turning the chest over, he let the bundle fall onto the grass. The others knelt beside him gazing at the lump of hardened wax. Using his long black claws, Hopper gently poked at it.
“It’s solid,” Hopper said.
“Think your seven-headed monster is hiding inside?” Jack rolled his eyes and slammed his fist into the package. The wax cracked and splintered apart revealing a leather wrap secured tightly with burlap straps.  
Excited, he cut the straps with his small knife and pulled back the leather to reveal its contents. “I thought it’d be some kind of potion or a magic wand.” Jack frowned.
“So did I,” Sarah said reaching for the worn, brown leather book. Two thin ornate silver snakes served as binders. The eyes were tiny sparkling rubies and the winding bodies adorned with small blue and yellow gems that sparkled like crushed glass in diamond-shaped clusters.
“Is that it?” Hopper looked over Jack’s shoulder. “There’s got to be something else.”
“Conjuration,” Sarah said, looking up at him.
“Yes, that’s a given, Sarah.” Jack smiled weakly.
“No, that’s what it says.” She shook her head at him.
“What says?” Hopper stared at her. “You mean the book is talking to you?”
“No, silly.” Sarah giggled and shoved at Hopper’s massive shoulder, which did not budge an inch. “The title, on the cover.”
“You can read it?” Jack asked running his fingers over the strange runes that ran across the top of the book.
“Duh,” Sarah stared at him, uncomprehending. “It’s English, Jack.”
“No, it’s not,” Hopper chimed in.
“It’s not?” Sarah stared at the writing. “It is to me.”
“Then I guess it belongs to you.” Nicole smiled as she grabbed the book and tossed it to Sarah.
The others dove into the book while Jack slept, exhausted from his ordeal. Sarah read the titles of the spells and incantations aloud as she flipped through the pages. Hopper insisted on earmarking certain incantations for easy future access. Tiring of the search, Nicole left them to their work. She decided her time was better spent examining the map they had gotten at the Inn. She grabbed the satchel and headed over to sit next to Jack’s sleeping form as Hopper and Sarah began to work on a levitation spell.
“Okay, raise your arms out in front of you and command it to rise,” Hopper instructed as Sarah concentrated on the spell.
The words were unnatural and hard to form, much harder than the magic spell Nicole had taught her. She was not entirely sure she was even pronouncing them correctly. The book contained no instructions, merely the incantations. Nothing happened as she stood over the small loaf of bread, her hands stretched out above it. Sarah frowned and wiggled her fingers at the bread on the grass before her, as if that would aid her spell.
“Well, you cast a spell over me long ago, and you didn’t even have a book then.” Hopper grinned, his booming voice deepening further as he gazed into her innocent blue eyes.
Sarah glanced up and met Hopper’s gaze. “That was Cupid. He got us both with the same arrow that day.” She smiled, forcing away the blush that threatened and turned back to the bread.  Lowering her hands to inches above the loaf, she repeated the phrase until everything around her faded from view. Her fingers, then hands began to itch, and then tingle. The sensation moved up her arms. Then, ever so slowly the loaf began to rise off the ground, stopping to hover nearly a foot above the grass.
“I did it!” She squealed jumping into Hopper’s arms and kissing his wide thin-lipped mouth.
“I knew you could!” He spun her around before depositing her back in place. “Now, try something else,” he said, pulling back slightly and running his huge hand across his gruesome maw.
“There’s a hiccup incantation.  Let’s try it on, Jack.” Sarah smiled mischievously, heading for her first victim. The strange words flowed from her, dancing on her tongue. The sensation was tantalizing, invigorating. She felt the power of the magic rise inside her. Then, suddenly, Jack bolted upright and hiccupped.
Giggling with glee, Sarah and Hopper fell onto the grass unable to contain their delight. Jack glanced around as the hiccups quickly worsened then suddenly subsided. Studying the two wriggling forms on the grass before him and judging from Nicole’s broad grin, he grew suspicious.
“What’s going on?” Jack’s eyes narrowed at the ugly troll as Hopper righted himself and tried to look innocent.
“She just cast a spell on you, Jack,” Nicole explained as his two friends acted like mischievous imps, gleefully staggering toward them.
“What kind of spell?” Jack demanded looking at Sarah.
“Oh relax, Jack. Just a little case of the hiccups,” Sarah announced, proudly.
Jack chuckled, leaning back against the tree. “Then we can quit worrying about those warriors now. Sarah has everything under control. She’ll make them hiccup so hard they’ll fall right off their horses.” 
“I’m just getting started, Jack,” Sarah quipped with a defiant smile. “Go back to sleep, Barbarian.”
“Not likely.” Jack grabbed her hand and pulled her down beside him. “Show me your stuff oh magical one.”
“I should try another small spell before I attempt anything remotely threatening.” Sarah smiled slyly and turned toward Hopper.
A look of great concern came over Hopper’s face as she began to chant.  Hopper furrowed his brow, and his heart sped up. Was it his turn to be the next victim? Trying to hide his distress, he managed a smile and said, “Did I tell you how beautiful you looked just before you lay down on the cot this morning?”
Sarah ceased her chanting and stared expectantly at Hopper. “Well?”
“Well, what?” Hopper stared back at her. “What kind of spell was it?”
“You tell me,” Sarah answered, rising to face him.
“Nothing’s happening.” Hopper glanced over at Jack, “Is it?”
“You look the same to me,” Jack said, “No feminine features yet, Sarah.”
“What?” Hopper staggered backward terrified.
 It was Jack’s turn to fall back laughing.
Hopper grimaced, “your hysterical, Jack.” Then suddenly he stiffened and started to squirm. “Sarah!” he bellowed, “Not that, anything but that! Stop it!”
Sarah giggled saying, “He hates to be tickled.”
Hopper jerked and wiggled, screaming with deep echoing peals of laughter as he worked his way toward them.  “Sarah! It feels like ants are crawling all over me,” he gasped; fell to the ground and started rolling and kicking. His deep voice boomed in panic, “Enough!”
The others laughed in spite of their empathy for the troll. “I thought nothing could bring Hopper to his knees,” Jack guffawed. “Leave it to a seemingly defenseless female to lay you out cold, eh Hopper?”
“This will teach him to appreciate you, Sarah,” Nicole added.
“At least he’ll never underestimate me.” The tall sorceress smiled back at her.
Hopper rolled onto his knees and crawled to Jack, gasping for breath. “Help... me.”
Jack knelt beside him. “Sarah, I think he’s had enough.” A shiver ran through him as he recalled Nicole’s recent fit of hysteria.
“Your hiccups stopped right away.” Sarah’s smile vanished. “It should stop any second.”
“I... Can’t,” gasp, “Stand it!” Hopper collapsed onto the grass. “It hurts...”
“Todd?” Sarah rushed to his side.
“Is there some kind of counterspell?” Nicole asked.
“Can’t ... breathe...” Hopper gasped, his lips were turning blue. Tears were streaming down his hairy cheeks.
“Do something!” Jack grabbed Sarah by the shoulders.
Sarah jumped up and rushed over to the rocks where she had left the book and scanned the pages surrounding the tickle spell desperate to find anything to help. “I can’t find anything.  It has to wear off?” She rushed back to them. “Todd?  Hold on, just a few seconds more.  Concentrate on your breathing, try to take just one slow breath.” 
Hopper was oblivious to anything, but the torturous laughter the flowed uncontrollably from his mouth.
Sarah screamed as Hopper began to convulse. “Jack do something! I’m killing him!”
Jack sprang up and rushed to Sarah’s side. “I can’t read it! You’ll just have to take it one page at a time.”
Nicole moved slowly toward Hopper as Jack and Sarah raced through the book. Taking Hopper by the arm, Nicole gently pulled him to his knees. “Laughter’s unusual for a troll,” she whispered. Her eyes grew glassy and dark. “Trolls and elves have never been close friends you know, but I’ll help you, Hopper. I won’t desert you.” Her eyes began to brighten and glow the same soft green light as when she arrived. Nicole led Hopper toward the pool as she started to sing a whispering lullaby.  
Sarah’s scream jolted Nicole back to awareness. The young Sorceress’ eyes filled with horror as Nicole pushed the nearly unconscious Hopper into the dark frothy water.
“He’ll drown!” Sarah cried rushing toward them. “He’s too weak!”
Hopper’s head popped out of the water as Sarah reached the edge of the pond. “I’m all right.”  He gasped, sucking in a deep breath of air. Jack was in the water beside him in an instant helping Hopper to the edge of the pond. Sarah’s waiting arms pulled his massive hulk out of the water and held him tight. Taking his massive head in her hands, Sarah kissed him hard on his huge lips.  
“Nicole, what happened?” She turned to the silent elf. “How did you know?”
“Water is a pure element. It dilutes acid, stops chemical reactions, and washes away the dust of the earth. It’s a cleansing agent. What would work better to cure a dark surface spell?”  Nicole answered quietly, surprised at her own words. “You could have killed him, Sarah.”
“I didn’t realize.” Sarah’s eyes filled with tears. “Todd, you know I’d never...”
“It’s okay, baby.” Hopper pulled her to him. “I know you’d never hurt me.”
“Thank you, Nicole.” Sarah reached out and took Nicole’s hand. They stood staring at each other as the glow faded from Nicole’s eyes.
“Forget it,” Nicole answered, turning away.
“I’m sorry about what I said,” Sarah called after Nicole.
Nicole spun and flashed a smile to hide her concern over her own mental stability. “We better get moving, we don’t want to get caught with our backs to the water.”

Chapter Six

The Dark Warrior gazed at the small group from across the rolling waters. His sapphire eyes showed great astonishment at the sight of the beautiful sorceress showing such devotion to a troll. Perhaps they were not Puissant’s destroyers after all. His eyes fell from the young woman to the rocky ground beneath them as thoughts of duty pressed him to action.  He could not let the beautiful face and seemingly compassionate heart dissuade him from what must be.
Jack and Nicole packed the food and supplies as Sarah helped Hopper onto his horse.  Fetching the thick tree limb that served as his weapon, Sarah tied it to Hopper’s saddle before mounting her white mare.
“The map shows a large series of narrow canyons running the entire length of the mountain range,” Sarah announced, studying the soft leather parchment. “There’s a canyon passage near the crest of the double peak.”
“We’ll have to find some high ground. You can’t see the sky through these trees, much less a mountain,” Jack said as he headed for the waterfall. 
Climbing the rocks, Jack stood near the edge of the cascading water and gazed over the trees. “There’s a double peak just west of here,” he yelled.
“Wonderful!  Now anyone in the immediate vicinity knows exactly where we are headed,” Sarah chided.
“Let them come,” Nicole declared as she swung up on her horse. “I’m ready for a little exercise.”
“How much longer until nightfall?’’ Sarah asked.
Nicole shrugged, “What do you think Barbarian?”
“Beats me,” Jack answered climbing down. “Let’s go. I’ll take the point.”
They headed into the forest. Working their way through the dense foliage, they searched for any sign of a path leading into the mountains. Nicole sang to the animals, and they reappeared to greet her, scampering away when the others came near. The small red fox from that morning appeared out of a dense thicket. It darted toward Nicole then veered off to one side, disappearing into the trees. Eyes narrowing, Nicole called the party to a halt. 
“We’ve got company,” she announced. 
A rush of pounding hoofs reached them. The group turned their heads simultaneously. 
A band of nearly twenty elves on horseback appeared from the far end of the thicket just ahead of them. Without hesitation, their leader took action, determined to capture the sorceress whose beauty haunted him. 
He was a golden haired elf of considerable stature dressed in black chain link armor.  Drawing forward, he raised his sword high above his head. The Dark Warrior’s eyes met Sarah’s, and he hesitated. She froze. Much to her surprise, she was met by a pair of radiant blue eyes that caused her stomach to leap and her heart to race.
“Back!” Jack shouted turning his horse around. The others followed suit, retreating the way they had come. A shrill war cry pierced the air as the warriors charged. Veering from the path and crashing through the underbrush, Hopper cleared a trail with his club for the others to follow. Galloping blindly through the thicket, Hopper searched for an easier route in an attempt to gain distance from their attackers and still head toward their goal. The Warriors raced toward them, unhindered by the dense line of trees and brush.
Without warning, a large doe leaped out of the thicket directly in the path of the charging elves.  The lead horses, startled by the sudden movement, reared and snorted in fright.  The instant of confusion slowed the warrior’s approach, allowing the adventurers to lengthen their lead.  Pushing the frightened horses aside, the Dark Warrior forced his horse past, continuing the chase.  Arrows began to assault the brush around the adventurers as the elves attempted to halt the escape.  The small red fox dashed out of the underbrush to race under the legs of the pursuers’ horses, sending several more warriors reeling into the thicket.
A hawk flew from the treetops into the leader’s face.  He swatted it away and pushed on, gaining ground with each stride.  The air around the warriors seemed to take form as birds of prey dove out of the sky attacking them.  The elves fought to control their horses, urging them forward, trying to keep pace with their commander.  
Hopper came to an abrupt halt as his friends cleared the dense trees. “We’re trapped!” He motioned toward the rock bluff that stretched out before them.  They had fled into a small canyon, concealed by the trees.  The sheer wall of the cliff gave no hint of escape.  As Jack cleared the trees, Hopper turned his horse around and charged back toward the dark warrior.
“Todd!  No, there’s too many!”  Sarah screamed as he disappeared.
Without hesitation, Nicole drew her short sword and followed.  Hearing the battle cries of the warriors, Jack hesitated for only an instant, his mind flashing back to the waterfall and the darkness of the cave.  It felt so life-like, the water forcing its way into his lungs.  It was all too real. Pushing the reality of the adventure out of his mind Jack surged toward the trees while Sarah struggled to free the spell book from her saddlebag.  The rushing adrenaline made it difficult for her fingers cooperate.
Jack drew his sword as he reached a small clearing where they had left the Warriors. He prepared to fight again to save his friends’ lives. Hopper was already swinging madly at three muscular elves attempting to slip past him.  Nicole jumped from her horse onto the back of a warrior. With a mighty thrust, she drove her short sword through his chest.  Without missing a beat, she sprang from the horse and sprinted toward a small cluster of warriors heading toward her.
Out of the corner of his eye, Jack saw the Dark Warrior charge him.  Meeting the assault, he managed to deflect the first blow with his sword. The force vibrated through his body and nearly threw him from his saddle.  As the Dark Warrior pulled his horse around to face him, Jack surged forward yanking hard on his reins.  His horse reared preparing to attack the Dark Warrior’s horse.  The large elf dove from his saddle before the tan mare’s hooves struck.  Not waiting for the warrior to recover, Jack spun and charged into the last group of elves who had managed to surround Hopper.
Swinging his sword in a broad arc, Jack issued an impressive war cry as he severed the head of the nearest elf.  A young female warrior turned and met Jack’s attack carrying only a large staff.  Rendering it useless with one blow, Jack raised his sword to strike and hesitated as his eyes focused on the body of the headless elf sprawled out on the ground behind her.  Jack screamed in rage at the young elf. She was a fool to bring only a staff to battle, and he was tired of killing.  Jack turned to face another; he would not kill an unarmed female. Jack undercut the warrior’s attack with the tip of his blade and sent his sword flying. Without hesitating, Jack punched him square in the face with his hilt, then turned and left the warrior slobbering face-down on the ground.
The sky began to transform. Fingers of black mist stormed across the horizon, leaving the clearing as dark as a moonless night.  The large trees surrounding them dipped and swayed in the fierce wind, sending a sturdy evergreen crashing into the center of the clearing.  The battle halted in an instant. 
A loud roar reverberated from the tangled brush before them. All eyes turned to face its source.  The earth shook from a piercing scream as the creature emerged forward with massive clawed feet, trampling the giant trees the White Oak and ancient Redwood were merely a tall grass to this enormous creature. Rising to its full height, it stood nearly 40 feet.  Its long snout swayed from side to side between two large menacing horns. It screamed a challenge through needle-like teeth that stretched the full length of a human arm. Covered with long dark brown fur, it was hard to discern where the creature ended in the darkness. 
The Warriors backed away from the adventurers, as their leader fearlessly rushed to meet this new foe. Hopper snatched Nicole from the midst of the elves and tossed her on her horse. 
“Where did that come from?” he asked breathlessly.
“I don’t know.”  
Sarah appeared at the edge of the clearing in time to see the warriors charge the creature. Galloping to them, she motioned toward the far end of the glen. Moving past the battle, they raced into the trees.
 “Wait!” Jack yelled, slowing their escape. “That thing... we can’t just leave them to its mercy.”
“They were trying to kill us, Jack!”  Nicole challenged, sheathing her sword.  
“If aliens attacked Eastern Europe, don’t you think China and Russia would unite against them?”
“What?”  All three stared at him.
“Forget it, Jack.  If we came to their rescue, they would turn on us when that thing was dead, if we could kill it.  Let’s get as far away from that creature as possible before it decides we are its next snack.”  Nicole turned her horse back toward the trail.
“No,” Jack reached out and took hold of her arm.  “I’m not going to let them die. Just because I’m dressed like a barbarian doesn’t mean I have to act like one.”
“It’s all right, Jack” Sarah smiled, moving toward him, “It won’t hurt them.”
“How can you say that?  It’s huge!”  Jack spun his horseback in the direction of the battle.
“It’s mine,” Sarah added calmly.
“Yours?”  Jack turned back to her.
“Conjuration, she’s my baby.”  Sarah beamed, triumphantly.  “It’s a mixture of a Mammoth, gorilla, and a saber tooth tiger.”  Her delighted laughter lightened Jack’s mood.  “She thinks we’re her young and is keeping them busy until we get away.”
“That was fantastic!”  Hopper’s deep voice penetrated the darkness.  “But can you bring back the sunlight?  It’d be easier to travel if we saw where we were going.”
“Of course,” Sarah answered.  “And don’t worry Jack, it won’t hurt them. I made sure of that.  But it will keep them occupied for a few hours.”
Looking at the canopy of trees Sarah, spoke a few short phrases allowing the magic to surge up within her.  A soft breeze began to blow, flowing through her long amber hair as a soft yellow glow enveloped her.  A trickle of light drifted down through the thick canopy.  Hopper’s breath quickened at the sight of Sarah, consumed by her magic.  Never before had any woman looked so elegant, so beautiful.  He felt stirrings build up inside him he had so carefully kept under control for the last two years.  Glancing down at his clawed hands and hairy body, his eyes darkened, and the stirrings vanished.
“We don’t have much light left,” Jack observed.  “Let’s put some distance between our friends and us.”

Chapter Seven

Crickets filled the moist night air with a beckoning song Nicole could not resist. Hopper and Sarah fell asleep nestled together under a large fir tree as the elf silently disappeared into the forest. Jack gathered more wood for the fire and added a few extra logs to keep it burning as they slept. Nicole wandered effortlessly through the darkness. The sound of a small gurgling brook drew her to its sandy banks. Sitting on the edge of a fallen tree, she pulled her boots off and thrust her tired feet into the stream. The cold water numbed her aching arches, sending a shivering pulse of relief through her small form.
A small cloud slipped across the moon causing a shift in the shadows, Nicole became part of the forest, silent and watching.  Her dark green eyes focused on the same small red fox that had warned her of the Warriors’ attack earlier that same evening.  Smiling, she reached out and waited for it to join her.  She stroked its soft fur then rose as they walked together deeper into the forest.


Tired of sitting quietly, waiting for some monstrous creature to descend on them from the darkness, Jack rose from his perch at the edge of a small camp. His thoughts went to Nicole, where had she gone, and what did she think she was doing? Hadn’t they had enough excitement for one day? Grabbing his sword, Jack headed in the direction he had seen her disappear.  One glance at Hopper and Sarah’s sleeping forms, and he vanished into the shadows. He was determined to find the sexy imp and return her to camp, over his shoulder if necessary.  She had been gone for nearly an hour.  “Dr. Strong said to stay together,” Jack mumbled under his breath as his foot struck a small rock.  It was impossible to predict what could be lurking in the darkness surrounding the camp.  Nicole was foolish to assume their adventure would only take place during the daylight hours.  Anyone of them could be easily captured in the darkness and spirited away to lead the others on a chase far from their goal.  Jack smiled wickedly as a vision came to him of Nicole’s shapely legs sticking out of the jaws of some hideous creature.
His smile vanished. If there were a monster, it would more than likely spit out Nicole’s dead body and challenge him to fight to the death.  Another kill, another notch on his bloody sword.  If he had to kill, then so be it.  Still, he would prefer to slay a dragon than another elf.  Their deaths seemed too real.  
“I won’t kill another elf,” Jack announced to the darkness.  It was only a game, an illusion.  The whole idea of this hypnotic adventure was to ensure the experience felt as real as possible.  However, the way those elves died was too real, too harsh.  It took the fun out of the game.  He was not one to revel in the blood and guts of horror movies.  He enjoyed the suspense or action, and shapely females always helped the lack of a plot.
Jack forced himself to slow his pace. His eyes searched the darkness spotting a white-faced owl as it took flight deep into the woods. He succumbed to an overwhelming urge to follow the bird and moved silently through the trees tracking its flight. Hearing the sound of rushing water, Jack hesitated, listening for any sign of activity. Jack took deliberate, slow steps toward the water. The small brook was nothing like the pounding falls that had nearly ended his journey earlier. How had Dr. Strong managed to give him such a complete sensation of diving? The feelings of cold water on his skin, the pounding of the falls from beneath the surface were just too real. He’d even felt the pressure change as he swam to the base of the pond.  There must be a pool somewhere in the compound.  Strong must have led them to it and allowed Jack to dive into the water.
The panic and pain, when his lungs drew in the water, came back to Jack as he breathed in the moist air surrounding the brook.  Dr. Strong was no fool.  He would not risk a lawsuit by the family of a drowned client.  Jack doubted that Dr. Strong could have described the feeling of drowning to someone unless he had experienced it himself.  It was highly unlikely that two out of the seven people involved in this adventure would have experienced the terror of drowning and lived to tell about it. Although it was not something that would come up in ordinary conversation, Jack knew, he knew how it felt.
He had nearly died with his father when they were on vacation one summer. The long stretch of white sandy beach seemed so peaceful and safe. His father allowed him to wander too far out into the waves. He was yanked off his feet by a strong undertow and was swept away from the shore.  Away from the people, he loved.  His father had found him, deep beneath the salty water and pushed him to the surface, away from the pull of the ocean. A lifeguard arrived in time to drag Jack to shore. However, his father never made it back to the surface. Jack had lost him forever.
Jack’s father was his hero, the one who convinced him to make the most of his life before it slipped from his grasp.  Perhaps Strong somehow managed to tap into that memory and used it.  Was he at this very moment exploring their memories for parallels in which to heighten their adventure? 
When the game was over, Jack was going to find out what actually happened. If Dr. Strong took liberties with his psyche, the prestigious psychologist would be the first to know if hypnotically induced battle skills carried over to the real world. Shaking off the barbarian persona that sought to overwhelm him with its angry brutality, Jack adjusted the sword in his belt and continued toward the brook. He spotted movement near a fallen log. His hand went to the hilt of his sword only to relax when he realized it was Nicole.
Sitting quietly, stroking the soft fur on the back of a small fox, the dark elf turned slowly and smiled up at Jack.  Entranced by her sparkling smile and seductive green eyes, Jack sat down in the tall grass at her feet.  Allowing his eyes to wander, Jack traced the outline of her small leather vest admiring her large breasts and velvet skin. His eyes rose to meet hers, fighting the urge to reach out to feel the softness of her skin. He followed her gaze toward the treetops.  A small break in the canopy allowed them a breathtaking view of the star-filled sky.  A sense of calm came over Jack as he relaxed on the bank beside her.  Following her lead, he removed his boots and sank his feet into the icy water.
“How did you find me?”  Nicole asked. Studying his face, she allowed their shoulders to rub against each other.
“I followed an owl.”  Jack smiled softly, feeling the exhaustion wash over him.  Nicole smiled, her dark eyes twinkling in the pale light.  “Who’s your friend?”  Jack continued, reaching toward the fox.
Springing from her lap, the small animal scurried off and disappeared into the brush.  Nicole’s eyes followed it filled with silent laughter.  “I guess he isn’t in a social mood,” she whispered, turning toward him and reaching out to caress his wavy brown hair. 
“But you have been, all day.”  Jack reached out to take her hand in his.  Jack felt the warmth of her palm brush against his ear as Nicole ran her fingers through his hair.   
Her eyes met his. Realizing for the first time how deep blue they were. She could easily become lost in those round sapphire pools.
“Have I?” she asked, studying his face.
“I’ve never seen you so... relaxed, so carefree.”
“Carefree, that’s the perfect word for how I feel,” Nicole answered, her hand exploring the contours of his back as she moved down onto the grass beside him.  “All the tension and stress I’ve carried with me for so long has vanished.  I don’t feel that surging force inside me.  I have always felt driven, impatient for what the next step is supposed to be.  As if I should be accomplishing something, striving to better myself, to make a difference every moment.  I actually can’t remember a time when I wasn’t compelled to be the best at everything.  Now, just because I am here, in this world, I am free. Free of my anger, free of my inhibitions, free from the life I’ve worked so hard to build.” Nicole stared up at the stars, shaking her head in wonder. “For the life of me Jack I can’t even remember why I was so driven.” Nicole leaned closer and nuzzled his neck, “Why is that Jack? What is it about Dr. Strong and this imaginary world that has finally allowed me to forget all the crap I insisted on building my life around?”  
“Are you so sure Dr. Strong did that?”  Jack’s eyes narrowed.
“You think I liberated myself?  That I’m taking liberties with my psyche under the mask of this elfin personality?”  Nicole smiled at him.  “Very deductive, Jack.”
“Not at all Nicole.  You think this is some fantastic game where anything goes,” Jack snapped, fighting his attraction to her. Tom was his friend, he could not betray him.  “You haven’t escaped from anything.  You’re so hyped on turning this into a million dollar investment; you’ve forgotten that we return to reality in a few hours.”
“Relax, Jack.”   The corners of her lips turned up in response to his feisty retort softly as she leaned back against the log.
“Reality, Nicole.  You remember it.  It’s where you’ll have to explain to Tom what you were doing ten seconds ago.”
“Tom was a mistake, Jack. A big one for both of us.” Nicole turned and stared at him.  “I wanted him because he was stable, well-educated and had connections in places I couldn’t reach. He wants me because I’m old money and he needs the prestige.” She gazed into his eyes, her face softening.  “But why am I explaining this to you? You had known that before I did.”
“I never said anything...”
“You didn’t have to, Jack.  Deep down inside, we both knew.”
The crickets filled the silence between them as they stared into the shadows.  The wind rushed over the treetops, bringing with it a dampness that settled over the forest like a cold mist.
“I have liberated myself, Jack,” she finished.
“You’ve always been in control of every aspect of your life. I find it hard to believe you’re lost it now. Dr. Strong may be guiding this journey, but he can’t control every emotion we feel, not for seventy-two hours straight. He has to take a break sometimes. Our sleeping periods would be the perfect time for him to rest. So, the way I figure it, we are on our own for the next hour or so. What we are feeling now are your own emotions, free from his influence.” His eyes met hers. He knew deep in his heart Tom, and Nicole were not in love. There was no spark between them. Yet he found himself shifting further from her, Tom was still his friend.
“I’ve felt different from the moment we arrived here.  Maybe it is the elf character or the expectations of the adventure.  I don’t know, and I don’t care.  I just hope I can carry this back with me.” Nicole closed the distance between them, leaning closer to him. “For the first time in my life, I can relax.  I have night vision which allows me to see the animals that roam through the night. My hearing is acute; I can sit and listen, to the crickets, the water, the wind as if I were one of them.  It doesn’t matter where I am, what I am doing, I hear them all. But, the most important thing right now is, that I am sitting still, perfectly still.  No impatient, wiggling, twitching or tapping.  I wish I could stay here, forever.”
Jack’s laughter filled the small clearing silencing the night sounds around them.  “You and I have never been in sync.  Here you are talking about harmony and contentment, and all I feel is skepticism.”  Jack shook his head sadly.  “Dr. Strong’s made this seem too real for me.  I am having a hard time dealing with all the bloodshed... and your turnabout.  I think we are running around the countryside like a band of psychotic killers, slashing and laughing.”  Jack’s smile faded as he leaned forward to snatch a small rock from the bubbling water.  “I think we’ve lost sight of the real adventure.”
“We’ve reversed roles.”   Nicole giggled.  She took hold of his shoulder and pushed him down onto the grass as she lay down beside him and glanced up at the stars.  “I was the cautious, dedicated leader and you were the carefree adventurer.  Now I am rushing into unknown encounters, throwing caution aside and you are the one hollering for us to stay on target. “
Jack sighed, “I don’t want anyone to get hurt and ruin the adventure.  If you and Hopper keep running off...”
“Okay, no more charging into the face of danger unless it’s absolutely necessary,” Nicole agreed.
Chuckling at her daughterly tone, Jack conceded and changed the subject.  “Do you realize this is the first conversation we’ve had without arguing?”
“You mean without insulting each other,” Nicole corrected, grinning back at him in the darkness.
“I’ve never insulted you,” Jack whispered, rolling onto his side and looking into her dark green eyes.
Nicole’s heart raced. There was more than mere lust in his eyes. “You’re right, I guess. I have a habit of considering whatever you say to be an insult because your comments are always so close to the mark. I am here to invest.”
“There’s nothing wrong with that.”
“I know.” Nicole ran her fingers down his bare sculptured arm. “Do you think we can be friends when we get back to reality?”
“What are you going to tell Tom?”
“The truth, not like the last time. When you kissed me that night, I convinced myself it was because you were drunk.”
“Then I think we might have a chance.” Jack grinned.  
Nicole’s eyes fell to the ground. “I know I’m not the easiest person to get along with.”  
“Well, that’s certainly true.” Jack winked, and placed his hand on her hip.
She glanced up at him, searching his eyes, “I think people should stop whining about their lives and get to work making their life into what they want it to be.”
“Instead of treating your life like a big vacation,” Jack cut in.
Nicole sighed and sat up. “You completely frustrate me, Jack.  You have no goals, no direction you just float around the world and enjoy yourself.  Your life is completely unstructured.  Even so, you’ve always had everything you wanted. You are also careless at times because you have a close group of friends who care deeply about you and are always willing to bail you out of any situation you get yourself into. It infuriates me, and at this moment I have no idea why.” 
Jack sat up next to her, staring at her in silence.  She had no idea how beautiful she was, or how much he wanted her.  How much he’d always wanted her that night at a Christmas party. He drank too much trying to forget how sexy she looked in that burgundy dress. It hugged her body like she’d been poured into it. She’d let her hair hang loosely around her bare shoulders. It was more than Jack could handle. He had to kiss her, just once, no matter what the price.
The pair of adventurers sat quietly on the bank of the narrow brook, listening to the distant cry of the night.  A raccoon appeared across the water carrying a small object in its paws.  Carefully, it danced across the rocks on the brook toward them.  Stopping a few feet away, it surveyed them, then walked up to Nicole, placed the object in her lap and scampered off.  Jack reached over, picked up the delicate oval and examined it.
“It’s an egg,” he frowned, glancing up at Nicole.
“Breakfast,” She declared, her eyes sparkling in the darkness.
“You’ll need a few dozen more to make a decent omelet. It’s not big enough to feed a mouse.”
“She was making a gesture of friendship,” the dark-eyed elf explained.
“Have you received many of these gifts?” Jack chuckled, handing Nicole the tiny blue egg.
“The birds bring me flowers.”
“That’s useful.”
Nicole smiled and glanced around, “Look, there through the trees.”
“What?”  Jack sat upright, reaching for his sword.
Touching his arm, Nicole added, “It’s the doe that helped us escape.”
Seeing the faint image of a deer in the shadows, Jack relaxed back against the log.  The crickets continued their serenade.  Nicole pointed out the night creatures as they rushed to fulfill their needs.  A sudden flutter caught their attention as the white-faced owl lit on the hollow log behind them.
“That’s my buddy,” Jack pointed out.
The small owl cocked its head to one side and dropped a dead field mouse into Jack’s lap then flew into the darkness.
Jack lifted the small sacrifice up by the tail and waited patiently for Nicole to stop laughing.
“A token of my esteem, My Lady.” He handed her the mouse.  Accepting the gift, Nicole tossed it high into the air. The owl swept out from the trees, snatched it up, and disappeared.
She stared at the small predator as it vanished into the darkness; Nicole’s thoughts went to her past personality as an attorney. She turned back to Jack and smiled, softly. She knew why she was angry with him. That night at a Christmas party his eyes sparkled with mischief. His arm brushed against her breasts as he slipped past her to chase a doe-eyed blonde. Nicole found it difficult to concentrate on business each time Jack’s boisterous laugh rang through the room. Yet, while Tom was busy making connections, it was Jack that saved her from the District Attorneys advances. He somehow sensed her discomfort when the DA’s arm slipped around her waist. Jack appeared out of nowhere to whisk her onto the dance floor. She couldn’t even remember what light-hearted excuse he used to steal her from her bosses grasp. The truth was, Nicole wanted him to kiss her. His infectious smile and quick wit were exactly what she needed, but foolishly had not wanted. She cooed softly, reaching out to caress his bare shoulder. “Did you ever wonder what it would be like to kiss a woodland elf?”
“What?” His eyebrows furrowed and his head tilted with curiosity. He was the one who made the first move that night. He was the one who took the risk and threw all caution aside. Jack could still feel her warm, moist lips on his and the pause of surprise, when she hesitated before pulling away. He would never forget how his heart raced. He didn’t think he could stop at just a kiss this time. Not if she returned his passion.
Nicole whispered, “Woodland elves are sisters to the forest nymphs. Wouldn’t you like to experience the kiss of a magical nymph?”
He searched her eyes, “I’m not sure what you’re asking...” 
Nicole leaned against him in the darkness. The wind blew softly, flowing through her long silky hair. It flowed and billowed around him. “The thought has crossed your mind, hasn’t it, Jack?” she whispered, slipping her arms around his muscled waist. “Tell me, Jack.”
“Nicole...”   Jack growled, stiffening from her breath on his ear.
“I’ve thought about it, Jack. I never would have admitted it as Nicole Waters. However, here in this world, Nicole Waters doesn’t exist.  She’s been replaced by a woodland elf who wants to feel the warmth of your body close to hers.” Nicole nestled against him, brushing her lips across his throat.
“Remember reality, Nicole?”  Jack cautioned.  
She ignored him and whispered, “Didn’t you wonder, just once what it would be like to make love to me, Jack?”
Jack grabbed Nicole’s arms by the wrists and pushed her back from him.  “Reality,” he growled.
“I haven’t forgotten it, Jack.” She met his angry gaze, “It’s over with Tom.  I’m done pretending.”
Jack’s arms surrounded her as he pulled her against him.
An uncontrollable shiver ran through Nicole’s small form.  They fell back onto the grass clinging to one another.  Jack’s lips traced the outline of her throat moving down to the softness of her breasts as he unbuttoned her vest.  Nicole arched her back and pulled him closer. 
“Stay with me tonight, Jack,” she whispered, breathlessly.
Jack gazed into her eyes as he brushed a strand of ebony hair from her cheek and whispered, “I’m not going anywhere.”


Hopper gently separated himself from the slumbering sorceress he had held throughout the night. Smiling down at her, he rose and grimaced as his long spine snapped and crackled.  Glancing around for Nicole and Jack, Hopper found a pile of large red and purple berries on their food satchel near the cold embers of their fire. Snatching a handful, he kissed Sarah gently on the forehead, his deep voice whispered in her ear.  “There’s mischief afoot, Sorceress.  I do believe a band of crazed fairies set upon us whilst we slept.”
Her eyes popped open, startled by his words and the deep tone of his voice.  “Fairies?”  She gasped, sitting up, confused.
“Fruit fairies to be exact,” Hopper chuckled. 
“What are you talking about?” 
“Nicole and Jack gathered some berries for us.” His large crooked smile met her eyes.  He opened her hand and filled it with smooth round berries, popping several in his mouth.  “They’re sweet and juicy.”
Following his lead, she tried the colorful fruit, surprised at her appetite. “Where are our two protectors?” she asked, reaching out to stretch her tired muscles.
He shrugged his shoulders and added, “Beats me. They’ll turn up. Let’s find some place to wash up.”  
“Good idea and the horses could use some water,” Sarah said as she took another handful of the berries and headed for their mounts. 
      Hopper led the horse into the trees following Sarah. They found Jack lying next to a hollow log, half dressed and sound asleep. Todd cleared his throat loudly and nudged Jack in the side with his foot. 
“I was wrong about the fairies, Sarah. It looks like our benefactors were more of the nymph variety,” Hopper chuckled.
Startled by their presence, Jack sat up quickly and glanced around for Nicole. Finding no sign of her, he stared up at his smiling companions. “I was... uh... the fire was too hot.” 
“Oh yeah, that’s a common phenomenon in the forest at night,” Hopper said, smirking at Sarah.
Taking the horses, downstream Hopper released them and waded into the rushing water to splash his face. Sarah sat on the edge of the brook, next to Jack and scooped up a handful to do the same.  
“Whoa!” She gasped, releasing the icy water. Shaking the residue from her hands, she dabbed lightly at her face with what little moisture remained. A shrill whistle came from behind them. Nicole’s speckled stallion turned and trotted up the slope followed closely by the other horses.
“Jane of the jungle, no doubt,” Jack muttered, pulling on his boots.
The trio arrived at the campsite to find Nicole stuffing their food satchel with a variety of roots and nuts. She motioned for them to hurry, then threw one blanket after another onto the horse’s backs. Tossing Hopper his club as he neared, Nicole nodded toward the east.  “The Warriors are moving in this direction. We’re about an hour ahead of them and need to get going.”
Hopper saddled the horses as the others gathered up their belongings and scattered the remains of the fire. Sarah pulled her book of incantations out of her saddlebag and tied it to her saddle horn. Within minutes, the small group was heading deeper into the mountains. They moved up toward the crest of the nearest rise hoping to find a trail that would take them across the ridge and into the valley beyond.
By midday, they were heading down into the valley below with no sign of pursuit. The bright sun that warmed them despite the cold mountain air disappeared suddenly into thick gray clouds. A dense layer of fog crept across the forest floor and down into the glen below. The dim light and thick fog increased the difficulty of locating the fortress. There were no roads or even a small dirt path to assist them, only an unnatural silence. Not a sound came from the forest around them. No animal calls or bird song, not even the flutter of wings, or the buzz of insects. 
Descending into the dark glen, the wind vanished. The ominous silence that followed caused the adventurers to slow their pace. The soft, moist ground and the dark spreading mist swallowed the dull thud of their horses’ footsteps. The beautiful silver trees were gnarled and twisted, their gleam tarnished and gray. The underbrush became thick and unyielding. The adventurers had to retrace their steps several times in the growing bleakness. Their moods darkened with the sky. No one spoke. Hopper urged his horse closer to Sarah’s as they reached the base of the forest valley.
“Look there.” Sarah pointed to a tiny shack that had fallen into decay. “Could that be it?”
Moving toward it, they dismounted a few yards away and stopped to stare at the decrepit ruin.  It was little more than a storage shed with only one door, no windows, and roof of rotten wooden slats. 
      Jack shook his head, “This can’t be it.  Dr. Strong described it as a stronghold.”
“And it stinks!” Hopper added, wrinkling his nose at the overwhelming stench that flowed from the shack and snaked up their nostrils.
“This is it,” Nicole said, moving forward. “I can feel the magic.”
“All I feel is nausea,” Hopper grumbled, backing away. “It smells like something died in there.”
“Something probably did,” Sarah added, quietly. “But I felt something too. A glimmer of warmth, similar to when I cast those first spells.”
“We’ll never know unless we take a look inside,” Nicole said. She reached for the broken door that hung precariously from a rusty hinge.
Jack stepped in front of her, “I should go first.”  
“All right, Barbarian.” Nicole was impressed with his gallantry and stepped aside.
Staring into her eyes, Jack was startled to find they were glowing.  “Are you alright?” he asked, reaching for her.
“Fine,” she answered, brushing his hand aside.
The instant she touched him, the previous night came rushing into his mind. The scent of her, the softness of her skin. The memory of making love by the edge of the brook sent him staggering backward as he fought to maintain control. Her touch had lasted, but an instant and Nicole gave no indication, no acknowledgment of the encounter.
Nicole stared at him, waiting.  Forcing himself to concentrate on the task, Jack pushed the thoughts from his head, yanked open the half hinged door and stepped inside.  Darkness and the vile stench of death greeted him. Jack turned with a devilish smile of anticipated adventure, and motioned for the others to follow. Nicole pulled her short sword free and entered. Sarah opened her book of magic, grabbed Hopper by the front of his fur vest, and pulled him in behind her.
“There’s nothing in here,” Hopper snarled in the darkness.
“How can you tell?” Jack asked. He was unable to see any of them, or anything else, once they cleared the outline of the door.
“I’m a troll?  I can see in the dark,” Hopper snarled again. He snatched a torch from the debris of what appeared to be a rotted table and chairs scattered throughout the small shack.  “Sarah, I’m holding a torch in front of me, can you light it?”
Turning toward the sound of his voice, she began to chant the spell Nicole had taught her back at the lake. The torch flared and glowed with a bright purple light, as did two others on the far wall. The two small tar soaked torches stood on either side of a small doorway that was not quite tall enough for Nicole to pass through without ducking. 
Pulling on the door, Nicole shook her head and glanced around the room. “It’s locked, and there’s no keyhole.” 
Each, in turn, looked to Sarah to provide the answer.  She shrugged coming toward them.  “Why don’t you try knocking?”
Nicole ignored her and dug through the debris around them, pieces of furniture went flying, when Hopper joined in.  “There must be a locking mechanism in here somewhere; we just have to find it.”  
They searched the shack to no avail.  The tiny area consisted of four walls of cracked and rotting wood planks and a dirt floor that gave no indication of a secret door or the source of the incredible stench.
“This is crazy!”  Jack grumbled, heading for the door.  “We’re in the wrong place.  There’s nothing here!”
“No!”  Nicole insisted.  “This is the place.”  She turned to Hopper, “You are the key, Hopper.  Use it.”
Staring down at her, Hopper shook his head confused.  Then in one swift movement, he smiled and charged at the door, throwing his full weight against it.  Hopper sailed through the door, surprised by the frailty of the rotting wood.  He rolled down a flight of winding steps to land on the stone floor at the bottom.  
“Todd?”  Sarah started forward, “Are you alright?”
“This is it!”  He called up brushing the dirt and grime from his hairy limbs “It has to be, there’s a long hallway down here.  It looks like it goes on forever.”



Chapter Eight

The dark leader of the warriors stood beside the Queen’s old wizard staring into the glowing orb as it died when the adventurers disappeared into the bowels of evil. The elder gently wrapped the sight giving treasure in a dark velvet cloth and placed it in a small silver chest on a high shelf.
“My counterspell was effective, but it hasn’t hindered their progress,” the wizard said,  
“If anything, it has aided them,” the younger replied, sitting down at the long stone table.  He slammed his fist onto the table in frustration.
The darkness of the chamber swallowed the echo of his fist. A small candle in the center of the table cast a dim shadow on the elves as they discussed their newest threat. “The barbarian did not change, but is the most affected.” The elder frowned, stroking his long, thin white beard.
“And the elf is Woodland,” the younger cautioned. “That was not expected and is a great concern. They could succeed. “
“No, the troll will turn.  His true nature will soon surface.”  
The younger pushed back from the table picking up his sword as he rose. “They will not reach the cave.”
“There is much you do not understand,” the elder called out to the tall Dark Warrior as he disappeared into the shadows.
	************
The hallway seemed to stretch on forever. The further the adventurers traveled into the tunnels, the more uncertain they became. Before them lay the black void of total darkness. The only sound they could distinguish was that of their own controlled breathing. The stench grew in strength, nearly choking them with its potency. The walls of the tunnel were made of large stone blocks, which never changed. Occasionally it gave way to another long corridor to the left or right with no promise of discoveries or escape.
Jack grabbed Nicole’s arm holding her from another long tunnel. “We’re lost.” 
“No, we’re headed in the right direction, I can feel the magic, it’s all around us. I can tell it’s a talisman... and something else, something that isn’t right,” she insisted.
“Nothing is in here, except the stench we’re swimming in,” Jack snarled, glancing past her. 
Nicole jerking her arm away and turned to continue. “We can’t just stand here in the dark.”  
“We’ve been walking for miles,” Sarah said, “I’m taking a break.”  She sat cross-legged on the black stone floor and leaned back against the wall.  Hopper joined her, producing a small pouch of their breakfast berries.  Jack sat across from them, extended his hand, and looked up at Nicole.  “Sit down.  A few minutes delay won’t take the edge off the adventure, I promise.”
The small group sat quietly in the purple halo of Sarah’s torch eating berries and trying not to think about the source of the stench.  Finished with her snack, Sarah opened her book and searched for something that might help.  
“There’s nothing in here about finding talismans.  What exactly did the boy in the stables say about the treasure at the falls?” she asked, glancing up at Jack and Nicole.
“He said we needed it,” Jack answered, shaking his head. 
Sarah’s face screwed into a knot of confusion, “he didn’t say why?”  
Jack shrugged, “sorry, he wasn’t too articulate.”
“And he smelled like sour horse dung,” Nicole added. “Pretty much the same as this place.”
Staring down at the floor, Sarah concentrated on what the deception of the tunnel could be.  Finding a large crack running across the floor, she ran her fingers along it absent-mindedly.  A silent gasp escaped her as long-legged brown spider slipped through the crack and skittered across the ground. Glancing around, she realized their mistake.
“Todd, which way did we turn at the first side tunnel?” she asked.
Hopper paused a moment straining to remember. “Left, I think.”  
      “Go back down the hall and take a look to the right,” she ordered, scrambling up from the floor.
Hopper rose and jogged back down the corridor to the first open hallway and peered around the corner.  “It’s the steps up to the shack,” he called back to them.
Following him, Jack and Nicole studied the same stone steps they had used to enter the tunnel.  “How can that be?  We haven’t made enough turns to have reversed direction.”  Jack scowled, “Right?”
“We were never more than a few meters from the entrance the entire time,” Sarah announced, from behind them.  “We’re caught in some kind of illusion.”
“So what do we do?”  Hopper asked, pushing past Nicole and Jack as they moved to join Sarah.
“You see this large crack in the floor?  It runs across the hall.  Maybe it’s what we’ve been looking for all along,” Sarah explained. “I saw a big spider climb out of it.  I bet there’s another passage below us.”
Kneeling down to examine it, Jack held his hand over the crack and nodded.  “I can feel the breeze.”
“How do we get in?”  Nicole questioned, starting to examine the walls around them.
Hopper raised his club over his head. “Stand back.”  He hammered on the floor for several minutes with a massive tree limb before surrendering, exhausted.
“Not a mark on it,” Jack said, tracing the border with his fingertips.  “The edges go under the walls, there’s no way to pry it up.”
“Then it’s got to slide to one side or the other,” Nicole added, still examining the walls.  “I can’t find any loose stones that might trigger it.”
“There has to be some way,” Sarah said then started, gagging as the stench suddenly grew overwhelming.
“Behind you!”  Hopper shouted, pushing Nicole to the floor in his attempt to reach Sarah.
Wheeling around, Sarah could see only darkness beyond their dim torch light.  A large black claw reached out, and snatched the Book of Incantations’ from her hands.  Hopper dove over Sarah’s shoulder, shoving her to one side as he slammed into the large, hairy creature.  They disappeared into the darkness, grunting and squealing.  Jack snatched the torch from Nicole and rushed forward, drawing his sword.  Stopping abruptly near the far end of the corridor, Jack found Hopper lying unconscious on the stone floor, his chest covered in blood.
“Todd!”  Sarah screamed. Rushing to his side, she pulled the torch from Jack’s hands and knelt over Hopper to check his wounds. There was a large slash across his chest and a deep wound on the side of his neck.  Handing the torch back to Jack, Sarah tore at her robes and applied pressure to the flow of blood coming from Hopper’s throat. 
“He’s still alive.” Sarah grabbed Nicole’s hand and placed it on Hopper’s neck.  “Keep the pressure on it until I get the bandage secured.”
“What was it?” Nicole looked up at Jack, as he explored the darkness around them.
“I don’t know, but it was big, almost as big as Hopper. I’m going after it.”
“No, we need you to help us get Todd up the stairs,” Sarah ordered as she slipped one of her makeshift bandages under Hopper’s back and across his chest. “I think he may have some broken ribs.”

Jack tossed his sword to Nicole and handed Sarah the torch.  He grabbed Hopper by the shoulders and started to drag him toward the stone steps. “Keep your eyes open.  It may come back.” 
Sarah handed the torch to Nicole, picked up Hopper’s large feet and followed Jack.  As they reached the steps, the stench grew worse, Nicole spun around and brought Jack’s sword to bear just as the creature reached her. She thrust out and upward and severed the clawed hand from the creature.  An ear-piercing screech sent the torch flying. The creature fell to the ground, squirming. It looked like an enormous mass of writhing brown hair.  Behind him, appeared another creature of equal size and strength. It hesitated for only a moment before charging Nicole. 
Using all his might, Jack laid Hopper on to the floor at the top of the stairs and dove back down the stairs to help Nicole.  Jack pushed Sarah up toward Hopper as he passed her.  “Get Hopper out of here!” he yelled while yanking Nicole’s short sword from her belt to attack the nearest of what seemed to be an unending stream of smelly monsters converging on the tiny stairwell.  
The creatures dove sporadically at the pair of warriors, lashing at them with their enormous claws then disappearing into the darkness. Jack and Nicole were unable to force them backward.  Their best effort barely kept the creatures from overtaking them. Backing up toward the stairway, the monsters tore at their legs as they fought to escape.  Sarah appeared at the top of the stone steps chanting. Suddenly a bright purple light flared between them and their attackers, giving them a clear view of the creatures.  Nicole gasped and stumbled up the stairs. The creatures screeched in agony as the flames reached them. Jack crawled up the last few steps, and Nicole pulled him free. 
The two warriors scrambled for the doorway of the shack as Sarah slammed the small door closed and shoved as much debris as she could find in front of it. She found Nicole and Jack lying next to Hopper’s still form. They rested under an unusually thick stand of gnarly trees some distance from the shack. Sarah began to tear at the arms of her robes, making bandages for the deep gashes Jack and Nicole’s arms and legs. As she finished tending their wounds as best she could, Hopper moaned and tried to raise his head.
Sarah rushed to his side. “Todd?  Can you hear me?” Tears welled in her eyes. “It’s Sarah.”
Hopper opened his eyes and stared up at her. “It was... sick,” he murmured, reaching for his neck.
“The tunnel trolls; there was something wrong with them,” Nicole clarified. She leaned back against a small tree they had taken shelter under; her eyes were no longer glowing.
“They were trolls?”  Sarah stammered.  “The smell, it came from them.”
A sense of worry came across Jack as he thought of the implications. “This doesn’t sound good. If they’re sick, they could have infected us.”
Nicole looked at Sarah. “How can we tell?”
Staring back at them, the young sorceress shook her head, dumbfounded. She turned back to help Hopper sit up and checked his wounds. “How do you know they are sick?”
“The smell, for one. That’s not the way I smell,” Hopper answered. He arched his back to test his injuries.  “He felt hot and greasy.”
“They were covered in large sores. It was hard to tell what they had once been,” Nicole added.
“Then how can you be sure they were trolls?” Sarah reasoned jumping up and moving toward the horses.
“They were trolls alright.” Jack followed her, slowly, wincing from the pain of the slash wounds on his arms. “They were almost the same height as Hopper and wore the same type of fur clothing, right down to those furry boots of his.  Add their enormous heads to the mix and what else could they be.”
“Okay, then the sickness could be almost anything, ranging from Chicken Pox to an allergic reaction to fleas or the plague; any of which may or may not be contagious.  I suspect that because we are a different species, and because we’ve had the normal childhood and diseases and inoculations should have nothing to worry about,” Sarah said as she grabbed her horse’s reins and led him into the shade of the trees.  “Besides it’d be a bad business decision to kill off one of your adventurers off with a plague.  Aren’t we supposed to die in battle?”
“Hopper’s the same species as they are,” Jack said. “And I’m not so sure Dr. Strong knows what he’s doing.”  Jack took his horse’s reins from Sarah as she gathered the remaining horses.  “What are you doing?”
“We have to get out of here before those creatures decide to come after us.  We are outnumbered and injured.  It’s crazy to stay.”
“I don’t think they’ll come out of the tunnels,” Hopper offered, appearing beside them.  “They’ve been down there too long.”
Sarah reached up to touch the bandage at his throat. She couldn’t imagine life without him. “Todd, how can you know that?” 
“I could make out some of what they were saying. Those creatures were scared.  They attacked us because we came into their home.”
“All the more reason to leave them alone,” Sarah implored.
“They have your book.”  Nicole’s voice came across the quiet clearing, through the deepening fog.
“And the talisman?”  Jack asked.
“If we go down there, they’ll attack us again.”  Sarah looked to Hopper for assistance.
Jack knew it was the only real option. He just needed to make Sarah understand. “I think that fireball of yours scattered them. Now would be the perfect time to try.”
“Todd,” she pleaded with him. 
“He’s right,” Hopper shook his head swaying slightly.  
“You’re in no condition to go back into that hell hole.”  Sarah pulled him back toward the trees, down on the grass beside her, and checked the wound on his neck.
“I’m just a little dizzy, give me a couple minutes, and I’ll be fine,” Hopper said. 
“The bleeding has stopped, but you need stitches.  How do your ribs feel?”
 “He’s okay, Sarah,” Nicole insisted and headed toward the shack.  “We’ve got to get moving.  The talisman is in there somewhere, and hopefully, your book is with it. They might have even made a nice little meal out of it by now. We know the trick to the maze. That is where we can find the talisman. All we have to do is locate the release for the slab.” She stopped and turned around.
 “We looked everywhere, there isn’t one!” Sarah snapped.
“There’s one place we haven’t checked, and Hopper’s the only one that can reach it,” Nicole answered. “When we stood in the hallway, I could feel the magic; it floated up from the floor like a wave of tingling heat. It’s there, I know it.”
Sarah looked down, closed her eyes and shook her head. She looked into Hopper’s determined face and followed her three limping companions back down into the darkness.  They filled the tunnel with torches from one end to the other. Jack and Nicole stood guard as Hopper examined the ceiling. In a manner of minutes, he located a small rock protruding further than the others and pushed it slowly. Hopper jumped back, knocking the others off their feet just inches clear of the gaping hole left as the stone slab broke apart and fell without a sound into the darkness.
Shoving a torch into the large hole, they discovered a small room surrounding a seemingly endless crater in the center of the chamber.  Nicole grabbed the edge of the pit and swung herself into the chamber.  She reached up and took the torch from Jack.  Hopper insisted on guarding them from above. Jack and Sarah followed Nicole.  A soft breeze came out of the dark crater brushing against the sky like the last breath of a dying man. They searched the remains of a small chamber, careful to stay clear of the abyss.  Near the edge of the room was a series of small wooden shelves, filled with crumbling books and charts. Sarah froze when she spied The Rook of Conjugation, safely nestled in among the decaying texts. Could it be? A guide for her magic, so easily found?
She slowly pulled the book from the shelf and gently examined the rest of the books on the shelf. Each book disintegrated at her touch, giving no indication of whom or what had hidden them there. Nicole silently motioned for them to join her on the other side of the chamber. From under the remains of a small wooden bed, she produced a small wooden chest, similar to the one they found under the waterfall.
“This is it,” Nicole said. She felt triumphant, and her eyes began to take on the soft green glow once more. This time Sarah could feel the magic radiate out from a small wooden box.  Nicole tucked it inside her belt reached up for Hopper’s hand and disappeared back up into the tunnel.
“Hurry, they’re coming,” Hopper called down and reached back into the pit. “They’re not afraid of the torches.”  
Sarah climbed up beside Nicole, her heart pounding out of fear of coming face to face with the disease-ridden trolls. They raced for the steps while Hopper pulled Jack clear of the stone chamber. Snarls sounded from behind them as they reached the door and rushed into the shack.  
“Light it up!” Hopper yelled to Sarah as they ran for the door.
The same chant she’d used earlier in the pit came flooding back to her. Within seconds, the shack burst into flames as with screams of rage rose from within. Adrenaline pumping from their close call, they mounted their horses and galloped toward the crest of the glen. Night would soon fall. They were determined to be as far away from the sorrowful creatures of the tunnel as possible.



“The entrance to the cave is back in the valley with the trolls.” Sarah stretched out on the cool grass grateful for the warmth of the morning sunlight. “It’s impossible to tell how extensive the tunnels run. They could be connected to the Cave of Sorrows. The entire mountain range is riddled with caverns. We could run into them again at any time.”
Hopper scratched at the itchy bumps on his hairy arms. Glancing over at the map Sarah had just examined he moaned, “Then I better get a bigger club... and a flea collar. I feel like an old couch in an abandoned pet store. I swarming with fleas, I’m infested.”
“Go take a bath in the stream.”  Sarah feigned a look of disgust and leaned slightly away from him.
“We’re on top of a mountain.  Do you know how cold that water is?” Hopper whined, scratching the back of his neck.
Sarah shot him a serious look, “If you want to sleep next to me tonight, you’ll get rid of them.”  
Skulking toward the brook that ran alongside their camp, Hopper dove into the icy water and scratched at his fur trying to drown every flea on his body.  
Having overheard the conversation, Jack stifled a smile and sat down on the grass next to Nicole. He watched her reexamined the small jewel covered.
“Give it up,” Jack advised, “We blew it. The box is empty there’s no talisman.”
“No,” Nicole glared at Jack.
“Someone beat us to it,” Jack reasoned, sliding his arm around her.
Irritated by his willingness to call it quits, she shoved him away. “That’s impossible.  Why don’t you give me a hand instead of trying to distract me?  I do not have time to play.  Your primal desires are going to have to wait.” Nicole glared at him then turned back to the chest.
“What’s with you? Last night you couldn’t keep your hands off me. Today, all I get is cold stares and arguments.”
“I’m sorry Jack.” Nicole turned back to him. She released a deep breath she didn’t realize she been holding. “I don’t want to go in there again. Hopper can’t take another fight, and we are running out of time. This has to be what we are looking for. It’s just another illusion like the tunnel.”
“What about last night?” Jack asked softly. “Was that an illusion?”
  Nicole’s expression softened, “No, it was real to me, and it was wonderful, Jack. But, can you honestly say we actually made love? After all, this is a fantasy.”
He frowned and pulled her close, nuzzling her neck. “Last night was the most incredible experience of my life, and I’d like to repeat it as many times as possible.”
“That’s what I mean, Jack. It was too incredible to believe.” She kissed him on the cheek. Jack felt heat surge through his body as the memory of the previous evening flooded his mind. “Everyone has an image of the perfect lover,” Nicole continued. “Last night you were mine, and I was yours.  But was my perfect lover really you, or someone my mind fabricated, with the help of Dr. Strong?”
“It was me.” Jack tightened his arms around her. The silk caress of her hair against his arms made him shiver. “Dr. Strong is not in control of our every move. You said so yourself.”
“Jack, I’m not trying to destroy what happened last night. I’m just trying to understand it.” Nicole caressed his cheek with the back of her fingertips.
“Don’t try to understand it, Nicole. Just believe it,” Jack whispered, kissing her deeply.  “It was me. Maybe you are just a bit embarrassed by the thought of us making love on the floor of that obstacle course with Dr. Strong looking on.  “
“I admit, the idea of his voyeurism has occurred to me and strangely enough, it doesn’t bother me at all.” She whispered, snuggling close to him.
“Then maybe what you need is to stop over analyzing and listen to reason.”  
“All right, if it will make you feel better, I’ll stop thinking about it all together. All of these so-called analytics are giving me a headache.” She leaned in to kiss him, but stopped. Shaking her head, she turned back to the box. ‘‘That’s it! I’m over analyzing!  Everything about the troll’s tunnel was a deception. It wasn’t what we expected.  We worked too hard to find something that was right in front of our eyes.”
Drawing the small knife from Jack’s belt, Nicole tested each jewel embedded in the top of the chest with its point. Only one came away at her urging, the large oblong gem in the center. Hidden below the sparkling black crystal was a long brass chain attached to the top of the gem by a tiny pewter gargoyle. “The talisman,” she declared with triumph.

Chapter Nine

The adventurers headed back into the swirling mist of the trolls’ valley with the glow of the evening sun disappearing behind them. Hopper, free of his infestation, led the silent riders toward the long, deep gorge the map displayed. The entrance to the cavern was located at the base of a large ravine. That was where they would find the Cave of Sorrows. A thick mist greeted them as they neared the remains of the charred shack. 
 The silence of the forest sent chills through Jack. It reminded him of the sensation Shala had given him that night in the clinic. What was it about her touch that sent such icy heat through him? Why was he secretly grateful for the old doctor’s intrusion on their plans? Was it possible that Dr. Strong knew about Shala’s promise to ‘entertain’ him?  Either way, Jack couldn’t shake the feeling that Dr. Strong had rescued him from some unknown disaster.
Shala and Homun did not fit Dr. Strong’s world. Perhaps they had been patients of his once.  Homun certainly seemed strange enough to be under psychological counseling, and there was something unusual about Shala. Shaking off the eerie sensation that the curvy blonde-haired woman was hovering over him waiting to pounce on Jack’s sleeping form, Jack searched the mist for signs of the elfin warriors. Several times Hopper motioned for them to stop, tilting his head; he would listen to the silence that threatened to smother them. Each time Sarah’s eyes would dart anxiously through the forest. Jack worried she would pass out from fright at any moment.
Jack caught sight of something large moving in the shadows of the mist, parallel to their trail. It disappeared before Jack could speak. He kept his silence, no sense in upsetting Sarah any further. Yet the shadow continued to follow them, sneaking through the gnarled trees. Jack caught brief glimpses of its existence, teasing him, taunting him to pursue. Something inside warned him not to rush into battle in the darkness of the mist.  He would wait for it to show itself. If it showed itself. Jack hoped it was just his imagination.
“Todd, I think we’re traveling in circles,” Sarah said as she moved her horse closer to the blonde troll. “That stand of trees looks familiar, and I think that’s the same thicket we passed over an hour ago.”
“Honestly, I can’t see anything in this fog,” he admitted. “Why don’t we find a place to sleep and start fresh in the morning?  The mist should clear by then.”
Nicole nodded, in agreement.  “That cluster of trees is in a hollow.  It’s as good a place as any.”
They headed for the trees, dismounted and made camp. The fog had finally grown too thick for enemies to spy a fire. Sarah cast her fire spell on a pile of wood Hopper gathered so they could warm themselves. Jack made a bow using a long thin branch and hair from his horse’s tail, then went in search of wild game. Nicole silently followed him into the night.  He ventured a mere three meters into the darkness when a jackrabbit dashed out of the underbrush  
Jack sent an arrow through its heart. Nicole rushed to the kill and deftly pulled the arrow from its body. “Thank you,” she whispered, and they returned to camp.    	
Nicole tossed the rabbit to Hopper. He skinned it deftly and placed it on a makeshift spit, consisting of two large forked sticks leaning over the fire. They ate in silence; fatigue and muscle ache consumed them. When the last of the rabbit disappeared and the remainder of the berries and nuts eaten, Sarah and Hopper nestled together against a large fir tree, a short distance from the flames.
“Have you checked that dense patch of brush behind you, Hopper?” Jack asked, gazing past them from his perch on a small log.
“Checked it for what?” Hopper yawned and stretched his long back then pulled Sarah back into his arms.
“Trolls, snakes, badgers, wild boars...” 
“Is our little adventure finally getting to you, Barbarian?”  Nicole teased from across the fire.
“No, I just thought that might be a good hiding place for a bear or something,” Jack stammered trying not to sound paranoid. 
“Is there something you’re not telling us?” Sarah asked softly as she leaned forward staring at him.
Gazing into the fire, Jack silently assessed their situation. “I’m not sure, but I think something has been following us. I caught sight of it in the shadows a while back.”
“What is it?” Nicole asked, rising to throw another log on the fire.
Jack explained, “I’m not sure; it stays back out of sight. I’ve only been able to catch glimpses of it. It’s big, and there could be more than one, I’m not sure. It doesn’t always walk upright. I can’t tell you any more, all I’ve seen are shadows.”
Hopper shifted, leaning closer into the conversation and asked, “When was the last time you saw it and why didn’t you say something before” Sarah slid off his lap and onto the grass beside him.
Jack rose and met Nicole’s eyes. “I thought it was my imagination, that I was just overly cautious.  I haven’t seen anything since we broke for camp.”
“That explains why the hair on the back of my neck was standing on end,” Hopper said. 
Nicole stood up ready to take control of the situation. “I’ll take the first watch. Get some sleep; I’ll wake you if anything comes near.”
Sarah moved closer to the fire and opened her book. She knew she needed to be ready for any challenge that presented itself. Turning the delicate pages one by one, she glanced over the incantations to re-familiarize herself with the scope of her powers.
“How about you and me checking out that patch of brush?” Hopper said to Jack. 
Jack and Hopper headed into the thicket, taking two thin logs from the fire for torches. The dampness inside the underbrush took Hopper by surprise. Moisture clung to his fur. He thrust his makeshift torch ahead of him and continued to move inside. The thin line of bushes was quickly pushed aside to reveal the narrow entrance to a cave in the side of the knoll. The triumph of their discovery fueled the two friends with renewed energy. Retracing their steps they headed back to inform the women they had found the entrance to the cave.
“I guess Dr. Strong’s taken pity on us,” Hopper said.
“Or you had a better idea of where you were going than you realized,” Jack countered as they cleared the brush and glanced around.  
Sarah sat before the fire studying her book, Nicole was nowhere in sight. Looking up, she smiled and beckoned them near. “I’ve found the incantation to set the Elf Queen free.  There’s an emancipation spell that sounds right.”
“Great!  We found the entrance,” Hopper announced, “It is right behind the brush.”  
“Where’s Nicole?” Jack interrupted, searching the darkness surrounding them.
Sarah frowned as her thoughts returned to her conversation with Nicole. “She insisted on taking a look around. I told her it was a bad idea and reminded her we were supposed to stay together, but she wouldn’t listen.”
“Which way did she go?” Jack asked. 
“Calm down, she can take care of herself. She promised she’d stay within hearing distance.”  
“I’m going after her. You keep your eyes open. If anything happens head for the cave.” Jack pulled his sword free of its sheath and headed in the direction Nicole disappeared.
“Should I go with him?” Hopper asked, staring after him.
“No, Jack can handle it. Sit down and relax.” Sarah tugged at his hand.
“Tell me about the spell,” Hopper asked as he settled down beside her.


The mist caressed Jack, embracing him with its musty scent as layers of moisture seeped into clothing. The coolness sank into his muscles sending them into spasms of protest against the further strain of his search. The twisted trees thickened as he entered an area of small knolls and hollows. Climbing the embankment, Jack followed an unknown path, not thinking, only searching. The trees grew sparse, revealing a small glen carpeted with tall grass. The moon broke through the thin layer of clouds to reveal a white fog laying low along the length of the glen. The silence of the forest gave way to the songs of its creatures. Jack realized his search had ended.
In the center of the flowing grass, Nicole stood, swaying to the music of the forest. Jack stood at the edge of the glen, frozen at the sight of the dark nymph dancing in the pale light. Her movements, subtle at first, changed to a graceful array of swirling limbs as she moved slowly across the glen. She danced as if making love to the darkness, offering her delicate talent to the gods of the night. Her long ebony hair swirled around her as their eyes met.  Jack’s breath left him as her glowing emerald eyes searched his.
Silently, ceasing her dance of enchantment, she reached out a delicate arm toward him.  Without hesitation, he crossed the glen and took her in his arms. Her kiss burned like fire, he pulled back, uncertain. What was the magic she held over him? Since the first time, Tom brought her to their apartment. Jack was mesmerized. As Tom and Nicole grew closer, Jack found himself avoiding the apartment. Finally, he got his own place hoping the distance would lessen his attraction to his best friend’s girl. It didn’t work, nothing could relieve the fever he held for her. She gazed up at Jack, her eyes compelling him back toward her. They fell into the mist as their lips met, oblivious to all that surrounded them.


Hopper gazed into the fire as he gathered Sarah in his arms and pulled her against him. “This was supposed to be the perfect adventure…” he began, quietly.
“But then you were turned into a troll instead of a warrior elf,” Sarah finished his sentence for him.
“You’ve got to admit, I’m not one of the best-looking guys you’ve met today,” Hopper said, twirling her curly red hair around a long black claw.
“I don’t care what you look like, Todd.  You’re still the same old hockey jock to me.”  Sarah snuggled into his muscular chest.
“I’d planned something special for this journey.  Something I’ve been planning for a long time,” Hopper whispered. He cupped her chin in his hand and turned her face toward him.  “I hope you understand why I can’t see it through like this.”
“What could be so important that how you look would affect it so drastically?” she asked.
“I’ve never been able to express how much I care about you, Sarah. The words I love you can't describe the depth of emotion I feel.  I thought this weekend I could finally show you how deeply I care about you.”
“There’s no doubt in my mind how much you love me, Todd.  I see it in your eyes every time you look at me.”  Sarah sat up and turned to face him.  “Actually I was going to tell you this weekend, I’m ready to take our relationship to another level.”
Hopper pulled her to him and kissed her deeply.  ‘‘The truth is... I was going to propose.”
Sarah leaned forward and whispered, “What’s stopping you?”
“It doesn’t bother you that our memories of this moment could be overshadowed by the fact that I look like a bobble head Big Foot?”  Hopper stared at her, unsure.
 “We’ll have the most original, romantic, tale of ‘love conquers all’ to tell our grandkids.”  Sarah kissed his forehead.
Hopper pulled the beautiful blue-eyed sorceress to her feet, and knelt before her.
“Sarah Sims, the most beautiful woman in the world, you are my life, the only woman that I will ever, could ever love. Would you do me the great honor of becoming my wife?”
“Yes, even if you stay a troll forever,” Sarah answered reaching down to caress his cheek.
Letting out a whoop that echoed through the valley, Hopper leaped forward and took her into his arms, completely unaware of the approaching shadow.



The darkness deepened, sending icy ripples of danger throughout Nicole’s petite form. She could feel the presence of another lurking nearby. Dressing quickly, she left Jack asleep on the grass and moved toward the stand of trees at the edge of the glen.
A tall, ancient looking elf emerged from the shadows as she neared. His long velvet robes, similar to Sarah’s, flowed like silk on the wind across the low-lying mist. He was a sorcerer, yet his eyes were soft and guileless. Long white hair stretched out to encompass his shoulders and arms. His high cheekbones and pointed ears told her all she needed to know. He was with their pursuer.
He waited patiently for her to approach.  Her elfin senses found no danger.  This could not be an evil wizard they wanted to avoid.  Yet the suspicion lingered inside.
She stopped mere inches before him. “What do you want from me?”  
“Freedom,” he answered, quietly.  A light breeze came from behind.  His long white hair flowed at its touch.
“You are unencumbered, I see no need to assist you,” she stated, taking in his midnight blue eyes.
“I seek your assistance none the less.”  His voice was calm.  Wisdom seemed to radiate from him.
‘‘In what way?”  She hesitated, still unsure if he was to be trusted. Out of caution, she took a step backward.
“Deliverance,” he whispered, closing the gap between them.
Nicole held her ground, her face screwed into a knot of disgust. “You wish me to rescue you?”  
“To rescue us all.” He answered searching her eyes.
Nicole rolled her eyes, “From whom?”
‘‘From the evil that threatens to consume this land and all who dwell within.” The wizard’s eyes narrowed as he spoke. “The one that sent you here has deceived you, as he has many others before you.”
“Dr. Strong?” She smiled coldly; this character was a fancy talking, trickster.
“Puissant, as he is called here. He is evil.”
“You are a deceiver,” Nicole countered.
“He was banished from this land.” 
“Just as the Elf Queen was I suppose.”
“Queen Briees is unharmed and living in the comfort of her palace.”  
“You lie!” Nicole reached out and took hold of the front of his robes. “I am here to end your reign of terror. I will free the Queen and break your hold over her warriors.  “
“I am the Queen’s brother. I am her protector, tutor of the Prince, sorcerer, only for their protection.” His calm nature was unnerving. However, Nicole was thoroughly enjoying the repartee. He was becoming the best part of this adventure.
“Fabricator of tales, propagator of deceit.”  Nicole refused to release him.
“You will find only death in the Cave of Sorrows.  It would be a genuine pity.  Your people cannot afford to suffer such a great loss.  There is merely a handful of Woodland elves left to walk these mountains.  You may well be the last female among them.  That is why you have appeared.  Not to free the creature, but to continue the woodland heritage.  I see that now.  My magic has worked its own will.  I have made you what you are.  You would have been lost as a sorceress.”
“What?”  Nicole stammered.
“A woodland elf has been hiding inside you all of your life.  The unexplained anger you have felt since birth was the elfin magic, trying to surface.”  He raised his hand, and a spark lit the air.  The vision of their arrival filled the ball of light before her.  Nicole saw herself screaming with rage and shoving the others from her.
“My spell shifted your transformation, freed your magic.  Freed your true spirit.  Only here were you able to battle your fears, ambitions and the disappointments of your real life.  Only here can you be truly happy.  Free the creature in the Cave of Sorrows, and you will return to a life you were never meant to lead.”
“There is no creature in that cave. We are here to free the elf queen you have imprisoned there.” Nicole shoved him backward as she released her grip. “Your lies do not affect me, old man.” She pulled her short sword from her belt and held it to his throat. 
“Move on or die.”
“It would be wise to listen to me,” he answered.
“I take it by your resistance that you choose death,” she spat. Her determination to overcome his lies rose with a surge of fury through her body.
“I will leave you, but heed my warning. Your peril begins here and will end in death if you continue toward your goal. The only way to freedom is through me.”
“We will continue, and we will succeed.” Nicole moved toward him, watching as he moved back into the shadows. 


Hopper’s head snapped back as he was yanked from Sarah’s arms. A giant black lizard-like beast with a long snout buried its teeth into the back of his neck, and he screamed in pain. Sarah stood frozen in horror. The lizard threw Hopper across the hollow, and he rolled down the embankment like a child’s rag doll. Hopper landed on his feet and turned to meet the charge of the lizard, ignoring the pain and blood that flowed down his shoulders.
Its snout snapped viciously as it neared. Firelight reflected off its long razor-like teeth.  It rose on its short back legs and raced across the clearing, its thick tail flicked like a whip in its wake. The lizard locked onto Hopper’s legs, diving under him, sending them both rolling back down the embankment and into the dying embers of the fire. Tumbling with the serpent, Hopper managed to encircle its thick throat with his hands.  The long black snout swung from side to side, biting at his face and arms as Hopper attempted to strangle the lizard. Crawling on top Hopper sat on its chest and continued to squeeze, digging his claws into its thick scaly flesh. Shifting its long body with a jerk, the lizard thrust the sting of its tail into Hopper’s eyes, sending him reeling as his vision darkened with blood.
Sarah’s screams filled the air as the lizard jumped onto Hopper’s back and used its massive jaws to shred the flesh of his already blood soaked back. The shrill howl it emitted stung Sarah’s ears jolting her into action.
A spell! Use a spell to save Hopper! Sarah snatched up her book and tore it open. She screamed the first incantation she came across. The serpent jerked, dropping Hopper as it turned to stare at the sorceress who screeched words of magic. Falling to the ground it began to writhe, shrieking in pain. As she watched, the lizard squirmed in agony. Large open sores covered its body, its claws and tail began to decay from the potency of her spell. In its anguish, it rose and charged her. 
Not fully recovered from his battle with the tunnel troll, Hopper’s strength was failing. Still, he knew, if the lizard reached Sarah, she would be dead in an instant. Forcing his body to move, he grabbed the lizard’s back legs. The lizard turned and lunged at Hopper. It grabbed Hopper’s arm, crushing it in its jaws and threw him against the large fir tree.
Dropping the book, Sarah ran forward terrified for Hopper. The lizard turned, its snout was dripping with blood. It hissed and charged. Without a word, Sarah threw her fire spell at the lizard and screamed in rage. Her cry merged with another as Nicole dove into the serpent, her small sword flashing. Jack tackled Sarah knocking her out of the lizard’s path and dragging her further from the battle. 
“Get Hopper to the cave!” he yelled, shoving her toward the motionless figure lying in the grass. Sarah raced to his side and lifted Hopper to his feet, pulling and dragging him toward the thicket. Behind her, the brutal sounds of battle escalated as her friends sought to destroy the lizard. Plunging into the brush, she vowed to place Hopper out of harms reach and return to help them. Finding the entrance to the cave, she cast a spell of light Hopper helped her memorize. The small cave filled with a soft white light. She gasped at the sight of Hopper. His blonde fur turned red as the gash in his neck seeped blood with each heartbeat. His nearly severed left arm hung loosely at the elbow as blood flowed freely from it.
Forgetting the others, Sarah ripped the hood off her robe and bound his arm tightly to stop the flow of blood.  She pushed the soft fabric into his neck wound and held it there against the flow of blood.  
“Dr. Strong!” Sarah screamed, “It’s over. I’m done! End this now!”  Her only answer was the echo of her scream. “You cannot allow Todd to continue!” Still, only echoes replied. “I’ll sue you for every penny you own!” She screamed as horror stabbed at her heart like a hot poker. Something was terribly wrong.  Was Todd actually injured?  Was Dr. Strong so involved with Hopper’s wounds that he couldn’t bring them back? Was the blood she saw real? What was happening? Fighting back the tears, Sarah battled Hopper’s injuries and prayed that she had not become so involved in the fantasy that she had lost her mind.


“It’s belly!” Jack yelled across the dying embers of the fire. “Go for the soft skin of its stomach!” Without hesitation, Nicole slid under the serpent and slashed at the gray skin of its stomach while she rolled free. 
“Quit the acrobatics and kill it!” Jack yelled as he ran forward.
Nicole jumped back and allowed Jack to move toward the snarling creature. “It’s a creature of magic; you shouldn’t have sent Sarah away. Once she calmed down she could have killed it,” she yelled, over the serpent howls of rage.
“A sword in the gut is as good as any spell,” Jack said diving on the serpent and pulling back its snout. His sword landed at Nicole’s feet. She grabbed it and shoved the long sword deep into its belly.
The black creature gasped, jerked, then fell silent at Nicole’s feet. She yanked the sword free and handed it back to Jack. A shout of fury came from the darkness. They glanced up to see the elf warriors charge into the hollow, weapons drawn. Sheathing his sword, Jack grabbed Nicole’s arm and ran for the thicket. They dove inside and raced for the narrow entrance of the cave. 
They found Sarah just inside the cave leaning over Hopper’s blood-soaked body.  Jack stared blankly at Hopper, so stricken he couldn’t move.
Nicole took control, “The game is over.” She gasped, fearing Jack was right about their host. “Dr. Strong has lost control, and the elves are coming. We have to assume that whatever happens to us at this point is as real to our minds and the damage is to our bodies. Let’s get Hopper deeper into the cave.”  
Jack glanced toward the entrance and turned back to Sarah. “You’ve got to block the passage.”
“I don’t have my book.” She stammered, shaking her head.
“You’ve read every spell in that book at least a dozen times. You can remember. You’re a sorceress!” Jack knelt down, and took her gently by the shoulders. “Hopper’s life may depend on it!”  
Sarah rose and stared at Nicole and added, “I told Strong to bring us out, and he didn’t respond. This was supposed to be a vacation.”
“Does it look like Hopper’s having a good time?” Nicole answered, softly.
Sarah glanced down at Hopper. He was dying. She took a deep breath and turned to Nicole. “Nicole, wrap his shoulder, very tightly.” She ordered, and she turned toward the entrance. “Keep the pressure on his neck, Jack.”
Sarah moved closer to the entrance. The sounds of the warriors searching the brush grew louder as Sarah recalled the fire spell she had used in the tunnels. She chanted the strange words and felt the magic surge up inside her. A purple flame flared and burned growing larger to keep the Elves at bay. She searched the magic, still strong within her for another spell. Rising to her consciousness, it came to her. A spell of disaster.  
“Move Todd further into the cave!” She yelled back to them over the roar of the fire. She began the chant and slowly backed away from the entrance. 
The magic tingled and grew within her, stronger that it had ever been before. Sarah felt the power surge through her, captivating her senses. The walls of the cave began to crumble. The entrance filled with dust and sand, followed by a deafening shower of rock.
Moving quickly away from the avalanche of boulders, Sarah cast a light spell in front of them. They struggled to carry Hopper’s unconscious form as they began the search for a place to rest. Venturing further into the cave, they walked until the narrow passageway gave way to a large chamber that allowed them to lay Hopper on a patch of sand bordering a small stream. 
“He’s dying!” Sarah sobbed, “How can this be happening?”
“He’s going to be fine,” Nicole soothed, “The battle has gotten out of hand, and that’s all.  We should be in the last hour or so of our adventure. Dr. Strong gave us a hypnotic suggestion that the fantasy will end once we free the Elf Queen.”
“Nicole,” Jack said, “Strong sent us into a fantasy he cannot control. The stress of managing four minds must be too much for him. You said so yourself, we are his test group.”
Nicole shook her head violently. “That’s not likely. He just wants us to believe he’s lost control to add to the excitement.”
Sarah interrupted Nicole, “Then why is it that I’ve asked him, begged him several times to end the fantasy and he has not? I’m beginning to think I’ve lost my mind and this nightmare is real.” 
“You’re as sane as I am,” Jack countered. “Maybe Nicole’s right. Maybe Strong can’t end the fantasy until we finish the quest.”
“Then let’s get it done and get the hell out of here!” Sarah spat between clenched teeth.
“You’ll have to go on without me,” Hopper said regaining consciousness. With a grunt, he tried to rise.
“I won’t leave you behind.” Sarah sobbed as she kneeled to embrace him. She brushed the scraggly hair back from his face and began to examine his wounds.
“Stuff me under a ledge and find the elf queen.  I’ll only slow you down,” Hopper insisted, falling back onto the sand. “I don’t even have the strength to sit up; you’d have to carry me.”
“Nicole, head down that passage to the right and check for another cave,” Jack ordered, nodding at Hopper.
“I won’t leave him!” Sarah rose to face Jack.
Jack’s voice softened as he stepped closer to Sarah. “There’s a ledge on the other side of the stream, he can hide in the shadows if anyone appears. They won’t see him by torchlight.” Jack reached for her hand. “We’ll travel twice as fast without him. We don’t want those wounds opening up again. Do you really want to force him to endure the pain of being dragged through the caverns?”
Sarah stared at Jack in silence then she turned to Hopper and said, “You promise to stay put?”
“Yes, ma’am.” He smiled, weakly and reached up to squeeze her hand. His hand felt like ice.  
Sarah tried to smile and whispered, “We’ll free the Queen as fast as we can, then the adventure will be over,” Sarah said as much for Hopper’s benefit as her own. She was the one with the magic to free the Queen. As desperately as she wanted to stay with Hopper, she had to continue on.
Nicole returned and smiled softly at her injured friend. “There’s an enormous cavern with several passages a few meters into the tunnel.”
They carried Hopper across the shallow stream and placed him on a small stretch of sand under the rock ledge just above the water line. Sarah kissed him deeply and ripped the bottom half of her robe off at the knees, placing it over him. 
Hopper whispered to her, “Promise me you won’t tear off any more of your robes until you get back. They’re looking a bit skimpy at the moment.” 
Sarah smiled as she covered his chest and arms. “I love you,” she whispered, turning to follow the others to the next cavern. The light vanished as Sarah disappeared into the tunnel leaving Hopper in total darkness. Sarah glanced back and said a quick prayer that the adventure was under control and that Todd would be okay. If he believed he was dying under hypnosis what would happen?

Chapter Ten

Sarah and Nicole searched each passageway as Jack examined the walls of the cave; there was no sign of a crystalline formation. After what seemed like hours, Nicole forced herself through a narrow fissure in the wall of another tunnel. A cold breeze wafted through the crack, urging her forward. The narrow tunnel ended in a chamber of crystalline rock. Sarah threw her light spell to illuminate the chamber, and the room came alive from the sparkling reflection of the crystal. In the center of the crystal stood the frozen image of the Elf Queen.
“This is it!” she called through the crack. She’s here and she gorgeous!” Nicole gazed in awe at the golden haired elf. The Queen was dressed in a gold gown encased in what looked like rose quartz. Nicole moved to touch the surface of the pink crystal only to jerk her hand back in shock and pain. The beautiful, frigid rock burned her fingers.  
A commotion from behind her caught her attention. The tunnel walls collapsed section by section into piles of rubble. Once the dust began to settle, Jack and Sarah climbed over the debris and into the chamber.
“You’re getting good at that.” Nicole grinned at Sarah as the sorceress examined the queen’s enclosure.
Jack caught a slight movement out of the corner of his eye and spun to face it. He surged forward; jumping passed them to yank the ancient elf wizard out from behind a large rock.  “Who are you?” Jack demanded, shoving him toward the women.
“My name is Ahmity; I am here to warn you,” he answered, gazing past Jack toward Nicole.
“He’s the wizard that imprisoned the Queen! Kill him and let’s finish this,” Nicole spat, tired of his interference.
Jack stared at Nicole in surprise. “There’s been enough death in this adventure.”
“Give us your warning and leave,” Sarah ordered pulling the talisman from her robes.  
Unsettled by the sight of the jewel the wizard stammered, “That is a device of darkness. Do not use the talisman! You will kill us all!”
“Leave us, old man. Before Nicole takes it upon herself to end your life,” Jack warned as he released him. 
“It is merely an image of the Elf Queen before you,” the wizard explained, “The beast that lurks inside the crystal is a creature more powerful than the greatest of our wizards. Filled with such evil it will render everything in this land void of life.” The wizard moved toward Sarah, who ignored him. “Surely, as a student of magic you realize that a creature of such power, once released, would seek the darkest of revenge on those who imprisoned it?”
“Your fears or lies, whatever they may be, are useless. I am here to complete our quest and save the life of someone dear to me. The repercussions are not my concern. If you fear the Queen’s vengeance, then I suggest you flee while you still can.” Sarah glanced at him and raised the talisman over her head. She began the deliverance chant feeling the magic rise within her vanish. “It’s not working!”
The wizard answered her. “It is not meant to be, child. Puissant has sent you here to free the creature and begin the cycle of his return. He holds only hatred for the Queen,”
“Who the hell is Puissant?” Jack growled.
“Save your whimpering, old man,” Sarah snapped as she turned to Nicole. “I was supposed to do this as a fairy. Dr. Strong said only ancient magic could activate the talisman. You’re a special kind of elf...”
“Tell me what to say.” Nicole took the stone from Sarah.
“No!” The wizard gasped moving forward only to have Jack yank him back from Nicole and shove him toward the tunnel. The wizard spun and yelled at them. “It will destroy our world and return Puissant from yours to rule over the few creatures who survive its wrath.”
“Do it!” Jack ordered Nicole, and pushed the wizard closer to the exit. 
Suddenly, a dark blur knocked Jack from his feet as the Dark Warrior darted from the cave entrance and to stop Nicole.  
“Look out!” Sarah shouted, giving Nicole the split second she needed to avoid the deadly blow from his sword. Diving to the side, she tucked her head and rolled free of the charging warrior. The attack stopped instantly as Sarah jumped between them. The Dark Warrior stood before her, his chest heaving.  
His eyes locked on to Sarah’s. His voice though calm and even was dark and menacing. “I will not allow the creature to be freed. I wish you no harm, but your friend will die if another attempt is made.”
Jack rose slowly, gauging the warrior’s skill. He recalled the force of the blows from the dark elf in the hollow before Sarah’s creature appeared. That elf was skilled, fearless, and incredibly strong. Jack wasn’t sure he could defeat him. Maybe he didn’t have to. Jack glanced at the old man just in time to watch his image fade into nothingness. 
Turning toward the Dark Warrior, Jack stepped forward and offered a challenge. “That’s where you are dead wrong,” He threatened, moving closer. “This is where I come in. I’m here to see that nothing stands in her way.”
Tearing his eyes from the beautiful sorceress, the Dark Warrior turned to face Jack. His voice penetrated Jack like a blast of ice, “You should have listened to the wizard.”

The sounds of battle reached Hopper’s troll ears in the small cave.  The seriousness of his injuries seemed to have activated his senses.  His sense of hearing and smell became very acute, like wolf hunting in the darkness.  Struggling to rise, Hopper climbed off of the small ledge and rose to his feet.  Feeling a portion of his strength returning, he steadied himself. Every inch of his oversized body throbbed in pain as he waded through the water, toward the sounds of striking metal. His long legs carried him through the maze of tunnels and caverns the others had searched so diligently. He could smell the scent of Sarah and followed it. The sounds of combat grew as he neared, each strike of metal throbbed in his temples, sending ripples of pain through his head. His head began to pound, his vision blurred.  He forced himself to press on. Sarah was in danger.
Climbing over the remains of the narrow tunnel, Hopper made it to the cavern where the battle was taking place. He fell to his knees and slammed into the rock wall as his strength left him. Helpless, he watched Jack fight to keep the Dark Warrior away from Nicole and Sarah while they worked to free the Queen. Sarah whispered the spell of emancipation to Nicole a few words at a time. It was difficult for Nicole to concentrate as her heart longed to battle beside Jack.
Jack had met his equal. The Dark Warrior anticipated his every move with such agility and power that Jack was quickly overwhelmed. Sweat poured from Jack’s brow, and his muscles ached with fatigue. Already exhausted from his experience in the glen and with the lizard-monster, he felt the battle turn against him.  
Forming the strange words, which flew off her tongue like a lover’s kiss, Nicole felt the magic flow through her into the jewel. The light in the cave started to dim, the pink crystalline enclosure began to hum.  It seemed as if the gem was absorbing the magic from the crystal itself. The jewel began to glow rising from Nicole’s hands and floating in the air above her as she repeated the words Sarah spoke. The jewel’s aura grew, encompassing the small chamber in its dark purple light. 
Something inside Nicole screamed over and over again for her to stop. The urgency of it terrified her, but she could no longer control the words that flowed from her. In an explosion of darkness, the gem shattered the pale crystal and released the Elf Queen.
Thrown across the floor by the blast, Nicole and Sarah untangled themselves and rose in the darkness. The frantic feeling within Nicole still screamed of danger. Sarah called upon the incantation of light and the chamber filled with an eerie soft green glow. The Dark Warrior, his battle forgotten, turned to face his new foe, one he knew he could not defeat.
The golden-haired Queen floated into the center of the chamber. Her long curling locks flowed about her delicate pink gown as she landed gracefully on the stone. Her large almond-shaped eyes sparkled coldly at the Dark Warrior. Sarah fought off the shiver that ran down her spine as the lifeless eyes turned to her. Frowning, Nicole moved forward filled with the sudden need to protect Sarah. Jack stepped into her path, unsettled by the icy gaze of the Queen before them. 
The Dark Warrior turned to Sarah with death in his eyes. “You’ve killed us all,” he scowled in a voice so soft Sarah could barely hear him, and then turned to attack the Queen.
As the warrior’s sword rose, the Queen’s image turned into a dark, nearly black, shade of purple and melted away to reveal a faceless black tar-like creature with clawed arms and stout cat-like legs. It rose in stature high above them. Without hesitation, Jack joined in the assault, fighting beside the warrior he tried to kill only seconds before. With one blow, the creature sent both of them reeling across the chamber, over Hopper’s head and into the darkness of the outer chamber.
It turned its faceless head to stare at Nicole and Sarah, each frozen by the discovery that the wizard had spoken the truth. Everything had gone horribly wrong. This world had become very real. Without a sound, the Tar Creature headed across the chamber toward Sarah. Her heart pounded while her mind raced to make sense of the situation. Suddenly, things became clear to Sarah. She recalled Dr. Strong’s words that the sorceress’ magic would strengthen it. Sarah suddenly realized this enemy must take her magic from her to survive. Backing away from the creature, Sarah whispered to Nicole, “It wants me, save yourself! Get Todd to safety.”
Sarah tried to call upon her magic. She felt none of the now familiar surging of power through her body as the magic became more dominant. Then it dawned on her, Dr. Strong meant for the creature to absorb her magic all along. She doubted she would survive it. Time was running out, and her thoughts raced to think of a spell that would stop the creature. None came.  
Nicole’s instincts told her to stop as she walked toward Hopper. She ignored it, drew her short sword and raced to get in front of Sarah to keep her out of reach. Hopper gathered all of his remaining strength and sprang from the shadows onto the creature, tearing viciously at it with his one good set of claws.
“Get Sarah out!” he screamed as the Tar Creature’s dark form changed and became fluid.  The tarry substance enveloped Hopper in a layer of darkness as it transformed. Sarah lunged forward, screaming in agony as Hopper disappeared into the bowels of the creature.  Flames flew from her hands, into the monster, bouncing off its smooth surface. It turned to face her; the Queen’s icy blue eyes appeared within its faceless features.  Jack and the Dark Warrior reappeared, charging over the rocks. The creature spat Hopper out, slamming the troll into the barbarian, sending them reeling into the chamber wall. A shout from beyond and the small group that had pursued them through the forest charged over the rocks to aid their commander in his attack. Nicole and Sarah rushed to where Jack held Hopper’s limp, bloody form. 
Hopper’s face was ghostly pale.  Gazing into Sarah’s eyes, he shook his head weakly.  “The fantasy is over... we have to make this right,’’ he whispered, “We are the bad guys in this world.”
“Hopper, you’ve got to rest,” Sarah stammered. Her heart ached as she watched the life slip away from her beloved.  He was the kindest, most courageous person she had ever known.  He was her life. How could this have happened?  It was supposed to be a vacation, an adventure.  It was meant to be safe.
“At least... I was able to show you...” Hopper’s words were weak and forced. 
“I know, my love... you would give your life for me.”  Sarah sobbed, pulling him to her as he slipped into unconsciousness.
“He’s not going to die,” Nicole whispered, denying all that had occurred.
Anger rose from the depths of Jack’s soul. His best friend was dying in the name of a vacation adventure. Jack grabbed Nicole by the shoulders and forced her to look at him.  “This is not a game Nicole. There is no more pretending! We are in trouble here. That wizard was telling the truth. Strong lied to us. He sent us to some alternate universe, another dimension or whatever you want to call it, to free that creature. We are his revenge! We are not going home. This is real!”
“No, it’s not true! I am not a warrior! I could never kill anyone. Hopper is not going to die! You’ll see we’ll be brought back any minute!” Nicole pushed him away.
Venom dripped from Jack’s voice, “Face it, Nicole. We killed innocent elves who were just trying to stop us from destroying their world, and we enjoyed it! Denial won’t change that, and it won’t save Todd. We’ve got to open our eyes and star acting like real heroes.”  
The gravity of Jack’s words hit Nicole hard. Her head began to pulse, and her knees buckled. Jack caught her, pulling her to him and held her as sobs wracked her body. 
Sarah held Hopper weeping for a few moments before easing Hooper down. She rose to her feet, wiped the tears from her eyes and announced, “We’ve got to find the book.”
“The wizard said the Tar Creature was stronger than any sorcerer in existence,” Jack reminded her. He couldn’t imagine a scenario where they could take on the creature and not all end up like Hopper.
“Well I’m no sorcerer, am I?” She stared back into the chamber, watching as the elves fought desperately to kill the creature, taking strength from their courage. “Todd was right, we have to fix this.  And maybe, just maybe there’s a healing spell I overlooked.”
“Sarah,” Hopper called.
She rushed to his side, kneeling next to him. “Todd, we’re going for the book. I will find a spell to heal you, I promise,” Sarah whispered to him pulling him closer.
Jack and Nicole carried Hopper toward the hollow where they entered. As they reached the tunnels, a familiar stench stung their noses, growing steadily stronger as they moved deeper into the tunnels. When it became overwhelming, Jack lay Hopper down on the tunnel floor and waited as Nicole moved to his side. The trolls appeared at the edge of the dim light from the orb that hovered over Sarah. This time they were quiet and unthreatening. They moved slowly forward sniffing and grunting as they came.
“Don’t hurt them,” Hopper gasped through the pain, “They are here for me.”
“Don’t worry; they aren’t going to get to you, Hopper,” Jack sneered. His barbarian instincts kicked in again readying him for battle. He moved forward prepared to draw his sword.
“No, Jack,” Hopper managed weakly, “They want to help.”
“No, Todd!” Sarah said, “They tried to kill you!”
“They were protecting their home.” Hopper could no longer feel his legs. “I’m dying.  I’ll be dead before dawn, unless you let them take me.”
Sarah was in a near panic at his suggestion. “No, Todd. They’re animals, you said so yourself, and they’re unclean.” 
“They’re sick, not filthy and they’re smarter than you think. Otherwise, I would be an animal too. There’s more to these trolls than what you see.” Hopper reached up and caressed Sarah's cheek. “Sarah, it’s my only chance. Let them take me. Your book has no healing spells, no spells of strength or vitality. They are all spells of destruction and pain. There’s no help for me in there, and I’m only holding you back from making this right.”
Jack placed his hand on Sarah’s shoulder. “Sarah, this whole journey has been based on instincts. We have to go with them. If Todd says he needs the trolls, then we have let them take him.”
Jack eased Sarah back away from Hopper slowly keeping one hand on the hilt of his sword. He needed to make certain the trolls would not harm any of them. Sarah broke away from Jack’s grip and threw herself into Hopper’s arms.
“I’m going with you!” she cried.
“You won’t survive in the darkness and cold,” Todd managed. “Don’t worry; as soon as I’m better, you know I’ll find you.”
Jack pried Sarah from Hopper’s arms. The trolls moved forward, ever so gently picked Hopper up and carried him into the darkness. Sarah’s sobs filled the tunnel. One troll remained behind staring at Sarah. It moved slowly forward watching her collapse into Jack’s arms, then turned back and disappeared into the darkness. 
Jack’s eyes filled with tears. He pulled Sarah closer and stared at Nicole trying to find words that would comfort them all. “He’ll make it through this, Sarah. I know it.” She hugged him fiercely then allowed them to steer her toward the hollow.
“I don’t know how Strong did this, but we are going to find a way to kill that thing and stop him from returning.” Jack’s eyes narrowed as he gazed into the darkness. 
“This is my fault. I pushed everyone to come on this trip,” Nicole spoke for the first time since they left the Cavern of Sorrows. The burden of the adventure weighed on her; she was the one who found Dr. Strong.  She was the one who said it was safe. She was the one who pushed everyone to come. Nicole had never felt so much regret in her life.
“We all wanted to come, Nicole. You couldn’t have known.” Sarah composed herself and called upon her magic to send boulders flying into the thicket outside, clearing a path for them. Once outside they searched for the Book of Conjuration. The fire had died to a soft glow, giving no aid to their quest. The body of the serpent nearly completely decayed by Sarah’s spell lay across the center of the clearing. Jack searched the tall grass beyond the light of the fire. Nicole focused her efforts on the small bushes that encircled the entrance to the cave.
Sarah went to the tree she and Hopper had leaned against when they had been waiting for Jack and Nicole to return from hunting. Touching the tree, she replayed the tender moment they shared here. Tears welled as her thoughts turned to Hopper’s insecurities about proposing. Pushing the pain deep inside, she vowed to find him as soon as they destroyed the monster. She brushed away the tears and concentrated on her task.  Crawling on her hands and knees, she searched the area surrounding the tree to no avail.  The book was nowhere to be found. A movement came from the brush and Nicole appeared at a run.
      “Someone’s coming!” She grabbed Sarah and pulled her back behind the tree.   
      Jack appeared at their side as the Dark Warrior and a handful of elf warriors emerged from the bushes. His elfin vision had no trouble detecting them in the darkness. The Dark Warrior motioned for his men to remain behind as he headed across the small hollow. His short-cropped blonde hair was speckled with blood; his black chain-maille fell in shards about his chest, revealing large muscles torn and bloody from combat. He ripped what remained of his helmet from his head and tossed it aside, not taking his eyes off the sorceress before him.
“The creature has retreated deeper into the caverns. It seeks shelter to gain strength. Apparently, our direct attack so soon after its release has weakened it.” His eyes narrowed as Jack placed himself between the elf and Sarah. Ignoring the barbarian, the elf continued to address Sarah. “We do not possess the power to destroy it. It took twelve of our most powerful wizards to imprison the creature hundreds of years ago. Many of whom have died mysterious deaths since then. Now merely a handful remain. That’s not nearly enough to defeat the creature.” His eyes took in Sarah’s pale, drawn features. Could she actually be mourning the loss of that giant troll?
‘‘We were deceived...” Sarah tried to explain.
He stepped closer, “Regardless of your reasons, you have sentenced us all to death.” He tore his eyes from hers, ignoring the depth of emotion he found there. “My warriors have asked for the privilege of killing those who have sentenced us to certain death. Being a man of honor, I will give you a moment to prepare yourselves.”
“I want to destroy the creature,” Sarah declared, heedless of their current status with the Dark Warrior.
“As do I,” he answered. Her words surprised him.  He’d expected a plea for mercy or a threat of vengeance. “But that is beyond us now. When you have been dispatched, we will return to the caverns and search for the creature. Perhaps we can wound it, and delay its strike against our land. In the very least, we will give our lives trying to save our people.”
 Sarah stood her ground. “I can kill it. I hold the magic of Puissant.”
“He was a powerful wizard.” His eyes searched hers trying to gauge what lay behind her innocent face. Was she to be trusted? “If you hold his power than you are truly evil, for his magic came from the darkness that can only be gained by the death of another wizard.”
Sarah stepped toward him, closing the gap between them. “I know nothing of how he came into his power. His intention was to give it to Nicole and sacrifice her to the creature, but it came to me instead. He told us the Elf Queen was imprisoned in the Cave of Sorrows and it was our duty to rescue her. We are victims, the same as you. Except we have to live with the guilt from the loss of life and the sorrow we caused because of Puissant’s treachery.”
A snap of the Dark Warrior’s fingers brought one of his warriors forward. The young elf faced her. She could see the open hatred in his eyes. The Dark Warrior held out his hand, and the warrior placed Sarah’s Book of Conjuration in it.
“Is this the weapon you intend to use against the creature?” he asked, holding it out to her.  
“Yes,” she answered confidently, her eyes locking onto the book.
Tossing it into the embers of the fire, he sneered. “It is nothing more than a young wizard’s book of instruction. An apprentice could wield more powerful spells than these!”
“I don’t care!” Sarah screamed, banging her fists against his muscular chest. “I can kill it!  That is why we are here! Not to free the creature, we’re here to destroy it!”  
Taking hold of her wrists, he held her back from him and stared at her in silence. Her words gave purpose to the cautions that had been plaguing him since the moment he first saw her wield her magic. Perhaps she was right; maybe Puissant had unknowingly given birth to his final aggression. As long as the creature was imprisoned, there was always a chance it would escape.  
Could Puissant’s quest for revenge and dominance end with this innocent sorceress?  Was she powerful enough to destroy the creature? Could Puissant have become desperate enough to hand over his powers to an inexperienced young woman? Was the realm the wizards had sent him into so savage that he would risk all to return? Or was his quest for revenge overshadowing his innermost thoughts? Yes, Puissant would risk everything to wreak havoc on the elfin people. The elf commander had no doubt this was true. If the same power that created the creature was instilled in this girl, perhaps it was possible for her to destroy it and in the process seal Puissant’s fate forever. He cherished the thought of the old bastard stranded in a foreign land without as much as a card trick to protect himself.
Jack moved forward to take hold of Sarah’s shoulders and guide her back from the elf.  ‘‘We won’t stand idly by and allow you to murder us,” Jack cautioned. “We set the creature free, that’s true, but if the creature fled as you say, perhaps it’s not as invincible as you believe. It was not able to strengthen itself as planned. It was supposed to absorb magic, Sarah’s magic. Perhaps now is the time to strike before it finds another victim and gains strength.”
Pulling his eyes away from Sarah, the Dark Warrior faced Jack. “I was surprised at the weakened condition of the creature.”  
Jack jumped at the opening the Dark Warrior’s admission offered. He looked back at Nicole, and then addressed the warrior.  “Puissant said we’d need the ancient magic of the fairies to escape. It’s possible that Woodland magic’s origin is not of the forest and has failed it in some way.”
The dark knight frowned at Nicole. “Not much is known of Woodlands. Your people are a mixed breed. Your heritage is a union of elf and wood nymph, sister to the fairies.” Moving to Nicole, he returned his sword to his belt. “Tell me of your talents,” he demanded, stopping before her.
Nicole’s eyes narrowed. She was not frightened of this warrior. His skills were great, but she was not afraid to die. Her thoughts went to Hopper’s cold dark tomb. He had told them to continue, to end it. Her eyes went to Jack and softened, his worried smile of encouragement sent ripples through her. When this was over, she would tell him that she loved him.
Turning back to the warrior, she said, “I can speak with the animals. I discovered when we entered the caves, I have night vision. I can hear a river that is more than a mile to the south as it splashes against the small rocks in its path. I know much of the earth’s magic of counterspells, I can feel the magic in others, gauge their strength in it and the type of power they wield.”
“Can you cast enchantments?” 
“I have knowledge of charms,” Nicole admitted, “I have never felt the urge to attempt wizardry.”
Moving to the fire, the Dark Warrior kicked the smoldering book from the embers and picked it up with a gloved hand. Bringing it to Nicole, he opened it, tore out a page, and tossed the book into the grass.
“Read this aloud,” He ordered, handing Nicole the page. 
“I can’t read the words,” Nicole said flatly, handing it back to him.
He turned to Sarah, “Is this true?”  
“Yes, I am the only one who can read them,” Sarah answered, then moved to retrieve what was left of her book, wanting desperately to search it for a spell to help Hopper.
The Dark Warrior turned back to Nicole, grabbed her arm, and pulled her to the fire.  “Will it to burn higher! With all of your strength!” 
Eager to test the strength of her magic Nicole did as he commanded. Nothing happened.  Releasing her, he moved toward his men, shouting orders.
“You must have been right,” Nicole whispered to Jack, “They’re heading back in.”
“We’re going with you,” Jack declared, following them into the brush.
The elf commander turned back to him. His eyes were icy and menacing. “I am Cabal, Prince of the Highland Elves, heir to the throne of Fortress City. I will not sacrifice any of my warriors for your protection.  “

Chapter Eleven

The darkness of the cave consumed Jack and Sarah. Sarah slipped her hand into his, afraid the elves might turn on them at any moment. The elves insisted they carry no torch light or use spells to warn the creature of their approach. Nicole walked at the head of the party, reaching out with her Woodland senses for the creature’s magic. Deeper and deeper into the cold dampness they searched. Tension hung in the air with the passing hours and no sign of the Tar Creature.
Sarah’s thoughts screamed out to find Hopper. She had to force herself to concentrate on the creature and searched her mind for a spell that might aid them, finding none. It was just as Prince Cabal had said; the book was simply a learning device for the unskilled. There must be a way to kill the creature. 
When it injured Hopper, she had thrown fire at the creature. Where had it come from?  How had she conjured it? She had not felt the magic flow through her as before. It had been a rush of power brought on by her anger. However, it did not hurt the creature; it did not even mar the surface of its skin. Nicole motioned for them to stop. 
Jack squinted in the darkness and bumped into the irritated warrior in front of him.  Shrugging Jack apologized silently. No reaction came from the warrior, as he stood frozen before Jack. The Tar Creature lay in a vast cavern a few meters ahead. Prince Cabal moved without sound through the group to where Sarah stood.  Sensing his presence, every muscle in her body tensed.
Cabal whispered in Sarah’s ear, “We’re going to charge the creature head on. You must attack it quickly, before it recognizes you. It needs your magic to grow powerful. Once it discovers your presence, it won’t stop until it reaches you.”  His voice softened, “It mustn’t reach you. I am the only one, other than your companions who will defend you. Know this; if it takes hold of you, my warriors have orders to kill you before it consumes your power.  An illumination spell might hinder its defenses. Give me a moment to warn my people, and then cast it over us and into the cavern. It is immense, much larger than the cavern that held the creature prisoner. The spell must be powerful.” Cabal placed his hand on her shoulder and added, “Do not fail; it would wound me deeply to take your life. Especially when our world so desperately needs people of magic.”
She nodded, feeling him turn and move off toward Nicole. Jack followed. If Nicole was going to charge the creature, he was going to be at her side. Sarah took a deep breath and thought of Todd. She was certain it was too late to save him. She had lost him forever.  Bringing her anger to bear, she allowed it to rise. The fury allowed her to concentrate on the death of her only love’s murderer. The elves turned their eyes to the floor as Sarah cast her light spell into the cavern. Their eyes adjusted quickly and they rushed forward. Sarah screamed at the excruciating pain of claws digging into her shoulders.
Her scream brought Jack and Prince Cabal to a halt. They spun to find a large group of brown, hairy trolls racing toward them. Jack met the onslaught swinging his sword wildly, severing limbs and clawed hands as he fought to reach Sarah. Cabal dove under the attack, scrambling through the mass of long hairy legs. He pulled the trolls down as Jack hacked at them from above.
Bats swarmed out of the darkness as Nicole appeared at Jack’s side. The trolls retreated with Sarah, dragging her off toward the black void of the tunnels. Screeching, the diseased creatures released her to swat at the bats. Sarah called her magic to set the nearest troll on fire. Her need for revenge controlling her choice of spells. The stench of burned hair filled the cave as the troll ran off into the darkness, screaming in pain. It fell a short distance away as the flames flared up and consumed it.
Prince Cabal reached her as she turned to face a second troll. “No!” he shouted, thrusting his sword into the stomach of one of her attackers, “Save your strength!”
She flattened herself against the wall as he dove into the remaining three trolls. She watched in awe as he fought. Never before had she seen anyone battle with such powerful ease. He sliced through the trolls as if they were paper dolls. Still, she was unwilling to stand by idly like a helpless female in a cheap romance novel. She cast an illusion of large brown cave spiders crawling on the trolls. Jack and Nicole jerked as spiders appeared from the ceiling by the thousands, attacking everything in sight. 
“They’re not real,” Nicole yelled to Jack feeling the tingle of Sarah magic flow through her.
Cabal ignored the spiders striking out at the last of the trolls until they turned to flee.  Cabal grabbed Sarah’s arm and pulled her over the troll bodies that littered the cavern floor.
“Hurry, before the creature grows stronger!” Cabal ordered, rushing past the two adventurers.  
The battle was fierce and bloody. The creature transformed into a giant spider that echoed those Sarah created against the trolls. Its legs were tipped with long wicked claws. Half a dozen warriors lay dead at the creature’s feet, sliced into pieces by its razor sharp talons. Cabal shoved Sarah to one side and joined the battle. He shouted to her as he ran forward, “Do your worst before more die!”
The creature transformed into a giant blackish purple bear with enlarged claws and an elongated snout. Its sleek dark surface gave the bear-creature an unearthly appearance.  Jack rushed forward to attack the creature’s head as its jaws sank into the legs of the warrior that he bumped into in the tunnel. Nicole rushed to his aid.  Only three warriors and the Prince remained to battle the creature alongside Jack and Nicole. Sarah called a spell of fire and threw a giant ball of flames at the creature. It staggered backward, but was otherwise unaffected.
Repeatedly she threw the flames at the creature to no avail. She called a spell of ice and hurled it into the monster. It screamed in pain as frozen crystals formed on its skin, but it did not hesitate in its fight to destroy the warrior’s swarming around it. Slowly it began to push the warriors back and approach her. Rising to stand upright, it changed into a four-armed creature with claws of steel. Realizing they could not keep the creature from reaching Sarah, Nicole pulled the emerald talisman from her vest and thrust it into the air above her. Recalling the incantation that Sarah had given her, she called its burst of light forward and directed it toward the creature. The light touched its sleek coat. The creature turned and started for Nicole with a quickness that caught her by surprise. She snatched the gem from the air and sprint back toward the tunnel, barely able to stay ahead of her pursuer.
“Water!” Sarah screamed, suddenly realizing why the ice had injured the creature.  “Nicole, get to the river!”
Nicole ran down the tunnel, stumbling over the remains of the trolls. Using her woodland sense, she sought for any trace of moisture. The sounds of the warriors and her friends came from behind as they raced to help her. Although she could not hear the creature’s pursuit, she knew it was not far behind. She ran blindly toward any hint of water that came. Nicole desperately reached out to the creatures of the cave. She beckoned them to her, and then dashed into a tunnel on her right. Insects and bats answered her call swarming at the face of the creature, trying to slow its pace. A fork in the tunnel came leading her into a small cavern that narrowed into a low tunnel. She found herself on her knees scurrying forward. Keep moving! She heard Sarah’s voice whisper from somewhere inside her head, and a barrier of ice appeared behind her sealing the tunnel.  Smiling to herself, Nicole complemented the sorceress on her telepathic discovery.
Sarah stumbled, trying to keep pace with the others. She concentrated on slowing the creatures’ pursuit of Nicole.  If she could not slow the creature, it would reach Nicole in a matter of seconds. 
Nicole crawled into a small chamber and scrambled to her feet. She raced across to the far side and stopped, stunned. There was no tunnel, no river, only a dead end.  Could her senses have led her astray? No, she could smell the water, nearly taste it. It was so close.  She moved to the far wall as the creature emerged from the narrow tunnel. It took the shape of giant coiled snake. Nicole turned to face it. She drew her short sword and stuffed the talisman inside her vest. 
“It’s a dead end!” she shouted over the creature. Not waiting for a reply, she attacked the creature as it neared. It leaped into the air, its shape taking on that of an oversized wolf as it reached her. Using her sword to keep it at bay, Nicole shot over the creature; she pushed off the cave wall and rolled in the air. She landed behind it as the others entered the chamber. 
“Sarah! There’s water on the other side of the far wall!” Nicole yelled as the creature charged, scattering them all. Cabal pulled Sarah across the chamber as Jack and the three warriors fought to keep the creature from reaching Nicole.  
“It wants the power of the talisman,” Sarah warned. 
“Destroy the wall,” Cabal ordered.
“There’s a river on the other side! We’ll drown,” she gasped to Cabal.
“A small price to pay for saving our world.” His words were gallant. His eyes met hers. They sparkled with excitement. With a nod, he motioned toward the wall.
Sarah concentrated on the wall as her thoughts went to Hopper, perhaps they would die together in this dark place after all. 
“When it starts to break,” Cabal added, “dive for the rocks.” He motioned toward a set of large boulders to their right. She began to chant. The magic flowed into her. The creature ceased its mission to reach Nicole. It turned toward the sorceress as a soft green aura formed around her. Cabal placed himself between Sarah and the creature sensing its attack. The creature sprang. 
Suddenly the cavern wall imploded in a shower of rocks and water. The force of the explosion sucked the wall into the cold black void, pulling the creature in with it.  Cabal and Sarah were sent reeling into the void behind the creature. 
The roar of a waterfall met their ears. They crashed into a wall of the icy water at the bottom of the falls. The creature screamed in agony, flailing against the turbulent waters of the falls that forced it down and rolled it repeatedly.
Cabal shoved Sarah away from the power of the current, pushing himself deeper into the turmoil. Sarah’s lungs burned for air. Her head reached the surface, and she gasped for air.  The pull of the current fought against her as struggled to reach the shore. Dragging herself out of the water, she saw a pale yellow moon crested over the tall trees. She realized they were in the small stone encased pond where Jack nearly drowned.  Sarah glanced back toward the water for any sign of survivors.  When Cabal failed to surface, she dove back in to search for him. The creature broke free of the current and slowly floated to the surface. Sarah issued a light spell and saw Cabal floating deep beneath the surface of the water. She swam to reach him, ignoring the dying creature.
She took hold of Cabal’s shoulder and swam for the surface. Jack appeared in the water before her. He grabbed the Prince and pushed Sarah gently toward the stone edge of the pond. Nicole surfaced in the water behind them, as did the three remaining warriors. Each struggled against the fierce current and swam to shore. Smiling, Nicole glanced at the still form of the dark wolf. It had managed to pull the bulk of its body from the icy water, lying on top of the pale rocks that lined the shore.
Prince Cabal coughed as he purged his lungs of water. Rising, he took the torn piece of Sarah’s robe she offered and held it to the wound on his brow. Moving slowly to where Nicole stood, he stared at the silent creature. Jack came up beside them with Sarah under his arm.
“Is it dead?” he asked, kneeling beside it.
“No,” Nicole answered, “Be careful.” She moved to pull him back, and the creature lunged. 
Transforming back into the liquid creature that engulfed Hopper, it covered Nicole smothering her in darkness. She could hear Jack’s screams as he fought to tear the creature away from her. Her head began to swim. Icy fingers move inside of her vest.  Dark colors merged and separated before her eyes as it absorbed her strength. Suddenly the colors flashed with a brilliant emerald light, and the creature spat her out as if she were the pit of a succulent fruit. She flew over her rescuer’s heads and landed in the center of the frothy waters of the pond. Jack dove in after her.
Sarah staggered backward as the creature took its final form. Prince Cabal attacked, without waiting to see what it would become. His three warriors rushed to his side, striking at the creature with renewed strength. It continued to grow, changing from the blackish purple tar-like liquid into a cat-like creature. Balls of fire slammed into the creature, knocking it back against the rocks at the edge of the pond. 
“Push it toward the water!” Sarah yelled over the Warriors battle cries. 
The icy water had weakened it. Perhaps if they kept it in the pond long enough, it would become weak enough to destroy. Sarah threw her spell of ice at it. The creature screamed and charged toward her. Prince Cabal and the Warriors were ready. They drove it back to the water’s edge with their swords. Jack pulled Nicole from the pond and joined in the battle, after ordering her to stay out of it.
The stars twinkled above them as the moon moved across the horizon. The fight continued until the first signs of light glowed in the east. They had pushed the creature into the water repeatedly, only to have it shoot from the pond onto the rock bank despite their efforts. Sarah cast an enchantment on their swords chilling them to a freezing temperature to injure the creature. Its sleek dark surface was oozing with a thick black substance from the many wounds the warriors had managed to inflict. Yet it still strove to absorb Sarah’s magic. Pushing for the shadows, the black tar cat screeched in frustration as Prince Cabal dove between it and Sarah once more.
Nicole staggered back from the battle, still not fully recovered from the creature’s attack.  The sun touched her face, warming her, reviving her. She sighed and turned slowly, facing the golden orb. Taking a deep breath, she looked back at the creature, determined to rejoin the battle. As her thoughts turned to destroying the creature, her chest began to burn.  Clutching at her breast, she gasped as the pain grew stronger. Tearing at the front of her vest, she pulled the glowing talisman out, dropping it as its heat seared her fingers.
It fell into the shadows and rolled off into the grass beside the rocks. She had mistakenly thought the creature had taken the talisman. That explosion of light must have injured the creature, instead of giving it power. Springing from the boulder, she knelt down beside the gem. The glow had vanished. Lifting the talisman, she was surprised to find it had turned cold.
Climbing up onto the pile of boulders Hopper had created to block part of the falls.  Nicole raised the crystal into the sun above her. A burst of light exploded from the crystal throwing Nicole off the boulder and into the dirt behind her. Scrambling to her feet and climbing back onto the boulder, she raised the crystal over her head and willed the beam to strike the creature. A bolt of emerald magic pounded into the creature, knocking it off its feet but otherwise not affecting it.
Nicole screamed for Sarah. She jumped from the boulders and raced to the sorceress as Sarah threw another ice spell at the creature. “Sarah, take this to the boulders. Stand directly in the sunlight, and use it!” Nicole ordered. 
Sarah didn’t hesitate. She grabbed the jewel and sprinted across the grass to the boulders. The creature seized one of the warriors in its jaws. Jack sprang forward and shoved his sword into the giant cat’s throat. One swipe of its paws and Jack was swatted away like an annoying fly. Cabal leaped on the back of the creature and plunged his icy sword repeatedly into the monster’s back. 
The creature crushed the warrior in its jaws and tossed his lifeless form aside. Rolling on its back, it quickly overwhelmed Cabal.  Its long claws sunk into Cabal’s arm and pulled him to toward its razor sharp teeth. Cabal screamed in pain. He braced his feet against the tar-creature’s chest and stabbed at it.
Jack sprang toward the creature’s head. Placing his sword at its throat, he tried to sever its head. Once again, he was thrown clear. Nicole dove at the creature, calling on the forest creatures. Birds swarmed from the trees attacking the creature. It ignored them. 
Sarah screamed from her perch above the falls, and they fell back. Raising the crystal high, she prayed for Cabal’s safety and chanted the spell of dissolution. Picturing in her mind a force field of protection surrounding Cabal, she sent a white bolt of energy into the creature.  It screamed, springing away from the light. Sarah followed the creature and attacked it with the light, not daring to look at what was left of Cabal.
The two remaining warriors followed Jack and Nicole as they attacked the creatures driving it toward the pond. Another burst of light struck it, and it fell into the freezing water. Sarah concentrated on the creature using all her power to send a continuous stream of the white-hot energy into the pond where the creature struggled. Again and again, she pounded the creature with the force of the crystal until it sank beneath the surface of the water.
Sarah fell to her knees, exhausted. She could hear cheers of her fellow warriors. Her thoughts turned to Todd. When the cheering came to a dramatic halt, she looked below to find the others gathered around the still form of Prince Cabal. Sarah quickly climbed down the rocks to examine him. She felt numb as she neared the edge of the pond. Nicole knelt beside him and placed her head on his chest as Jack pulled the charred clothing from his legs. His face was pale. Streams of blood that covered his face.
“Is he dead?” Sarah asked, not wanting to hear the answer.
“No,” Nicole replied. “But he could use the skills of a good nurse practitioner.”
“His men will have to care for him,” Sarah said, “I’m going back for Hopper.”
Jack grabbed her arms. He stared into her eyes and said softly, “He’s out of our reach, Sarah. If he survives, he will find us. You have to trust him and wait.”


Chapter Twelve

  
The Elfin court, seated before them, stared in silence as the three remaining adventurers approached. The grand hall in Fortress City housed the council of the three elf nations.  Golden banners hung from the ceiling flickering in a gentle wind. White flowers, symbolizing fallen warriors cascaded from two large urns on each side of the forum before them. Prince Cabal squeezed Sarah’s elbow as they neared, giving her an encouraging nod. Dressed in the rags of their original costumes, the three adventurers faced the high council with the prince at their side. 
Queen Briees, an elegant and imposing woman, stood before them in amber robes. Her golden hair cascaded down to the floor. Her face did not hold a welcoming smile. Her eyes were not full of gratitude. When she spoke, her voice was calm and void of emotion. “We have discussed your situation and the events that led to the release and consequent destruction of the creature.” She paused as her gaze lingered on her son, Cabal. “The High Council has ruled. We believe if you return to your homeland, you will revert to your natural state and Puissant’s powers will be returned to him. Prince Cabal’s argument of your victimization at the hands of the ancient wizard is quite convincing. You did prove yourselves as allies by destroying the creature and saving my son’s life. This combined with my son’s assurance that you suffered as great a loss as any family in our city, has given us a reason to offer leniency.  Although not all in the council agree with my decision, I offer you amnesty. However, it comes at a price. Sorceress Sarah Sims, you must stay here in Fortress City and complete your training under Amity’s guidance.  An untrained sorceress is a deadly threat our city cannot risk. The barbarian Jack Tyler and Woodland Elf Nicole Waters shall serve in the Battle Academy training our young men and women with the skills necessary to replace those precious warriors lost in this struggle.”
  Her almond shaped eyes showed no warmth as she scrutinized Nicole and Jack. “It will be difficult. You face many prejudices and threats of vengeance from the families of those you killed. Your exceptional battle skills and the testimony of the surviving warriors have convinced me of your sincerity.”
“We regret the pain we have caused and are honored to serve you,” Jack answered as he took Nicole’s hand in his. “We won’t disappoint you.”
The Queen did not respond to Jack’s words, “You will allow Amity to cast an enchantment upon you. It will ensure that you never return to Puissant’s world.” The Queen finished as her eyes met Jack’s.
“I have no desire to return,” Jack declared boldly. “But I can’t speak for the others.” He turned to look at Nicole.
Nicole gazed into his eyes, and then turned to the Queen and declared, “I wish only to be with him.”
Sarah felt all eyes fall upon her. She turned to gaze at the council of elderly elves and saw fear and anger in their eyes. She was a new threat to the security of Fortress City as well as the other elfin providences. If she turned against them or allowed Puissant to return, it could mean their destruction.
“I accept your terms as long as the enchantment will not interfere with my magic. I also humbly request that Amity aid me in seeking out and healing the trolls that roam the caverns under the Cave of Sorrow. They have been cursed with an illness from a spell I believe Puissant cast long ago. I would have them freed in hopes of recovering our fallen comrade, Todd Hopper.” Her voice broke as she spoke his name. A tear rolled down her pale cheek. Weeks had passed with no sign of him; Sarah feared the worst. 
The Queen looked passed Sarah. She turned to find the old wizard from the cave standing there. He nodded his consent.
“Let it be done,” the Queen declared.
The End
 

