Foreshadow, Fork Best Taken (Foreshadow Seer Series Book 3)

By E. S. Hazard
Copyright © 2005 & 2020 E. S. Hazard
All rights reserved.

Foreshadow, Fork Best Taken (Foreshadow Seer Series Book 3)
All Rights Reserved © 2005 & 2020 by E. S. Hazard

No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form by any means, graphic, electronic, or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, taping, or by any information storage retrieval system, without the written permission of the author.
For information address:
E. S. Hazard
easilyhazard@gmail.com

The characters and events in this book are fictitious. Any similarity to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental and not intended by the author.

CHAPTER One – Impending Threat
Wednesday July 13, 2005

Cassandra Foreshadow raced through the passageway glancing off the walls, forced in the direction of this, this infernal labyrinth! “I must escape,” Cassandra thought to herself as she looked back over her shoulder, terrified the thing following her would overtake her! Smack! Right into a wall she crashed, failing to anticipate another forced change in direction by this maze she was lost in. Falling down but hurriedly standing and sprinting forward desperate to stay as far as possible from her terrifying pursuer. “The heck with this, time to transport to safety, 

Do not extort.
Convey and Transport.
Disregard time and space.
And send me to the proper place.”

But nothing happened. “Max, I need you!” Cassandra screamed.

“It is my desire.
Assistance I do require.”

Again, no response. Cassandra caroming off another wall, bouncing off wall after wall. 

“Blast the obstruction. 
To its destruction. 
So I can progress 
without distress.”

Trying to blast through the barriers in front of her so she could escape! Still nothing happened! “What was that?” Cassandra asked herself, hearing a growling noise close behind her! Then a flash that illuminated the dimly lit corridor. Another flash and a loud crack as a lightning bolt curse hit just behind her. Cassandra ran forward turning, bouncing, twisting, ricocheting, off wall after wall! 

“Spells and curses drop.
And cause all magic to stop.”

Still nothing. “What good is magic if it never works!” Cassandra said frustrated beyond belief! Intense loud growling heard just behind her now. Cassandra screams as she hits another wall and falls down hard, face first kissing the abrasive ground. She puts her arms over her face trying to protect herself from her assailant. She hears The Suffocation Curse invoked:

“Hear me evil power. 
Cause my victim to bend and cower. 
Throat grab and mangle. 
Breath obstruct and tangle. 
Then cause my prey to strangle.”

“Cassandra screams! Cassandra bolts up in bed awakening from what? A bad dream? No, a premonition!” She turns her bedside light on. Her phone vibrates. It’s a text from her next-door neighbor, Max Solution, asking her if she is okay. She quickly calls him and before Max can say hello, she starts describing her ordeal, firing off her words more rapidly than the fastest gatling gun. She is still extremely upset and shaking from fear. Then suddenly, she feels significantly calmer. It is as if she is being hugged, yes embraced by Max? “Max did you just do something?” She asks finally pausing and allowing him to answer.
“I was going to offer you a virtual hug, but I did not want to interrupt you,” admitted Max.
“Thank you so very much,” Cassandra said as she sighs, feeling Max’s tender, warm but firm embrace. Cassandra falls under Max’s spell and dreams that she is looking into his kind eyes. He kisses her and she sighs deeply, engrossed in bliss. She feels a rush of relaxation, forgetting her attacker completely. She could have sworn a container of safety enclosed her much like a massive bullet proof glass jar was placed around her. Telepathically, she hears Max’s question that he was too afraid to ask and too considerate to bring up, but now that she was no longer frightened and instead safe under Max’s protection she wakes and whispers, “Premonition or bad dream? That is the million-dollar question.” Cassandra hesitated not sure which it was. “I’m going with just a bad dream,” Cassandra finally said. 
Max disagreed and so did an extremely worried Sybil Hazard and Phoebe Conjurer. 

Chapter Two – Just Another Day in the Neighborhood
Wednesday July 13, 2005

The following chapter is the same as the last chapter in Book 2. 
Cassandra said goodbye to Max and went back to sleep. 
Max tossed and turned until he finally went downstairs for breakfast. All he could think about was the terrible feeling of dread that had driven him from sleep. Max had sat up in the dark looking over at Cassandra’s window. It took all his willpower not to transport over to her room to check on her. He shuddered with an intense sense of foreboding. When Cassandra’s bedroom light came on last night then he knew she had the same feeling of trepidation. Then and now he could not shake this intense urge to protect Cassandra regardless of the consequences. 
He debated discussing this with her and scaring her out of her wits or just letting her alone and worrying even more that she will not take the necessary precautions to save herself. He knew what he had to do. He just wasn’t sure he could accomplish it. Just when he was about to go out the door to confront Cassandra, his mother grabbed his arm.
“Max, I have to tell you something. Your father doesn’t want you to know but given everything that has happened recently I think we must be honest with you. Sit down a minute before your father comes downstairs,” Mrs. Solution pleaded with her only son.
Max sat down while studying his mother. She appeared to be ready to cry. Many emotions came over Max. Too many to sort out before his mother continued.
“You were adopted,” Mrs. Solution blurted out. A tear rolled down her cheek. She couldn’t look at her son. She finally went to grab a Kleenex to blow her nose.
Max was shocked at first, frozen in place. It was if someone had ripped open an old wound by tearing off the bandage covering it, and the scab underneath all in one motion! But then he was struck with a ton of insight into why recent events had unfolded. This explained his magical ability and why his parents had none. He was in fact related to the Rivals and this was a factor in Missy saving him and turning on her sister. He didn’t dare consider it, but could it be true? Was he a Seer too? His train of thought was suddenly interrupted.
“Good morning, Max. Are you ready to drive us to work? His father asked.
The drive to work was quiet except for Mr. Solution’s whistling. He was in a great mood, but his wife and Max were another story. Both were lost in thought the entire trip. Max knew his mother had not wanted to cause him any pain, and she tried her best to tell him an extremely upsetting revelation as painlessly as possible. Max uncharacteristically kissed his mother on the cheek when he said goodbye. She smiled and placed her hand on the side of his face before she went into work. Nothing more could be said that would better describe how the mother and son felt than those two actions. 
Max sat alone in the car for several minutes before driving home. Once home, he went up to his room and laid down on his bed. 
“Max, if you need to talk, I may be able to help you and answer some questions for you,” Sybil Hazard offered. 
“Did you know that I was adopted?” Max asked.
“Yes,” Sybil answered.
“Do you know who my birth parents are?” Max begged.
“I know who your birth parents were,” Sybil answered.
 “What happened to them?” Max pleaded.
“Minerva and Missy are your older sisters. Your birth parents were killed by an evil wizard named Devlin Rival who corrupted your sisters and who was later killed by Minerva. Your parents were warned just before they were killed, but they were only able to hide you. You were then put up for adoption. Your sisters thought you were dead. One of your ancestors told Missy who you really are just before she helped you. Minerva still doesn’t know who you really are. Minerva believes that you were killed along with your parents,” Sybil explained. 
“Am I a Seer too?” Max asked.
“Yes and No. Maybe and maybe not. I do not know. You have an extremely strong relationship with Cassandra. When a witch and wizard are as close as you two are and one is a high level of Seer, synergies can occur. This type of relationship is extremely rare. At times, you may possess Seer traits at a far higher level than you are normally. This happens only with the closest of relatives, e.g., a mother with her children or lastly with your intimate soul mate,” Sybil explained. 
“Cassandra and I are that close?” Max asked.
“What do you think? I bet you know the answer to your question,” Sybil replied. “She may not realize it or admit it; you may have to convince her. You may even have to argue with her. Like her premonition about the maze. You must convince her to do what’s right and not just dismiss it as a minor annoyance!” Sybil added vehemently! 
“What is my real name? Do I have any other relatives? What were my birth parents’ names?” Max asked.
“Gregory Foretelli is your birth name. Andrew and Mary were your birth parents. I do not know if you have any other relatives. It is not likely. It is believed that Devlin Rival hunted down all your relatives. And to answer your next question, yes you should go talk to Missy,” Sybil answered. “And soon Sofia Predire will speak with you as I am now. She is your ancestor and she is a Level 10 Seer. She is the one who convinced Missy to save your life. She will help you in the future, but you can call on me if you want to.”
“Why didn’t she contact me sooner?” Max asked extremely confused.
“Usually males are not as gifted… uh I mean are not above Seer level 5 and are never contacted. I spoke with you in the past along with Cassandra so she had someone who she could talk with that is her own age. And it was just easier to have fewer people in the mix. Cassandra is on an accelerated training schedule out of necessity. She has been exposed to and very soon will be exposed to several more techniques that some Level 10 Seers never have to deal with. Extremely advanced and dangerous psychic methods and she will need your support more than ever,” Sybil instructed her descendant’s friend. 
“Thank you for answering my questions,” Max said. He concentrated on his sister, Missy, locating where she was staying and then transported close to her. 

“Do not extort.
Convey and Transport.
Disregard time and space.
And send me to the proper place.”

Max found himself in a hotel hallway outside room 310. He knocked on the door. He noticed the amount of light seen through the door peephole change and then the door opened.
“Please come in Max,” Missy said. The two siblings sat a table.
“Thank you for saving me and Cassandra,” Max said sincerely.
“I am glad I was able to save you and your friend,” Missy replied. “I only wish I could save our sister too,” Missy said sadly. 
“I am sorry that I don’t remember you,” Max admitted.
“You were only a few weeks old when Devlin Rival caused us to be separated,” Missy explained.
“Here is my cell phone number. Please call me if you ever need anything. Why don’t you stay here? I will be happy to ask my parents if you can stay with us. I am sure they will agree,” Max offered.
“Thank you. Don’t worry about me. I am financially secure from my old life. I will finally be able to do what I want to do,” Missy volunteered.
“Good for you!” Max congratulated his sister. “I hope you feel comfortable letting me know what you’re up to?”
“Sure thing,” Missy responded sounding more positive.
“Do you have any pictures of our parents?” Max asked timidly.
“No, I am sorry. I don’t have anything from back then,” Missy said as tears filled her eyes. 
“I am sorry for your loss,” offered Max. He felt terrible dredging up these painful memories. 
“It’s not your fault. Our parents were happy and positive and encouraging. They were everything the corrupted, vile Minerva and Devlin were not,” Missy insisted. 
“My adoptive mother is like that. You would like her. You should meet her. Please come visit us before you leave,” Max pleaded with his sister. 
“I will think about it,” Missy replied.
“Are you safe from Minerva?” Max asked. 
“Yes, since I have no magic for Minerva to steal, I am useless to her,” Missy revealed.
“She won’t seek revenge?” Max inquired.
“She won’t even take the time to see me or yell at me. She won’t waste any time or energy on me,” guaranteed Missy. She looked away sniffling. “I am sorry. I am extremely happy that you came, and we talked.” 
Max stood up to leave. He was sorry he had inflicted so much pain on his sister. 
“Give me a few days and I will call you and if your parents are willing, I will visit before I go,” promised Missy as she forced a brief smile.
“Best of luck and you will always be welcome at my house. Goodbye, Sister,” Max said as positively as he could even though he admitted to himself that he would never see her again.
“Best of luck to you too,” Missy responded.
Max left never looking back. After he arrived back in his room, he cried for twenty minutes. 
Cassandra, Sybil, and Phoebe were moved to tears.

Chapter Three – Meeting of the Minds
Wednesday July 13, 2005

Cassandra gave Max some space and stayed at Number 10 by herself. Every few minutes, she would check on Max by reaching out and sensing his mood. She tried to send him a virtual hug, but it didn’t seem to work. 
After lunch, Max finally knocked on the door of Number 10 and Cassandra was extremely relieved to let him inside. Cassandra hugged Max until he finally said, “I require this treatment every day and twice on Sunday and don’t you forget it,” Max professed, smiling. 
“I don’t know if I can live with that. We’ll see what happens tomorrow,” Cassandra kidded Max.
“Seriously, this maze premonition has me worried for you,” Max pressed Cassandra.
“Right now, I don’t see anything imminent to worry about. Believe me when I say that I am going to avoid any maze,” Cassandra said. 
“This is serious!” Max insisted. 
“Okay, I will try to see more about this, please let me concentrate for a few minutes,” Cassandra surrendered. After a minute, Cassandra received a snapshot premonition just for a split second. She was holding an envelope in her hand and had a terrible sense of foreboding. She sat down with a distressed look on her face. 
Max waited patiently for Cassandra to tell him what was wrong. The longer she took the more he worried. 
Finally, Cassandra volunteered, “I saw me holding an envelope, knowing that I should not open it and confused as to what to do with it.” 
“Okay, we’ll screen the mail more intensely,” Max promised. 
“Good, I feel better,” Cassandra lied. Suddenly, Cassandra’s face went limp, her mouth opened, her jaw hanging down. She stared into space and her body stiffened. She saw three men driving in a car. They were laughing. The scene lasted all of two seconds and then it ended. Cassandra blinked three times and then she returned to normal. 
“Are you okay?” Max asked, obviously worried. 
“Just another obscure quick scene. The last time I had one of these snapshots it was about a terrorist with a grenade launcher. I wonder what these three men are up to?” Cassandra thought out loud. 
“What did you see?” Max asked.
“Three men in a car laughing,” Cassandra replied concentrating on the scene.
“What is your impression? Ominous? Joyful?” Inquired Max. 
“I can’t tell,” admitted Cassandra while staring at the floor.
“Do you recognize any of the men? Do you know their names? Where are they? Where are they going? Are there any other details you can share?” Max asked trying to be helpful.
“No, I know nothing else?” Cassandra replied.
“Okay, just relax. It must not be anything imminent, right?” Max suggested.
“Yes, I think we are safe for the time being,” Cassandra agreed.
“That’s good, right?” Max suggested.
“Yes, I know that you are trying to help, but I am better off just letting these premonitions reveal themselves in their own good time,” countered Cassandra. 
Max knew not to interfere again and just listen if Cassandra wished to discuss anything. 

Chapter Four – An Ominous Letter Arrives
Wednesday July 13, 2005

“Would you like to do something unrelated to magic, premonitions and investigations?” Max asked timidly.
“Watching TV might be nice,” Cassandra offered with a relaxed smile.
“Great!” Max felt better that he finally was able to distract his friend. 
The two watched a romantic comedy movie neither had seen before, laughing, and enjoying the distraction. 
One second Cassandra was laughing then suddenly she stopped. Staring for a split second, then standing up, ignoring Max, and going outside with Max right behind her. Max stayed quiet but scanned the neighborhood, watching for any threat. Cassandra stopped at the mailbox. She hesitated, then she extended her hand stopping before touching the mailbox door. She withdrew her hand and turned toward Max, “Let’s go back inside for a minute.”
Max followed Cassandra inside. 
“There is an envelope in the mailbox that is a test. There is danger there. Someone wants to know about me and what abilities I have, if any. No one was watching that I could see. I hate to ask you this, but can you retrieve the envelope and stay outside and call me and describe what it contains? I feel it would be alright for you to do this,” Cassandra requested. 
Max complied immediately. “There is just one piece of paper inside. It is typed, it is a request for a donation. It is from the Sorcerers & Spellcasters Society.”
A quick internet search yielded no such organization. 
“Throw it out in the garbage, don’t bring it inside,” Cassandra ordered. She knew that is what most households would have done with this junk mail. 
Max complied then he went inside. 
Cassandra wondered what would happen next. She knew she would not have to wait long for the next magical test. 

Chapter Five – Ruse
Thursday July 14, 2005

Next morning Cassandra knew that she had to be outside. Even though she was safer inside Number 10 with all its wards, today was the day to be outside and not invite strangers inside. No sooner had she closed the front door behind her than a car pulled up and a gentleman in a suit and tie got out. 
“Good morning,” the well-dressed man called out. “Would you be Cassandra Foreshadow?” he inquired. 
“I would,” Cassandra admitted as Max joined the group.
“My name is Jay Lawjam,” the man said. “I represent Gertrude Shammy. I am sorry for your loss.”
“What loss?” Cassandra asked feigning ignorance. 
“Gertrude Shammy passed away peacefully on Sunday,” Mr. Lawjam replied.
Cassandra shrugged, “I did not know her.”
“You were named in her will,” asserted Mr. Lawjam. “She left you her a home and a sizable sum.”
“Where is this house located?” Cassandra asked pretending not to know.
“Everything is listed here in these documents, Ms. Foreshadow,” replied Mr. Lawjam. “Here are the keys to the property.”
“Thank you. Do you have a card, Mr. Lawjam?” requested Cassandra. She took his card and continued, “I apologize but I have another meeting I have to attend.”
“Good day, Ms. Foreshadow,” Mr. Lawjam replied.
Cassandra watched as Mr. Lawjam drove away, taking special note of his license plate number and make and model of car.
Max was about to say good morning when Cassandra cut him off, “Let’s go inside I need to show you something before our meeting.” Cassandra walked to the back door. She left all the documents and keys outside on the back porch before going inside. Max followed her. 
Once inside she wrote down a description of Mr. Lawjam and his car including his license plate of ‘Illegal942.’” Then she briefed Max. “Something isn’t right. Again, someone is testing me. They want me to go inside of that house. There are bugs, I mean listening devices inside of it and other magical traps to gather information on me. I can sense it,” Cassandra told Max. “But we better act like a normal person would act and go visit the place.”
“That sounds dangerous,” Max volunteered.
“Maybe, but we want to lull these people into a false sense of security and keep them in the dark until we know more,” Cassandra replied. “But right now let’s go talk with Detective Hardly. He can satisfy two requirements; He can serve as the meeting I cannot miss and look up this license number and tell us who we really are dealing with.”

Chapter Six – Ongoing Investigation
Thursday July 14, 2005

Cassandra called Detective Hardly and requested an appointment, “I am sorry to bother you, Detective, I need some help. Please, can I meet with you or someone else to get information on a license plate number?” Cassandra pleaded with the Detective. She held her breath not sure what reaction she would receive. 
“Come in and we’ll talk,” replied Detective Hardly.
“Thank you so much, is now okay?” Cassandra said trying to strike when the iron was hot. 
“If you come right away,” answered Detective Hardly.
“I’m leaving now,” Cassandra said.
Max drove Cassandra to Greensburg and went inside with her. Cassandra noticed that the TV 99 Westmoreland County Correspondent was hanging around the sheriff’s office. 
“Good morning Detective Hardly, it’s nice to see you again,” Cassandra said once inside the detective’s office. 
“Nice to see you, I think,” joked the detective. “How can I help you?”
Cassandra showed him the license plate number and told him that it was taken from a late model red Chevrolet Equinox. 
“Tell me why you need this?” Detective Hardly demanded.
Cassandra showed him Mr. Lawjam’s fake business card and the will. “I could not find any record of a lawyer named Lawjam. And there is no record of a Gertrude Shammy that I could find. My mother and aunt do not know of this so called relative either. Mr. Lawjam said I was a relative of Gertrude Shammy.”
The detective studied the documents for a few minutes and banged away on his computer searching law enforcement and governmental databases. “Did you ask the FBI for this information?” Detective Hardly questioned Cassandra and Max.
“No, I didn’t,” Cassandra replied.
 “There is something you aren’t telling me, isn’t there Ms. Foreshadow?” Detective Hardly questioned his guest.
After three seconds of silence, Detective Hardly pressed further, “Ms. Foreshadow and Mr. Solution there is always something odd surrounding you two, isn’t there? C’mon and admit it?”
Cassandra knew the exact tact to take, “Detective, you keep a rabbit’s foot in your drawer here at the office and in your glove compartment and you wear a St. Michael the Archangel medal around your neck. It was given to you by your grandmother when you became a policeman. It is engraved on the back and it says, ‘Stay Strong my Grandson’. You secretly are writing a mystery novel entitled Westmoreland Warriors and its main character’s name is George The Gunslinger Gregory. Your 2nd gun is a .380 Browning and you have one taped inside the trunk of your car and one under your mattress at home and one in the kitchen in the drawer next to the dishwasher…”
“That’s enough, Ms. Foreshadow,” interrupted Detective Hardly. “How do you know these details about me?”
Cassandra continued, “When you were sixteen you had a crush on a young lady named Sarah Longlegs who lived in your neighborhood. You never told anyone else about her. You found out she worked as a dancer at a gentlemen’s club. Should I tell you which one it was?” 
“That won’t be necessary,” the embarrassed detective said hurriedly.
“Max and I have certain skills that are unique and must be kept secret. There are others like us who mean us harm, even fatal injury. This is why we don’t advertise our special skills and we ask that you keep our secret. We are willing to help you when we can and if you are stuck on an extremely important case. We just ask that you understand that our methods are sometime unconventional, peculiar and even unorthodox,” Cassandra said softly. “And know we mean you no harm and are honest as we can be. We are the good guys. You are a good judge of character and you know this,” Cassandra said emphatically, finally stopping.  
“Thank you for being so forthcoming,” replied Detective Hardly. “The car is registered to Jay Lawjam at the 555 Whistling Spell Street address. I do not find any other record of a Gertrude Shammy either.”
“Who is paying the property taxes on the address?” Max asked.
“I cannot find any record of this address in the tax records or the recorder of deeds website,” replied the detective. “That is odd. And I can’t find the address listed on any Internet mapping site either. I wish I could be more help.” 
“Thank you, we appreciate your help, detective,” Max said as he got up to leave. 
“Detective Hardly, you should post a few men and surveil tomorrow’s armor car delivery at the Giant Eagle at Hempfield Square, say before 8:37 am. Two men in a 2003 blue Chevrolet Malibu will have guns and attempt a robbery. Their names are Tom & Jerry Steely. Consider them armed and dangerous. Good luck,” Cassandra added before leaving. 
“Thank you, Ms. Foreshadow,” replied the detective.
“And it will be best if you keep our names out of it, but if you must, it is okay,” Cassandra volunteered. Cassandra sat back down and stared into space while she experienced another premonition. Cassandra saw three men sitting in a car watching something off in the distance. Something she could not see. 

Chapter Seven – News Media
Friday July 15, 2005

Cassandra’s phone rang waking her from a sound sleep. “Hello.”
“Turn on the TV to channel 99,” Max said quickly.
“This is TV 99 News Westmoreland County Correspondent Harris Lowtalent reporting from the Hempfield Square Giant Eagle. This morning around 8:40 am two men were arrested while allegedly attempting to rob an armor car delivering change and picking up receipts from the Giant Eagle here in Greensburg. Westmoreland County Sheriff Deputies and troopers from the Pennsylvania State Police were waiting for them and averted a potential bloody confrontation. This reporter was also present yesterday at the sheriff’s office when Cassandra Foreshadow and Max Solution where both spotted speaking with Detective Hardly of the Westmoreland County Sheriff’s Department. This may be a coincidence and may not be. This reporter has and will attempt to confirm or deny any connection between the firm of Foreshadow, Solution & Associates and the arrest today in Greensburg. This has been a special breaking news report by Harris Lowtalent, Westmoreland County Correspondent for TV 99 News. We return you to our regularly scheduled programming already in progress.” 
“In the future we are going to have to meet in a secluded garage somewhere,” Max offered. 
“Don’t worry just think of it as free advertising,” Cassandra replied as she heard both Number 10 and Number 20’s landline phones ring. She was certain it was someone in the news media calling for a comment on this latest news report. 
Cassandra rolled out of bed, showered, and began to eat breakfast when there was a loud banging at the front door. Max was never this loud, it must be someone else. Then the person switched to the door knocker making an awful racket. They would not stop so Cassandra invoked a mild Nerve Tingling Curse:

Twist a thumb
Arm becomes numb
Hand scrunched and cringle
Cause all nerves to tingle

The pounding and noise stopped. 
“I know you are in there,” the person at the door yelled. 
Cassandra was mad now. This necessitated more severe action without revealing she was inside, so it came to The Weather Tether Spell:

“Weather fair and foul.
I control the winds to howl.
Snow and rain.
I direct whether to restrain.
Sleet and hail.
I command which to prevail.
Climate and weather.
I control you altogether.”

As soon Cassandra recited this spell, an intense downpour started just around Witch Hemlock Court, dousing the intruder, soaking them to the bone. Lightning struck close to the rude person but did not hurt them. They retreated to their car that they had left with the windows wide open. They were heard cussing a blue streak as they left. The storm stopped once they were a mile away. 
“My dearest Cassandra, what do you see regarding that news reporter you forced away from your door?” Phoebe Conjurer asked.
Cassandra thought for a second and saw that she had attracted too much attention from the wrong person. 
Phoebe didn’t wait any longer for an answer. “Do NOT do anything further to make the situation worse than it is. Just let happen what will happen and say no comment to everything,” Phoebe ordered. 
Cassandra did not have long to wait. A messenger brought an urgent letter stating that TV 99 was going to run a story listing several unexplained phenomena, members of the law enforcement community and other sources have witnessed. If she wanted to respond to these allegations she only had until 4:00 p.m. today. “What should I do, Phoebe or Sybil?” Cassandra pleaded. 
“What do you see?” Phoebe asked.
“I don’t see anything,” Cassandra admitted. 
“That’s because you are lucky you have two friends in law enforcement because they debunked the information provided by lower level police officers and criminals,” responded Phoebe. “Count your blessings!”
There was another person who noticed Cassandra’s unique abilities and they cannot be so easily convinced to look the other way. 

Chapter Eight – No Win Scenario
Friday July 15, 2005

Max knew something was wrong, but he wasn’t sure what. He sprinted over to Number 10 looking for Cassandra. 
Cassandra had another premonition. One man seen walking into a store to buy something, but it disappeared before she could tell which store it was and what the man wanted. 
Immediately another scene started. Cassandra was in the house at 555 Whistling Spell Street, the lights go out, she is in total darkness. She senses another living thing and several spirits are present. Powerful magic is nearby. She stops and stands still, listening. The premonition ends. 
Knocking on the front door to Number 10. It is Max. “I am going over to that new property of mine and I am settling this dispute once and for all,” Cassandra said as she opened the door for Max. “Please drive me over there, will you Max?”
“Of course, I’ll drive you but where is the property located exactly?” Max asked. 
“Grab your magnifying glass and invoke the Tracker Tracer Spell and it will tell you,” Cassandra answered. 
“Got it,” Max replied then ran to get his magnifying glass. He returned and got in the car and recited The Tracker Tracer Spell:

“Magic give me the knack. 
And help me to track.
When clues I lack.”

Max placed his magnifying glass on top of the speedometer. An arrow appeared on the magnifying glass showing which direction he should drive. He set off driving and he was determined not to ask any additional questions. 
“Okay you have questions, here is my logic on the subject,” Cassandra rattled off. “A normal non-magical person would visit the house so if I don’t, the other side knows that I know something which gives me away as a sorceress and seer. They will not stop until they get their answers so rather than prolonging this agony, I am going to settle it once and for all. They are only interested in me, so no you can’t come inside with me because they will not proceed with their tests of me and it will just put off the inevitable confrontation. Yes, I will be okay, they on the other hand are going to wish they left me alone!” Cassandra angrily complained. 
Max realized that he had to think about something else when he was around Cassandra. 
“No Max, you better listen to me or you will really be in trouble.” Cassandra insisted, folding her arms across her chest while glaring out the car window in the opposite direction from where Max was sitting. 
Whistling Spell Street was a real hoot. Some may say it was spooky, it was rather dark even on this sunny day. Tall sugar maple trees lined it, surrounded it, and hid it. Houses were spaced far apart, and the street curved one way then the other, so each house was hidden from its neighbor. Houses were staggered first one on the left side and none across the street then one on the right side and none across from it and so on. All were three stories high with a full-size attic making four stories so to speak. Slate roofs, brick homes with stained glass windows. Big front yards pushing the house farther back off the street. No streetlights and no pole lights. 555 was at the end of street, next to a thick forest which made it doubly secluded.  
Just before the two teenagers arrived at the desired address, a premonition started, with Cassandra watching from above herself in her present surroundings. She could tell her mood was not pleasant. 
Cassandra got out and sprinted for the door. She said a spell to herself opening the front door. Once inside she stopped and using another spell, she slammed the door shut making it bang loudly. She was in total darkness but with her enhanced senses she could see as if the room was lit up in a low light. 
Showing no fear, she paused, tapping her foot waiting for a response, a question, an attack, anything. She reached out with her mind, scanning the place, and taking inventory of its contents. A magical amulet in a drawer in the lamp table next to the sofa. A hidden door guarded with a Sentry and Alarm Spells that led to a hidden armory of magical firearms. She inventoried those, 25 revolvers, 14 shotguns, and 20 long guns from muzzle loaders, deer rifles, up to high end sniper rifles, and hundreds of rounds of magical projectiles. A hidden wall safe with extensive wards and protective, some may say booby-trapped, curses. None of which would stop her. There was a library full of books some of which were hidden, and others were password protected. She grew tired of scanning the place with its subpar security. She concentrated on the entire structure and cast a Neutralize Magic Curse:

“Spells and curses drop.
And cause all magic to stop.” 

This neutralized everything in one fell swoop. She waited again, nothing. Then she undid it, using the Undo Spell:

“With this curse.
Please reverse.
With all effects not adverse.”

“Quit bothering me,” she yelled. “I do NOT need your weak excuse for magic. But thanks for the house anyway. Next time you have questions send a letter.”  Then she sensed something altogether different. Something incredibly old. It was moving toward her in the dark. She stood her ground and did nothing, raising no additional defense and not attacking. She then saw something hidden deep downstairs in a safe within a larger safe within a vault all warded even stronger than anything she noticed before. She saw a ring of ancient power in front of her which was highly valued. Cassandra invoked a Retrieve Spell:

“Let me be clear.
You need to steer.
And bring it here.” 

She held out her hand and without opening any safe or vault the ring appeared in her hand. She tossed it back to the ancient apparition in front of her. “Can I go now?” Cassandra asked, never missing a beat. 
“You’ve come a long way from that scared little girl quaking at the top of the steps to the library inside Number 10 Witch Hemlock Court,” the ancient apparition said telepathically. “And when you are called you will come without delay.” 
“It better be worth my time,” Cassandra arrogantly shot back. Something told Cassandra to scan the library one last time. She sensed one book incredibly old and brittle. She retrieved it. “Thank you for the gift,” came out of Cassandra’s mouth before she could think. There was no answer. She knew she should leave. She exited, this time much quieter than during her entrance. She glanced down at the book and the title scrawled across the cover, and after she read each word, the letters disappeared. Its title was Difficult Decisions and Decisive Directives. 
“You should invite me to Number 10, it is only common courtesy to do so,” the ancient apparition said.  
The premonition ended. This scenario did not feel right. 
Now back in real time, Cassandra took a completely different approach. She calmly walked up to the door and inserted the key and opened the heavy oak door. She stepped inside and looked for a light switch. Finding one she tried it, but nothing happened. Cassandra just stood there in the entry way quietly waiting for some response. Even with the front door open there was almost no light. “Next time I will bring a flashlight, this is useless,” Cassandra whispered. She turned and left closing the door the old-fashioned way. She relocked the door and turned to go home.
Cassandra heard a voice only in her head, “Please wait I have a gift for you.”
Cassandra kept walking never acknowledging the invitation. She sensed huge disappointment from the unseen apparition. 
“Nothing there but a dark house. I will have to bring a flashlight next time,” Cassandra told Max when she got back to the car.
Max said nothing, he knew better than to ask any questions. 

Chapter Nine - Difficulties
Friday July 15, 2005

The ride home was devoid of conversation. Cassandra wondered why she hadn’t received any guidance from Phoebe or Sybil? 
“Maybe you should ask,” came a telepathic response from Phoebe.
“Please can I have a critique of my actions?” Cassandra pleaded psychically. 
“Your premonition saved you, maybe. You took the safe approach, I think. The question you must ask yourself, did the apparition, as you called the entity, know what you could do or not? And was that book? A gift or a trojan horse? Was it rude not to invite the entity to Number 10? Or was that the correct move? It may come down to, do you need help from another or are you good to go with the allies you have now?” Phoebe replied telepathically. 
“I am happy with the allies that I have now,” Cassandra communicated to Phoebe and to Sybil if she was listening. But Cassandra wasn’t sure that was the right question? 
Another premonition hit Cassandra. She saw a woman wearing a floppy hat, carrying a shopping bag stop and sit briefly in the common area of a mall. She made a phone call and talked with someone for three minutes. After she hung up, she stood up and walked out of the mall leaving the shopping bag behind. The premonition ended. 

Chapter Ten – Whistling Spell Street
Friday July 15, 2005

After returning to Number 10, Max had the idea of researching the other houses on Whistling Spell Street. But he had no luck. He tried an Internet search and there was no Whistling Spell Street anywhere. But his Sherlock Holmes magnifying glass knew where it was. And something told him that Cassandra knew where it was without any magnifying glass. Max thought it was time to hit the books and see if there was an answer in Number 10’s library. 
“I’ll help you out, Max,” Phoebe Conjurer interrupted. “Whistling Spell Street exists only in the magical world. It is a way to protect magical assets from the normal world to put it simply. I would not recommend it. Some say it is a way to escape the non-magical world and escape any responsibility to help the normal world.” 
“Then forget that, I am never going back. What good is being able to perform magic if you can’t make life easier by making normal everyday tasks easier for you and non-magical people?” Max said forcefully. 
“Good for you!” replied Phoebe enthusiastically. 
Cassandra had heard every word and agreed with Max. She was disappointed in herself, disappointed that she hadn’t figure this out. Cassandra was also impressed that Max had decided what was right with limited premonition, clairvoyance, and psychic ability. She knew that Max had come to a life altering fork in the road and he had selected the correct path for both teenagers. Cassandra also knew that their lives would be joined for centuries. 

Chapter Eleven – Missy Rival
Saturday July 16, 2005

“Hello Max, it’s Missy Rival, how are you?” 
Max was glad to hear from his sister even if it was just a phone call. “Hi! It’s great to hear from you, Missy!” Max replied enthusiastically. “Why don’t you come over and stay for lunch? I can come over and pick you up.” 
“Thank you. I would like to visit with you. Whenever you can come over, I will be ready,” Missy replied. 
“I’ll be right over!” Max replied. Then he remembered that he never told his parents about his sisters. He went into the kitchen where his parents were sitting. “Good you’re both here! I have two sisters! I am going to go pick one up to meet you! She was one of the Rival Sisters who attacked us, but this sister, Missy is her name, saved me when she found out that I was her brother who she thought was killed. And she has renounced magic and is powerless!” Max blurted out, breathing extremely fast. He looked to one parent then the other and they were shocked into silence. “Good, I will be right back! Maybe you can invite the Foreshadows over for breakfast!” With that, Max ran out the door. 
 While driving over to pick up Missy, Max called his parents and pleaded with them to allow Missy to stay with them. Mrs. Solution said yes before her husband could say no. Max picked up Missy and drove back for a family reunion. Once at Number 20, everyone was introduced to each other and many apologies were offered and even some laughter was heard.
After several minutes of conversation Missy raised the subject that was on several individuals’ minds. “You all probably want to know why I rejected magic. I did not want to be used for evil purposes. I made the decision that I would rather have no magical ability if it meant hurting others,” Missy said. “I had been considering rejecting magic for some time and when I was made aware of Max’s true identity, it just made it that much easier. I am so happy that I did too. It is nonreversible and it has made me totally uninteresting to my sister. Since I have no magic for Minerva to use or steal, she will not bother me in the least.” 
“My husband and I as well as Max would love for you to stay with us, Missy,” Mrs. Solution offered. 
“That is exceedingly kind of you, but I think it is time for me get on with my life. I want to make a clean break with magic, so it is best that I live elsewhere,” Missy said. 
Cassandra knew that Missy didn’t want to be reminded of what she had lost and that she knew without possessing magic, she would always be an outsider. And if she were to accept a ring of power from Max, that Minerva would return seeking vengeance and that would put the entire household at risk. Cassandra, on the other hand, wasn’t so sure Missy’s magical days were over. 
Missy thanked everyone and said she may be back for the holidays to bring presents. Then she finally said goodbye. Max took her to a rent-a-car place, and she left town. Max couldn’t help but feel that part of him had left town too. 

Chapter Twelve – A Little Help from your Friends
Saturday July 16, 2005

On the ride back home, Max decided it was time to help his mother out by using magic to complete some common household chores. 
“Mother, magic can make your life easier and you can practice at the same time. Then if you must defend yourself or someone else you will be better prepared,” Max suggested. “Take that basket of newly washed towels. It’s not so much the words but visualizing what you want to accomplish first then reciting. Let me try this Folding Spell:

Mesmerize to organize.
Twinkle to unwrinkle.
Foretold to fold.
Chant to supplant.

No sooner had Max finished reciting than all the towels popped into the air folded themselves then stacked themselves neatly back in the basket. 
“Now let’s try this,” Max added. “Dishwash Sparkle Spell:

Invoke and soak.
Drench without a wench.
Scrub and rub off the grub.
Splash but don’t smash.
Convince to rinse.
Leave high and dry.
Then pack and stack.

After he had finished speaking, the sink filled with hot water and soap, the dishes, glasses, and silverware one by one were washed, rinsed, dried, and put away. Max’s mother even smiled. 
“We’re still going to buy a dishwasher,” Mr. Solution added. 
Everyone laughed except Cassandra. She experienced another premonition. She saw a young lady in a floppy hat buying dozens of firecrackers. Then the psychic scene ended.
But Cassandra then experienced a terrible sense of dread. Someone else had noticed the success of the firm of Foreshadow, Solution & Associates. And just because the two teenagers were not given credit for thwarting some recent plots, it didn’t mean that they hadn’t been noticed for being behind the arrest of several recent criminals. 

Chapter Thirteen – Looming Disaster
Saturday July 16, 2005

In a secluded farmhouse several hundred yards back from Route 119 between Greensburg and Crabtree, two men are planning their next heist in the central Westmoreland County area. 
“It’s time our two teenage crime stoppers get a taste of their own medicine,” Jason Peril promised. “Alistair take the Henchmont brothers and see if you can kidnap Cassandra Foreshadow. Just observe yourself, there may be more to this teenager than we know. Be careful. Instruct the brothers to shoot her if she resists. Watch out for Max Solution. Use any force necessary. I am tired of those two crime fighters disrupting my plans! The first thing to do is to spoof their phones so we can listen in to their conversations. Then we’ll go from there. If you get lucky, kidnap the girl and we’ll interrogate her here. Try to do this at nighttime and if that doesn’t work, use the road construction survey team ruse so you can stay in the neighborhood without attracting attention.”
 Later that night the three men drove to Witch Hemlock Court to observe Cassandra Foreshadow. They parked just off Route 1239 and walked up the path to Number 10. 
Ghost, Max’s pet wolf, howls loudly at the approach of the three men. 
Cassandra sensed that danger was approaching from an unknown source. She calls Max using her cellphone. “Max, stay inside, some men are approaching up the path from the road below,” Cassandra ordered her neighbor. Her threat index registers at five. This index is something new for her, she hopes it is accurate. Her psychic ability tells her to keep the conversation short. Cassandra breathed a deep sigh of relief as the threat subsided as the three intruders returned to their car and left the area. Cassandra called a meeting of both families inside of Number 10. 
“Thank you all for coming over. My psychic ability is improving, and I wanted to alert you to what I have learned. Please stay inside as much as a possible and always wear your pendants of protection. Max, please supply all residents with a pendant with wards of protection. It is likely Max and my cellphone were cloned and compromised this evening. We will have to speak in code or use our landline phones until we ask our FBI friends for help. I have now received something called a threat index and I will communicate this to you. So, if I say TI7 you will know that I mean Threat Index Seven.” 
Cassandra concentrated and produced her threat index in paper form for each resident at the meeting. Here is the list:

Level 10: Highest Threat. Extreme Danger. Fatal Results Possible. Magical Capture & Imprisonment Possible. Breach of Number 10 Likely. Breach of Number 10’s Library Likely.
Level 9: Highest Threat. Extreme Danger. Fatal Results Possible. Loss of Magical Assets or Ability Possible. Breach of Number 10 Likely. Breach of Number 10’s Library Likely.
Level 8: Highest Threat. Extreme Danger. Fatal Results Possible. Breach of Number 10 Likely.
Level 7: Highest Threat. Extreme Danger. Permanent Physical Injury Possible. Breach of Number 10 Possible.
Level 6: High Threat. Danger. Physical Injury Possible. Breach of Number 10 Possible.
Level 5: High Threat. Danger. Physical Injury Possible.
Level 4: Medium Threat. Number 10 is safe. 
Level 3: Low Threat. Can exit Number 10 with impunity
Level 2: Low threat. Can exit Number 10 with impunity. Safe for parents to exit Number 10.
Level 1: No threat. Normal.

Tonight’s threat was a Level 5. If we stay inside, we will be safe. If you receive a level 10 threat index, flee immediately. Use the Transport/To The Rescue Spell and transport to the Westmoreland County Courthouse and ask for Detective Hardly! If you receive a Level 7 and above, you should do this too!” Cassandra stressed. “Parents take and use the revolvers. Any questions?” 
“Shouldn’t we stay and fight is it is a level 10 threat?” Mr. Solution asked.
“You won’t have a chance. I apologize for my blunt response, but you will just cause someone else to come to your rescue and you will be signing their death sentence or worse. We need to have Missy come talk to us about her experience and how depressing abduction and magical imprisonment can be. Let me be clear. Devlin Rival would have killed three-month-old Max if he had found him. He perceived him as a burden and of no value and if he had let him live Max would have been a threat when he got older so he would have simply eliminated him when he was a baby,” Cassandra outlined in brutal detail. The look on her audiences’ faces told Cassandra that she had got through to her loved ones. It was painful for her to see the anguish she had inflicted on the meeting members. 
Cassandra lost her balance for a second forcing her to sit down. A premonition took control of her. She saw the three men just outside meeting with an extremely powerful fourth man, an experienced and ruthless wizard. Fear overtook her causing her to tremble. She turned away from the premonition because it was too horrible to consider. “What had she got her family and friends in to?” Cassandra thought to herself as she started to cry uncontrollably. It took several minutes of Max and Mrs. Foreshadow consoling Cassandra before she would stop crying. 
Max made several pendants of power with multiple wards distributing them to everyone who didn’t already have one. He refused to leave Number 10, standing sentry, pacing the floor half the night before sleeping on the floor in the entrance hall. 
Cassandra cried herself to sleep, nightmares filling her tortured mind. 

Chapter Fourteen – Darkest Before the Dawn
Sunday July 17, 2005

Next morning the mood was somber until Aunt Helen told a joke lifting everyone’s spirits. Surprisingly, Mrs. Solution was the most upbeat and would not accept defeat without a fight. She threw herself into research of the books in the downstairs hidden library. She was determined to fight any onslaught brought against her extended family. 
Max thought a good offense might be the best defense. He argued that a two-pronged approach might work. Have some wizards attack while others defended. After discussing this option, everyone agreed keeping their forces together and defending a hardened location was the best approach. 
In the book, Detecting, Identifying & Resisting Evil, a moat defense spell was found. By using multiple instances of the curse, attackers could be stuck in between two separate walls of magic. They would be sitting ducks for further attacks.

The Moat Defense:
Impose and Impede.
Is what might succeed.
Install a wall to stall.
So, defenders can maul.
And claw.

If sorcerers in Number 10 Installed one moat and sorcerers from Number 20 installed another it may capture attackers in overlapping moats, barricading the attackers in a small area. Another curse was found that was highly recommended. The Ball of Fire Curse:

Help us from our plight.
Fireball do light.
Inflame and ignite.
Firebomb like dynamite.
Explode and smite.
Retreat do incite.

According to the documentation, it was found that reciting only two lines were necessary to recite for it to be invoked. The more lines chanted the larger the fireball and the more powerful the explosion. 
Cassandra concentrated on the outlaw gang trying to predict some unlawful act so they could be arrested and separated. But none was foretold. She did discover that two of the men were totally lacking magical ability. They were heavily armed just the same. She was able to return to seeing the future without becoming upset to the point of a nervous collapse. 
At one point, Cassandra sat down to rest. Instantly she was transported to another time and place. She saw a man at a gun show buy three low priced shotguns and four .380 pistols. The scene ended as fast as it had started. 
Cassandra was able to continue to research in The Seer’s Handbook to Predictions and Premonitions without incident. The book had guidance that calmed her down considerably. It listed that seeing a terrible premonition often would change its outcome by the mere fact of warning the participants involved. They would be more alert and far more ready for the attack and be braver under pressure having become desensitized to the ferociousness of the assault. And they would know that there are only chance was victory because defeat was unthinkable. 
Mrs. Solutions came up with a significant find from reviewing the book titled Witches Brew – A Manual of Potions and Their Ingredients. She discovered a potion that produced an exploding fireball. This concoction could be made in advance and thrown by weaker sorcerers and nonmagical individuals with very much the same effect. They also could placed as booby traps or used in combination with an Alarm or Sentry Spell and triggered automatically when breached. The downstairs magical library in Number 10 was setup to explode in a fireball destroying all its contents so evil sorcerers could not capture its magical treasure. 
Cassandra kept her secret weapon of placing ideas in other individuals’ minds to herself. She did work on sewing seeds of doubt in Jason Peril’s mind. Only time would tell if she was successful or not. 
Max sensed Cassandra’s low mood and hugged her tightly, eliciting a smile from his friend. He kissed her on her forehead causing her tear up in a good way and generating another inspiring smile. 
Cassandra’s day had been difficult, and she was looking forward to sleeping. She dragged herself upstairs taking abnormally long to scale the staircase. When she reached the top step, a premonition hit her sending her off to another time and place. Cassandra saw a woman in a floppy hat looking at pendants in a glass case. There was a beautiful emerald pendant that Cassandra would love to see hanging around her neck, as well as several ruby pendants complete with matching earrings. Cassandra enjoyed the jewelry so much that she was sad when the psychic episode ended abruptly. 
Max was again on guard duty determined to defeat any and all intruders. His parents did not argue with him because they knew he could transport back over as soon as they weren’t watching. 
Cassandra thought about the maze premonition that she saw a few days back and how she could solve it. She now had the Fireball/Firebomb Curse to use against her pursuer and that was some comfort. She also had more protection thanks to Max’s protection pendant with its many wards installed. She kept telling herself that she was a powerful and resourceful sorceress that could defeat anyone. This made her feel better and allowed her to get some sleep. 
Chapter Fifteen – A Non-Magical Tactic
Monday July 18, 2005

The morning brought a new outlook and a new solution from Mrs. Solution. She thought that Max’s birds of a feather, Nemesis and Minerva could be used to carry Max’s and Cassandra’s cellphones to confuse the Peril gang. Max’s falcon and raven could fly around misleading the enemy for hours. The plan was implemented within minutes. A call was started between the two phones and kept open while the birds were sent hither and yon. They flew off in opposite directions, flew for miles then set down for ten minutes or so. Then took flight and repeated the procedure. For one hour this went on. Then one bird would fly back to Witch Hemlock Court. Rest, get a drink, eat a small snack, then fly off again. Then the other bird would fly back home. Once an hour one bird would fly over the Peril gang’s hangout. After a few hours, the birds flew home for a rest. The phones were disconnected for a few minutes. But the fun just started. Max would call Cassandra and hold a conversation.
“We’re ready. Perform the Peril maneuver,” Max said.
“Understood, synchronizing watches. It will be 11:07 a.m. in 3, 2, 1 now.” 
Or something like this. If there were three members at the gang’s lair and two out and about then,
“Three guns in the holster, two guns disarmed.”
This conversation would usually result in the gang members out and about being called to see if they had been captured. 
Minerva, Max’s Raven, would dive bomb the gang’s hangout and leave a little present right on Jason Peril’s car front windshield and front hood. 
Nemesis, Max’s Falcon, would leave dead mice at the gang’s hideout, right on the front porch steps. 
For one twenty-minute stretch, Max had both birds land on the roof of Troop A Headquarters of the Pennsylvania State Police. This had Jason Peril cussing that the firm of Foreshadow, Solution & Associates was coordinating with law enforcement. Jason wondered if his gang was the subject of the conversation. 
Max called Detective Hardly asking if there were any outstanding warrants for Jason Peril, Alistair Magus or John and Mark Henchmont? Nothing currently outstanding, but they all had prior brushes with the law. Detective Hardly arranged to have a Westmoreland County Sheriff’s car pass the Peril hideout with its lights flashing but no siren. This would be done after dark when the lights were most noticeable. 
Mrs. Solution called Detective Hardly letting him know about Cassandra’s concerns. Detective Hardly then called Special Agent Harriet Lawandorder. He told her about the Foreshadow and Solution families’ predicament. Special Agent Lawandorder had a FBI agent stop by and ask for directions, making sure the agent showed the gang, the agent’s badge.
These actions might not have the desired effect of forcing the Peril gang to leave the area, but it did make the members of the Foreshadow and Solution families feel more in control and not like the victims. This had a healthy positive psychological effect on both families.  Cassandra was the most effected person. Her prediction of an immediate intense threat had substantially subsided. 
Cassandra was never immune from upsetting predictions. Cassandra was sleeping soundly when a premonition started playing out in her head. She saw three men place shotguns inside of large duffel bags and sling them over their shoulders. The scene disappeared as fast as it had appeared. Cassandra trembled in fear while hugging her pillow. 
Max was jolted from sleep too. He felt Cassandra’s distress, but he knew better than to call her or ask anything about it. He did send a virtual hug to his business partner and that would ease her worries considerably. 

Chapter Sixteen – A Change in Scenery
Tuesday July 19, 2005

Max woke up and he had an idea. He was often better coming up with proposals rather than picking which ones were good suggestions. He thought Cassandra needed some time off. A change of scenery would do her good. Even if it was only a restaurant for breakfast or a movie theater to take her mind off her psychic onslaught, she needed a break and Max was determined to try. So, after he took his parents to work, he called Cassandra via landline. “Cassandra, how about we go out for breakfast?” 
“I don’t think that would be a good idea, but thanks anyway,” Cassandra replied quickly. “Who would defend Number 10?” She added. 
“Your mother drives to work herself?” Max questioned his friend.
“C’mon you know Minerva and Nemesis fly above her as well as flying with you when you drop off your parents. And the cars have wards installed also,” Cassandra countered. 
“How about a drive-in theater then?” Max asked.
“No, I am staying here, and you should come over. NOW!” Cassandra added. “And don’t walk over, transport over. I am not opening a door for you!”
“Okay, I’ll be right over,” Max finally agreed. He transported over to the entry hall of Number 10. 
“Thank you for coming over this morning,” Cassandra said. “Let me concentrate on Jason Peril and his gang, asking the question, ‘How do they support themselves? Where does their money come from?’”
Max waited patiently.
Cassandra saw members of the gang use magic to scan for cars with valuables hidden in their trunks and other compartments. They would open the cars and steal anything valuable, computers, cash, credit cards, phones anything. Sometimes they would crack the passwords and sell the information on the computers. They also would steal the car itself and sell it off as parts. “It seems the Pillar gang breaks into cars and steals valuables and the cars themselves. If their source of funds dries up, they may leave. Maybe we should disrupt their plans, what do you think, Max?”
“Sounds like an excellent plan to me!” Max agreed. 
“What I need is a surveillance type spell to keep me homed in on a particular target,” Cassandra said. “How about this?”

Seer’s Surveillance Spell:
This person I must tail.
So, leave me a visible trail.
Their scheme I will curtail.
And land this person in jail.

“Excellent!” Max exclaimed.
Cassandra invoked the spell concentrating on the Peril Gang. She saw several scenes at once, a box for each location, with the address written at the bottom of each box. Then Cassandra recites:

Record a Movie:
Scene recorded.
We are rewarded.
Arrest is ordered.

And the movie is recorded, time and date stamps included, appearing in her email ready to send to the police. By concentrating again, she can zoom in to capture the faces clear as day so there is no dispute who the perpetrator is. She also captures the license plate numbers of the cars involved also. She calls Detective Hardly and then sent him an email, warrants based on anonymous video surveillance is issued for the gangs’ arrest. The two Henchmont brothers are caught in the act and then they are arrested. A warrant is obtained to search the Peril hideout as well. Several stolen items are recovered. 
“I like your variation on a change of scenery,” Max declared!
Cassandra just laughed, thinking what a great team the two teenagers made.
Sybil and Phoebe smile too, noting the disappearance of dark premonitions, at least for the time being. 

Chapter Seventeen – A Backlash is Brewing
Tuesday July 19, 2005

Jason Peril and Alistair Magus narrowly escaped capture by the police. They were able to distract the officiers while slipping out the back door. They walked through a wooded area and then stole a car from a nearby farm. While driving the two heard radio reports that a BOLO (Be On the Look Out for) was issued for the two men. Television station reports would also show their DMV photos by 5:00 p.m. 
“Jason. Let’s leave this state and start over somewhere safer.” Alistair proposed.
“I want to make those two brats suffer for interfering with my plans!” Jason yelled.
“We will come back and get revenge after it cools off and we have had a chance to regroup. Just for now, and only temporarily we can leave to fight another day. Then we can always come back later. We’ll lull those two teenagers into a false sense of security and take them by surprise when they least expect it.” Alistair countered. 
“Fine let’s head to Kentucky. That ought to be far enough away to escape media attention,” Jason conceded. 
Cassandra hadn’t given up and was alerting the police of the two sorcerers’ escape route. She worried what might happen in a Jason Peril Police confrontation. She debated helping the police in any confrontation but decided against it. She had an intense foreboding that keeping a low profile was far more important than stopping one criminal sorcerer. 
In eastern Pennsylvania, Minerva Rival was watching the Westmoreland County news reports with intense interest. She hadn’t forgotten her failure and she also wanted revenge. 
Desiree Siren and Ethan Fulton were also licking their wounds and waiting to take revenge. 
The list of sorcerers that had an intense hatred of Cassandra Foreshadow and were waiting to get even with her was growing longer by the day. 
Sybil Hazard knew that sooner or later a final outcome would be determined and only one side would survive. She prayed that Cassandra will be the one who would triumph. 

Chapter Eighteen – United We Stand
Wednesday July 20, 2005

Mrs. Solution had become quite the bookworm. She immersed herself in the manuscripts located in the hidden library in Number 10’s hidden subbasement. She was constantly practicing too. Mrs. Solution was determined to help her son in any way she could. She also wanted to defend her home, Number 20, which was a secondary priority as far as most of the Foreshadow and Solution families’ members were concerned. 
Mr. Solution supported his wife and son. Mrs. Solution coaxed her husband to memorize and practice spells and curses stressing everyone was important and there could be no weak links that could be exploited. 
Mrs. Solution thought that potions were more or less forgotten. She believed that if the body was weak then the magic would be weak. Healthy food will result in a healthy body and in more robust magic. Mrs. Solution also believed that the extra love added to any recipe would also bolster a person’s spirit and their magic. And every great cook adds that special unique ingredient that makes their recipe, their version of a classic dish that much more extra special and memorable. She made it her mission to supply the other inhabitants of Witch Hemlock Court with healthy magic sustaining sustenance. What could be more magic enhancing than a great Thanksgiving Dinner shared with family and friends, allies and fellow defenders standing against all that is evil and cruel. One set of sorcerers united to protect and foster all that is good and compassionate. 
Jewel Diamond Sunrise Solution did come up with one potion of her own. She took several flowers from her garden and mixed them together, then added some peach juice squeezing their scents together creating an interesting pleasantly aromatic concoction.  Then she cast a spell creating a potion that would repel evil. She figured anything evil would smell bad and could not stand anything that smelled this good. She mixed Lily of the Valley, Hyacinth, Rose, Lavender, Gardenia, Jasmine and peaches. She then invoked the Perfume Potion Spell:

With this spell.
Evil do repel.
Enemy’s attack dispel.
Take this mixture.
Change this picture.
And defeat this trickster.

After the potion was created, Cassandra in her bedroom sat down as she experienced an intense psychic episode. So intense it was that she cannot remember it after she saw it. She only knew that Jewel Diamond Sunrise Solution, Potion Sorcerer, would play a key role in a decisive magical battle that occurred sometime in the future.
Chapter Nineteen – Chits Called In
Wednesday July 20, 2005

The landline phone rang at Number 10. Cassandra knew that this was one time the phone should be answered. 
“Hello Special Agent Lawandorder,” Cassandra stated. 
“I could use your help with a time sensitive interrogation,” requested Harriet Lawandorder. 
“I’ll be right there,” Cassandra replied. Then she invoked the To the Rescue – Transport Spell:

Do not extort.
Convey and Transport.
Disregard time and space.
And send me to the proper place.

Cassandra appeared next to Special Agent Lawandorder, who had an FBI Visitor placard ready for her. They stood on the darkened or observation side of a one-way mirror. On the other side was a domestic terrorist, resistant to any reasonableness, hostile, menacing and lacking any sympathy. His name was Lester Hammer, fifty-five years old. 
“We have been interrogating this guy for three days without any luck. We are convinced that he knows about an imminent vicious attack. Please can you help,” pleaded Agent Lawandorder. 
“Ask him about Granny Williams? Ask him to talk about her?” Cassandra suggested.
“Lester, tell me about Granny Williams?” whispered the FBI interrogator. 
Lester did a double take. He hadn’t thought about his grandmother in decades. She had raised him from a baby until he was eight years old. She was the only person who had ever loved or cared about him. He remembered one memory of a Christmas, opening a gift-wrapped package, containing that video game he so wanted. It was his best Christmas ever. It was the last Christmas he received a gift of any kind. His eyes watered. 
The interrogator knew that he had hit a soft spot. Now his training told him what to do. “Lester, tell me about Granny Williams?” She asked again. 
Lester spoke for the next twenty minutes about his grandmother. He often smiled remembering happier times. He finally stopped.
“What would Granny Williams say to you now, Lester?”
“Don’t give into hate, Lester!” Lester replied without hesitating. 
He proceeded to give the whereabouts of a terrorist bomb making factory and the names of thirty–four other domestic terrorists. 
“Do you need anything else, Agent Lawandorder?” Cassandra asked.
“Thanks, that will be all for today,” She replied.
“Anytime and thank you for assisting with our Jason Peril problem. Oh, one last thing, here is a cell phone you may find extremely helpful. You have a warrant for a phone number of John Jones-Smith, but he keeps using burner phones with different phone numbers. He constantly changes phone numbers so by the time you realize what his current number is, he has moved to another number. Here, this phone is special; it will automatically and immediately clone any phone Mr. Jones-Smith decides to use. This phone will help you catch Jones-Smith. Good luck,” Cassandra responded as she handed the agent a magical cellphone and her visitor pass back. She then transported back home. 

Chapter Twenty – Something Unexpected
Wednesday July 20, 2005

For several days, Max had noticed a silver Trailblazer tailing him when he dropped off his parents at work. The SUV was always a few cars behind him. No one ever approached him or tried to speak with him. There were two people in the car but he never got a good look at SUV’s occupants. 
One night he decided to find out more about his pursuers. He researched his route to work and mapped out a different path to take. First thing he tried was to switch which parent he dropped off first. The silver SUV was still there, four cars back tailing him as usual. Then he used the Traffic Signal Spell:

Green light.
understand my plight.
please delight.
limit my enemies’ flight.
and see if you might.
change to a red light.

Max went around the block and started following the silver SUV. He pulled over when they went into a shopping center parking lot. Two women exited the silver SUV. Max approached them. 
“We wondered when you would notice us,” a tall woman who exited the passenger’s side of the silver SUV confronted Max. 
Max just waited and said nothing. He went around the back of the silver SUV and wrote down the license plate number and then he recorded the VIN from the dashboard. He looked inside the car and noticed TV 99 promotional items in the back seat. He walked away and got back in his car. 
“That’s it? How about an interview?” yelled the tall woman. 
Max just drove off, using the Traffic Signal Spell to turn the light red behind him. He was determined to not have anyone following him in case a quick escape or a desperate rescue was necessary. He would disrupt the silver SUV’s path by using the Traffic Signal Spell each day until they stopped following him. For a week after, both Number 10 and Number 20’s landline phone received calls and messages requesting an interview. They even left questions as messages expecting a response. One question that TV 99 asked, was how Max had triggered the traffic light to change from green to red. 
Cassandra explained to Max that the reporters were just doing their jobs and not to take it personally. She thought there may come a time when they might need a news organization like TV 99 but not right now. Secrecy was important. Cassandra stressed to Max that keeping a low profile was important. She thought that they had already attracted enough attention. Max felt responsible for some of Cassandra’s distress and he was sorry for that. He would be less obvious in the future. 

Chapter Twenty-One – Under the Weather
Wednesday July 20, 2005

“Achoo… achoo… achoo!” Cassandra sneezed three times. She woke feeling terrible. All the stress had finally worn her down and made her susceptible to picking up a cold or some other ailment. “Noooo!” Cassandra yelled pounding the table. 
“What’s wrong?” Max asked, worried for his friend.
“I am… blind!” Cassandra shouted! “Achoo!”
Max suddenly realized what she meant. He didn’t guess it; he knew what happened. He could sense that she had lost her psychic ability. Max concentrated and sent a plea to Sybil Hazard and to Phoebe Conjurer, “Please can you help? Cassandra needs help now, please?” 
“Max, this can happen, but it is unusual. It is not because she is sick with a cold. It is because she is sick of all the responsibility, she needs a break. What do you feel?” Sybil responded whispering. 
“I feel bad for Cassandra, I knew she needed a break, but she didn’t want to take one,” Max telepathically communicated with Sybil. 
“Convince her to relax, that is a must! Do it now!” Sybil replied telepathically. 
“Cassandra, come with me. Come watch a comedy or read a book. Just relax and take your mind off everything. That is an order from Sybil Hazard, got it?” Max ordered his friend. To Max’s surprise Cassandra complied with his order and sat in front of the TV to watch a comedy. 

Chapter Twenty-Two – One Step Back
Thursday July 21, 2005

Cassandra had trouble sleeping. She tossed and turned. She looked out the window, she even paced back and forth in her bedroom. 
Max could tell Cassandra was upset but he felt powerless about helping her. He worried most of the night too. About 3:00 a.m. he finally fell asleep from exhaustion. 
Max squinted as bright flashes of light lit his bedroom. After fifteen separate light flashes he woke up and looked at the clock on the table next to his bed. It said it was 4:13 a.m. More light flashes. Max got up and looked out the window. He saw four sorcerers attacking Number 10! He pulled his pants on and attempted to transport outside. He remained in his bedroom. He tried another destination inside Number 10, still nothing. What was wrong? He called to his parents, and they came running. “Number 10 is under attack and I can’t transport out of my bedroom! Grab your revolvers!” Max shouted! Max ran downstairs and went to the backdoor. He tried to exit but the door wouldn’t open. He tried the Open Door Spell:

Closed door.
Listen to this lore.
I command thee to open as I pass before.
I implore ye door.
Swing open to explore.

Still nothing. He was a prisoner in his own house! “Dial 911,” he asked his parents.
“The landline phone is dead,” Mr. Solution said, slamming the receiver back on its hook. 
Max tried his cellphone, no service. This called for desperate measures. He invoked a Crash Through a Door Curse:

Blast the obstruction.
To its destruction.
So, I can progress.
Without distress.

The back door blasted off its hinges! Max ran out to meet the onslaught. His parents followed guns ready. Two loud cracks were heard. Max felt a sharp pain in his side as a bullet hit him. It bounced off him thanks to his Ward Curse which reversed any attack. One enemy attacker fell, hit by a bullet from his own gun. The other bullet was directed at his father who was on the ground holding his side. The bullet had broken one of his ribs, but the Ward Curse had saved him and reversed the bullet severely wounding the shooter. 
Max recognized Jason Peril, Desiree Siren, Alistair Magus, Ethan Fulton, and Minerva Rival. He aimed a Concussion Curse at the group. 

Knock.
Sock.
Clock.

Desiree Siren, Alistair Magus and Ethan Fulton were sent flying back five feet knocking each evil sorcerer to the ground. Several curses were hurled at Max, hitting him knocking the wind out of him. 
Mr. and Mrs. Solution fired their guns wounding Desiree Siren, Ethan Fulton, and Alistair Magus. Both parents were hit with lightning bolt curses forcing them to take cover. 
Max had recovered and something told him to try a Moat Defense:

Impose and Impede.
Is what might succeed.
Install a wall to stall.
So, defenders can maul
And claw.

This helped, lightning bolt curses bounced off an invisible wall. Max tried several other curses without luck. The Moat Defense Wall was weakening with lightning bolt curses getting closer and closer to the Solution family defenders. One curse got through decking Max, with the teenager lying motionless on the ground. Next to fall was Mr. Solution who had charged firing bullets hitting both remaining sorcerers. He was hit with a concussion curse. 
Mrs. Solution ran to the defense of her family, firing a squirt gun full of her Perfume Potion. The liquid hit both Jason Peril and Minerva Rival. They froze as white smoke began to emit from their bodies growing in intensity until an open flame formed. The two evil sorcerers tried dousing themselves with water, but smoke still was rising off their bodies. They screamed and ran, leaving the field of battle to Potion Sorceress Jewel Diamond Sunrise Solution! She examined her husband and son who had started to recover from the attack. They didn’t have any life-threatening injuries and it appeared they all would survive. She didn’t take any chances and she installed another Magic Moat enclosure. Sirens could be heard as the police drove up. They were called by the neighbors after the evil sorcerers had fled the neighborhood. Cassandra came out of Number 10 with her mother and Aunt. They were locked inside during the attack. Two non-wizard members of the Peril gang were wounded and arrested. 
Detective Hardly ran the investigation. Neighbors described the attack including the flashes of light from some unknown weapon. Most were too afraid to describe the attack in detail just sticking to loud noises and bright flashes of light. 
The media showed up, but everyone kept quiet; too afraid to be labeled insane.  There was little physical evidence other than the wounds of the participants. 
Several days later, the county’s forensic scientist had trouble explaining how the guns found next to the evil aggressors were the same guns that fired the bullets that wounded the same men. The guns had the fingerprints of only one attacker and the bullets that were removed from the wounded criminals came from their own gun. Detective Hardly convinced his boss that the criminals had been confused in the heat of the battle and had shot each other then the guns had been mixed up after the fact. 
As soon as the attack ended, Cassandra returned to normal. A gusher of premonitions flooding her mind, some of which actually brought a smile to her face. 

Chapter Twenty-Three – Media Reports
Thursday July 21, 2005

Next morning Casandra read the local newspaper with interest. There were reports from motorists riding by on Route 1239 of intense bright white light flashes coming from Witch Hemlock Court. Some witnesses stated that the flashes looked like lightning striking an invisible bowl dispersing the lightning over a rounded surface. 
Special Agent Harriet Lawandorder and Detective Hardly had a new appreciation for the threat that the two teenagers residing at Witch Hemlock Court lived under every second of every day. 
Cassandra and Max knew there were numerous others around the world who noticed the news reports and understood what the strange witness accounts meant. 
Sybil explained why the Perfume Potion had worked when extremely powerful magic had failed. Potions are the oldest magic and are often ignored. Most sorcerers never are exposed to any potions and they do not know how to defend themselves against a potions attack. 
TV 99 reported the facts meaning the arrests of the two men and not much else. They were now officially not mentioning the firm of Foreshadow, Solutions & Associates. 
Several “for sale signs” appeared in the yards of homes on Witch Hemlock Court. There was too much excitement for most non-magical people. 
Meanwhile, Jason Peril and Minerva Rival argued with each other over who was at fault for not breaching Number 10. 
“I guess your bark was worse than your bite!” yelled Minerva holding an ice pack to her head. 
“You told me that there would not be any resistance,” Jason yelled back at Minerva. Red blisters on his hands and arms. “What was that liquid?”
“Some kind of potion I have never seen before,” complained Desiree. “And that Solution family is a complete surprise. I could not find any information on them that tied them to a magical family. The Foreshadow/Conjurer clan had a history of unexplained events. Now you can add the Solutions who are even more of a mystery than their neighbors!” 
Minerva started to say something but stopped in mid-word. It all fell into place. Well what do you know, a little brother. She now understood why her sister had turned on her. How could she have missed this? No wonder there is no magic history in the Solutions family. Max sure changed that! And that mother of his, she sure has found some magic. 
“You’re awful quiet, Minerva?” Jason asked watching the gears turning inside of Minerva’s head. 
“Max Solution is the key. He is the powerful wizard holding the two families together. Take him out and the others will fall. I am sure of it,” Minerva stated calmly. She saw her little brother, remembering him as a three-week-old baby, smiling, sucking on his fingers. It didn’t matter to her, he was now just an obstacle in her way, and he had something she wanted, something she needed. She would never be powerless again, never! She would never be the victim again! Never the prey, always the predator, always the DOMINANT, THE MASTER! 

Chapter Twenty-Four – Potion Power
Thursday July 21, 2005

“What can we do differently to strengthen our defenses?” Max asked.
“Good question. I wish I knew,” Cassandra replied. “Time to go back to the books.”
“There was my mother’s Perfume Potion. That seemed to stop them in their tracks. We need to use her potion and check on some even more potent potions,” Max suggested. 
Mrs. Solution had taken the day off given the circumstances. She got together with Cassandra, and Max to show them what she had found out about potions. Her primary source of information was in Witches Brew – A Manual of Potions and Their Ingredients. This book was like all the books in the hidden library. They were protected from enemy eyes. The text would only appear to members of the Foreshadow and Solution families. The pages were blank until the proper sorcerer gazed upon the page, then the words would appear one letter at a time written in long hand just as Sybil Hazard had originally written it. After the words were read, they would disappear until needed. 
The three sorcerers huddled together to read the book. “Let me help you, I will gladly read the page to you three, one of you can still see the words on the page but it may make it more comfortable for the three of you,” Sybil telepathically spoke to three simultaneously.
“Thank you, Sybil, that would be helpful,” answered Cassandra. 
Cassandra held the book and listened as Sybil narrated. She started at the beginning. “Potions can receive power from the earth via herbs, spices and anything grown in the earth, a.k.a. food. The earth is looking to sustain, encourage, and nurture life. And not just any life, but honest, sympathetic, friendly, compassionate life. There is immense power in a mighty Sequoia tree and it is willing to share its strength with the sorcerer who is worthy of assisting, worthy of defending, worthy of standing with against evil, against hatred, against violence, against oppression.” 
Those words stayed on the page, and Cassandra knew it was not yet time to turn the page. These words needed to sink in deep and be embraced by the three sorcerers. 
Sybil continued, “Potions are the power of nature pledging itself to the sorcerer who asks for assistance. This pledged power can transform a non-magical person into an overwhelming and undeniable force! Use this power wisely!”
“In addition, plants such as rose bushes can be requested to act on a worthy sorcerer’s behalf. Its thorns are a painful and effective weapon that can be called on to assist the worthy person. Know that you are not alone, the whole world is standing with you.” Sybil declared. 
There was a pause, then another sentence slowly appeared on the page, “In the modern parlance, you would say that nature has your back. Use potions to your advantage. Evil does not respect this ancient force. Evil sorcerers will overlook this powerful asset. Don’t make the same mistake.” Sybil recommended. 
Mrs. Solution now had the excuse she needed to plant more rose bushes and more vegetables and herbs. She loved growing things and gardening. 
“Cinnamon can be blown in an intruder’s face. Garlic is a powerful spice also. Both produce oil when pressed which can be used in a potion. Honey also can be used and the bees themselves can attack intruders. These are just a few examples,” Sybil suggested. 
Mrs. Solution had learned at work of a beekeeper where she could purchase a colony. She would set this in motion today. 
“Garlic and fennel are powerful and delicious herbs. Their aromas alone can discourage attacks,” Sybil recommended. She was about to say something more when she suddenly stopped. 
Cassandra’s face went blank and she stared off into space. She was whisked away to another time and place. Once there, she experienced a detailed and lengthy premonition. After a several minutes she snapped out of her trance. She trembled for a second and her demeanor turned serious. She knew exactly what she had to do. The potions lesson was postponed for now, Cassandra had something more important to do. “I have to go, please continue without me,” Cassandra said as she left the room. 
“It is a good place to pause and implement some of things learned today, don’t you think, Jewel?” Sybil asked telepathically. 
“Yes, I have may ideas to implement,” replied Jewel, happy she could contribute to the “war” effort. 
Max knew it was his task to assist his mother confident that she knew exactly what to do and that she would play an integral role in securing Witch Hemlock Court. 
Cassandra called Detective Hardly and outlined what would happen the next day. She had to take a break several times during their conversation. Her clairvoyant abilities were in overdrive. 

Chapter Twenty-Five – Working Quickly
Thursday July 21, 2005

Max and his mother headed to the nearest nursery and acquired several rose bushes, high quality topsoil, two shovels and flower food as Max called it. They also stopped at a grocery store loading up on supplies and spices. 
Jewel took control of the situation and worked the hardest planting up a storm. They concentrated on the front and rear entrances to both Number 10 and Number 20 placing several rose bushes to guard their and their friends’ homes. They also strategically placed some rose bushes all around each home leaving the yards between the two addresses free while guarding the perimeter of the two. When they were away from prying eyes in the backyards of the two addresses, they used some magical help to lessen the load. Max quickly came up with the Jewel Solution Rose Planting Program:

Magic reduce our struggle.
To dig with this shovel.
Render our output double.
To stay out of trouble.
We need to hustle.
And require more muscle.

Before the two realized they were done and just in time to take a quick shower and prepare dinner. The weather had cooperated providing an overcast day cutting down on the direct sunshine and the temperature and providing a cool dry breeze to cool off the two hardworking sorcerers. 
Sybil Hazard fought the urge to help, confident that Mrs. Solution had everything under control. 

Chapter Twenty-Six – Difference Maker
Friday July 22, 2005

Detective Hardly had contacted the Pennsylvania State Police about Cassandra’s extremely detailed “anonymous” information. As a result, the two agencies had plain clothes troopers and some of Hardly’s own men stationed in various places around the Kay Jewelers store at Westmoreland Mall. There were troopers inside the store posing as employees and customers. There were two officers waiting at one end of the mall. At 10:05 a.m. a young lady in a floppy hat left a package full of firecrackers behind at one end of the mall. She was followed by several troopers. At 10:07 a.m. the firecrackers inside the left behind package started to explode. Customers frantically started running toward the exits. The lady in the floppy hat was rushed and arrested immediately. Three men entered the jewelry store and before they could pull out their shotguns, they were surrounded by troopers with their guns drawn. All four individuals were arrested without incident and any shots being fired. The firecrackers were left to go off and then the remains were scooped up by a bomb squad robot and taken outside. It was an impressive display of law enforcement planning and coordination. 
The state police would not commit to the operation without meeting with the anonymous source. Even after Cassandra’s detailed diagram of the robbers’ plan, they were still skeptical. Cassandra always ready for a difficult to convince law enforcement professional came prepared. When Cassandra bet the trooper in charge $1,000 dollars to her $1.00 and handed her the money for safe keeping, Captain Martha Handcuffington agreed. When asked for more details on how she obtained her information, Cassandra refused to reveal her sources and methods handcuffing the captain completely. 

Chapter Twenty-Seven – Sunset on Innocence
Friday July 22, 2005

“Cassandra wake up, we need to talk,” Sybil Hazard whispered into her relative’s mind. 
Cassandra jolted awake and she instantly sat upright in her bed. 
“Cassandra we must speak frankly, you know what I am about to say, don’t you?” Sybil whispered telepathically. 
“Yes, but is it really necessary?” Cassandra replied, while rubbing her eyes. 
“Yes, if you get a chance you must end this conflict. You must kill Jason Peril, Minerva Rival and Desiree Siren and their fellow evil sorcerers! Whoever you can, all of them if you can. That is important, do not grant them mercy. They will not do the same for you or your loved ones. You must not pass up the opportunity if it presents itself. You must promise me this. Promise me?” Sybil demanded! “Say it out loud and swear on your firstborn child! Do it! NOW!” Sybil commanded her apprentice! 
Cassandra hesitated; she was conflicted. Killing someone was not something she wanted to do. Minerva was Max’s sister for heaven’s sake! 
“Max, you heard everything right?” Sybil asked impatiently. 
“Yes,” Max answered reluctantly. 
“Max, you sensed Cassandra’s answer, didn’t you?” Sybil demanded!
 “Yes, I did,” responded Max.
“Then it falls to you. She cannot be trusted! I guess she thinks this is just a game!” Sybil answered angrily!
“Wait a minute! That is not fair!” Cassandra responded now incensed! “And you had Max listen in to our conversation without telling me? How dare you! I don’t care if you are older and more experienced, you had no right!” Cassandra yelled back out loud! 
“You fool! He can read your thoughts anytime he wishes! But you are so knowledgeable and experienced you would know this if it were true of course! So, you must be right, and he cannot read your thoughts! You were the only choice I had, god knows that I wanted another person, anyone but you to hand this immense burden to! I should have just washed my hands of everything and skipped a generation or two and locked down Number 10 and hidden the entire street!” Sybil erupted. Decades of frustration spilled out. She knew she shouldn’t have said any of this and that it would do no good, but she was determined not to just sit idly by and let her family be destroyed or worse, subjugated! She exited the conversation and froze out Cassandra, she was so mad!
“Cassandra leave Sybil alone, speak with me instead,” commanded Phoebe. 
“It’s not fair,” Cassandra complained. 
“I know, you are only sixteen and too young to be asked to do even a quarter of what you had to do so far this summer,” Phoebe sympathized with her relative. “Don’t worry about Sybil, she will cool off. She is too demanding. But she only wants what is best for her family. I am sure if you could, you would gladly save Max and your mother, if you could,” Phoebe added, planting a seed. 
“Yes of course,” agreed Cassandra, realizing that she may have to kill Minerva and Jason to save her mother, Aunt Helen and Max and his family. She doesn’t have a choice. She did not start this fight and she gave them chances to retreat, but they keep coming back. They won’t stop until the Solution and Foreshadow families are all dead. If she’s sees them again, she will have to kill them. 
Later, Sybil shielded her thoughts from Cassandra and reached out to Phoebe who had done the same. “Do you think good cop/bad cop worked?” 
“I think so, but you realize we won’t know for sure until the time comes,” Phoebe answered. “Max might take it out of her hands,” Phoebe added. 
Sybil thought for a minute and finally said, “We’ve done all we can. It’s up to the current inhabitants of Number 10 and Number 20. We can do no more.”

Chapter Twenty-Eight – Hard Work Pays Off
Friday July 22, 2005

Mrs. Solution went back to work but after that she had two days free to explore the book on potions and further strengthen the defenses of Number 10 & 20. However, at the office she was hounded with questions about what actually happened at Witch Hemlock Court earlier this week. She lied and said she had slept through it. She made sure she placed her hands behind her and crossed her fingers when she said it. 
On the way to work and on the way back home, Mrs. Solution couldn’t help but look out the back window. Her husband told her not to worry but she could not help it, she was intensely worried. She knew the enemy was still out there and would not stop until they were stopped. She was determined to protect her family and she would not rest until she had done everything she could. 
As soon as she could she went back at it. Reading, studying, learning, and planning the defense of Number 10 and Number 20 Witch Hemlock Court. She stayed up later and rose earlier than normal, all in pursuit of defense of her family. She implemented small things, but it was what she could do. She put her husband to work too. He was happy to help. 
Mr. Solution went to a gun range and practiced. He knew that he may only have time for one shot, and he was determined to make his one and only shot count. He helped his wife too. In the garden he dug and planted and was a lookout too. He was armed with Perfume Potion just in case. 
There was a sense of urgency and a general unease. Cassandra had started “pacing with a passion”, at least that is what Mr. Solution called it. Her nervousness was rubbing off onto everyone. 
Max thought another change in scenery was in order. He thought a movie night might be good for everyone. Everyone bought into his idea. He had the popcorn ready. Cassandra tried her best, but she could not completely hide that she saw three separate premonitions in the first hour of the movie. And Mrs. Foreshadow couldn’t hide her concern for her daughter. 
“I won’t let anything happen to you Cassandra,” Mrs. Foreshadow whispered in her daughter’s ear as she hugged her. Mrs. Foreshadow started to cry and there went the movie.  

Chapter Twenty-Nine – Confusion to the Enemy
Friday July 22, 2005

“What are we going to do about the liquid that Solution lady had?” Minerva Rival asked impatiently.
“You’re the powerful Witch that can foretell everything, why don’t you tell us what you’re going to do?” Jason Peril replied sarcastically. 
“Can we wear something to stop it’s effect or maybe we can just take care of her first or keep her at a distance,” Desiree offered trying to mediate the argument. One look from Minerva and Desiree looked at the floor and hurried to leave the room. 
“She goes to work five days a week. I say we try taking her out on the way to work or the way home. Maybe she waits outside, or we can get her to go out a little early before her son shows up. Maybe she doesn’t take that liquid with her to work too,” Minerva suggested.
“Yes, that may work, we can watch her and find out her routine,” Jason agreed. 
“Let’s make sure we have this planned out exactly. We may have to stop them in a secluded area before they get to work. Two people alone may be good enough odds for us. Or maybe we can make sure that Max Solution is not the one who takes her to work,” Minerva added smiling. 

Chapter Thirty – Ominous
Saturday July 23, 2005

Cassandra went to bed early trying to catch up on some sleep and find some peace. No sooner had her head hit the pillow she was whisked away to another time and place. She saw the Rival-Peril gang tailing Max and Mrs. Solution on her way to work. 
She popped up in bed. She was worried for Max and his mother. A tear rolled down her cheek. But she suddenly smiled. At least she knew what the enemy was up to and she could help thwart their plans. And they could always transport in reinforcements which the other side did not know was possible. Cassandra realized that she needed to be deceitful as far as the Rival-Peril gang was concerned. If she could set a trap for Minerva, Jason, and Desiree and trick them into attacking when Cassandra wanted them to, then she could eliminate one or more of them. An idea popped into her head. “Thank you, Oscar Eccentric!” 
Next morning, she called her neighbor. “Max, the Rival Peril gang is watching you when you drive your parents to work and when you pick them up at night. I thought we should lay a trap for them by having you hide in the back seat. You could lay down so you cannot be seen and have your parents keep the car. There would only be one person in the car or so they thought. And when they attack you could either transport in or pop up from the back seat. We could have Aunt Helen and I available to also transport in. We could take these evil sorcerers out once and for all. Max, what do you think of this plan?”
“Maybe we could get the police involved?” Max suggested another version. 
“Okay we can speak with Detective Hardly about it, but they have strict rules and probably could not participate. We may have to wait for a couple of months. I would rather we settle this once and for all. What do you think?” Cassandra asked. 
“Good point. We can try on Monday,” Max replied. “Should we worry about defending Witch Hemlock Court?”
“We’ll just have to be ready to transport where needed,” Cassandra replied. “We can install some more surprises for any unwelcome guests too!” 
“Yea, about ten sticky web curses ought to have them all tied up until we can come back here,” Max added. 
“A few automated fireball launches might put some heat on them, so they leave,” Cassandra added laughing. 
“I was reading last night about a quicksand defense that should come in handy too,” Max suggested. “Also, a brush bush shrub encirclement curse.” 

Quicksand Defense:
To catch the wicked
Body constricted
Enemy Catch
Body Snatch
Pull and Attach
Clutch and Grab
Grip and Nab
Suck into the Muck
Forever stuck.

Shrub Defense
Circle and enclose
Shrub Grow
Multiply and sow
In a Row
Make a Fence
Make it Dense
Enemy Enclose
Our will Impose
Evil Oppose
Strength Grows
Enemy action Foreclose
Protect and Interpose.

“That is fantastic! Two more defenses we can use!” Cassandra congratulated Max. “We can use the Alarm Spell to trigger fireball missiles to hit sorcerers with evil magic. That should add to Witch Hemlock defenses also.”
“We can use a similar setup to unleash my mother’s potion,” Max added. “The more new obstacles we place in the Peril gang’s path the better. They will most certainly adapt to our past defenses.”
“Yes, that is wise,” agreed Cassandra. She foretold an attack sequence watching as the gang was attacked and neutralized by the new weapons at Number 10 and Number 20. But if Minerva could see this too it may only serve as a deterrent but that will have to do. There is a good chance that she won’t see what will happen because of the existing wards setup that protect the two residences.  
“Cassandra do you think it is time to limit our parent’s trips between home and work? Maybe they should just transport to a restroom stall directly from home and do the reverse at night?” Max asked.
“It will bring too much attention to us and our secret. It is to be used only in emergencies. I would vote no,” Cassandra replied. If we do our plan and have reinforcements transport in, it is best that we eliminate all attackers. Any survivors could guess our secret. 
Phoebe Conjurer nodded her head yes. She knew Cassandra’s answer to be correct. Their secret was too important to risk discovery. Weapon superiority was paramount. It had been this way for centuries. Sybil, Phoebe, and Cassandra were all determined that their secret and weapons superiority would survive for centuries more. 
“Doesn’t Minerva already know our secret? She left before I appeared during her first attack, when Missy saved us,” Max suggested. 
“She was too afraid to realize it. She just knew she would die if she stayed any longer,” Cassandra corrected him. “Desiree suspects but she and her family have suspected something for centuries. Her family was never sure if it was just that we were cloaked and reappeared making it seem we travelled a great distance instantly or something else they couldn’t imagine. She was concussed when she escaped and the whole battle to her is hazy.” 

Chapter Thirty-One - Waiting
Sunday July 24, 2005

The plan was for Sunday to be an uneventful day of rest. Mrs. Foreshadow suggested a good family meal with both the Foreshadow and Solution clans in attendance. She wanted to host it at Number 20, but she understood that Number 10 was the more important structure, so it was to be held there. 
Mrs. Solution and Mrs. Foreshadow enjoyed doing something normal for once since they moved to Witch Hemlock Court. Max enjoyed having good cooks take over meal preparation. Cassandra loved helping out and listening to the conversation between her mother and Mrs. Solution. 
Just as the families were going to sit down to lunch, a knock was heard at their door. They tried to ignore it but it persisted. Then they heard something they couldn’t ignore.
A woman’s voice could be heard at the front door, “Please I am desperate! I need help, my son is being framed for something he did not do! Please I’m begging Cassandra Foreshadow for help, please!” Uncontrollable sobbing could be heard. 
Cassandra was struck with a premonition! She saw a man named William Wesel wearing gloves open a safe, take $30,000 out of the safe and place it a dark green bag. He then dropped an engraved pen on the floor under a table by the safe. He then used his key card to exit the room and left the building. Outside the building he dropped his keycard into a dumpster around the corner. 
“I have to help the woman at the door. Please enjoy your meal everyone. I can take care of this myself. Save me a plate, please. And thank you mom and Mrs. Solution for the great meal and company.” 
Max got up without a word. Mrs. Solution smiled and nodded her approval. Cassandra looked at Max and shook her head.
“We’re partners… aren’t we?” Max asked Cassandra looking at her. 
“Yes, we still are, for today,” Cassandra said and smiled when Max wasn’t looking. Cassandra opened the door. “Can I help you?”
“My name is Nancy Dupesi and my son Tommy is being held for robbery, but he didn’t do it. He is being framed. Please can you help Miss Foreshadow?”
“Maybe we can help but no promises. I believe you but the evidence sometimes tells us that are loved ones have disappointed us.  We will have to investigate first, and it may exonerate your son, or it may help convict him. Where is your son being held?” Cassandra asked. 
“Westmoreland County Jail.” 
 “Okay, let me make a call. Give a me a phone number where I can reach you, Mrs. Dupesi,” Cassandra asked. 
“What is your fee Miss Foreshadow?” 
 “Can you give us $50.00, so Max Solution and I can say we are investigators for Tommy’s legal team?” Cassandra answered. 
“Here Miss Foreshadow and thank you,” Nancy Dupesi said as she handed the teenagers $50.00. “Thank you!”
After Mrs. Dupesi left, Cassandra said, “This won’t take long. 
“Detective Hardly I just sent you camera footage. There are two files, one that contains film you can’t use in court and one longer one you can. The first one shows a man named William Wesel, who framed another man named Tommy Dupesi. Wesel claimed his keycard was stolen by Dupesi who used it to gain access to a safe where he stole $30,000. Wesel planted evidence at the scene. The longer footage clearly shows Wesel entering and leaving the scene using a keycard which security logs will show was his. It also shows him throwing his keycard in the dumpster where it was found after the theft was reported. The shorter footage shows Wesel going into the safe, stealing the money and planting the pen he stole from Dupesi framing him. Thank you for taking care of this. I am sorry to interrupt your Sunday. Good day.” Cassandra said, then ending her call. 
“Taken care of. I just couldn’t let that lady suffer. I am sorry I wrecked your lunch, Max,” Cassandra apologized. 
“No problem, you did the right thing, the compassionate action, and the correct thing to do for Foreshadow, Solution & Associates,” Max agreed. 
“Remind me to call Mrs. Dupesi tomorrow to let her know that her son should be released soon. We must make it look like it took us some time to investigate. Maybe we should interview the real perpetrator, what do you think, Max?” Cassandra asked her partner. 
“That’s probably a good idea,” Max agreed. “Can we grab a quick something before we leave, maybe to go?” 
“Sure.”
The two teenagers drove to the Westmoreland Territory Terrain Land Corporation where William Wesel and Tommy Dupesi worked. They asked to see Mr. Wesel. 
“Hello, I am William Wesel how can I help you?” The balding man in his early fifties asked. 
“We are investigators hired by the Dupesi family to assist with Tommy’s defense. We had a few questions for you,” Max replied handing the older man a Foreshadow, Solution & Associates business card. 
“Oh, so you’re the famous teenage sleuths who tracked down the Countryside Crooks and are on the TV every other day. It is a pleasure to meet such accomplished detectives or should I say investigators?” The overconfident Mr. Wesel replied sarcastically, crossing his arms over his chest. 
“Yes, guilty as charged,” Max allowed the balding man his delusions. “Could you walk us through what happened on the night of July 1st? And do you mind if we record your statement?”
“Suit yourself. Like I told the police. Several of the employees here went out for a few drinks to celebrate closing a large deal. I had taken my jacket off and Tommy had taken my keycard and used it to gain access to our safe where he took $30,000 in cash.” Mr. Wesel said mockingly. 
“And what time did you leave the bar?” Max asked.
“We all left at closing time at 2:00 a. m. And I got home about 2:30 a. m. and my wife can vouch for me,” Mr. Wesel replied confidently. 
“What if we told you we obtained camera footage clearly showing you returning here at 3:00 a. m.?” Cassandra asked. 
“No way. It wasn’t me, what camera? There are no cameras here.” Mr. Wesel denied everything. And then he nervously added, “They found Tommy Dupesi’s pen, the one with his name engraved on it, by the safe, under the table, in a room that he does not have access to. How do you explain that?”
“The bank across the street has several cameras that picked up extremely good pictures of this side of the street. They even show you throwing your keycard in the dumpster. Oh, and that issue of the pen found by the safe, that was never released to the public, so how do you know about that detail? Do you want to change your story?”
“I don’t have to talk to you,” Mr. Wesel said.
“No, you don’t. Thank you for your time,” Cassandra said. “But you may want to get ahead of this.” The two teenagers left and promptly emailed Detective Hardly a copy of the tape of their discussions with Mr. Wesel. 

Chapter Thirty-Two – Headlines
Monday July 25, 2005

“Cassandra, you’re in the newspapers again. I thought you were going to keep a low profile?” Mrs. Foreshadow asked. 
“This is a special report by the TV 99 News Westmoreland County Bureau. TV 99 News has learned that William Wesel has been arrested for the robbery at Westmoreland Territory Terrain Land Corporation. And Tommy Dupesi has been released. Westmoreland County Sheriff’s Department has said that Mr. Dupesi has been cleared. TV 99 has also learned that the firm of Foreshadow, Solution & Associates was instrumental in finding the guilty party and exonerating the innocent man in this investigation. Neither Cassandra Foreshadow nor Max Solution could be reached for comment. Stay tuned to TV 99 for all the latest news. 
“I thought I took care of this,” complained Cassandra. 
“What did that magical book on great seers say? Something about ‘You have a great gift and a great burden. Pray that you live up to both.’ I guess you are stuck taking the good with the bad,” Mrs. Foreshadow reminded her daughter. 
“Thanks mom, for reminding me of my 24 hour a day, 365 days a year burden,” Cassandra grumbled. 
“I am glad you were chosen. I can’t think of anyone better suited to carry this burden,” Mrs. Foreshadow said, endorsing her daughter. 
Cassandra closed her eyes, her head started to throb painfully, as a clairvoyant episode occurred. Cassandra was swept away to another time and place. She saw Max deep in thought. He was experiencing a clairvoyant episode. Max was not in pain or in any distress. As quickly as it started it ended. Her head quit throbbing. 
“Sybil, what was that? Did you see that?” Cassandra telepathically asked her mentor.
“Yes, I saw what you saw and no more. I am not sure what it was,” Sybil replied. 
“You know something, you have a suspicion, don’t you? Go ahead and speculate, I want to hear what you think,” Cassandra coaxed her Master. 
“I don’t want to say, I am probably wrong,” Sybil replied.
“Phoebe how about you?” Cassandra asked.
“Me, I did not see anything, what are you two talking about,” Phoebe replied, confused about the whole discussion. 
“Cassandra, Phoebe did not see what we saw,” Sybil replied. 
“You two have secrets is that it?” Phoebe said telepathically, obviously disappointed. 
Sybil responded, “Let me explain to both of you something. Phoebe does not and never had the amulet from the wooden chest that you have, Cassandra. In some respects, you have more capabilities than Phoebe. She has more experience, but you have more potential.” 
“Sybil, and you did?” Cassandra asked. 
“Yes,” replied Sybil. 
The three seers’ conversation was abruptly interrupted by another Cassandra clairvoyant episode. Cassandra could see Minerva Rival and Jason Peril speaking. She sensed intense hatred of her from both sorcerers. She heard them describe what torture they would inflict upon her if they could get the chance. But both proclaimed that they would rather just kill her if given a chance. The scene ended. 
“Cassandra, both Phoebe and I have your back. We will help you all that we can. Don’t worry about Jason and Minerva but don’t be careless or complacent. Be wary and vigilant,” Sybil communicated telepathically. 
“Thank you both,” Cassandra replied, trying to shake off the premonition. “I think I would like to rest and be alone right now.” 
Both the phone and the front doorbell rang and Cassandra knew it was two different reporters from two different news media organizations. And one was from a national news organization. 
“It’s going to be a long day,” Cassandra admitted. 

Chapter Thirty-Three – Surveillance
Monday July 25, 2005

Cassandra could sense men watching the house. They followed Max when he took the families’ parents to work too. Cassandra and Aunt Helen stayed back at Number 10 to guard the library. Cassandra was ready to request help if the need arose. They knew that it was only a matter of time before they would be attacked again. 
Cassandra considered making a preemptive strike to get this over with, but she knew that was not the correct approach. She knew that she had to be patient. The tension and fear were taking a toll on her and Max knew it. He worried about her. He looked for a way to take the pressure off Cassandra. Maybe his pets could help, but somehow, he knew that his pets would not play a role in any attack that occurred. He finally came to the unpleasant conclusion that Cassandra had to shoulder this burden by herself. She could not take her mind off any of the participants for fear that she would miss a psychic episode that would save the Foreshadow and Solution families. 
She thought about Max’s decision to stay in the normal world and not join the ancient entity in the magics only world. She wondered if it was any safer in that magics only world? She knew it was even worse there. It provided no escape from her burden, no escape from her responsibility. No rest for the weary, a woman’s work is never done, some would say. But that is not how Cassandra really felt. She enjoyed helping people. It was no burden, she wanted to protect her loved ones. She felt lucky to be able stop evil and protect innocent and good people. She could do this; she could manage the burden. She felt invigorated when she helped people. Cassandra felt needed when she protected others. This was no burden; it was a gift. And she was determined to use her gift! 
Cassandra did need a break and she knew it. She sat down on the couch and fell asleep and starting dreaming. Cassandra dreamt that she was outside in her back yard laying back in a lawn chair in the shade enjoying the warm but dry weather. She had dozed off and she was dreaming of her and Max. They were standing under the moonlight, facing each other, standing alone on a balcony. At the same time a premonition was trying to push this pleasant thought out of the way, but she just wanted to enjoy the dream. Max was holding her hands and he brought one hand up to his face and kissed her hand. She was looking into his eyes hoping that he would kiss her. She kept the premonition in the background until it was too late. 
Cassandra hurriedly sat up on the couch as a premonition hit her. She saw a gang of a dozen men approaching Number 10. They were armed with guns, rocks, and clubs. Alistair Magus was among them. The clairvoyant episode ended. Cassandra called to Aunt Helen to get ready for an attack. Number 10’s defenses were holding but Cassandra was pinned down and could not safely leave. She sensed that Max was in trouble, but she could not help him. 
Max had just left Mrs. Foreshadow out at her workplace. He was driving back home as usual when he noticed a car following him. He was looking in the rearview mirror when he almost ran into another car stopped across the road. He was able to stop just in time. He was sitting in his car when he noticed Minerva Rival, and Jason Peril exit the car behind him. While Desiree Siren, and Ethan Fulton exit the car blocking the road in front of Max. He was going to ask for help, but he sensed that Cassandra and Number 10 was in trouble. He then thought to transport back to Number 10, secret be damned, but before he could he was hit with a concussion curse. Slightly stunned he managed to crawl out of his car. His wards protecting him. He returned fire using the concussion curse:

Knock.
sock.
clock.

Ethan Fulton was hit sending him to the ground stunned but still conscious. Max was hit by the other three evil sorcerers all at the same time. Staggered he tried the Duplicate and Obfuscate Spell:

First double.
And then redouble.
And fog bubble.
To stay out of trouble.

Four copies of himself appeared, all obscured in a fog bank. All four were hit again by lightning bolt curses. 
Max now on his knees fired back and hit Desiree Siren with a concussion curse knocking her off her feet. 
One of Max’s copies was hit by Minerva and disappeared. 
Max hit Ethan Fulton again sending him sprawling across the ground. 
Jason Peril took out another Max copy while Minerva took out another. 
Max was down to one version, when he was hit by both Minerva and Jason rendering him unconscious. Four normal men ran out and carried Desiree and Ethan to the car that was blocking the road ahead, they then drove off back towards Number 10. Minerva got in the rear car and drove off, but not before telling Jason to finish off Max. 
Cassandra had seen Max go down and issued a call for help to Mrs. Solution. 
Jason stood over Max’s limp body. Max had been beaten, he was exhausted and too weak to fight back, in pain and resigned to being killed. 
Jason just laughed. So arrogant was this teenager, but not now. Max was too weak to even beg for mercy. Jason was going to enjoy this kill. Then he was going to finish off the rest of the Solution and Foreshadow families. Jason concentrated preparing to unleash the kill shot. He raised his hand…
Thwish woosh thunk! Jason stumbled and looked down at his chest. There was an arrow sticking into him. One half appeared out his back and one half sticking out the front of his chest. His eyes rolled back in his head and he died before he hit the ground. 
Jewel Diamond Sunrise Solution had done it again! She had taken a long slender black bag to work with her. It contained her bow and arrows inside. The invincible Jason Peril, who had withstood every curse cast at him, who had defeated the most powerful of sorcerers the Foreshadow and Solution clans could field, had been killed by the weakest Solution. She was a normal person and not even a sorceress. She was given her power through an amulet mostly meant to protect her rather than inflict magic on others. She had used an unusual form of magic, powerful potion magic. She had dipped her arrows in a mixture of her own tears and Cassandra’s tears. No normal tears, mother’s tears for her son and a soulmate’s tears for her friend. That is what allowed her weaker magical arrows to pierce Jason’s wall of extremely powerful magic. Jason’s evil, hateful magic was no match for the courage of a mother and best friend and their magic of loyalty and friendship and their willingness to sacrifice for another. Even though Max did not share her blood, he was her son, her devotion to him and hence their bond was more powerful than any evil curse, more powerful than any physical force. Cassandra’s loyalty to her friend and business partner formed an equally powerful bond of immense power that was smiled upon by all that was good in the universe. Jason never stood a chance against such power, never stood a chance against such extreme devotion, such intense loyalty and such a strong alliance that was favored by the universe. 
Mrs. Solution dragged Max into the back seat of her car and then she drove back to Number 10 where the gang of a dozen men had dispersed and escaped. 
Once back at Number 10 Max was helped to bed where he lay unconscious. 

Chapter Thirty-Four – Level Ten Seer Intervenes
Monday July 25, 2005

Max was resting by himself with the remainder of the Solution and Foreshadow families downstairs guarding Number 10. They were spread out around the home manning the front and rear doors and windows on all four sides of the home. 
Max started dreaming but no ordinary dream, this was something different. 
He heard a voice, “Max just listen, my name is Sofia Predire. I am one of your ancestors,” a woman’s voice spoke to Max’s subconscious. “I am a Level 10 Great Seer. Please trust me and forgive me for not helping you today. That will not happen again. I promise to help you in the future. You are our family’s only hope. Rest and get well. You will need all your strength to survive the tests to come.”
“Do you think this wise to speak to a wizard, we have never done this?” asked Alessandra Predire telepathically.
“Did you see how Jewel Solution responded when her adopted son was in trouble? He wasn’t even her blood relative. If she can risk her life for her son then I can risk everything to help my descendent,” argued Sofia. “It’s time we take an active role in this feud. Minerva cannot be allowed to succeed and procreate. That would be a disaster that cannot be undone. Even if I must help Cassandra Foreshadow I will. I trust the Foreshadows and Sybil Hazard. It’s time we earned their trust.”
“You already saved Max once before when you convinced Missy to turn on her sister,” countered Alessandra. 
“Can you not see what is going to happen if we do nothing? If I don’t help Max, he will not survive. Minerva will win. Only he has enough magical power and the will to wage a vendetta against Minerva to finish this fight and kill her,” Sofia insisted. “Cassandra is a great person, but she is not a powerful enough sorceress on her own to defeat Minerva and I am not sure she will take a life. The amulets Max made are powerful, and they help protect Cassandra, and they should have been created and given to her, but there is a downside. Because they also make Cassandra a bigger target for Minerva. If Minerva can kill Cassandra, then she can take her amulets and rings of power and become more powerful herself. Minerva knows this. The Solutions’ have proven they can take a life if necessary,” Sofia explained. 
“Okay Sofia, relax. I am sure you can change the outcome of events. I have faith in your abilities,” Alessandra said. “I think you are underestimating Cassandra Foreshadow. I think she is a lot tougher and more magically powerful than you give her credit for.”
“You may be right, but I am not leaving it to chance. Minerva came extremely close to ending everything the other day. That can’t happen again,” Sofia replied. “Are you ready to formally meet Max?”
“How about Cassandra, are we going to meet her too? And how about Sybil Hazard and Phoebe Conjurer?” asked Alessandra. 
“I already know Sybil, we crossed paths when we were living. You know that!” Sofia responded angrily. “That worked out for the best and we were so young, both only twelve years old,” Sofia said calmly
“Oh, that’s right, friends of the same guy,” Alessandra kidded her elder.
“More like a boy he was,” Sofia corrected her descendant.
“So, there are no harsh feelings between you and Sybil?” Alessandra inquired.
“None on my part,” answered Sybil. “Let me remind you, that you would not be exactly you if that guy had wound up marrying me instead of Sybil. Who knows how you would have turned out?” 
“I know we are both the better for it,” admitted Alessandra. 
“Let’s do this, I will approach Sybil first and say hello and let her know that I am going to contact Max. That is more than she did when she spoke to Max,” Sofia volunteered.
“You know she and Phoebe just included him so Cassandra had someone she could talk to and she didn’t mention his seer abilities in the least, and she let you hear what was being said. She did not block you,” Alessandra countered.
“Yes, I know. Don’t you think we should meet? You know what is about to happen,” Sofia asked.
“Okay you two meet and see how it goes. Call me when you want me to join you, okay?” Alessandra replied.
“Sybil Hazard, may I have a word with you, its Sofia Rossi Predire?” Sofia requested telepathically. 
“Hello Sofia, its been a long time,” Sybil responded telepathically. 
“I wanted to thank you and your family for helping Max and training him too,” Sofia offered. 
“It was Phoebe’s and my pleasure, and it helped our Cassandra immensely,” Sybil replied. 
“Events are about to force Max and Cassandra to make some decades long decisions and they could use all the help they can get; don’t you agree?” Sofia questioned her Level 10 Seer equal. 
“I think Cassandra has made her decision already,” Sybil disagreed. 
“She doesn’t even know the choice that is about to present itself,” Sofia argued.
“She has seen her future and Max is there with her,” Sybil said emphatically. 
“You know she is a better match with Louis Mon Trésor,” Sofia asserted.
“That is for Cassandra to decide and I would appreciate it if you stayed out of it,” Sybil telepathically replied angrily. 
“I will not! It is too important! I will not let the Minerva episode happen again!” Sofia said as she wept. 
“That was not your fault,” Sybil replied trying to console her old friend. 
“Easy for you to say, your family never went through what mine did, five disasters in one family,” Sofia countered as she wept. 
“I understand you want was is best for Max, but Cassandra and he are equals, yes they will argue and fight, but they will respect each other. They won’t dominate one another or be dominated like they would if the new kids on the block are allowed to take over,” Sybil reasoned with her old friend. 
Sofia paused to see into the future watching many clairvoyant episodes and not just the end result. “It’s not clear to me what will eventually happen and I think Max and Cassandra will be happier if they take a dominate partner and submit,” Sofia smiling now that she has seen how much the two teenagers enjoy the sorcerers they are about to meet. 
“Can we agree to stay out of it and let the parties decide for themselves?” Sybil requested. “Didn’t it work for us many years ago?”
“I would have agreed with you up until Devlin Rival appeared on the scene,” Sofia disagreed.  
“What I see for what it is worth is that if you push these two, they will do the opposite anyway. I admit this is truer for Cassandra than Max, but it is true for Max as well,” Sybil asserted.
“Then you’re saying it doesn’t matter,” Sofia asked.
“It does matter! You will be letting them decide their fate, and that is important to them,” Sybil responded.
“I will think some more on it,” Sofia acquiesced. 
“Thank you, it was nice psychically thinking with you,” Sybil replied, breathing a sigh of relief. 
Both women searched the future praying a favorable outcome would be foretold, but neither saw the hoped for result they sought. 

Chapter Thirty-Five Lazy, Hazy, Crazy, Mazey Days of Summer
Monday July 25, 2005

Cassandra after worrying about Max all day was finally able to go up to bed to sleep. She fell asleep as soon as her head hit the pillow. 
At 3:00 a.m. in the morning, Cassandra woke up but still stayed in bed. As she tried to get back to sleep, her thoughts were invaded to put it lightly. She found herself in a maze running away from an unseen malevolent force. 
“You think you are so tough little girl. You think you can ignore me. You had your chance now I am going to scramble your brains once and for all! I hope you enjoy being a vegetable! A soggy, water saturated, limp salad I think you will be, my pet! What do you think about that? You will make a perfect meal for the hogs out back, you pathetic pesky pain in the neck!”
 Cassandra sped up inside that maze! Bouncing off walls that changed just as she reached them. Ricocheting to the left and then to right, falling often to the ground. Scraping her knees on the loose soil and stone floor of the maze. Panting, out of breath from running, determined to escape her pursuer! Trying spell after spell trying to escape, but without luck. She was the one without luck and unable to run amok! She grew angry, “The heck with this!” She stopped and turned to fight! She was not going to run like a frightened little girl! Cassandra concentrated and used the Flame Thrower Curse and formed a fireball in her hand,

“I do desire.
To build a fire.
And throw my enemy on a pyre!”

She waited for her attacker, but the maze vanished instead. She sat up in bed. And looked out the window to Max’s window next door. His light was on and he was standing at the window watching for her. Cassandra waved and smiled and blew him a kiss. She went back to sleep, feeling safe and knowing that she had a best friend watching out for her living just next door. 

Thank you for reading my story. Sweet dreams and may all the traffic signals in your life turn to green. E. S. Hazard

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

Thank you for downloading this eBook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.

Won’t you please take a moment to leave me a review at your favorite retailer?
Thank you!
For other stories by me, please see https://sites.google.com/view/eshazard/books. 

For more about the author please see the interview at https://www.smashwords.com/interview/easilyhazard

