Forgotten Fates
Forfeiting Destiny Series Book 1

Sadie Davis

Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2019 by Sadie Davis
All rights reserved.

Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.

Cover art by Cora Graphics Book Design Covers

For Melissa and Annie. Thank you for inspiring me!

Chapter One

Nothing good ever comes from being late. It was Monday, it was raining, and Nessie McAdams was late. Not that it was really her fault. She had left home with plenty of time to spare, but there had been an accident on her usual route to school and she’d gotten stuck behind a line of cars. Unfortunately, the school secretary was not very understanding. There Nessie was, dripping wet from the downpour outside, trying to persuade Mrs. McKenzie not to count her tardy.
Mrs. McKenzie had heard pretty much every excuse in the book. With a look of distain, Mrs. McKenzie said, “I don’t care what your excuse is, Nessie. The fact is, you’re late. You are allowed three tardies before you are required to serve detention. This is your first. I suggest you don’t make it a habit.” 
Leaving the front office and heading to first period, Nessie felt utterly depressed. She had never been late to school before, but the third week of her junior year in high school, she gets her first tardy. She was almost too humiliated and ashamed to open the door to the classroom, knowing that everyone would be looking at her. Judging her. The only thing that forced her to open the door was the fear of what would happen if she didn’t. The US History teacher, Mr. Ross, was in mid-sentence when he heard the creak of the door. Nessie walked in with her head bowed and hurried to the first available seat. Lucky for her, Mr. Ross didn’t comment on her tardiness. He just proceeded with the lecture.
Nessie quickly pulled her notepad and pencil from the worn-out backpack she’d had since the eighth grade. As she leaned into her desk to begin taking notes, she felt someone poke her in the back. She turned around, not knowing whom she’d sat in front of. Nessie was quite surprised to see Gavin Blackwood smiling at her.
“I see it’s still raining pretty hard out there. Glad to see you made it okay,” he whispered low for only her to hear. Nessie returned the smile and nodded, which caused the rain droplets clinging to her long brunette hair to fall and land around her. She turned back around in her seat, feeling uncertain.
Gavin Blackwood was not really the kind of boy who usually noticed Nessie. He was easily one of the most popular kids in school, whereas Nessie was more of a “blend-in-to-the-crowd” type of student. She didn’t have many friends, but Gavin was kind to practically everyone. While he made the varsity team for every sport he played, Nessie couldn’t even dribble a basketball, let alone shoot one into the hoop. To put it simply, Gavin and Nessie were complete opposites, which had Nessie wondering why he would even bother talking to her. Deciding to put Gavin out of her head, Nessie instead tried to focus on what Mr. Ross was saying even though her soaked clothing was starting to cause her to shiver. 

The week only got worse. The rain refused to stop or even slow down. It just continued to pour over the little town of Foxland, Maine. By Wednesday the parking lot at Wallace High School was flooded and just walking out the door got a person’s feet soaked. Games and practices were canceled. Students were told to drive carefully and avoid any roads where water was running over the blacktop. Of course students didn't listen to the warnings. Some were hydroplaning out of the parking lot and racing for the local hang out, JD’s Cafe. For Nessie, the rain was a huge bother. She didn't like driving in the rain. It made her nervous because it came down so hard and quick that she had trouble seeing the road. After school, Nessie waited cautiously in her car until most of the other students had left and she assumed it was finally safe to go, but just as Nessie started backing out of her parking spot, she was jarred by the impact of another car t-boning her old beat-up Cadillac.

Gavin hadn’t seen Nessie’s car until it was too late. His windows were fogged up and the rain was obscuring his view. The impact was not that severe since neither car was moving fast. Gavin quickly jumped out of a his truck, fearing he might have injured Nessie and would need to call for help. As he glanced at the front doors of the school, he could see the principal, Mr. Lindsay, hurrying their way while attempting to stay huddled under his umbrella.
Nessie was just opening her door when he reached it. She looked confused and a little angry as she climbed out of the driver’s seat. “You hit my car,” she said quietly, as if accusing him of a terrible crime.
“Nessie, I’m sorry. I didn't see you backing out. Are you hurt?” Gavin asked.
“No, I’m not,” she replied shyly. “ Thank you for asking.”
They moved to the back of Nessie's car to survey the damage Gavin’s truck had left on the Cadillac. Mr. Lindsay approached them, asking first if everyone was alright. When they assured him they were fine, he suggested they return to the school to escape the rain and call their parents.
The three of them trudged back to the school in total silence. Mrs. McKenzie was still at the front desk when they walked into the office. She took one look at the soaked trio and exclaimed, “My, my! What happened to you?” 
Mr. Lindsay was the one who took on the challenge of explaining. His account of the accident was quick, but by the end of it, Nessie was shivering from the rain. She couldn’t stop from wrapping her arms around herself. She made the mistake of looking at Gavin, only to find him watching her.
He had a look of pity and sadness on his face and that was all it took for Nessie to become angry. It was starting to seem like any time she was around Gavin, she was either uncertain or annoyed.
His expression made Nessie feel like he was looking down on her. Feeling sorry for the poor little backwards girl. Nessie didn’t want anyone’s pity. She didn’t need anyone to feel sorry for her. She came from a great family and lived a great life so why in the world would anyone find her inferior.

Gavin saw the glare that came over Nessie’s face the moment she looked at him. Her hair was a wet, matted mess of curls. Her pale skin appeared translucent from the cold rain, which caused her freckles to stand out. Her hazel eyes bore into him, and he flushed with embarrassment. He could only fathom that she was upset with him for hitting her car. He wanted to explain. He needed to make her understand that this was simply an accident. He didn’t like it when people were mad at him or simply didn’t like him. Gavin would rather have friends than enemies. It was part of what made him so popular. He sought to befriend all the students, not just the other jocks. He was social with the drama students, the nerds and everyone in-between.
Well just about everyone. Nessie was one student that always eluded him. She was so quiet and shy. He wasn’t sure how to befriend her, but he knew that hitting her car was definitely not the right way.
It irritated Gavin that the usually sweet Nessie appeared to be furious with him. He decided that somehow, he’d change her opinion of him.

Chapter Two

Mr. Lindsay had both students call their parents to inform them of the accident. Gavin’s father asked him if he was okay and after ample reassurance, Mr. Blackwood inquired about the truck. Gavin confirmed the damage was minimal and he’d be able to drive it home. His father told him to be careful. Nessie’s mother took more of crazed approach to the news of the accident. She screamed into the phone, scared that her baby girl was hurt. She told Nessie not to move and she would be there in a flash. Gavin heard Mrs. McAdams frantic shouts through the receiver, and thought it would be better if he stayed with Nessie until her mother got there. If he left now, he would feel like he was running away from what he had done. He needed to  face Nessie’s mother.
Assuming Mrs. McAdams would be just as angry with him as Nessie was, Gavin did his best to build up his confidence. However, Mrs. McAdams was far from being angry with him. When she got to the school, she flew into the front office and ran for Nessie. She wrapped Nessie into the biggest bear hug, which was amazing for such a small woman, who barely reached five foot three and probably weighed no more than 115 pounds. Demanding to know exactly what happened, Mrs. McAdams slowly let go of Nessie, just enough so she could look into Nessie’s face.	
“Mom, I’m fine. I was just backing out of the parking spot. It was raining hard and Gavin didn’t see me.” 
As Nessie explained, she waved her hand in Gavin's direction. Feeling uncertain as Mrs. McAdams turned his way, Gavin quickly stammered out, “I’m sorry, Mrs. McAdams. It was an accident. I couldn’t see her backing out.” 
No amount of preparation could have readied Gavin for Mrs. McAdams reaction. She let go of Nessie and pulled Gavin into a similar bear hug, saying, “Oh, honey, you don’t have to be sorry. It was an accident. I am just glad everyone is okay.” 
Gavin was floored. He’d thought for sure he was in for it. He glanced at Nessie, who was looking slightly bored and definitely not surprised by her mother's reaction.
After Mrs. McAdams had decided everything was okay and that Nessie would be able to drive her car home, everyone was finally able to go. Gavin hated leaving when he felt that Nessie was still angry with him, but he didn't get a chance to speak with her again. She left with her mother and ran through the rain to her car. He had to follow them so that he could back his truck out of her way. Then she was gone.

By Friday, Nessie was certain this was the worst week of her life. Some people are lucky and only have bad days now and then, but Nessie had bad weeks. She was late for school on Monday and in an accident on Wednesday, and then on Thursday, she woke up with a terrible cold. By Friday, she ended up being tardy for school again. Nessie could not believe it. How is it possible to be late twice in one week? She thought miserably on her way out her bedroom. Thursday night the rain had turned into a terrifying storm, complete with lightning and thunder. It caused the power to shut off in the middle of the night, meaning Nessie's alarm clock didn’t go off. She woke up with 10 minutes to get to school.
Mrs. McKenzie just shook her head when Nessie walked into the office. She didn’t speak a word as she wrote the pass for Nessie to go to class. Mr. Ross was just passing out the quiz for that week and Nessie again rushed to the first seat available. She was handed the quiz and immediately got started on answering the twenty multiple-choice questions.
Nessie was one of the first students done with the quiz. She raised her hand and waited for Mr. Ross to come by and pick up her paper before she pulled her book from her backpack. She was fully engrossed in reading when she felt a tap on her shoulder. She knew it was Gavin because she had bothered to look whom she’d sat in front of this time.
“Hey Nessie.” 
She had ignored the gentle touch, but after hearing Gavin speak, Nessie turned around and answered, “Hey Gavin.” 
“How are you doing?” he asked.
Nessie felt her cheeks turn crimson with nervousness, but she managed to say, “I'm fine. You?”
Smiling, he replied, “Good. Just sick of this rain. Wish it would go away already.” His smile faltered briefly before he asked, “So how’s your car?” 
“It’s fine. My dad said there really wasn't that much damage from the accident. The car is so old anyway and had a ton of dents and dings already that it doesn't matter if there’s one more.”
Leaning farther over his desk and closer to Nessie, Gavin nodded. “Good. I’m glad it wasn't that bad, but I am still sorry it happened.” 
Nessie smiled and started to turn back around, thinking the conversation was over, but stopped when Gavin cleared his throat, as if he had something else to say.

Not knowing what to say, but wishing there was something more he could discuss with her, Gavin simply stared at her as she stared right back with an utterly confused expression. After waiting for about half a minute, Nessie gave up on waiting and turned around in her seat, returning to her reading.

Chapter Three

The following week improved greatly for Nessie. The rain was finally letting up and Monday ended up being a pretty good day. Nessie found out that she was once again one of the top ten students for her grade. She had always been good in school and it felt great when her hard work paid off. Her parents were already talking with her about college choices and applying for scholarships.
Nessie didn’t really have a clue about what to do after high school. She knew college was the plan, but she didn’t know what to major in. What do I want to do with my life? That question had plagued Nessie for two years. She figured eventually the answer would come to her, and she would be patient until then.
The week went by faster than most. Soon it was Friday again and, thankfully, the sun was shining bright this particular September morning when Nessie arrived at school. 

Gavin was already in his seat for first period when he saw Nessie walk into the room. She seemed happier than usual. She went to her normal seat at the back of the room where she would sit with her friend, Bonnie Donaldson. They had been friends since they met in elementary and had been pretty much inseparable ever since. The two girls were an odd pair though. Nessie was quiet and reserved. Bonnie was outgoing and usually talking. She was the junior class president and played several sports while Nessie could be seen sitting on the gym bleachers, quietly cheering her friend on.
It wasn’t until Bonnie caught Gavin staring at Nessie that he actually realized he was staring. He shook off his embarrassment like he didn’t care. For the rest of the period, though, he pondered the two girls and how two completely different people could be the best of friends. He came to the conclusion that friendship, like love, knows no bounds. It sounded cheesy to him, but it seemed like the best explanation. The bell finally rang and the students shuffled out of the room, heading for their next class.

By fifth period, Nessie was in such a great mood that she couldn’t stop smiling. The weekend was close and so far, she had zero homework to complete during the two days of no school. She and Bonnie were planning on going to the movie theater later that evening and then having a sleepover at Bonnie’s house. Nessie felt a little foolish for being excited about a sleepover because students usually outgrew sleepovers by junior high, but she didn't care. It was a great way to end a perfectly amazing week.
She was so excited that she wasn’t even bothering to pay attention to Ms. Austin as she lectured on about Shakespeare’s Macbeth. Nessie's thoughts were pulled suddenly from the evening’s plans to the commotion out in the hallway. She gave her friend a questioning look, but Bonnie just shook her head and shrugged her shoulders. Ms. Austin went to the door and stopped Mr. Lindsay as he went racing towards the gym. Nessie couldn't hear what they were saying, but when Ms. Austin returned, she looked worried.
Instead of explaining, she continued to discuss Macbeth, but when the ambulance could be heard coming from town, each student turned in their seat to stare out the classroom windows and she was forced to give up trying to describe the underlying struggles of the play. Within a few minutes, the ambulance whipped into the school parking lot, screeching to a halt in front of the main doors. Nessie watched as the paramedics climbed out of the vehicle and rushed into the school.
“What do you think is going on?” Bonnie wondered aloud.
“I...I’m not sure. Someone has to be hurt,” Nessie said.
“Do you think that freshmen, Kelly Douglas, could be having another seizure?” 
“No...I don't think it’s Kelly. They’ve never had to call the ambulance for her before. Maybe Mr. Ramsey had another heart attack. He’s had two already!” Nessie whispered back.
Bonnie said, “Well, I guess we will find out by the end of the day.” 
Nessie nodded, ending their speculation. For the rest of the day, the only thing anyone could talk about was what had happened during fifth period. It hadn’t been Kelly Douglas or Mr. Ramsey. Nessie was still having a hard time putting her mind around what had really happened: Gavin Blackwood had blacked out in gym class while playing basketball. He had collapsed in the middle of a fast break play and he had not woken up since. The only thing anyone knew for sure was that Gavin was never sick, so for him to pass out meant this was serious.
It meant there was something wrong.

Chapter Four

Gavin woke in a hospital bed, surrounded by his family. His parents were sitting on either side of him, his younger brother, Alec, was asleep in a chair in the corner and his Aunt Ina and Uncle Glen were sitting at the foot of the bed, whispering to each other. Instead of speaking and alerting anyone he was awake, he simply watched his family as he started to piece together the events that had led him to the hospital bed.
He remembered playing basketball, but everything after that was blank. He couldn’t even recall how he got to the hospital. He did remember the shortness of breath and the racing of his heart right before everything went black.
Gavin’s mind turned from the day in gym class to his classes and friends. How had everyone at school taken the news of his collapsing? Some probably laughed and considered him weak now. A sudden thought crossed his mind: he hoped Nessie McAdams did not consider him weak. This thought surprised and confused him, but then again, Nessie had always confused him. She was so different from everyone else, but seemed completely fine with that. Gavin’s train of thought changed again...onto an entirely new issue. He started to try to understand the meaning of the dream he had had while he was sleeping. The funny thing was that it seemed more than just a dream. It had felt real and that was truly unnerving.

The days following Gavin’s incident were a blur and even a bit strange for the students at Wallace High School. Even the teachers and staff seemed out of sorts. It was as if the happiness had been sucked right out of everyone. Classes were more boring and drawn out than ever before. Not only was the school atmosphere dreary, but odd incidents started happening as well. On two separate occasions, students were trapped inside two different bathrooms with no one being able to explain how the doors were locked from the outside. The bell system started ringing at random times and all the calculators in the school quit working on the same day.
The melancholy mood didn’t stop with school hours. Bizarre happenings were occurring all over town and sporting events lacked spirit and friendly rivalry. The football season had ended without Gavin and basketball had begun. Several students had decided to organize activities to help cheer up Gavin while he was out of school. During lunch one afternoon, everyone in the school would have a chance to sign a giant Get Well card for Gavin and even make him a flower out of tissue paper and pipe cleaners. Nessie found this all a little silly. The card was too big and childish and the paper flowers would just crowd up his hospital room. But that didn’t stop her from joining the long line at lunch to sign the card and design a flower. There were so many students in line that Nessie doubted she would have a chance to even eat, let alone get to the front of the line.
Bonnie had joined her in line and was chatting on about her last class. Nessie was only half listening. She was instead thinking about what she would write on the card. Should I just sign my name or write a little message? Would it really even matter what I wrote? Gavin likely won’t even read the card.
Nessie’s dilemma was interrupted when Bonnie elbowed her in the side. “Hello? Did you hear what I asked you?” 
Nessie focused on Bonnie with a quizzical look. “Huh? What did you say?” 
Bonnie rolled her eyes and gave a huge sigh at Nessie’s rudeness. “I said how terrible this all must be for Gavin’s family. I can’t image if something like that happened to Fiona.” 
Nessie knew Bonnie was extremely close to her sister, Fiona, and that if anything did happen to her younger sibling, Bonnie would be devastated. She eased Bonnie’s worry by simply agreeing with her.
With only five minutes left in the lunch period, Nessie finally made it to the front of the line to sign the giant card. Using a blue marker, she signed, “Gavin, Get well soon. Nessie McAdams.” Handing the marker to Bonnie, Nessie turned around with the intention of leaving the lunchroom, but Bonnie stopped her when she asked, "Well aren’t you going to make a flower for him too?” 
“Bonnie, we don’t have time. The bell is going to ring in a couple of minutes!” 
“Geez, Nessie! It will only take a minute to make one and it is for a good cause. Don’t you want to make Gavin feel better?” 
“Of course I do.” 
With that said, Bonnie signed the card quickly before the two friends moved on to the second table where a few of their classmates were teaching others how to make the flowers. They were given the opportunity to choose their own colors of tissue paper and pipe cleaners. Bonnie, of course, chose the bright colors that matched her personality. Nessie, on the other hand, selected a deep purple tissue paper and navy pipe cleaner. She never had been a fan of pastel or neon colors. The darker colors suited her better.
The two girls watched as Janet Beatty demonstrated how to fold the tissue paper to make it look like petals and then hold it all in place with the pipe cleaner for a stem. Out of all the flowers that were already made and piled behind the table, not a single one looked like Nessie’s. She had a hard time getting the petals to look right and her stem was too short. Plus there wasn’t another student who had chosen the colors that she had. Watching as her hastily made flower was added to the pile, Nessie was overcome with the melancholy feeling she sometimes got when she realized just how different she really was. If it weren’t for Bonnie, Nessie truly felt she would have no friends or a place to belong in her own school.
Whenever she got this sensation, Nessie did her best to push it aside. Following Bonnie out of the lunchroom, she silently gave herself a little pep talk. She knew she was loved and wasn’t alone. She had a great friend who she trusted with even her biggest secrets. By the time she was walking into her next class, Nessie was nodding her head in agreement with all the wonderful facts she was coming up with about herself. Bonnie, as always, led them to the back of the classroom. She was chattering on about something, but Nessie wasn’t even bothering to pretend she was paying attention. She was still doing her best to ignore the lonely feeling, which her pep talk didn't quite get rid of.
The bell rang signaling the beginning of fifth period, finally creating a distraction for Nessie.

Chapter Five

Winter was quickly approaching and everyone’s spirits had picked up with the changing season. School had settled into its old ease of constant classes, even though the unusual events hadn’t stopped, and excitement of upcoming holidays and breaks was evident on every face. Gavin returned to school around the end of November, just in time for Thanksgiving. For the first week he was back, he was plagued with questions. Everyone wanted to know exactly what had happened, how he was feeling, or when he would be returning to sports. Gavin’s answers were always the same. The doctors diagnosed him with a heart murmur and that over-exerting himself in gym had caused him to faint from the rapid heartbeat. His doctors and parents felt that returning to sports would not be a good idea at this time and that easing back into exercising would be best.
For all who listened to Gavin’s excuse, it sounded like everything was going to be okay with him; however, Gavin felt anything but okay. Every night since he had woken in the hospital, he had experienced the same dream. It was unnerving. He was frustrated and usually dead tired. His doctors and family all thought his lack of sleep and constant distraction was from the ordeal he had gone through. But physically, Gavin felt fine. Mentally, he was drained and exhausted. The dream was so real. He couldn’t explain it even if he wanted to. It didn’t make sense. He couldn’t think of anyone who would understand or even believe him. Everyone would think he was mental...well all, except one. He knew she wouldn’t believe him, but he was sure she would listen and try to understand. Lately, Gavin had been thinking of Nessie McAdams a lot. He just wanted someone to listen and not judge him. Somehow, he knew Nessie was that someone.

Sitting at lunch with Bonnie was always a nice escape for Nessie during the school day; however, it was hard to feel anything but pure annoyance as the sound of honking car horns blared outside the cafeteria windows. Shaking her head in frustration, she mentally added this occasion to the continuously growing list of strange happenings. It seemed that not just everyone in the school, but everyone in Foxland as well, had grown accustomed to all the weird events. Nessie found that an unusual phenomenon, which she had added to her list. 
“What’s with the gloomy face?” Bonnie asked, startling Nessie from her thoughts.
“Seriously?” she asked, not holding back any irritation from her voice. “How can you just sit here and pretend we aren’t practically shouting at each other?”
Shrugging her shoulders, Bonnie grinned and replied, “We can’t do anything about it. They’re sending students out to try turning off the car alarms, but from what I heard, it’s not working. We’ll just have to wait it out, I guess.”
“Wait it out?” 
“Oh calm down, Nessie,” Bonnie stated, releasing a deep sigh. “What do you want me to say? I can’t control the car horns.”
Rolling her eyes, Nessie folded her arms across her chest, slumping down in her seat. “I know. I’m just so fed up with all this crazy crap. When is it going to stop? If it isn’t one thing, it’s another. Nothing has been normal for months and it’s driving me bonkers.”
“You’re right. Things have been a bit off here lately, but I don’t see how getting upset about it will help,” Bonnie reasoned.
“I’m not upset, Bonnie,” Nessie argued. “I just don’t understand it or why it keeps happening. Are you not at all curious why all the car horns end up going off at the same time? Or why the fountain in the  square suddenly quits? Do you even wonder why all the dogs in town decide to run away, most being found hours later at the old farmhouse along Hereford Road. Seriously, Bonnie, are you not freaked out by the fact that all the flowers in peoples’ yards are still blooming even though it’s winter? Goodness sakes, the trees are still green. Not a single leaf has fallen!”
Leaning forward over the table, Bonnie nodded, her expression drawn. “Of course I’ve questioned those things and all the other freaky situations that have happened, but I have no explanation for any of it. I wish I could explain it to you because I hate seeing you so frustrated. It’s like the time in 3rd grade when you struggled learning fractions. I couldn’t stand watching you try to do the homework. It took you hours and I’m pretty sure I saw you cry a couple of times. This time; however,” she said just loud enough for Nessie to hear, waving her hands indicting she was speaking about the present again, “is harder to watch. For weeks now, your mood has gotten worse and worse. It’s like you’re trying to solve this possible and I’m sorry to tell you this, but there is no solving this puzzle. Even the police detectives can’t explain any of it. I suggest you start doing your best to ignore it, like I do. Sure all these things are happening, but really what is the harm? No one has gotten hurt and nothing has been damaged.”
Nessie stared at her friend, certain that arguing any further would be pointless. She remained quiet for the rest of lunch, resisting the urge to complain about not hearing the bell when it finally rang. 
Walking to her next class, Nessie took her time, unfazed by Bonnie’s constant prodding to move quicker. She threaded her way through the crowded hallways, pondering her list of all the bizarre incidents and the truth of what Bonnie had said. Even though it seemed like the whole town was living in the Twilight Zone, there really hadn’t been any major issues to complain about. Minor inconveniences seemed to the reoccurring theme. 
For her own mental health, Nessie decided it was best to adopt Bonnie’s line of thinking and do her best to ignore the strangeness around her. Concentrating on school and homework would be her main focus. After making this decision, Nessie’s spirits lifted and she suddenly felt gleeful. Determined to turn a blind eye to each little situation or bothersome sound, Nessie tuned out the distance sound of car horns. 
Taking their seats in class, Nessie caught the perplexed look Bonnie was giving her, which was likely because she was grinning. Thankfully instead of questioning her, Bonnie beamed her beautiful smile in return. Nessie assumed it was because she excited to see her closest friend happy again.

Chapter Six

Christmas Break was only a few days away. Teachers were stressed, but students were even more so. They had been studying for and taking final exams all week. At this point, many of Nessie’s classmates had taken the stance that they didn't care whether they passed their finals or not. They just wanted to be out of school. Nessie still wanted to do her best and that was why she was the last one taking her first period final when the bell rang. She rushed to finish, but Mr. Ross was nice and allowed her a few extra minutes.
Nessie finally handed her test over to him.
“Wait just a moment, Nessie, and I will write you a pass to your next class so you’re not counted tardy.” 
“Great! Thank you, Mr. Ross,” she replied happily. 
She wasn’t too worried about getting to her next class. They had taken their final the day before and would just be watching the movie It's A Wonderful Life. She knew her English Literature teacher, Mrs. Dunbar, wouldn’t even notice if she came in late, but she accepted the slip of paper Mr. Ross handed her anyway.
Nessie decided to take her time getting to second period. She was just closing the door to Mr. Ross’s US History classroom when she heard her name. She turned to find Gavin coming towards her.
He didn’t say anything else so she assumed he was waiting for her to speak.
“Umm...hello, Gavin.” 
Stopping directly in front of her with his hands shoved in his pockets, Gavin appeared anxious. “Hi, Nessie. How...umm...how are you? How did you do on Mr. Ross's final?” 
With a slight shrug, she fought the urge to brag. “I thought it was alright. It wasn’t the hardest final I’ve had so I’m pretty happy about that.” 
“That’s good. Most of my teachers have let me take a different final since I was out for so long.” 
Nessie simply nodded her head in understanding. She then just looked at Gavin, wondering if there was more to this bizarre conversation. She was about to say goodbye when Gavin asked, “Do you have a minute to talk about something? If not, I understand. You probably have to get to class.” Gavin was starting to ramble. In a nervous fashion totally unlike himself, he shuffled his feet and shook his head. “Never mind. I am sorry I even asked. I will see you around.” 
“Actually, Gavin, I can talk if you want. Mr. Ross wrote me a pass for second period so I won’t be tardy. I’ll just need to give it Mrs. Dunbar before the end of this period.” 
“Are you sure? I don't want to bother you.” 
Nessie was curious now. She had to know why Gavin wished to talk with her when he was friends with just about everyone in the school. Surely he had plenty of friends he could talk with, but Nessie wasn't about to be rude. Plus, she really wanted to know what had him looking so distressed and out of sorts. “Yeah, I’m not busy. We’re just watching a movie in Mrs. Dunbar’s and I don’t mind missing it since I have already seen it like ten times,” Nessie said with a smile.
Gavin’s mood seemed to improve. He returned Nessie’s smile and said, “We could talk at a table in the foyer if you want.” 
Nessie gripped her backpack straps tighter around her shoulders. “That’s fine,” she whispered. 
The pair walked in silence to the front foyer where there were five tables set up to invite students, teachers or visitors to sit. Gavin led the way to the corner table that was the farthest away from the main office and front building entrance. Sitting down across from Gavin, Nessie placed her bag on the table. With her arms folded and resting on her backpack, she leaned forwarded and waited for Gavin to speak.
Gavin was tapping his legs in a quick rhythm and wringing his hands. “I...umm...I want to...I need to speak with someone and you’re the one person I thought would understand. You will probably think I’m weird or even crazy, but I just need to talk to someone.” 
Nessie was beyond confused now. “I’ll do my best to understand.” She wasn't sure why she was the only person who he thought he could talk to.
“Alright, well it all started after I passed out in gym class,” he began, refusing to meet her gaze. “While I was unconscious, I had this dream. I have had this same dream every night since.” 
Nessie shifted in her seat as she considered what he had said. “You’ve been having the same dream since September? That is like four months! What is the dream about?”
“Yeah, it’s pretty close to four months now. The dream is about...well it is really hard to explain, but it seems so real.” As he spoke, Nessie saw a solemn look pass across his handsome features.   
Nessie was so intrigued. She did her best to stay patient and not rush Gavin to get on with his explanation. She just nodded to encourage him to continue.
Gavin straightened, his hands emphasizing every word, “In the dream, I am a king or something, but the time period is different then now. It’s long ago...like no computers, cell phones or even cars. I know how to ride a horse and even fight with a sword...not just fight, but I’m seriously good at handling a sword. In this dream, I am always undefeated.” 	
Nessie was unsure how to take Gavin's explanation about his dream. She thought the whole thing was kind of ridiculous and made-up, but he seemed so serious, as if this dream was really bothering him.
Nessie decided she should try to make him feel better. She didn’t think he really had anything to be worried about. Trying to be funny and ease his frustration, she teased, “Sooo...I suppose I should start calling you King Gavin?” 
“What? NO!” he said adamantly, shaking his head.
Embarrassed, Nessie shifted her eyes away from him. “I was just kidding. Sorry. I was trying to lighten the conversation. You seem so serious about this.” 
He ran his fingers along a deep crack in the table. “Well I am serious. I can’t figure it out. It’s so messed up. Why am I having this same dream? It isn’t just that I am a king, which by the way, I am not even sure I am a king. I just know that I am powerful and important somehow. The people, in my dream, all call me ‘Lord’ and I am not sure why. Also, I have powers.” 
Nessie leaned forward, fully intrigued now. “Powers? What kind of powers?”    

Flustered and overwhelmed, Gavin did his best to appear calm. “Okay, let me just tell the whole dream first then you can tell me what’s wrong with me.” He paused, clearing his throat before continuing, “At the beginning of the dream I’m walking off a ship that has just docked, and in the distance, I can see a castle. There are blue and crimson flags flying all around it. I approach the castle alone on horseback. Then the next thing I know, I’m standing in the middle of the castle courtyard while the place is burning down. Fire and smoke are everywhere. People and animals are either running around or lying dead. The noise is overwhelming. I know I’m the cause of the fire and panic because I’m somehow using magic to conjure fire in my hands. I am literally throwing fireballs at people. I can see myself doing it, but I can't stop myself. I look possessed…actually, I just look downright evil.” His brow furrowed as he leaned further over the table and asked, “What do you think that all means?”
Taking a deep breath and letting out a low whistle, Nessie appeared bewildered. “Geez, Gavin! I think you’re just stressed. Maybe you have been watching too much Sci-fi. I don’t think your dream means anything. You’re definitely not going to turn evil, if that’s what you’re asking.”
Still looking upset, Gavin slowly nodded, as if he was trying to persuade himself to agree with her. “But don’t all dreams mean something? And why would I keep having the same one?” 
“I don’t know a lot about dream ideology. I am sure some people would say that your dream is trying to tell you something, but I honestly don’t think it means anything. If we did some research, I bet we could find numerous cases where people all dreamt the same dream for periods of time.” 
Hearing the front doors open, Gavin waited to respond until the visitor had passed. “I don’t know, Nessie. It just felt so real. I really don’t like the part where I’m a magical murderer.” 
For several minutes, Nessie remained quiet as she fiddled with the straps on her backpack. Glancing up, she finally whispered, “Yeah, that part is a little upsetting. What else happens in your dream? You said you were great at sword fighting.” 
“Right...well after I torched the castle, my dream jumps a little into the future. I assume that I made myself king. I see myself decked out in fancy clothing and as I said before, everyone is calling me ‘Lord.’ I can understand that they aren’t calling me ‘Lord’ out of respect, but out of fear. I treat people terrible. But in my dream, I also see myself fighting my own guards. I cut them down and don’t even care. I am a tyrant. I take advantage of people and abuse my powers. The dream always ends the same...with me dying.” 
Nessie was fully caught up in Gavin’s dream. “You die? How? I thought you were magical. How can you be killed if you’re powerful? It doesn't make sense!” 
“My dream doesn’t show me how I die. I can just see myself sitting in a chair, slumped over. None of my people even bother to cry. I wouldn’t be surprised if they even did some celebrating.” 
Taking a long pause to consider Gavin’s dream, Nessie finally raised her focus from the top of the table to look Gavin in the eyes. He could see she was struggling to choose her next words carefully. The worry and concern for his feelings were written on her face. He could hear the sympathy in her voice as she said, “Gavin, that is a really interesting story, but it is just that...a story. I don’t think it means anything. Honestly, do you think you were or could ever be this version of yourself? That you could have killed and ruled as the person in your dream?” 
Gavin knew talking with Nessie would help, but he was not prepared for the feeling of complete stupidity and shame that came with Nessie’s reassurance. It was just a dream. How could I possibly have thought any different? Did I really think I was the tyrant in the dream?Slowly shaking his head, as if to clear his mind of all the silly thoughts, he said, “Aw geez, Nessie, you’re right. It is just a story. I have no idea why I got all worked up about it. Man, do I feel like an idiot!” He grinned sheepishly. 

Smiling, Nessie felt compelled to say, “Don’t feel stupid! It is easy to get worked up about something. Heck, I do it all the time. You have been through a lot lately and maybe you focusing on this dream helped to distract you from what happened. I bet that’s it. You just need to get your mind off your health.” 
Feeling happier than he had in weeks, Gavin nodded. “You’re right again,” he said. “Thank you for talking with me. It’s really helped.” 
Nessie realized suddenly there wasn’t much time left in second period. She needed to get to Mrs. Dunbar’s class and turn in her pass. She knew her teacher wouldn’t care that she had missed most of the movie, but Nessie never liked skipping out on class. She was too afraid to get caught. Panic crept up on her, that familiar unease that took hold in her stomach whenever trouble loomed near. A scenario played out in her head of Mrs. Dunbar chastising her in front of the whole class for missing all of second period. What if Mrs. Dunbar and Mr. Ross talked and figured out that she left only a few minutes after the bell rang to go to second period, but she didn’t arrive until class was almost over? Would they give her a detention? She’d never had a detention. She sure didn’t want to start now. Feeling panicked, Nessie quickly reached for her backpack and pass.
“Nessie?”    
Finally aware that Gavin was trying to get her attention, Nessie looked up. His expression was a mix of concern and confusion. “Are you alright? You zoned out there.” 
“Sorry. I...well...I was just worried about getting caught for skipping second period. I really don’t want a detention.” 
“Yeah...detention sucks,” Gavin replied as he ran his hand through his dark brown hair. It was starting to get longer and curl at the ends.
“You’ve had detention?” Nessie choked out. She was highly surprised that the All-American boy had gotten into trouble at some point in his life. What did he do? Was he back talking a teacher? Was he caught skipping class? She thought of each possible scenario as she waited for his answer.
"Yeah, I’ve had detention a couple times since freshman year,” he said with a sly smile that made Nessie take notice. She realized, yet again, just how cute this boy in front of her really was. His amazing good looks were enough to make any girl drool, but when he smiled, he would almost transform.
His smile had the ability to make all the drooling girls faint from the rare hotness that was Gavin Blackwood.
Nessie particularly liked how Gavin’s blue eyes seemed to light up when he smiled. She was surprised she had never noticed before how his eyes always gave away what he was feeling. Still studying Gavin, Nessie watched as the smile and laughter slowly left those blue eyes, only to be replaced with a look of utter sadness, and something else she couldn’t name.
Several moments passed before either one of them became aware the conversation had ceased and that they were simply staring at each other. Nessie was the first to recover. With an awkward smile, she checked her watch and stood from the table. She only had five minutes to get to class. “Umm…I hope our talk helped. I really need to go now." Nessie hesitated briefly before adding, “Have a good Christmas Break.” Nessie turned without waiting for a reply and headed in the direction of Mrs. Dunbar’s classroom.
She heard Gavin call out behind her, “Wait up...I’ll walk you to class.” 
“Oh, that’s okay. Don’t you have to get to class too?” 
“No, not really. Ever since I came back, all my teachers are being real nice and letting me do whatever I want. I missed all of fifth period yesterday by staying in the library and napping. I told Mr. Conners that I wasn’t feeling well and he excused it. Pretty cool of him.” 
“Yeah, Mr. Conners is a cool teacher. I had him last year for Biology. Are you in his Environmental Science class this year?” 
“Yep, I was told it was fun, plus a lot of my friends signed up for the class," Gavin responded with a shrug of his shoulders. Nessie found that particular comment funny since he would have had multiple friends in any class he took. 
The only sound as they walked down the hallway was their shoes squeaking on the polished linoleum floor. Walking in silence proved to be too weird for Nessie so she started to rack her brain for something to talk about. “So what did you do to get detention?” she finally blurted out. 
The smile returned to Gavin’s face. Nessie was once again stunned speechless by Gavin’s attractiveness so she resolved to not look at him and instead focus on where she was walking. She listened as Gavin began his explanation. “The first time, I...uh...well I sorta pulled a prank on our football team's bus driver, Sean O’Neill. He was a cranky old guy that was never any fun...even when we won. He always had a big cup of sweet tea with him and after one night after a big win, a few of the other players distracted him while I poured some laxatives into his cup.” 
Shocked, Nessie let out a gasp of surprise. “You can’t be serious? You really did that?”  Seeing his nod, she exclaimed, “That was so mean!” 
“I know,” Gavin said, chuckling innocently. “But I was just a freshman and the seniors put me up to it. The poor guy was so miserable driving the bus home. I felt so terrible that I turned myself in to Coach McHugh before we even got back to the school that night. He had me running the whole time for the next three practices. Mr. Lindsay gave me a week of before-school detentions. But after that, we had a new bus driver.”
Nessie was surprised by what Gavin had admitted to, but then a slow smile spread on her face. “I can’t believe you did that. That’s a horrible thing to do to someone, but also a little funny. I remember you as a freshmen...you were always a little mischievous.” 

Gavin couldn’t stop the abrupt laughter that burst out of him. “You thought I was mischievous? I was a hellion! You should hear my mom tell horror stories of me growing up. I, apparently, turned her prematurely gray, even though she doesn’t have a gray hair on her head. She likes to remind me of my wilder days, but I honestly don't think I was that bad.”
“I bet your mom is glad that you’ve put your troublemaking days behind you. I didn’t really know you growing up, but you seem pretty chill these days.” 
“Yeah, even more so since the doctors told me about my heart. I can’t even play sports, which really sucks,” Gavin said. Nessie sensed the change in his mood, but couldn’t think of a single thing to say to improve Gavin’s attitude again so the two walked in silence until they arrived outside Mrs. Dunbar’s classroom.
“Well it looks like you made it to class with one minute to spare.” 
“Uh…yeah.” Nessie was still unsure what to say.	
“Look, Nessie, I just wanted to say thank you again for talking with me. None of my other friends would have understood about my dream or really even listened...so thanks.” 
Nessie looked at Gavin, unsure that she had heard him right. None of his other friends...did that mean she was his friend? She blurted out, “You’re welcome, Gavin. See you around.” 
Nessie didn’t give Gavin a chance to reply. She dashed into Mrs. Dunbar’s room and out of Gavin’s view.

Chapter Seven

That year turned out to be a white Christmas for the little town of Foxland. It had started to snow two days before the big holiday and hadn’t stopped since. Gavin was sitting at the desk in his room, simply staring out the window at the falling snowflakes on Christmas morning. He happened to be the only one awake in the house at that early hour. His brother Alec had stayed up late watching old holiday TV specials. His parents spent Christmas Eve at his Aunt Ina and Uncle Glen’s house for their annual Christmas party.
Gavin had never felt more alone than he did on the eve of his favorite holiday. He’d even gone to bed early, hoping that the sense of forlornness and despair he felt could be avoided in his sleep, but he should have known sleep wouldn't help. He dreamt the same dream as he had every night for the past four months.
He had awoken from his miserable sleep around six in the morning and decided that going back to bed was out of the question. He watched the falling snow from where he lay before finally getting up and moving to his desk so he could have a better view of the backyard. Time seemed to pass without any indication, while his mind wandered. Gavin remembered a Christmas from his childhood. It had snowed nonstop, just like it was now, and on Christmas Eve, he grew more and more concerned as he stood at the backdoor watching the white powder accumulate on the ground. By late that evening, he couldn’t even see the tree line at the back of the yard. He remembered thinking to himself, How will Santa Claus be able to fly in this? He’d been worried that Christmas was going to be canceled.
Gavin smiled fondly as he recalled his mother holding him closely and explaining to him how Santa was magical and wouldn’t let the snow stop him from bringing joy to all the children of the world. She even told him the story of Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer who was able to light the way for Santa’s sleigh.
As he recalled this special Christmas memory, he wished he could feel that sense of wonder and amazement again. Growing up was miserable. Being young meant no stress, no worries or uncertainty. He took a deep sigh and shook his head in an effort to get rid of the melancholy feeling. He looked at his alarm clock and realized he had been sitting at his desk for two hours. He stood and stretched, feeling slightly better than he had when he first woke up.
Heading down stairs, Gavin decided to make breakfast for his family, deeming it a nice gesture for the people he loved most in the world. His bare feet made little sound on the carpeted floor as he rounded the hallway corner into the kitchen, only to be greeted by a very happy Cailean.
Cailean, the family Husky, had been a birthday present for Gavin when he’d turned seven. Gavin and Cailean were inseparable growing up and they were pretty good at getting into trouble together, which usually involved pulling pranks on Alec. The boy and canine were partners in crime.
Alec was four years younger than Gavin, which meant he was only three when Cailean joined the family. The two of them never quite got along. Cailean liked to use Alec’s shoes and clothes as chew toys. He considered Alec’s bedroom to be his own personal playroom where nothing was off limits.
By the time Alec was seven, he had learned to keep his door closed and stay clear of the dog.
Even though Cailean was getting older, he still acted like the silly puppy he’d once been. He liked to play in the snow and mud; he enjoyed chasing wildlife. Especially squirrels. Every now and then he would even pull a prank on Alec, like stealing his breakfast or literally destroying his homework.
When Gavin had returned from the hospital, Cailean had stayed by his side constantly. Gavin was grateful for his old companion. He was comforted by the loyalty and love the dog showed him. It seemed to Gavin that over the weeks he was forced to stay home, the two of them had reformed their old friendship.
“Well Merry Christmas to you, too,” Gavin said as he attempted to pet Cailean, who refused to stand still. The dog ran and stood by the back door, eager to go outside and play. His tail was thumping against the door, his mouth open, pink tongue lolling out the side. His blue eyes seemed to scream out his excitement of the fun just beyond the door. Being accommodating, Gavin opened up the sliding glass door. “Have fun, boy!”
Cailean was gone in a flash, a streak of black and white disappearing into the falling snow.
Moving around the kitchen, Gavin gathered supplies for his Christmas breakfast. He mentally planned his menu. There would be pancakes along with a large omelet, sausage links and bacon. He found a roll of biscuits in the fridge and figured he would pop those in the oven as well. He had already mixed the pancake batter, whisked the eggs and had the bacon and sausage frying when Alec walked into the kitchen, rubbing the sleep from his eyes.
Taking a deep breath, Alec said, “Smells good, bro! What’cha cooking?”
“We’ve got pancakes, sausage and bacon, an omelet,” Gavin replied. “Oh and biscuits!” 
Moving stealthy around the kitchen island, Alec lifted the lid on the cooking sausage. “Great...I am starving.” 
Gavin smiled at his younger brother, “You’re always starving, Alec!” 
“That's because I am a growing, young boy. I need to keep up my strength if I am going to be big and strong like you,” Alec teased.
Laughing whole-heartedly, the eldest brother retorted, “You sound like Mom!”
Alec took a seat on one of the stools at the counter and simply watched Gavin work. Gavin was flipping pancakes when he remembered Cailean was still outside. “Alec, can you let Cailean back in for me?”
"Oh, I’m sure the dog is fine outside. Dogs are meant to be outside anyway...not inside, terrorizing people. I'd say just let him stay out there for a bit longer."
Gavin was used to hearing Alec complain about Cailean. It didn’t faze him. He merely stated, “Well, then you don't get any breakfast.”
The two brothers stared at each other. Alec wondering if Gavin was simply bluffing or not and Gavin doing his best to be intimidating while trying not to smile. Gavin finally won the battle when he narrowed his eyes and raised an eyebrow as he had seen his father do countless times before. Alec was convinced Gavin wasn’t kidding. He stood from the stool and walked to the back door. “Cailean! Come on, dog!”
It only took Cailean a few seconds to arrive at the back door, covered in snow and as happy as could be. He proceeded to shake the remnants of fluffy ice off his fur while he stood next to Alec. “AWE! You darn dog! You’ve got me wet.”
Gavin couldn’t help himself. He started laughing at the odd pair that stood at the back door. Alec glared at his brother. “I better get four pancakes for this!”
“Coming right up!”

Alec was sitting at the dining room table, waiting for breakfast to be served when his parents walked through. “Merry Christmas, Alec,” his mother, Ally, cheerfully announced as she leaned down to give her youngest son a kiss on the cheek. “Did you make breakfast?” 
“Merry Christmas, Mom!” He replied, attempting to rub the kiss from his cheek. “Gavin made it for everyone. He’s still in the kitchen.” 
Taking a seat at the table, Marcas, the boys’ father, asked, “What did you two do last night?”
Alec answered, "I just watched TV. Gavin stayed in his room. How was the party?"
Marcus slowly nodded. “The party went the same as every year. Your aunt and uncle were decked out in Christmas apparel. The Grants and Campbells got sloshed as they do every year and got into a huge debate about politics. And, of course, your mom didn’t stop talking the whole night."
From the kitchen, Ally yelled out, "I heard that, Marcas! I didn’t talk the whole night. It isn’t my fault that people find me interesting. I am just a social person."
Marcas merely shook his head and rolled his eyes, knowing that if he replied he would end up in an argument on Christmas morning.
Gavin and Ally walked in, carrying several plates of food before taking their own seats at the table. With everyone finally present, Ally asked if Marcus would say grace before they ate.
“I shall try my best, my dear. Let’s all bow our heads,” he paused, clearing his throat. Marcas then began, “Dear Lord, Thank you for this beautiful Christmas morning, for the opportunity for us to all be together. Thank you for keeping us safe and thank you for getting Gavin through a rough time, for the doctors who were there to help him and his continued improvement. Lord, we thank you for the many blessings and for your love. In Your Son’s name, we pray. Amen.” 
“That was beautiful, Marcas,” Ally whispered.
“Yep, Dad, you did good. Now let’s eat,” Alec stated as he reached for the plate of pancakes.
It was a Hallmark moment. The family sitting at the table eating together on Christmas morning while snow continued to fall outside. Each one of them stayed quiet while they ate.
Finally, Gavin spoke, “I say we open presents next!”
“Yeah, let's open presents,” Alec said between mouthfuls of pancakes.
Marcas and Ally shared a secretive glance. “Well, actually we want to wait to open presents.” 
Looking defeated, Alec whined, “But why? We always open presents on Christmas morning.” 
Ally looked at Marcas, expecting him to take on the challenge of explaining.
Taking a deep sigh, Marcas said, “We just want to try something different this morning. We’re going to wait until Ina and Glen get here.” 
Gavin was confused. “Why are we waiting for them? They always come over later in the day.” 
Ina and Glen Douglas never had children so they did their best to spoil Gavin and Alec as if they were their own kids. Their Aunt and Uncle could be counted on for all the big events in life. They always gave the best gifts, which were usually over-the-top and highly expensive. When Gavin had started high school as a freshman, his aunt and uncle got him a new Mac laptop, which had even the teachers at school jealous.
“We just wanted to wait for us all to be together. It is important to be with family today,” Marcas said with a wave of his hand.
“Whatever you say, Pops, but they better get here soon! You know I can’t stand to wait when there is a tree with presents under it,” Alec stated.
Doing her best to convince her sons the waiting would be okay, Ally smiled and quickly said, “Let’s get things cleaned up and change. That will help pass the time!" She stood and picked up several plates to carry back into the kitchen. “Thank you, Gavin. Breakfast was delicious. Your father and I will take care of doing the dishes if you two wouldn’t mind going to get cleaned up. They should be here around one which gives us about three hours."
“Okay, Mom. Sounds good," Gavin said as he stood from the table. He followed Alec upstairs to get ready for company.

Chapter Eight

An hour later, Gavin descended the stairs. The whole house smelled wonderful since Ally had started cooking Christmas dinner. Gavin’s mouth began to water. When Ally set her mind to cooking, she did an amazing job and for Christmas, she would go all out. Despite their substantial breakfast, Gavin couldn’t wait for the meal. He decided he would even be willing to wait longer to open presents if it meant he could eat. He couldn’t believe he was hungry again, but really didn’t care.
Gavin walked into the kitchen, singing loudly, “Christmas comes but once a year and now it’s here! Now it’s here!” Alec jumped at the opportunity to be festive and joined in the song with Gavin. Ally was amused and also annoyed at the off-pitch key her boys sang. She could only shake her head as she opened the oven to check the ham.
“Aww, Mom! Not only does that smell delicious, but it looks great. When do we eat?” Gavin asked. 
“We eat when my sister and her husband get here! We always wait to eat with them.”
Upon hearing this, Alec chimed in, “But I thought we were doing things differently this year. Since we are waiting to open presents with Aunt Ina and Uncle Glen then we shouldn’t have to wait to eat. It makes sense. It is the only fair action.”
“We are waiting to open presents and we are waiting to eat! You will just have to deal with it,” Ally said with a sigh.
Gavin and Alec shared a look by rolling their eyes. Alec said, “Huh...whatever you say, Mom. I am going to play Xbox. You wanna challenge me to a game, Gavin?” 
“No, I don't think I want to. I’m going take Cailean outside. He loves running around in the snow. Besides, it’s not any fun playing Xbox when there isn’t any competition,” Gavin replied with a wicked smile.
“You’re just scared of losing…again,” Alec threw back.
Gavin only chuckled as he slid open the back door. Cailean rushed past and leaped into the snow piling up outside. Gavin followed at a slower pace. It amazed him how Cailean could be so old, but still act like a young puppy. Even more amazing was when Cailean found his old tennis ball buried in the snow somewhere. He trotted up to Gavin with the desire to play fetch.
Gavin waited for Cailean to drop the ball into his outstretched hand like he had taught the dog to do many years ago. Cailean did just as he was trained and eagerly wagged his tail. Gavin tossed the ball in his hand a few times before throwing it as far as he could towards the trees at the back of the yard.
The two friends played as the snow continued to fall. Cailean even attempted to play keep away with Gavin, but Gavin knew all the old dog’s tricks. He was ready when Cailean would jump to one side and then back. Laughing, as again, Cailean tried to dart past him, Gavin decided he would be adding this moment to his list of favorite Christmas memories. Just a man and his dog, he thought.
After an hour outside, Gavin decided it was time to call it quits. He tossed the ball one last time, aiming for the tree line again. Cailean took off, streaking across the yard in pursuit of his favorite toy. Gavin watched, assuming the dog would do exactly what he had hundreds of times before. Cailean would run full throttle and without slowing down, he’d bounce, burying his entire head in the snow as he fetched the ball. However, that is not what occurred this time. 
Cailean’s speed altered rapidly, from a run to a slow, cautious walk. His attention no longer on the chase for his ball. He wasn’t even going in the direction Gavin had thrown it any longer. Gavin saw the sudden change in Cailean, but couldn’t pinpoint what might have caused his dog to alter his course. He shouted at the dog, only to be ignored. 
Working his way through the deep snow, towards Cailean, Gavin continued to trying to gain the dog’s attention. As he approached, Gavin noticed the rigid stance and raised hackles along Cailean’s back. 
“What is it, boy?” Gavin asked, reaching out slowly to stroke Cailean’s soft fur.
The only answer Gavin received was a deep, reverberating growl, a sound Gavin hadn’t heard too often from his dog. He followed the direction of Cailean’s stare into the trees, hoping to see a deer or wild dog, but all he could make out was the shifting snow and shadows from limbs and trunks. 
Even though he couldn’t see anything, Cailean’s reaction to whatever was hiding in the trees caused a disturbing chill to race down Gavin’s back. Deciding he didn’t really want to discover what was causing Cailean’s aggressive behavior, Gavin grabbed ahold of the dog’s collar, pulling him away from the trees. 
As they approached the back door, Cailean’s behavior shifted back to his playful, puppy-like self. Gavin opened the door and his dog entered at full speed. Cailean’s coat was wet with melting snow and he paused in the middle of the kitchen to do a full body shake. Water and snow went everywhere. Ally gave a shout, quickly followed by a groan. “Oh Cailean, look at what you’ve done! I am trying to cook dinner and you just had to make a mess.” 
Believing he could do no wrong and that everyone adored him, Cailean rushed over to Ally expecting to be scratched behind his ears. Ally was not in the mood for Cailean's playfulness. She stood, hands on hips, staring at Gavin with one eyebrow raised, waiting for him to apologize for his pet and then agree to be on clean up duty. 
Realizing his mom was close to getting upset, he quickly moved to get the mop and paper towels. His attempt to calm her was to say, “Don't worry! I will clean everything up.” 
“You better clean up this dog while you're at it,” she snapped and then left the kitchen.
Glaring at Cailean, Gavin vented his frustration by muttering, “Thanks a lot, Dog. Cleaning up your mess is just what I wanted to do on Christmas!” 
Gavin proceeded to kneel and wipe off the cabinets and oven door and he would have been willing to bet money that his dog was laughing at him in that particular moment. It took him 20 minutes to mop up all of the snow and nasty water off all the surfaces and floor. Finally finished, he then went to join Alec in playing XBox.
Uncle Glen and Aunt Ina arrived around one thirty. They were apologetic for being late as they gave everyone hugs. In his most sarcastic voice, Alec stated, “You should be sorry! We have been waiting forever for you to get here! Mom and Dad even made us wait to open presents.” He ended his statement with a whine and even tried for some fake tears. Glen simply grabbed his youngest nephew for another bear hug. Standing at six foot four, Glen was the greatest at bear hugs. When Gavin and Alec were younger, Glen would carry them around on his shoulders. He easily got the title of Coolest Uncle Ever! Aunt Ina; however, was a petite little thing. She was only five foot two and probably 110 pounds soaking wet. Gavin and Alec decided a long time ago that she should have been a ballerina or figure-skater, but she told them that she loved her job as a nurse and wouldn’t change that. For being such a small woman, Aunt Ina was extremely stubborn and always in control. She was the complete opposite of her younger sister, Ally.
Ally was usually quiet and often times the peacekeeper. Even though the sisters were like day and night, they were very close. If they didn’t see each other every day then they at least called one another. They had been tight since they were little girls, especially since they were less than a year apart which made them Irish Twins. It was one of their favorite things to tell people even though most people have never heard of Irish Twins.
Just as they had different personalities, the two sisters also had different appearances. Ally was taller and curvier. She attributed her curves to being a mother of two, but she never complained. Ally often said that if Marcas was happy with her curves then so was she, but that was more of an excuse not to exercise with Ina, who often attempted to get her sister to workout every week. Ally worked hard as the head librarian at the public library in Foxland and coming home to exercise was the last thing she wanted to do. Her husband was of the same mind. Marcas was the founder of his own construction business. He felt there was no need to reserve time for exercising since he worked outside most days. It was easy to see how perfect Gavin and Ally were for each other. They were still in love after 25 years of marriage, setting a great example for their kids. Gavin often found himself hoping that one day he would be as happy as his parents were.
Marcas came in from the kitchen and witnessed Alec attempting to escape his uncle’s fierce hug. He laughed as he greeted his sister-in-law with a hug and kiss on the cheek. “Hello, Ina. Merry Christmas! You look well.” 
“Well thank you, Marcas. I feel great on this wonderful day! And Merry Christmas to you.”
Being men, Marcas and Glen didn’t hug. They simply slapped each other on the back in greeting. “Hey, Marcas. How have you been? How’s the construction on the house there at Quinn Street coming?” 
“The progress is slow. Mostly because of the weather, but also because several of our supply shipments have been delayed or are on backorder. The owners wanted these high-priced tiles and courtyard stones that needed to be imported. It is a hassle, but it will all look great when it is done.” 
“Of course it will look great! You’re the one building it,” Glen said.
Ally finally made her appearance and greeted her sister and brother-in-law before ushering the family into the living room. Prior taking his seat, Marcas asked Glen if he would join him in having a drink before dinner. “Well of course, Marcas! It is Christmas after all...a time for celebration.”
Walking into the kitchen, Marcas called behind him, “Turkey?” 
“Sounds great.”
The favorite drink of two men was Wild Turkey Bourbon Whiskey. It was a preference they had in common and one of the first things they had bonded over.
Feeling comical Alec cheered, “Wild Turkey! Bottled, but never tamed!”
“Amen,” Glen shouted.
As they sat down to eat dinner, Gavin realized he hadn’t been this happy in a long time. His worry about his heart murmur and the odd dream had put a dark cloud in his life, but being surrounded by his family had pushed the fear away. He fondly looked at each one of his family members and knew that no matter what happened, they would always be the best part of his life.
Alec insisted on opening presents as soon as the dinner was over. They all sat down together in the living room around the tree. Glen passed out the gifts from him and Ally first. Marcas and Ally received a couple’s spa retreat weekend while Gavin and Alec got gift cards, new XBox games, clothing and money. For her sister, Ina picked out a pair of gold hoop earrings that she knew Ally had been wanting. Glen got a new leaf blower since his old one had quit the previous fall. Like most guys, he was extremely excited to have a new tool to play with.
After all the wrapping paper was cleared away and Alec was just about to load a new game on the XBox, Marcas made the announcement, “We still have one more present. Alec, turn off the game for a second.” 
Alec did as asked and returned to his seat with the family. Sitting straighter in his seat, Marcas continued, “We have all been through a lot this year. Glen, you got a new job at the PR company. Alec, you started high school. Ina, you have all your events at the library that keep you busy. And Gavin, well you have probably been through the most. You really scared us there awhile back and we are all so happy that everything is okay. It is because of the crazy year we have all had that Ina, Ally, Glen and I decided a family vacation is needed. We have booked a two-week European cruise!" He ended his speech with a single clap of his hands. Ina and Ally quickly joined in the cheering while Glen stood up and starting dancing.
“We’re going on a cruise! We’re going on a cruise,” Glen sang.
Gavin and Alec were speechless at first, but then the excitement hit them. Alec started to dance and belt out the chant with his uncle. Gavin started to ask questions. “When is the cruise? Where do we get go? What cool things are we going to see?” 
To be heard over the very poor singing, Ina shouted, “We leave the first week after you get out of school!” 
The family spent the rest of the day in a happy state as they laughed and enjoyed the holiday spirit. Again, Gavin thought that this would be another great Christmas memory. He seemed to have had several of those this year and he truly didn’t mind. It was about time things started to look up for him.
Chapter Nine

Nessie’s Christmas Day was pretty uneventful. Being an only child meant that she was usually somewhat blessed when it came to presents; however, the presents weren’t something Nessie looked forward to. She appreciated the gifts, but her favorite part of Christmas was the meaning behind the holiday and getting into the spirit of it all. She loved celebrating the Lord’s birthday and enjoyed decorating for the festivities. She was always in charge of trimming the tree that her dad had picked out personally. He had an eye for selecting the fullest, biggest trees.
Nessie got up early and proceeded downstairs because she was always the first one to wake up and start the day. It had been her Christmas tradition for as long as she could remember. When she was very young and still believed in Santa, she would wake up even before the sun and rush downstairs. She made sure not to make a sound so that her parents wouldn’t wake up. She would just sit in the dark, staring at the most beautiful Christmas tree in the world. It was covered top to bottom in multi-colored lights, tinsel and a random assortment of ornaments. She would see the different gifts all wrapped up and wonder what was inside. In those moments, she felt small, but part of something special. It was an odd feeling and one she had rarely felt since. It was the sense of peace that overcame her that she loved best about her early Christmas mornings.
It was no different on this Christmas, except for the fact that she no longer believed in a magical man who would come down chimneys and leave presents.
She sat on the couch thinking about a multitude of things. Thoughts raced through her mind, but she struggled to find the energy to care about most. She wondered about college and her future. Would she and Bonnie stay friends when they went to separate schools? What exactly did she want to do for a career? There were several options she had considered. She liked the idea of becoming an elementary school teacher, possibly teaching second or third graders. She thought about being a doctor or nurse, but didn’t really have the stomach for the blood and gore. Nessie even considered briefly about becoming a lawyer, but quickly realized she didn’t have the personality for such a career. Another career consideration was something in horticulture. Nessie had always liked working with plants. She would spend most of her summer vacation toiling in the flowerbeds and garden around her family’s house. She was so well known for her green thumb that many of her neighbors had offered to pay her if she would care for their landscaping. Nessie didn’t mind the work. It was a great way to earn money and it was something she really enjoyed. She often thought it was like therapy to her. When something was bothering her, she would just labor over her flowers until the worry was erased from her mind.
Giving up on thinking about her future, Nessie’s thoughts turned toward high school and her classes. She knew  she was doing fine in her courses even though she didn’t do so well on one or two of her finals. She would be able to pull the grades up in the coming semester so she wasn’t concerned. Her mind turned toward Bonnie and her constant chatter about hopefully becoming the varsity softball captain. Usually it was the senior girls chosen for the position of captain or co-captain, but every so often a junior would stomp the senior girls. Bonnie wanted that to be her and Nessie didn’t see any reason why it couldn’t happen. Bonnie wasn’t vain or mean. She just happened to be one of the coolest people in school and worked incredibly hard in the sports she participated in. Bonnie reminded Nessie a lot of Gavin Blackwood. He, too, was extremely popular and had already been named the captain of the varsity basketball team.
Nessie’s next thoughts were both surprisingly insightful and dark at the same time. She considered just how amazing Bonnie and Gavin would be together. She wondered why they hadn’t already become a couple and then she quickly wished they would never become one. It didn’t make sense to Nessie, but the idea of her best friend with a boy, who both confused and intrigued her, didn’t sit well with her. She decided to put the troubling thoughts out of her head. Today was not a day for troubling notions.
It wasn’t much longer before her parents joined her. Their Christmas mornings always started with the opening of gifts. Nessie’s parents took the couch while Nessie made herself comfortable on the floor in front of the tree. It was easy access to the gifts. Nessie’s mother, Kenna, gifted her husband with a new suit. Angus pretended to be excited about the gift, but Nessie could easily tell that a suit was not what her father had wanted.
Kenna was so proud of the suit though. She kept mentioning just how amazing he would look in it. “The salesman told me that pinstripes are always in style and that the color black is suitable for any occasion,” she said with a huge smile.
“Kenna, the suit is perfect. Thank you,” Angus said as he leaned over to kiss his wife on the cheek.
Continuing to smile broadly, Kenna turned toward Nessie. “It’s your turn now, honey! Let’s see what Santa brought for you!” 
Nessie reached for the brightly wrapped package her father was holding out for her. It weighed a lot more than she had anticipated. She quickly resorted to using both hands as to not drop it on the floor. She slowly started to unwrap the red and silver paper when her father sighed great big and said, “Oh hurry up already and open it!” 
Nessie glanced at her parents and could see that they were truly excited about their gift to her. They were sitting on the edge of their seats. Following her father’s instructions, she ripped the wrapping paper off. Shock registered on her face. She had revealed a brand new HP laptop.
“Is this for real? You got me a laptop?” 
Angus was the first to speak, “Well Nes, we thought the old desktop we have isn’t cutting it anymore. We figured you would need something better to work with for school and something you could take on to college with you.” 
“We hope you like it, Nessie. The computer tech guy at the store said it was one of the better laptops on the market.” Kenna was starting to tear up. She tended to get emotional at times like this.
“Do I like it? Are you kidding me? I love it! This is the best gift ever. I can't wait to start using it.” Nessie had every intention of opening up the package to start figuring out her new laptop, but she stopped suddenly. She stood and crossed to the couch to grab each of her parents into a hug. “Thank you, Mom and Dad!” She knew this gift wasn’t easy for them to afford. Both of her parents worked very hard for everything they had. Angus worked at the local car manufacturing plant. He had been promoted to floor manager at the beginning of the year. Kenna had been the secretary for the manager at the bank located in town for the past 15 years. They both had good jobs, but money was always tight. They were careful about their spending and so for them to get her a new laptop, Nessie knew they had to have been saving for a while. It made her feel very loved and cherished.  
After all the gifts had been opened, Nessie’s parents went to the kitchen to start prepping for dinner. Kenna’s best friend, Rose, and her two children were coming over later in the day. Nessie didn’t really mind the two younger kids. They were usually pretty well behaved, but on occasion, the youngest, a four-year old girl named Aggie, would get fussy and throw tantrums that could last for hours. Nessie really hoped that today, Aggie would be in a good mood.
The oldest of Rose’s children was a cute little boy about eight. His name was Boyd and he hardly ever talked, but that was probably because Aggie usually received and demanded all the attention. When Aggie was born, Boyd had learned quickly that he was no longer the center of his mom’s attention. Nessie didn’t think he really cared. He was a good older brother and loved Aggie. He was usually the only one who could get her to calm down when she became upset.
Nessie didn’t really know too much about the kids’ father. She knew  he left Rose a few weeks after Aggie was born and he hadn’t been seen or heard from since. Nessie knew his name was Mike, but that was about it. Rose didn’t like to be reminded about him. Discussing her missing husband didn’t bring up the happiest of memories. Nessie had once heard her parents discussing him. Kenna said she knew Mike was bad news from the start. He couldn’t keep a job and was a borderline alcoholic. Angus had a kinder opinion of the man. He was shocked by Mike’s disappearing act and assumed he would be back. That was four years ago.
Nessie was sitting on the couch and playing on her new laptop when Rose and her children walked through the front door. Rose no longer bothered with knocking since she was pretty much family. She and Kenna had been friends ever since junior high. Rose served as Nessie’s  godmother while Kenna and Angus were the godparents of little Boyd and Aggie. Often times, Nessie felt like Boyd and Aggie were her younger siblings since the two families were so close.
Boyd spotted Nessie’s new laptop and immediately started asking questions about it. He wanted all the details. Nessie had long ago guessed that Boyd would grow up to be a tech geek. He was very intelligent and polite. He was always a favorite for his teachers in school.	
“Can I play with it, Nessie?” he begged.
“Boyd, I don’t know. Have you ever used a laptop before? Do you even know how to use the finger pad? You don’t use a mouse with a laptop.” 
Rolling his eyes, he replied, “Of course I know how to use a laptop! They have two in the elementary school library that I have used before. They aren’t as new and fancy as yours, but I bet ya I could teach you how to use yours.” Boyd stuck out his bottom lip. “Pretty please?”
Silently laughing at herself since she could never deny this little boy anything, she stood up from the couch and walked toward the dining room table. “Okay, you can teach me how to use this thing while we wait for dinner.” 
Boyd was so excited that he ran past her and was sitting down by the time she arrived. She placed the laptop on the table and he quickly pulled it toward him. He was clicking on things while talking and asking questions at the same time. Nessie tried to focus on what he was doing on the laptop, but he clearly had a better understanding of how to work the thing than she did. She was both intrigued and a little jealous because it was, after all, her laptop.
After about ten minutes, Boyd quit talking and just focused on the tool in front of him. He showed Nessie how to create files she could save documents in. He even shared with her how to find the games that were already pre-installed on the laptop. He started to play a game of Mindsweeper, which Nessie quickly grew tired of watching. She decided to check on her mom and see if she could be of any help with dinner. Kenna and Rose were talking as they worked together on different dishes for dinner. Rose was preparing a pie while Kenna was mashing the potatoes.
Angus was sitting at the kitchen table when Nessie walked by. “Hold on a minute, Nessie girl. Have a seat.” He pushed out a chair with his foot as he spoke.
Nessie sat down and waited for her father to speak. She wasn’t really that concerned since he occasionally wanted to have these little talks with her.
“So how are you today? You enjoying Christmas so far?” He asked.
Nodding her head, Nessie said, “I always enjoy our Christmases together. You know Christmas is my favorite holiday!” 
A wide smile spread across his face. “Yes, you have told me that before. You think that computer will work alright for you?” 
“It will be great once I figure out how to operate it. It certainly isn’t like our old desktop.” 
“I suggested to your mom that we get rid of that old thing now, but she wouldn’t hear of it. It was an anniversary gift that I bought for her and she’s sorta attached even though she never bothered to learn how to use it. You are the only one in this house who ever learned how to operate the darn thing.” 
Nessie almost jumped when she heard her mom call out, “Angus, you know darn well that I have used that computer! You can be so rude sometimes!” 
Angus almost started to laugh, but caught himself before he really made his wife mad. Kenna’s idea of using the computer was to play solitaire or to simply look up random recipes that no one would ever want to eat. Instead of saying anything more that would get him in trouble, he decided to change the subject. “Nessie, I know how much the dialup Internet frustrated you so we have decided to get with the times and get wireless internet for the house. It should help you with your school work and applying for colleges.” 
Nessie wasn’t sure if he was joking or not. He was smiling which was usually a good indicator that he was up to something. “Are you serious, Dad? Wi-Fi would be awesome to have. If we had it then we would be a totally modern family!” 
“Of course he is serious, honey! It was my idea so you know it has to be good,” Kenna answered before Angus could even utter a single word.
In her excitement, Nessie jumped up from her chair. “This is going to be great! I won’t have to do my research at the library or use the slow dialup anymore! It is official! This is the best Christmas ever.” 
She once again grabbed both of her parents in a tight hug. She went back to Boyd and her laptop with the intention of actually learning how to use her new computer. Later in the day, she called Bonnie and shared with her the awesome news. Bonnie was so excited, she actually screamed into the phone. She was so happy that her best friend finally had the current technology and wasn’t working in the Stone Age.

Chapter Ten

School resumed after the New Year. Most people were happy to be back because it meant seeing friends or showing off their gifts. Nessie noticed several new vehicles in the school parking lot on the first day back. She had considered bringing her laptop to school, but wasn’t sure if she would even use it. She also didn’t want to risk it getting damaged so she left it at home. In first period, Mr. Ross wanted everyone to share their favorite memory or gift that they received during the Holiday Break. Bonnie was the first to volunteer to share. Her favorite gift was her new diamond stud earrings that her parents got her. She flipped her hair over her shoulders so that she could show off the glistening earrings. Nessie heard several jealous gasps from the other girls in the room. Bonnie sometimes had that effect on people.
Others stood up and shared their favorite things from break. Nessie’s favorite gift was of course her new laptop. A few students asked her about it. They were curious about the brand, size and some other details that Nessie wasn’t quite sure on. The rest of the day was great. All the teachers seemed in a good mood and relaxed. The students were excited to see each other and share their stories from break. It didn’t take long for everyone to get back into the swing of things. Classes quickly resumed their mundane cycle. The falling snow turned into rain and before anyone knew it, spring break was upon them.
Nessie never went anywhere for spring break. It wasn’t easy for her parents to ask for a full week off of work. She really didn’t mind it though. In a sense, staying in Foxland was sort of like a vacation to her. There were many of her classmates and their families who would seek the sandy beaches farther down the coast. The town would be close to deserted. Nessie liked the sense of having the beautiful historic town to herself while on break. She didn’t have to get an early start for school, but still liked to wake up and see her parents off to work. 
She would usually spend her time working in her flowerbeds or taking bike rides to the library. Nessie couldn’t guess how many hours she had wasted in the public library among the books. She loved to read and nothing could beat a good plotline. It was the thrill of getting lost in a story and forgetting about her existence for a while that appealed to her. She was even fond of how the old books smelled. Spring break was a great time for Nessie to simply do the things she enjoyed. She didn’t have any responsibilities or duties during this time and she didn’t have any schoolwork to finish. Bonnie usually went with her family to some exotic place that Nessie was sure she would never see. Last year, they went to Florida, but this year, the Donaldsons went to Hawaii. Nessie wasn’t jealous of her friend’s good fortune. Bonnie always remembered her and would bring something back for her, which showed how much her friend cared.

Gavin’s family would usually take a trip during spring break, but since the family was going on a cruise, it was determined that they would stay in Foxland for the week of vacation. Gavin fully intended on sleeping in and doing absolutely nothing. And that is exactly how he spent his week. He would play XBox with Alec and take Cailean on long walks through the empty town. 
Returning to school after break was rough for most people. It seemed that everyone had gotten used to sleeping in and having to actually get up early was exhausting. All anyone could talk about now was how ready they were for the end of the school year. The seniors couldn’t wait for graduation and everyone else just wanted the torture of school to end. By April, teachers were on edge and low on patience. In Gavin’s opinion, summer break couldn’t come fast enough.  
Thankfully, it didn’t take long for the end of school to arrive. Final exams were only two weeks away. Teachers had started to conduct review sessions during class. Most of the students couldn’t be bothered to pay attention. They either didn’t care about passing the class or knew that they would still pass the class even if they failed the final. Nessie was determined to pass each final with flying colors. She wanted to finish her junior year out strong. She took notes during review sessions, studied during lunch and even at home. By the time her first final was over, she was feeling pretty confident that all her finals would go well. Bonnie, however, wasn’t feeling so sure about her exam performance. She really hadn’t bothered to study and now she was worried about how she would end up doing in her classes. Nessie couldn’t sympathize with her friend. Bonnie had put off studying and missed her chance to make any effort to ensure she passed her classes. Nessie knew that even though Bonnie was stressed about passing, she would still do great. She always somehow managed to achieve high grades.
Gavin was in much of the same state as Bonnie. He hadn’t bothered with studying. He was extremely distracted lately. Between preparing for the family cruise and dealing with the end of school, he was still plagued with the frustrating and alarming dream. The dream never revealed any new scenarios. It always showed him as the ugly tyrant with the same tragic ending. Even though the dream didn’t change, it became more demanding. It had started to occur more than once in a night, which led to a lack of sleep for him. He had started to dream even during the day. A simple nap now meant having to deal with the blood-curdling screams of his victims and his own demise. Sleep was getting harder and harder to come by. Gavin counted himself lucky he hadn’t fallen asleep during one of his finals yet. It would be tough trying to explain to his friends why he woke up in a cold sweat and failed his test. No matter how many times he had the dream, his reaction was always the same. It always felt so real.
Needless to say, Gavin was lucky to get through finals. He would willingly admit he didn’t remember even taking several of his exams. It was all a blur due to his lack of sleep and other matters on his mind. On the final day of school, Gavin couldn’t have been more relieved or ready for it to be over.
The McIntire/Douglas family arrived on their cruise ship a week after school ended. They were exhausted and irritated with each other after long hours on the plane. They had chosen to fly straight in and immediately board the ship. Most of the family sought out the comforts of their cabin suites, but Gavin and Alec wanted to do a little exploring before the family met up again for dinner. They discovered the sports complex that included swimming pools, rock climbing, basketball and tennis courts and many other accommodations.
“I challenge you to a round of table tennis,” Alec teased when he saw the room with the air hockey, table tennis and foosball tables.  
Gavin would have accepted the challenge if he thought he could actually win against his brother, but he had lost to Alec more than won in table tennis over the years. He laughed it off and replied, “Not today. I would hate to start off our trip by beating you.” 
“Yeah, right! You can’t beat me at table tennis and you know it.”

After a night of exploring and too much food, the group was up early for a second day of bonding and games. It was enjoyable to just be able to relax and have no worries. It would have stayed that way for Gavin if only the mysterious man hadn’t appeared on the port side deck the same morning Gavin had woken early to watch the sunrise. For over ten minutes, Gavin remained unconcerned about the man staring at him. He just assumed the guy was looking at something behind him. He considered moving so that he would no longer be in the man’s line of sight, but then the stranger moved closer by slowly walking along the railing toward the bench where Gavin was sitting. Gavin could no longer doubt the man was looking at him. The intense, hair-raising stare was quickly becoming terrifying.
Gavin decided the sunrise was not worth putting up with the chilling eyes that were boring into him. He made his way back to his cabin, thinking that would be the end of the mystery man. Unfortunately, it wasn’t. Gavin saw him every day of the cruise. Those eyes seemed to be everywhere that Gavin went. As much as Gavin tried to put the man out of his mind, it was simply impossible. He considered telling his parents, but knew the worry it could cause them would likely ruin the trip. He tried to convince himself there wasn’t anything to worry about, especially since the man hadn’t made the effort to talk with him. Gavin should have known better.

Chapter Eleven

It was on their last night of the cruise that the man finally spoke to Gavin. The sky was as clear as could be. The stars were shining like bright fireflies, their reflection glistening off the water. Glen came up with the idea that he should take Ina on a romantic walk around the ship’s deck. It didn’t take long for Marcus to follow suit and make the effort to please his own wife. With all the grown-ups out of the picture, Alec thought it would be fun to try out the on-board zip-line that he had seen people riding over the last two weeks. Gavin considered taking a walk as well, but instead decided to check out the ship’s library. He wasn't really interested in reading. He just wanted someplace that was quiet and he could escape to.
At first, Gavin had a hard time finding the library. He followed the signs, but even then, he struggled to find his desired location, which happened to be at the tail end of the ship, set off by itself. He doubted many people visited this particular room which was why it was so isolated. He slipped in unnoticed and found an overly large padded chair in front of a fireplace.
He took in his surroundings and considered how many different stories were contained in this room. The adventures that each bound book told. He knew he didn’t and couldn’t fully appreciate this concept. He pictured Nessie in that moment and how she would appear sitting in the library surrounded by the thousands of individuals who only came to life when read.
It was the first time he had thought of Nessie since the end of school.
His reflection was interrupted when his “stalker” sat down in the chair across from him. For several minutes, nothing was said. The man was dressed peculiarly. He wore black pin striped slacks that were too short in length. They hit mid-shin when he was sitting and revealed bright lavender socks, which refused to stay up. His shoes were brown leather loafers that were marked and scratched, giving them the appearance that he had worn the shoes for a great many years. His shirt was a deep purple. It was wrinkled and missing a button at the top. Instead of a jacket, the man wore a cape of black velvet. His blonde hair was long and greasy, hanging around his face. Gavin was sure the man hadn’t showered in a while. On top of his head, he wore a black bowler hat. It appeared the man didn’t have a clue how to dress himself. He was a complete mess of different styles and colors. 
Finally, the bizarre dressed man smiled, revealing blackened, rotting teeth. “Hello, my Lord,” he hissed.
Gavin's heart skipped a beat. The only time he had been called “Lord” was in his recurring dream. He struggled to keep his shock and fear from registering on his face. He was confused and now worried that this man may want to do him harm, but it was almost like the stranger could read his mind.
“Do not fear, Sir. I mean you no harm. I am only here to speak with you and to educate you on your history and true purpose.”
His words broke temporarily through the cloud of confusion in Gavin’s mind. Shifting in his chair, he asked, “True purpose?”
“Yes. Your true purpose. Meaning your destiny. Your fate. Have you ever wondered what you were meant to do?” 
Nodding his head, Gavin replied, “Of course I have wondered. Everyone wonders! Seriously what is this about? Did Alec put you up to this? It would figure! The one chance I have to escape everything and have a bit of fun, that little dork has to go and ruin it for me.” Gavin was quickly becoming upset. He was sure he had it figured out. It made perfect sense that all this was Alec’s idea of some sick joke.
With a wave of his hands, the man leaned forward causing his stench to drift closer to Gavin. The revolting reek assaulted his sense of smell. The stranger spoke, “I am being completely serious. I was sent here to you. I will gladly answer all your questions, but first, let me explain everything to you. My name is Baruff. I knew you in your past life. I was there when you were born and when you died. I have served your mother, my employer, for centuries. I have seen the rise and destruction of civilizations as I have patiently awaited your return. I have remained in the shadows, always striving to help…”  
His speech was cut off when Gavin started to shake his head and laugh uncontrollably. Wiping tears from his eyes, Gavin choked out, “I’m sorry, but everything you are saying is ridiculous! You can’t expect me to believe any of that. I have a mom. Her name is Ally Blackwood. There is no way you could have lived through centuries.” He’d had enough of this joke. He felt he had already spent too much of his time listening to the unbelievable ranting of a crazed man. He started to stand with the intention of leaving.
“I have waited many years for this conversation. You will sit and listen to what I have to say.  All that I say is true. I will prove it all once I am through explaining. The woman you call your mother is not your true mother. She was chosen to carry you in her womb and to raise you to adulthood. She is nothing more than a glorified governess. Your true education and training will begin soon. You will become extremely powerful and you will learn from the mistakes you made in the past so as not to repeat them. This time, you will conquer and achieve greatness.” He held up a hand when he saw that Gavin was about to interrupt him again. “I told you to listen. There will be time for you to ask questions.” 	
Gavin decided to let the crazed man have his way. He would appease the man for a few minutes and then make his escape. He started to think of excuses he could give in order to leave quickly. He considered saying his family was waiting on him and that he was already late or that he had to start packing since the cruise ended tomorrow. Gavin was brought out of his scheming by what Baruff said next.
“I know about your dream, Cadeyrn. I know what it is you dream about every night. I know the struggle you deal with. I know you are worried about the images you see. I can explain it all to you.” 
“My name is Gavin. And how do you know about the dream?” Gavin said through clenched teeth. He had gone from feeling amazed to completely infuriated. He hadn’t told anyone besides Nessie about the dream and he couldn’t image Nessie telling anyone, let alone this creep before him.
Baruff spoke slowly as if instructing a young child, “I know about your dream because it is the dream I chose for you. I carefully selected the scenes from your past that would ultimately show you some of the many accomplishments you were able to achieve before you made the terrible mistake of trusting the wrong person, which eventually led to your demise. You saw the absolute power you wielded and the love your servants felt for you.” 
Anger continued to well up inside Gavin. He nearly shouted, “The power I witnessed destroyed and killed. The servants most definitely didn’t love me! They served me out of fear. They hated me and it was probably one of them that did me in.” 
Baruff shook his head in disagreement. “People always hate those who have more or hold higher status. You didn’t kill unless you had to and conquering always involves some level of destruction.” 
Gavin was disgusted by the idea anyone could just excuse the horrendous actions he saw each night. He continued his argument, forgetting he didn’t believe a single word Baruff was saying. “I saw it all in my dream! I fought my own servants and killed them. I didn’t need to end their lives, but I did. And I didn’t have to burn everything in my path either, but I did. From the look on my face, I took some sick pleasure in these vicious acts.” 
“You did what had to be done. War is violent and ugly, but there must always be a winner.” 
Looking up as if for some divine guidance, Gavin sighed loudly. He was quiet for several moments. Baruff never took his eyes of Gavin, as if trying to figure out the young man in front of him. Gavin finally broke the silence. “What does any of this matter now? You somehow know about my dream. So what? Doesn’t mean anything. This is all foolish talk and I have had enough. I'm outta here.” 
Baruff flicked his wrist in Gavin’s direction. “I told you that you were going to sit there and listen. I haven’t finished explaining everything.” 
Gavin attempted to stand, but couldn’t. It seemed like his muscles were all locked up. His limbs felt heavy and lifeless. “What did you do? Why can’t I move?” 
“I used a bit of magic to ensure you didn’t depart from our conversation early.” 
“Magic? You have got to be freaking kidding me!” 
“No, my Lord, I am not kidding you,” Baruff answered shaking his head. “You know, I have never completely understood that phrase. It doesn’t make sense. Modern vocabulary has become very lazy and incorrect. I can’t believe some of the words people are using these days.” 
“Let me go,” Gavin exclaimed.
“Not until we are done speaking. Now where was I? Oh yes, we were discussing your dream.” Baruff paused as he picked a piece of lint from his jacket. “Well everything in your dream is true. Your rise to glory and your tragic death, but through the great powers and wisdom of your mother, you have been gifted a second chance. You can once again set out to conquer all the realms of this earth. Your powers will begin to show around your eighteenth birthday, which if I remember correctly is ten months away. During this time, I will educate you on the different histories of the realms and of the ancient magic which you will wield.”
Gavin wasn’t sure how to process all Baruff was saying. “Realms? Do you mean the different countries in the world?” 
“Well yes and no. You live and only know of one realm, but soon you will learn of the other realms. There are five in all, actually. Each one varies in the occupants who live there and in their history. You live in the realm where very little magic exists and if it does, people are skeptical about it. They assume it was a trick of the mind or some miracle. Magic was once in these lands, but was forced out by extremists who feared the power or sought it for their own use. There is evidence of magic throughout your realm’s history though. You only have to look at the clues to figure it out. Your realm is known by many simply as Gwendor which roughly translates into plain or simple.” 
Baruff stood and started to walk a path in front of Gavin. His cape flowed out behind him like a great black cloud. He was in full teacher mode now as the words continued to flow from his mouth. “Another of the five realms is Fealend. This is the realm in which you were originally born. There is magic within this realm. It is a realm of wizards and witches, a place where kings and queens still rule. You will return to this realm one day. Your mother waits for you there. The third realm is known as Belsure. There really isn’t much to this realm besides the many unusual and extraordinary creatures found there, but be warned, this realm can very dangerous. The creatures that live there are clever and menacing. They will kill you without hesitation.” Pausing for a moment, Baruff knelt before the fireplace. He stared into the flames as he continued, “Luden is the fourth realm. Here you find your different magical creatures like your elves and fairies. Dwarfs are found scattered around the realm also. This realm is very beautiful and probably the most peaceful. I would say it has the least violent history of all the realms. And then we have the final realm, known as Rognic.” He stood and faced Gavin as he took up his path again. “Its lands have long been deserted. It was once the greatest of all the realms. Over a thousands years ago, a wizard by the name of Gornon rose to power in Rognic. His strength and might was unmatched, but he ruled with a fair hand. He was loved by many and before his tragic death; he had planned to unite all the realms. It was his dream to see the realms joined together. He wanted each to prosper by implementing rules on magic usage. He was a champion for the weak and unmagical, those who could not fend for themselves against those who would use their magic for evil purposes. He sought equality for all and was killed for it.” 
Baruff stopped his pacing and returned to his seat. He stared at Gavin, trying to gauge his response to the mini history lesson he had just given. But Gavin sat completely still and he wasn’t giving anything away. His face didn’t register surprise or shock. For all Baruff knew, Gavin hadn’t heard a single word he had said.
“Well Cadeyrn?” 
Appearing relaxed, Gavin portrayed a bored look. “Well what? I have sat here and listened. Now can I go?” 
Leaning back further in his chair, Baruff propped one leg over the other before replying, “I don’t feel that you are giving this your full attention. Do you believe what I have told you, Caderyn?” 
“I believe that you are a definite drug addict. Everything you’re saying is impossible. You are seriously loony, dude!” 
“You always were a stubborn one, Cadeyrn. I suppose I must show you in order to convince you what I say is true.” Baruff stood as he spoke and moved to stand beside Gavin’s chair.
Baruff’s lips twitched up into a slow, greasy smile. Gavin suddenly felt very uneasy. He feared that he had provoked this crazy man into something seriously dangerous. His fear doubled as he watched Baruff reach out his bony hand and grip his shoulder.
He heard Baruff laugh wickedly and say, “Don’t forget to breathe!” 
And then the room melted away. Colors blurred and his head spun. Gavin was no longer certain if he was sitting or standing. His eyes rolled back into his skull. He felt as if he were floating. As if gravity was no longer holding him down. He thought for sure he was going to pass out. He couldn’t comprehend what was happening and then as suddenly as the nauseating feeling had come over him, it was gone. He was afraid to open his eyes, unsure what he would see. Fear was blocking all his senses. What had Baruff just done to him? Was he still aboard the cruise ship? Had he been changed in some way? His mind was racing with questions. His heart thundered in his chest and his breath was labored. He felt as if he had just run a marathon.
Eyes still closed, Gavin tried to make sense of what had happened. He took several deep breaths and then reached out his senses. He could hear birds chirping somewhere in the distance. He felt the wind on his cheeks, felt it ruffle his hair. He became aware of the hard ground beneath his feet. He had no idea where he was and again, fear caused his stomach to tighten into a knotted ball.
“Open your eyes, Cadeyrn. See for yourself that I speak the truth.” 
Baruff’s words barely registered in Gavin’s confused mind. He focused on slowing his breath before deciding the only thing to do was to open his eyes. They’d been shut so tightly Gavin’s head was starting to ache. With one last gulp of air, he opened his eyes.
Gavin was standing in the middle of an overgrown field. The birds he had heard were flying to and from trees that grew in the distance. Overwhelmed with what he was seeing and still trying to figure out how he got to this place, Gavin fell to his knees.
“How...How is this possible? Where are we?” He stuttered.
“Welcome to the realm Fealend. You are home, Cadeyrn.” 
	
Chapter Twelve
It had taken Gavin quite some time before he was able to stand back up, and even then his knees felt like they would buckle beneath him. Baruff explained that traveling between realms could be difficult at first, but trying anything new is usually hard. He said that with some practice the stomach-churning feelings would cease. Baruff had the nerve to laugh at Gavin’s queasiness, which didn’t sit well with Gavin. It didn’t take long for Gavin to decide that trusting Baruff might not be such a good idea, but this stranger was his ticket home so he refrained from speaking his mind.
Baruff led them out of the field and down a dirt road. He spoke insistently about things that Gavin couldn’t begin to understand. He was still trying to comprehend how one minute he was on a cruise ship and the next in the middle of a field. He was bouncing this puzzle around in his head when Baruff interrupted his thoughts.
“Are you even listening to me? I have been explaining to you several very important factors that you will need to know.” 
“Sorry, I am just a little confused. I still can’t figure out how you did it!”
“You daft boy, I have told you a hundred times already. Magic! That is how it is done. You are one of the most powerful beings alive and yet here you are, acting like a complete simpleton. Get yourself together and start acting like the Cadeyrn I once knew!” 
Gavin could see Baruff was quite upset with him. He felt as if he had just been chastised by a teacher. “Alright. It was magic. I am listening now,” he replied solemnly.
“Good! As I was saying, this realm has not seen the advancement of technology or even industries. It is not governed by politics. No, the people of Fealend do not need these things when magic is available. Here magic is used daily, for all of life’s purposes. Royalty is the ruling force. Kings still wage wars and princes still marry princesses.” 
Gavin wasn’t sure if he should laugh or not so instead he jokingly said, “Gosh, this whole thing is right out of a fairy tale!” 
Baruff stopped walking and grabbed Gavin by the shoulder and turned him so that they were facing each other. “So you think this is a fairy tale? You think it will all have a happy ending?” As he spoke he moved closer  until he was inches from Gavin. He eyes bored into Gavin. His glare was so intense that Gavin had to look away. “You are wrong to laugh about any of this. The life you knew is over. Everything you ever thought was true is going to be proven wrong.” As he spoke, his voice became louder and higher pitched. “You were once powerful! You conquered kingdoms! You will, again, take on this challenge and this time you will not fail!” 

Gavin’s shoulder stung from Baruff’s tight grip. He struggled to meet Baruff’s sinister stare. He felt a shiver run down his back. He looked anywhere but into the face that radiated evil. Realization slowly penetrated his mind. This madman wasn’t joking.
Baruff released his hold on Gavin with a slight shove. He continued to glare at Gavin for a moment before saying, “Let’s keep going. I’m getting hungry.” 

Chapter Thirteen

An hour passed as the two travelers walked along that dirt road. At times, their progress was made difficult by the deep horse and wagon tracks left in the packed ground. Baruff continued with his lessons on the histories of the different realms. After the first hour, Gavin gave up on listening. Instead he focused on his surroundings and tried to logically understand this sudden, mind-whirling change in his life. Instead of consistently letting the doubt take over his mind, he attempted to adjust his way of thinking. He let go of the previous knowledge that magic didn’t exist and tried to let his new reality set in. Gavin even tried to use a little magic before he recalled Baruff saying his powers wouldn’t start to show until he turned eighteen. He had just had his birthday two months ago. He was one of the youngest in his grade. Gavin wasn’t sure about using magic, but he could no longer doubt its existence. It was magic that had transported him off a cruise ship and into the middle of a field. He started to wonder about his family and if they already noticed he was missing.
Baruff was in the middle of a long-winded speech about the different rulers of Fealend throughout history. His lecture was so mind-numbing that he even seemed bored with it. Gavin waited for Baruff to pause for a breath before asking, “What will my family do when they notice I am gone? People don’t usually disappear from a cruise ship.” 
“No need to worry about your family. A simple spell was all it took to ensure their memories of you are temporarily forgotten. I will lift the spell once we return.” 
“But the cruise is over tomorrow. I will need to be back before we head home…won’t I?”   Gavin asked.
As if he were greatly inconvenienced by the question, Baruff sighed. “You will be returned to the ship before your family departs.” 
“Okay, so where are we going?” 
“We are heading to the metropolis of Ravenwood. It is the largest city in this realm. Your mother lives there. Unfortunately, you won’t be seeing her today. She doesn’t know we are here and she won’t find out. This trip was purely to educate you on the truth. If I hadn’t brought you here, we would still be sitting in that library while I tried to convince you this is all real.” With a flourish of his hands, Baruff indicted their surroundings.
Gavin was both surprised and happy to hear he would not have to meet the woman who claimed to be his long-lost mother, and he didn’t want to question why. “Well you have fully convinced me now. I am still unsure about some things, but I don’t doubt…” Gavin wasn’t sure how to describe what had happened in the last few hours so he simply said, “Umm...any of it.”   
Baruff was pleased to hear this and it showed through his smug smile.
After five minutes of peaceful silence, Baruff pointed off in the near distance. “We are almost there.”
Gavin was surprised by what he saw. He had expected wooden houses with thatched roofs, but instead he saw buildings of every size made from stone and brick with tile roofs. The streets were made of brick. Gavin could see the layout of the city was well organized. The streets led to the center where there stood a colossal and impressive building. Gavin guessed that the building had to stand at least ten stories high. Ravenwood was so large that it spread out for miles in all directions. Small farms dotted the landscape on the outskirts of the city. Gavin could see people working and moving from place to place. The whole scene was straight out of a movie. 
Baruff saw the shock register on Gavin’s face. He chuckled before saying, “Not what you expected, huh?” 
Gavin tilted his head as he contemplated his next words. “No. I’m not sure what I thought to see, but this is not it. It’s beautiful.”
Baruff nodded his understanding and shared, “You expected to see a small, rundown village. A place with no plumbing, electricity, or excitement. You have lived your whole life seeing nature being paved and forests logged in the name of progress. The bigger the stadium or the taller the building means it will be more impressive, more desired. It is hard for me to see how the inhabitants of Gwendor can be so blind and at the same time, be so very vain. Every year, your realm grows in population, yet the number of farms to feed the population is cut.” Baruff shook his head after realizing he was beginning to rant. “It is just mind-boggling.” 
He sighed before continuing, “Ravenwood is very impressive. It has stood for over 8,000 years. It has seen many wars, diseases and disasters, but it still stands. The city spreads out in all directions from one central building called Bruce Hall.” Baruff pointed to the impressively tall building that Gavin had noticed earlier. “It was named after the wizard, Brucemen, who commissioned the building. It is here that the numerous different rulers of Fealend have lived. The building is also home to many of the great wizards of the different realms. Magic is practiced within the walls of that hall. You might not believe it, but there is science involved with magic. Many potions and spells take careful calculations and proper execution or else the results could be fatal.” Baruff paused as he reached in his pant pocket and retrieved an old tobacco pipe. Gavin watched as Baruff lit the dried leaves and blew a large smoke ring. Baruff spoke between puffs, “If you recall from your dreams, you were once a powerful wizard. Not many magical beings can achieve that level of mastery. You are a very talented young man and it is my job to make sure you receive the proper training.”
Reaching out, Gavin let his hand float among the weeds that grew tall along the edge of the road. “Will my training be done in Bruce Hall?” Gavin questioned. 
“At times, yes. We will need to make use of the training equipment and facilities housed within the hall, but not until after you receive your powers. Most of your training will be done in your home realm of Gwendor. For now, we will focus on learning the histories of the realms and even some small spells and potions.”
“Why would I start learning spells and potions if I can’t use magic yet?”
“Contrary to belief, very little to no magic is used with most spells and potions. Like I said earlier, it is more of a science.” 
Gavin got a sense of dread because he had never been very good at science. He quickly realized how trying these next few months were going to be working with Baruff. He decided not to probe his walking companion for further information. They approached the first small farmhouse, where several young children ran between the house and barn. Their laughter echoed off the stone structures. Gavin couldn’t help but be surprised that they looked no different from the children in Foxland. He had thought they would differ somehow from growing up around and understanding magic. 
The three children finally saw the strangers walking. Even from the short distance, Gavin could see the fear in their eyes. The child who appeared the oldest ran into the house and quickly returned with a woman whom Gavin guessed was their mother. She took one look at the duo walking on the road and gathered her children into the house. She moved with lighting speed before slamming the door shut. If Baruff had noticed the strange behavior, he didn’t comment. Gavin refrained from questioning the bizarre reaction even though three more families acted in the same peculiar way. He hoped that it was just peoples’ reaction to seeing strangers and nothing more sinister. 
As they progressed, the buildings became steadily more impressive and taller. It took them close to another hour of walking along the bricked roads through the city before they finally reached the enormous building that was Bruce Hall. The outside resembled the Gothic architecture of different churches Gavin had seen in pictures. The building was imposing and cast a large shadow that made Gavin feel small and inferior. 
Giant human statues looked down from their perch on the side of Bruce Hall, hundreds of feet in the air. He wondered who they were and what made them so important that they were cast into stone to forever watch over Fealend. Aside from the human forms, there were also statues that depicted a variety of animals, some that Gavin had never seen before. He was so lost in his assessment of Bruce Hall that he didn’t realize Baruff was closely watching him.

Chapter Fourteen

Baruff continued walking closer to Bruce Hall, but his eyes never left Gavin’s face. He was watching for any sign of recognition from his former master, Cadeyrn. He desperately needed to see or hear that Gavin knew he was finally home. Baruff felt the same annoyance and anger that always came when he recalled the hundreds of years he had spent waiting for the return of this young man beside him. In the beginning, when he’d first met Cadeyrn, he quickly realized that the boy was selfish and egotistical. Baruff realized how similar he and the boy were and knew they shared the same aspirations. They were both blinded by their own megalomania, but the only one with the power to achieve their desires was Cadeyrn. 
Baruff had met Cadeyrn’s mother by complete accident. As a young man, he was a petty thief who’d made the mistake of bragging about his stolen goods one drunken night in a pub. The next morning the king’s guards were pounding down his front door. He was barely able to escape through the side window of his small shack. He ran until he was scarcely able to stand, stumbling toward a large house. Baruff moved quickly around the house and through the barn lot to enter the stables. While looking behind his back, he headed for the farthest stall. He closed himself in and collapsed. He fell into a dead sleep as his breath slowed to its normal pace. 
He was awakened by a sharp poke in the ribs. He was startled at first and moved to make another escape by knocking down whoever was in his path. Baruff would have made his escape if he hadn’t glanced towards his intruder at the last second. He was rendered motionless. Before him stood the most beautiful woman he had ever seen. Light brown hair fell around her angelic face in soft curls; the light peeking through the wooden slats accented blonde streaks throughout it. She looked at him with the most astonishing shade of emerald green eyes. Baruff stood at least a head taller than the thin woman.
He was so impressed by her beauty, words failed him.
The woman finally broke the silence by asking, “Why were you sleeping in Turk’s stall?”
“Ya see, I was needing…I mean, I was tired and this here stall looked like a nice place to take a nap.” He winced, rubbing his sore ribs. “Who is Turk?”
With a wave of her hand, she brought Baruff’s attention to the enormous gray gelding standing patiently on the other side of the stall door. “That is Turk. He was a birthday gift two years ago.”
Baruff glanced from the gelding to the petite woman and back again. He wondered how such a small woman could control such a big animal. He had never been particularly fond of horses. The species had always struck him as skittish and unpredictable. 
His musings were interrupted when she asked, “You’re the one the guards were looking for, aren’t you?” 
Fear crept down Baruff’s spine as he watched a wicked smile cross the young woman’s face. “Not sure what you’re talkin’ about. I’ve been traveling for days on me way to see my family. Don’t know nothin’ about no guards.” 
“Are you sure? I would hate to think I was being lied to. You know, I’ll bet the guards are still at the house. All I have to do is yell and they will come running.”
Panicked, Baruff wrung his hands together. “No, Miss, please don’t. I’ll be honest. I’m the one they want. You see, I only steal what I need to keep livin’. I wouldn’t steal ‘less I had to. Please don’t let them find me.” 
She eyed him up and down as if she had an idea brewing. “You are a thief, you say?” She paused to wait for his nod. “And you use magic to help in your thievery?” Again, she waited for him to answer yes. “Well, I propose a deal then. I will help hide you from the guards if you will agree to work for me. I have need of your magical skills and sneaky services.” 
Baruff was instantly sickened by the idea of working for a woman. His pride refused the notion and so with a firm shake of his head, he answered, “Heck no, I ain’t working for the likes of you! I have standards and they sure don’t include working for no lassie.”
With a small sigh, she uttered, “Very well. Enjoy prison.” And with that she yelled so loud that her gelding startled and reared on its hindquarters. 
Baruff hadn’t considered the harsh reality that awaited him in the king’s dungeons. His pride quickly forgotten, he gripped the woman by her shoulders and shook her. “Stop yelling! I’ll do whatever you say. I can’t go to prison. That ain’t no place for a fellow like me.”
She ceased her yelling and smiled broadly. “You’ll work for me?”
Baruff could hear the sound of running individuals approaching the stables. “Yes, yes! I will work for you. Please just hide me…now!”
“You promise to always obey me and never steal from me?”	
“Yes, of course.” In his panic, Baruff started to sweat profusely. He was looking wildly from the door to her face. His grip on her shoulders tightened, but she gave no outward hint that he was hurting her. 
“Very well. My name is Anwen. Come this way.” She led him out of the stall and headed for a wooden ladder that went up into the hayloft. “Get up there and hide. I will get rid of the guards.”
Baruff started to climb the rungs on the ladder as quickly as he could. He stopped when he felt her hand on his side. “Wait, what is your name?”
“Baruff, Ma’am”
“Remember, Baruff, if you decide to double-cross me or disappoint me, all I will have to do is call the guards like I just did.” Her intense stare told him that she was not lying. 
“Yes, Ma’am.”
She turned her back and headed for the large double doors as he finished his climb. He had barely had time to hide in a large pile of hay when he heard the guards finally arrive. He could feel his heart racing. He put all of his trust and even his very life in this woman that he knew nothing about. He thought he was surely done for until he heard Anwen speak. 
“Oh, thank goodness you are here,” she cried. “Did you see that rat just run out? I just got back from a ride and was putting my horse away when that thing attacked!” Her voice started to crack as if she were about to cry. She was giving one of the most convincing performances he had ever heard. The guards would surely believe her to be a small, defenseless woman who was over distraught, but Baruff knew better. Anwen was obviously very cunning if she could pull off this sham. 
Baruff listened intently as a guard attempted to ease Anwen’s distress. “Miss, please calm down. I am sure the rat is long gone by now.”
“How do you know that? It could be watching me right now! I demand you look for it and get rid of it!”
A wave of nausea hit Baruff as he was sure Anwen had just betrayed him. She was insisting the guards search the stables for a “rat.” He was convinced she was referring to him. She had tricked him with her false lies and trapped him so the guards would find him for sure. He racked his brain to come up with a plan for escape. He considered taking the guards by surprise and making a run for it, but he wasn’t positive how many guards there were. If there were only a few, then his plan might work, but there would be no way he could make it past a dozen guards. 
He could hear the guards poking around each of the stable stalls below and looking through the tack rooms. Beads of sweat rolled down his forehead. He desperately scoured for any kind of weapon he could use in his defense. He eyed a pitchfork about twenty feet away in the corner of the hayloft. He slowly started to crawl in effort to stay unseen. He made it about half way to his goal when he heard the creak of the ladder rungs. 
He knew he was done for. There was no way he could make it to the pitchfork or be able to return to his hiding spot. He was exposed in the open and no means of escape. In those moments, he lost all hope and submitted to the reality that he was going to end up in the king’s dungeon.
“Wait! Why are you going up there? There is nothing up there, you imbecile. Get back down here and find that rat. You aren’t going up to the hay loft for a nap!” Anwen was no longer distressed. Instead, she now displaying a great deal of anger. Baruff heard the guard retreat down the ladder. He began to breathe again and crept slowly back to his hiding spot. 
“I swear you guards are the laziest bunch of toads ever! Wait until I tell my husband about this. He will be most displeased.” There was no misinterpreting the distain in Anwen’s voice. Baruff didn't feel she was pretending any longer. He actually began to feel sorry for the guards. He was certainly happy he wasn’t the one being criticized by the young lady. 
A guard spoke up in effort to save his skin. “Miss, please, don’t get upset. We were looking for the rat. We’ll find it, just please don’t tell the Bowen.”
Baruff’s stomach did a little summersault. Besides being the king’s right hand man and most trusted friend, the Bowen was also one of the most powerful wizards in the entire realm. He had risen to power over the years. He had countless enemies, but none could defeat him. Many of the people who disagreed with the Bowen would end up disappearing in the night. It would be like they never existed. He was known for being ruthless which was probably why the guards were now shaking in their boots. There were some brave souls who would whisper their opinions about the Bowen. They would often suggest that he was using some dark magic to control the king. 
Baruff was surprised to hear the Bowen had a wife. Anwen seemed too delicate and innocent to be married to a man like the Bowen, he thought, but then again, she had basically just forced him to work for her as a thief. 
“Oh just get out! You all are useless. Leave now or I will tell the Bowen!”
Baruff could hear the guards running away. He wasn’t sure if he wanted to come out of hiding. He stayed where he was until he heard her soft voice, “Well aren’t you going to come down? The guards have all left.” She paused, waiting to hear him move out of his hiding place. “You are welcome!” She added finally.
He didn't reply, uncertain what to actually say. Baruff started down the ladder and turned to face his new employer. “Well, aren’t you going to say thank you?”
Starring at the ground as he spoke, Baruff murmured, “Umm, yes, Ma’am. Thank you for hiding me and gettin’ rid of those guards. I thought for sure I was a goner!” 
Anwen spun on her heels, heading for her gelding, which still stood in the aisle way. “It is over. Now is the time for us to discuss your employment. I have the need for a clever and inconspicuous servant to complete the work I need done that I do not wish for my husband or others to find out about. You will be working…” 
Baruff followed slowly behind her. “I ain’t no servant.”
The look on Anwen’s face suggested she didn't like being interrupted. 
With an air of authority, Anwen stated, “You will serve me! You agreed to do just that if I saved you from the king’s dungeon. I held up my end of the deal and now it is your turn.” 
“What will happen to me if your husband finds out that I’m working for you?” Baruff questioned for fear of bringing the Bowen’s wrath down upon him. 
Waving away his concern, Anwen removed the saddle from Turk’s back. “You needn’t worry about Bowen. If you do everything I tell you, exactly how I tell you to do it, then no one will ever know.”
Baruff was still uncertain about working for Anwen, but he had little choice. If he refused to help her then she would call the guards again. 
He was thinking maybe he could trick her into falsely believing he would work for her, but then later make a run for it. His plan-making was interrupted as Anwen continued, “You will be paid, of course. You will be given access to the wealthiest places in the realms and enjoy the finest luxuries. You will be my most trusted confidant.”
“What exactly will you be havin’ me do?”
Anwen walked over to a large chest that stood outside the stall and removed a stiff bristle brush. She started to groom Turk’s grey coat in long, smooth strokes. “You will cheat, steal, lie, bribe and everything in-between, including kill if necessary.”
Shaking his head in denial, Baruff replied, “But all I ever did was steal! I ain’t ever killed. How do you expect me to do all that? I can’t do any of that. I don’t fit into fancy places. I don’t act like those rich people.” 
“You don’t have to worry about fitting in. I can teach you all you need to know. I will take care of everything. All you have to do is listen to what I say and see that it is carried out without question,” she said as she moved to the other side of the horse and continued her grooming.
Baruff was questioning everything that came out of her mouth. How would she make him fit into her elaborate world? How would the Bowen never find out about him? Who did she expect him to kill?  His head started to pound. Finally, he asked, “Why do you need someone like me anyway?”
“Because I am tired of being controlled by everyone, especially my husband. Because I am destined for greatness. Because I hate my life and will do anything to escape it.” She paused and looked Baruff directly in the eyes. “Because I crave power and I will get it.”
Baruff finally understood what Anwen was talking about. He knew exactly how she felt. He wanted power, he dreamed about escape from his pathetic life and he felt sure he was meant for more. He nodded slowly and uttered, “I will help you.”
It was from that moment on that Baruff became fully committed to assisting Anwen with fulfilling her fantasies. For eight years, he followed her without question. To everyone else who met her, Anwen was a beautiful, quiet woman who had caused her husband to fall madly in love with her and she with him. However, Baruff was the only one who knew the truth. Anwen was wicked at heart. She had no loyalty, but to herself. When disappointed or angered, she was a mastermind at finding ways for revenge without anyone knowing who was behind it.

It was during his years of service that Baruff fell in love with Anwen. He vowed to do anything to please her, including killing her husband. 
Anwen’s thirst for power was never-ending. She proved to be a quick study and a powerful wizard. She got so powerful that she was able to start using spells on the Bowen. He never even suspected her of practicing magic. 
Baruff wasn’t sure why Anwen wanted her husband killed, but the Bowen wouldn’t be the first person he had killed for her and he didn't question her. She had assured him the Bowen would be rendered unconscious so the assassination would be easy.
Anwen’s husband was murdered in his sleep. She played the grieving widow so well the king sent her multiple gifts to help her forget her loss. Again, Baruff was the only one who knew how Anwen truly felt. She was not grieving or upset. In fact, she celebrated the death of the Bowen. She once shared with Baruff that she had never even loved her husband and that she only married him for his power and stature. She wanted the prestige that came with marrying such a formidable man. 
With Anwen being a widow, Baruff began dreaming about the possibility that she would fall in love with him. He reasoned with himself that it would be a perfect match. They were so similar and already knew each other’s darkest secrets. In an effort to impress Anwen, Baruff would go out of his way to please her. He would take it upon himself to solve any problems or issues that came up even before she knew about them. It was his goal to become vital and irreplaceable to the woman he loved. 
In the end though, it hadn’t mattered how hard Baruff worked. Anwen was too self-centered to notice Baruff until she needed him. She only saw him as a lackey and used him however she desired. 

Chapter Fifteen

It was close to a month after the Bowen’s death that Anwen called Baruff to her private quarters in her newly attained manor. It wasn’t like Anwen to invite Baruff to her home. She usually kept him away to ensure that no one would suspect he worked for her. Baruff could only remember one other time when Anwen had asked him over. She had a task for him that she considered an emergency and it couldn’t wait until she came into town. Their usual meeting spot was located in the small town of Deeridge, which was about seven miles from Ravenwood. 
Baruff would be lying if he didn't admit to himself that he was eager for this visit with Anwen. In his daydreaming, he thought that perhaps she was wanting more from him than just a working relationship, that perhaps she was feeling something more for him. He couldn’t have been more disappointed by the truth. 
While sitting on the overstuffed settee in Anwen’s bedroom, she confessed to Baruff that she was three months pregnant. It was because of the baby that she had the Bowen murdered. She knew with two very powerful parents, the child would be highly gifted. Anwen refused to accept the idea that the child would be trained and molded by the Bowen, that she would play nothing more in the child’s life than its mother. She could not lose the opportunity to use her child to help achieve her goals. 
Baruff was crushed by the reality of what he was being told. He felt stupid for having his little daydreams. Among the mixture of anger and disappointment, he also felt sorry for the young child. He finally realized Anwen was incapable of love. Her lust for power and need for wealth were all she had time to be concerned with. The baby she carried would only be another tool for her to use. 
As much as Baruff wanted to turn his back and quit working for Anwen, he knew that he still loved her and always would. Even if she didn't love or care for him, she did need him to do her dirty tasks. He made up his mind that he would stay and continue to work for Anwen. 
For the rest of the meeting, Baruff listened as Anwen explained what it was she needed from him now. She wanted his help in raising the baby. She didn't feel she would have the time to continue practicing magic and also raise a child. 
Some of Baruff’s anger diminished when Anwen shared that she wished him to see to the child’s training and education because he was the only person she trusted. Babysitting was not a skill Baruff had ever attempted. He really didn't know anything about children. He questioned Anwen’s decision, but she refused to change her mind. Baruff would be the caretaker, teacher and trainer for Anwen’s young child. 

Standing in the center of Ravenwood before the imposing Bruce Hall, Baruff was still lost in his memories of the past when Gavin asked, “How tall is it?”
Confusion registered on Baruff’s face when he glanced from the front steps of the hall to the boy beside him. “What did you just ask?”
Gavin repeated his question, but his companion didn't seem to be in a sharing mood. Baruff simply said, “Tall enough.” And then he started up the steps. 
For the next couple of hours, Baruff gave Gavin the grand tour. He shared the history of the building and the rules one must follow if they chose to live there. He showed Gavin the different ballrooms, the throne room and libraries. Towards the end of the tour, Gavin was willing to bet he had walked close to five miles. Bruce Hall was larger and more spacious than he had originally thought. 
Gavin recalled Baruff saying many of the realms’ most powerful wizards lived in Bruce Hall. He had hoped to meet some of them, but during the tour, Baruff never took the time to introduce any of the inhabitants of the building, which didn't really matter anyway. Every time they came upon someone, they would see Gavin and turn away. Some would even glare before they turned their backs. A feeling of unease settled over Gavin. He desperately wanted to return to the cruise ship and to his family. But Baruff insisted they eat dinner before returning to Gwendor. They were served in a small room across from the larger dining hall. Gavin found the meal was less than satisfying, but Baruff ate the stew with gusto. 
Baruff wasn’t very talkative once they left Bruce Hall. He walked purposefully back through Ravenwood. He stopped once they reached the last farm on the outskirts. It was already dark and Gavin guessed it was probably close to ten o’clock at night. He believed Baruff was able to use magic to blind his family to the fact he was gone, but now he only wanted to see his family. He would even be happy to see Alec. 
He couldn’t hide the relief on his face when Baruff whispered, “It’s time we head back. I believe you now understand the reality of who and what you are. It is important that you trust me and that we start your training soon.”
Gavin didn't want to consider what Baruff’s idea of training would entail. He could tell Baruff was eager to begin, but all he wanted was to return to the world he knew. 
Baruff gripped Gavin’s shoulder without allowing him time to prepare for the sickening feeling that he knew was coming. Before he could utter a single word, Gavin was back in the library upon the cruise ship. 
“I’ll leave you for now, but will contact you soon. Stay safe, My Lord,” Baruff said in a mocking tone. 
With those parting words, Baruff disappeared between the shelves of books. Gavin looked around at the familiar library. It was welcoming and the fireplace gave off a warm glow. He returned to his original chair. The fear that had settled like a dozen rocks in his stomach when Baruff first appeared was finally lifting. Just that morning, his life had made sense. He was part of an amazing family. He was just a normal teenager. But now as much as he wanted to dismiss the last few hours, he couldn’t forget what Baruff had shown him. 
Worry crept into Gavin’s mind like a heavy fog, blocking out any other feelings. Did Baruff lift the spell on his family before he left? Would his family remember him? If he had to, how would he get ahold of Baruff? No longer able to sit alone with his nagging thoughts, Gavin went in search of his loved ones.
He found Alec watching TV in their cabin. Gavin wasn’t given the chance to speculate on whether or not he was still forgotten. Alec gave him the nod and asked, “Hey, Dude, where’ve you been?”
“I’ve been around. How was zip-lining?” he asked, relief filling him as he once again felt somewhat like his old self. 
With a roll of his eyes, Alec responded, “Aww…it was a terrible idea. The wait was forever and then the zip-line only lasted like 30 seconds. I have been sitting here all night waiting for someone to come back. I called Dad. He said he, Mom, Aunt Ina and Uncle Glen are altogether and won’t be back for a while. I heard music in the background. I bet they are at the bar, listening to that lounge singer.” With a wave of his hand, Alec gestured toward the nightstand that had an advertisement showing a male singer on stage. The advertisement indicated the location and times to see that particular act. 
Leaning against the cabin wall, Gavin considered the ability of the entertainer and decided it was one performance he didn't want to see. “Well let’s hope they are at least having fun,” Gavin said with a shrug of his shoulders.
“I doubt it, but it isn’t me so I don’t care!” Alec  muted the TV and rolled toward the end of the bed. “Hey, Bro, you know, I tried calling you too! I called like a hundred times and you never answered. What’s up with that?”
Confusion clouded Gavin’s mind. He thought his family was supposed to be under the influence of a spell. They weren’t supposed to remember him. If that were true, then how was Alec able to call him? He pulled his cell phone from his front pocket. He noticed he had two missed calls. Both were from Alec about fifteen minutes ago. 
Rolling his eyes as he returned his phone to his jean pocket, Gavin sighed, “Seriously, Alec? A hundred times? You called twice and it wasn’t that long ago. I happened to be down in the library.”
“This ship has a library? Wow! Where did they hide it?” Alec paused, a smirk plastered on his face. “And why were you there? You don’t read!”
Gavin couldn’t seem to quit rolling his eyes at everything that came out of Alec’s mouth. His brother had a talent for overemphasizing a topic. “Of course the ship has a library. It is at the tail end of the ship, past the arcade and stuff.”
“Oh okay. And what were you doing there?”
“Geez, Alec! It’s a library. I was reading!”
“Yeah right! You were probably taking a nap. You can’t fool me! I’m your brother, remember?”
Gavin wasn’t about to admit to Alec that he was in fact partly correct. He hadn’t been reading while he was in the library. He wasn’t really ever given the chance though. Baruff had come and interrupted him before he could even pick out something to read. Instead of arguing with Alec any further, Gavin crossed the room and flopped down in a chair, turning toward the TV. “What’cha watching?” he asked, trying to change the subject.
“There’s nothing on. I’ve just been flipping through channels.” Alec tossed the remote at Gavin, who caught it one-handed. The younger brother stood and stretched out his muscles. “Gavin, I’m bored. Entertain me!”
Clicking through several of the channels on TV, Gavin answered, “Entertain yourself! If you’re bored, maybe you could start packing. I see you still have your stuff everywhere.” 
“Mom said we would have time to pack in the morning and besides, I don’t want to pack on our last night!” Alec pouted, flinging himself down on the already messy bed.
Gavin was quiet for a few moments and Alec was smart enough to refrain from saying anything further. Instead, he stood and started to walk aimlessly around the cabin. He stopped when Gavin finally spoke, “Well, it’s our last night too so I guess we can celebrate like our parents are! What do you say we go get some dinner and hit up the sports rec or the arcade?” 
Relief and excitement expressed clearly on his face, Alec yelled, “Heck yeah! Let’s go.”
The last night on the cruise ship was undoubtedly everyone’s favorite. By the following evening, they were all back home.

Chapter Sixteen

Nessie spent the first few weeks of break in her garden, but she eventually made up her mind that getting a summer job would be the smart move since she needed to start saving for college. Luckily, Rose was looking for a part-time employee at her floral shop. Summers were always a busy time for the shop, mainly because all the young brides in the area chose the warm months to get married. Rose already had three weddings to prepare for throughout the summer. 
Nessie loved the days she spent working in the floral shop. Rose took the time to teach her the many different facets of floral design and Nessie was catching on quickly. It didn't take long before Rose was comfortable enough trusting Nessie and allowing her to run the shop alone. She was even going to one of the weddings to help set-up the flower bouquets and arrange the designs. 
By mid-summer, Nessie was certain she had found another possible career choice. She enjoyed the time working with her hands and creating new designs. She didn't even mind working the front counter and meeting customers. It gave her a chance to see the other side of the business. 
Some nights, Nessie would spend time researching different colleges that offered majors in horticulture, floriculture or even landscape design. She was certain that she had found an area of work she would enjoy and do well in. For once, she was excited about her future, but she hesitated to share her news with her parents. She wanted to keep it a secret for a while longer. 

Late one Thursday afternoon, Nessie was working the front counter in Rose’s Emerald Isle Floral Shop when she heard the bell over the front door ring, signaling a customer. She put down the book she had been reading. She often brought a book to work in case there was a slow period and she didn't have much to do. Standing up from her chair, she turned around to greet the customer. 
“Good Afternoon. How can I help…” Nessie’s words trailed off. She was surprised to see Gavin Blackwood. 
He stood in the middle of the flower shop with his hands in his pockets, looking completely lost. “Uh, hello Nessie. I didn't know you were working here.”
Attempting a weak smile, Nessie explained, “I started this summer. I needed to get a start on saving for college. Can I help you with something?”
Walking into a flower shop wasn’t something Gavin normally did. In fact, he’d never been in a flower shop before. It just wasn’t a task he’d ever had to do. So the sense of unease was reasonable, but the nervous panic when he saw Nessie was completely unjustified. The two hadn’t spoken to each other since he’d confided in her about his dream. Questions flooded his mind. Would she ask if he was still having the dream? Should he tell her about Baruff? Should he try to explain his past to her? Would she believe him? Did he even believe it fully?
After several tense moments of staring at her, Gavin finally answered, “My mom’s birthday is tomorrow. I was hoping to send her some flowers.”
Nessie also felt some nervousness at seeing Gavin, but it had little to do with their last meeting. He confused her and because of this, she didn't know how to react to him. She considered asking him if he was still having his recurring dream, but quickly dismissed the idea, knowing it would have been rude and intrusive. Instead she decided to get down to business.
Taking a deep breath, Nessie pushed her nerves to the side and said, “You came to the right place for flowers. Do you know what kind you would like to purchase?”
“Well no, not really. I was hoping for one of those,” Gavin stated as he pointed to a floral fridges where several of Nessie’s pre-made flower arrangements and bouquets were displayed. 
Nessie was pleased that her arrangements had caught his eye. She walked over to the fridge and asked, “Okay. Is there one in the fridge you like best? Or would you like for me to make an arrangement for you?”
Moving closer, Gavin took a minute to consider the arrangements and finally cleared his throat before answering, “I know my mom likes daisies, but I don’t really see too many of them in the fridge. Would it be alright if I asked you to make one?”
With a kind smile, Nessie said, “Of course I can make one. I love any excuse to design an arrangement. Do you have a price limit?” 
Returning her smile, Gavin replied, “Well I would like to keep it under forty dollars if possible.”
“That is easily doable.” Returning to the counter, she pulled out a pen and ticket pad and started to write down his order. “So you want daisies. Will you want any other flowers included?” 
Gavin’s frown showed his confusion. “I’m not sure. What do you suggest?”
“Well we just got in these really beautiful Gerbera daisies,” Nessie shared as she came around the counter once again. She walked over to a second fridge along the opposite wall and pulled out a container that was filled with the most vibrant and stunning daisies Gavin had ever seen. The flowers were large and came in many different colors. Nessie set the container down on the floor and pulled a few flowers out for a closer inspection. “Do you think your mom would like these?”
Nodding, Gavin reached out to feel the petals on a bright yellow bud. “She would love them. What did you say they were called?”
Returning the flowers to the container, Nessie answered, “These are Gerbera daisies. They are a pretty popular flower. I can do an arrangement with just these and a little foliage to enhance the design. What do you think? You wanna use these?”
Finally feeling somewhat in control, Gavin responded, “Yeah, let’s go with these. Can you put them in a vase?”
Pointing, Nessie directed Gavin to a row of shelves on the back wall. “I sure can. Head over there and pick one out.”
Nessie deposited the container with the Gerbera daisies onto the counter before joining Gavin at the shelf where various vases were displayed. She picked up a medium-sized clear vase. “This one is nice and the opening is wide enough to hold the thick flowers and stems, plus it isn’t too expensive.”
Gavin considered the vase before sharing a genuine smile. “It’s great. Do you all deliver also?”
Nessie was taken back by the perfection of his smile. She struggled to focus long enough to answer him. “We do…and when I say ‘We do’, I mean Rose does. She is the owner and does all the deliveries for the shop. In fact, she is out making deliveries right now. You would want it delivered tomorrow on her birthday, right?”
“Yeah! That would be awesome.” Gavin’s face showed his relief and satisfaction at having made his decision.
Nessie was pleased with herself for having filled yet another order and to none other than Gavin Blackwood. “Alright, let’s ring you up,” she said as she directed them back to the front counter.
Nessie took several moments to write down and tally Gavin’s order. “The cost of the arrangement plus delivery comes to a total of $36.74. And I am going to need the address to where you would like the flowers delivered. Also, you can select a card and fill it out if you want.” She indicated a turn-able card rack sitting to the side of the countertop. Gavin inspected the different cards as he reached for his wallet in his back pocket. He settled on a pink card that simply said Happy Birthday as he counted out the money. Nessie handed him a pen as he turned over the cash to her.
Gavin wrote a simple note on the card, put it into an envelope and slid it across the counter toward Nessie. She counted out his change and deposited it into the palm of his outstretched hand. 
Gavin pocketed the cash and turned to leave. “Okay. Thanks for your help.”
“Wait!” Nessie cried. She hadn’t meant to shout out her demand. He hadn’t even gotten that far, but she had for some reason felt the need to make him momentarily deaf. She could feel her face turn red and the embarrassment made her start to stumble over her words. “Umm, you can’t…I need…” Looking at his utterly confused face was not helping so Nessie looked directly at the grey counter and shuffled from one foot to the other. She nervously tucked a lock of hair behind her ear as she finally spat out, “I mean…I need an address so the flowers can be delivered tomorrow.”
“Oh, right! Sorry. I forgot about that,” Gavin said with a lopsided grin. “My mom works at the public library. I’m not sure of the exact address, but it’s on Edinburgh Street down from the courthouse.”
Nodding, Nessie felt some of her embarrassment lift. “I know where it is. I should have known that was where you wanted the flowers delivered. Your mom was always nice when I was in the library. She even let me stay past closing a couple of times.”
“Why would you want to stay late in a library?” Gavin laughed.
Hearing Gavin’s laugh eased the rest of the anxiety Nessie had been feeling. She smiled before answering, “Well I had schoolwork and the only place I could do it was at the library.”
“Ah, I see.” With a nod of understanding, Gavin continued, “Since you were there for school, my mom would have probably let you stay all night. She takes academics pretty serious.”
Resting her arms on the counter and leaning forward, Nessie agreed, “That makes sense. She is a librarian after all.” 
“True.” An awkward silence descended between the two; Gavin wishing he could open up to her and Nessie unsure what she could say that would make him stay longer. Shoving his hands into his front pockets, Gavin finally uttered, “Well thanks for your help. I’ll see you later.”
Nessie smiled one last time before replying, “Yeah, see ya later.”
As the door swung closed and Nessie was once again alone, she considered returning to her book, but instead decided to complete the flower arrangement for Gavin’s mother. She spent close to an hour on positioning the Gerbera daisies into a beautiful arrangement. She was just finishing up when Rose returned from her deliveries. 
Rose entered from the back door of the shop and walked through to the front room. “Hey, sorry I was gone so long. I stopped for lunch and ended up talking with Blair Duff. Your mom and I graduated with her. She is working as a waitress at the café. We got to talking and catching up.” Rose sat her purse on the end of the counter. She reached in the giant yellow bag and pulled out a to-go container. “I brought you a slice of cream pie. How did things go here? What’s that you’re working on?” She waved with one hand to the Gerbera daisies while she handed the food container to Nessie with the other. 
“We had one customer come in while you were gone. It’s a delivery for tomorrow.” 
With a roll of her eyes, Rose exclaimed, “Oh goody! I just love doing deliveries. Who’s the customer?” 
Focusing intently on her work, Nessie refused to look at Rose as she answered, “Gavin Blackwood.”
“Gavin…isn’t he in your grade?”
Nessie knew she had no reason to feel flustered by Rose’s questions, but she could still feel the heat of embarrassment creep up the back of her neck. “Yeah,” she choked out.
“I wonder why he’s buying flowers? Does he have a girlfriend? Isn’t he the kid that passed out at school? Your mom was telling me about that.” Rose fired off questions without pausing. 
Nessie waited for Rose to finish before answering. “The flowers are for his mom’s birthday tomorrow. And yeah, he has a heart murmur that caused him to pass out while he was in gym class.” 
Rose leaned forward, resting her elbows on the counter with her head in her hands. She smiled sweetly while starring off into space. “Aww…what a good son. Buying his mom flowers. Boyd could take some lessons from that boy.”
Nessie shook her head. “Rose, Boyd is a great. It’s Aggie you have to watch out for!”
In a gesture of disregard, Rose stood and tossed her hair over her shoulder. Nessie thought her employer looked just like a defiant teenager in that moment. Rose didn't look her age. Kenna often said how unfair it was that her friend looked so much younger than she did. 
Rose was tall with an athletic build and fair complexion. She hardly ever wore make-up. Her brunette hair fell in beautiful waves down her back. Her daughter was like a miniature version of her. Boyd clearly got his looks from his father. His blonde hair and olive skin were traits that Mike had passed down to his son. It wasn’t too long after Mike had disappeared that Nessie heard Rose say it was hard to look at Boyd and not be reminded of his abandonment. For Boyd’s sake, Nessie truly hoped that since then Rose had been able to see past her son’s looks and see him for the great little kid he was. 
Pulling Nessie back into their conversation, Rose said, “Of course, Boyd is great! He takes after me. Aggie takes after my dad…he was always a pill.” 
Rising one eyebrow in a questioning manner, Nessie said, “Oh…so it was from your dad that you got your friendly personality?”
“I don’t take after my dad…Aggie does. I am a perfect angel!” Rose exclaimed with her hands positioned defiantly on her hips. 
Done teasing Rose, Nessie moved on to business. “This arrangement will need to be delivered tomorrow at the library.”
Rose retrieved her purse and headed toward her back office. “Okay. Is it the only delivery?”
Nessie grabbed the small waste can from under the counter and wiped the trimmed stem ends into the trash. “So far it is.”
Without looking back, Rose announced, “In that case, I may just have you deliver it. I plan paying bills tomorrow.”
It was Nessie’s turn to roll her eyes. “I still can’t believe you take an entire day to pay bills.” 
“Well, of course, I have to. I also have to balance the books and make orders for the coming month. It is a huge job. You should feel lucky I haven’t decided to make you do it.” And with her final excuses, Rose closed the door to her small office, ending the conversation. 
Nessie figured she should feel lucky, but instead concluded that Rose was just using this as an excuse to get out of the deliveries. 
Before returning to put the finishing touches on the arrangement, she whispered, “Whatever you say, Boss.”

Chapter Seventeen

Nessie arrived on time to work the following day. Rose had already opened up the shop and was on the phone when Nessie walked in.
“Alright, Sir. We will get that delivered today. Thank you for your order. You have a good day.” Rose sighed as she put the phone down. “That is the third order we have had this morning and it isn’t even nine yet. There is a viewing at Craig’s Funeral Home today. People wait till the last minute to order flowers for these things.”
Nessie knew Rose wasn’t being disrespectful. Sometimes, she just became overwhelmed, hence the need for help. “I will get started on the orders now and you go get started on those bills. I can handle the phone and front counter.”
Rose didn't even argue with Nessie. She just turned and left for her back office out of view from the main show room. By noon, Nessie had finished the three arrangements plus the two more phone orders that came in. She filled out the sympathy cards and posted them in the arrangements. 
She decided she had more than enough orders to make the delivery so she went to check on Rose. The office door was open so she knocked on the doorframe, taking Rose’s attention away from her work. “Hey, I am going to run the five orders over to the funeral home and deliver Gavin’s to his mom at the library. Will you be okay here?”
“Yeah, I can handle things here. Be careful and drive slow!” Rose said quickly before dismissing Nessie and returning to the paperwork before her. Nessie knew not to bother her once she got into calculating mode. Rose’s strong point was not numbers and she didn't need the distraction. 
Nessie had just made it back to the show room when she felt Rose embrace her from behind in a tight hug. “Hey, thanks for your help this morning. I am really glad you are here.”
To most people, Rose usually came off as an unyielding, tough woman. But she hadn’t always been this way. Kenna would sometimes share stories of when Rose was a carefree, cheerful person, but that changed when she was deserted with two young children and no job. 
To Nessie though, Rose was almost like an older sister at times and at times a second mother. Rose never turned her stern side on Nessie. She loved Nessie as much as one of her own kids and Nessie always cherished that relationship. 
“No worries, Rose. What are godchildren for if not to help you in your floral shop?” Nessie replied. 
Laughing, Rose joked, “Well they also help with babysitting!”
“Oh yes, we can’t forget about that. I gotta get going. I will be back in a bit.”
“Okay. Remember, drive slow!”
It took her fifteen minutes to load her car and organize the arrangements so they would not fall over. She delivered to Craig’s Funeral Home first. The funeral director and his wife, Glen and Edna Craig, helped carry the flowers inside and display them in the viewing room. Nessie was grateful the casket wasn’t open yet. Seeing a lifeless body usually caused Nessie to feel deeply saddened and vulnerable. 
She left the funeral home and arrived at the library ten minutes later. She parked in the back lot and walked around to the front entrance, carrying the brightly colored arrangement. She was careful walking up the fifteen steps that led to the huge oak, double doors. Balancing the Gerbera daisies with one arm, she attempted to open one of the doors, discovering, however, that it wouldn’t budge. She tried the other door, but had no luck again. Nessie couldn’t fathom why the library would be closed. She saw cars in the parking lot and she didn't read about a private function on the marquee indicting the building was closed to the public.  
She made one last attempt on the doors before making the trek back to her car. She’d made it down several steps before she heard the lock click open on the library doors. Hurrying to the top once again, she reached for the door just as it started to open. She didn't have time to get out of the way before an unusually dressed stranger plowed into her. The arrangement crashed to the ground, busting the vase into pieces. 
Nessie stared down at the once beautiful flowers. Shock and embarrassment prevented her from moving. Her eyes slowly drifted up to the person who remained standing before her. Instead of looking remorseful, the stranger actually looked irritated and slightly annoyed. Nessie watched as the aggravated expression slowly left the man’s face, only to be replaced with a burning anger. 
When he spoke, it sent shivers down her back. “I suggest you watch where you are going.” The man’s voice was gruff and menacing. His glaring eyes were tiny slits that bored into Nessie, making her feel small and insignificant. 
With her mouth agape, she fumbled for the words to apologize. “I…I’m sorry. I was trying to get inside, but the doors were locked.”
Spit dripped from the side of his mouth as he snarled, “The doors were locked to keep people like you out.” 
Stunned by the harshness in his words, Nessie could feel tears well in her eyes. Couldn’t he see she was sincere in her apology? Surely he didn't think she ran into him on purpose. Couldn’t he see it was an accident? 
Clearly fed up with the incident, the stranger barked causing Nessie to jump, “Oh, just get out of my way, you fool.” As he spoke he used one arm to clear Nessie out of his path and march down the stairs. 
It took several minutes for Nessie to recover from the man’s cruel words. She watched as he walked down the street and out of sight. She stared down at the flower arrangement she had worked so hard on. In a daze, Nessie knelt and picked up a few of the large pieces from the once beautiful glass vase.
She choked back several small sobs, but as much as she tried, she couldn’t stop the tears from flowing down her cheeks. She gathered most of the glass carefully in her hands and walked inside the library. She found the little wastebasket that always sat right inside the doors. Returning to the ruined flower arrangement, Nessie brought the wastebasket with her. As she cleared the rest of the vase from the top step, she realized she would have to rush back to the floral shop and recreate the arrangement. She checked the time on her wristwatch. The library closed at five o’clock, which meant she had three hours to make it back. She returned the wastebasket to its original spot before gathering the flowers and Gavin’s card and heading for her car. 

Nessie arrived at the Emerald Isle Floral Shop in record time. She deeply hoped that there would not be any more orders waiting for her. With each passing minute she became more nervous that somehow she would fail to complete Gavin’s order. She didn't relish the idea of having to call him and inform him that he was entitled to a refund. 
Rose was so enthralled with her bookkeeping and bills she didn't bother acknowledging Nessie as she walked past the office door. Luckily, there were no other orders for Nessie to complete and deliver. 
Within an hour, Nessie had designed a second Gerbera daisy arrangement and was once again on her way to the library. This time, she had no trouble entering through the oak doors. She found Ally Blackwood working at the front desk. 
With her back to the counter, Mrs. Blackwood was busy cataloging books in the computer and didn't realize she had a guest until Nessie quietly whispered, “Excuse me, Mrs. Blackwood.” 
“One second! Just about done,” Ally drawled out happily as she finished typing. 
Nessie did her best to wait patiently while holding the vase. She desperately wanted to hand the flowers over and be done with this particular order. She took the time to survey the library. She hadn’t had a reason to visit the old building since doing homework at home became easier. Nessie was relieved to find that the stranger from earlier wasn’t anywhere in sight
“Alright…what can I help you with?” Mrs. Blackwood said cheerfully. As she spun around in her swivel chair, Ally finally took a good look at who was standing on the other side of the counter. “Oh well, Nessie, it’s you! It has been so long since I’ve seen you. What are you doing here during the summer?”
Smiling, Nessie replied, “I know. It’s good to see you. I’m actually here to deliver these flowers.”
The head librarian could barely contain her excitement. Her smile spread across her face and she slyly said, “Oh really? And who would you be delivering them to?”
Nessie had always enjoyed her conversations with the older woman. Ally Blackwood had a way of putting people at ease. Laughing as she watched the silly expression on Ally’s face, Nessie responded, “They are for you, of course! Happy Birthday, Mrs. Blackwood!” She sat the vase on the counter and slid it toward the other side. 
Ally Blackwood didn't waste any time in reaching for the card. Nessie wasn’t sure what Gavin had written on it, but thought it had to be something sweet because tears formed in Ally’s eyes. Feeling like she was intruding on a private moment, Nessie quickly said, “It was good to see you.” And then she turned and headed for the exit. She made it down the front steps when she heard someone call her name. She turned to discover Ally Blackwood standing on the top step, waving frantically for Nessie to stop. 
Even though she was on the sidewalk, Nessie could still see the tears upon the woman’s face. Concern promoted her to ask, “Is something wrong, Mrs. Blackwood?” 
Shaking her head as she wiped the tears from her cheek, Ally said, “I just wanted to say thank you. I didn't know you were working at the floral shop.”
Nessie smiled at the older woman’s bizarre reaction to receiving flowers. “I started working at the beginning of this summer. It’s a good job. Are you sure everything is okay?” 
Leaning against the door, Ally stared off into the distance, smiling fondly. “Yes, I’m fine. I just really love the flowers. Again, thank you!”
“You’re welcome, but honestly, it was Gavin who did it. He picked the flowers and vase out. But I am glad you like them.” Nessie didn't feel right taking all the credit. After all, it was Gavin’s idea and he had chosen the flowers and paid for them. 
Without another word, Ally simply nodded and waved goodbye. Nessie returned to the floral shop to find Rose once again on the phone with a customer. Nessie threw herself back into work, but try as she might, she couldn’t forget about the incident with the stranger on the library steps. 
She had an uneasy feeling that the man was dangerous and she should avoid him at all costs.

Chapter Nineteen

Baruff wasted little time in tracking Gavin down after returning from the cruise. Two weeks after their meeting on the ship, Baruff found his young pupil home alone, playing in the backyard with a large, energetic dog. Most people would have approached the duo with some inkling of apprehension, but Baruff didn't pause as he sauntered through the tall wooden gate into the expansive backyard. 
He still didn't slow his pace or turn around when the dog finally spotted him. Cailean reacted threateningly to discovering a peculiarly dressed stranger in his domain. He charged toward the intruder, the scruff on his neck standing on end and his teeth bared. Gavin called for his dog to stop his attack, but the old Husky refused to listen. Even though a vicious beast was boring down on him, Baruff appeared unafraid. With the dog just a few feet away, Baruff waved a hand in the canine’s direction. Cailean’s behavior changed instantly. He calmly sat down on his hind legs, his tail wagged excitedly and his tongue lolled out on the side of his mouth.  
Gavin couldn’t believe what he was witnessing. The dog had only displayed this reaction to one other person and that happened to be Gavin. Needless to say, Gavin felt jealous that his dog would show some delight over meeting a complete stranger. He refused to be angry with Cailean. He understood it was Baruff who deserved his resentment.
Baruff didn't pause to greet the dog. He marched farther into the yard toward the younger man. Gavin had been expecting an unannounced visit from the strange man, but not at his house. His anger grew as Baruff drew closer. Without uttering a hello or even an acknowledgement, Baruff began to slowly walk circles around Gavin as if inspecting him. After a few minutes of awkward silence, Gavin started to feel self-conscious. He started to wonder why exactly Baruff had come. Was this to be his first lesson? If so, was he failing already? Or was Baruff simply trying to intimidate him?
Finally, Baruff broke the silence. He spoke in a soft, deep voice. “To some, magic is a way of life. For others, it is simply a tool used to help make life easier. No matter what your opinion on this matter, you happen to be one of the most powerful beings alive. I will train you to access and harness your powers. I will teach you about powers beyond any human being’s control and also about the magical beings that exist in the different realms. You will have to learn quickly,” Baruff said as he continued his slow circular path around Gavin. “We only have a short time before your powers begin to develop. Until then, you will learn of the great wizards that came before you. You will learn to identify the creatures hailing from each realm. You will also develop your knowledge of spells.” 
He ended his little speech by stopping directly in front of his young apprentice. With a sly grin, he asked, “Shall we get started?”

For next three hours Gavin listened to Baruff describe in detail the magical beings that lived in Luden, the dangerous creatures of Belsure and several of the more famous wizards throughout time. Gavin was rarely given the opportunity to ask questions. Baruff seemed intent on getting through the lesson and refused to allow any sort of interruption. Never once did he pause to inquire if Gavin was fully comprehending what he was explaining. 
Needless to say, Gavin was lost for a majority of the lesson. He was intrigued when Baruff talked about the existence of elves and fairies. He was much less interested when his teacher started his discussion on long-ago deceased wizards. Gavin realized Baruff talked a great deal about Gornon, the wizard from Rognic. He assumed that Gornon was some sort of role model for Baruff. Gavin still hadn’t made up his mind whether Gornon was as great as Baruff made him seem. Baruff spoke about how Gornon had conquered towns and laid waste to fields, he destroyed armies and killed anyone that opposed him. He did all this in order to achieve his dream of uniting all five realms, but Gavin had a hard time convincing himself the wizard’s ultimate goal outweighed the evil of his actions.
Gavin was relieved when he heard his mother’s car pull up in the drive. The annoyance of being interrupted was written clearly on Baruff’s face. “We will have to end our lesson for now. Meet me here tomorrow at the same time. We will continue with your education,” Baruff huffed.
Gavin nodded in agreement. He knew he had little choice in the matter. If he refused to show up for his training, Baruff would simply track him down, which might actually make the whole situation worse. What would people say when they saw him associating with this incredibly bizarre man? A shudder went through him as he considered the rumors that would run rampant if people ever connected the two of them. Gavin had made the conscious decision to keep his past life and newly acquainted tutor a complete secret from everyone, especially his family. Meeting at his house was perfect for now since both his parents worked and Alec was usually out with his friends. 
He watched Baruff walk briskly out of the backyard. Envy, again, over took him when he noticed Cailean trotting happily after Baruff. In his frustration, he shouted out in an annoyed tone, “Hey, don’t let my dog out.”
Baruff glanced over his shoulder and grinned. He hadn’t realized the dog was following him. He simply flicked his wrist without breaking his stride. Cailean immediately stopped in mid-stride and sat down on his haunches. He turned his head to look at Gavin and back to Baruff’s retreating figure. It was easy to the see the dog was confused, but Gavin knew exactly what had happened. A rush of relief replaced his jealousy. His dog had not chosen a new favorite. Instead Baruff had used magic to control Cailean. He called out to his dog and the two friends went inside to greet Ally. 

Chapter Twenty

Gavin’s life became a blur. He was constantly meeting with Baruff for lessons. His mentor still refused to call him Gavin and it was for this reason he was actually getting used to being called Cadeyrn. The history lessons had progressed into lessons about spells. He recalled how Baruff had once said spells were more science than magic and he now understood and believed that completely. Gavin struggled with learning spells and the incantations. Often, Baruff would lose his patience, which made the lessons even more frustrating. 
The two would usually meet at Gavin’s house, but on several occasions, when Alec was home, they would have to meet at the abandoned house on Glasgow Street. There was little chance of them being discovered since the house was at the end of the street next to a stream that ran parallel to the town. 
It was during these lessons Gavin would attempt to seek out details about his past, but Baruff had a talent for evading certain topics. On occasion, he would share a story or two about some of Gavin’s triumphs and would even go into detail on many of the battles Gavin had won. Gavin wasn’t interested in the battles he fought or the great successes he had accomplished. He wanted to know more about the kind of person he had once been. His future was still unclear to him and the uncertainty made him apprehensive. Questions plagued him, but he knew better than to ask Baruff. 
Every night he wondered what exactly Baruff was preparing him for. He recalled Baruff once talking about taking on some sort of challenge, but Gavin couldn’t fathom what the challenge would be. Apparently, he was so powerful, he could actually conquer kingdoms. Is this what he was expected to do again? Was he allowed to refuse? If he had been so powerful, would he be able to resist Baruff? 
 Most times his thoughts would turn towards the person Baruff referred to as Anwen, his supposed mother and yet he could not recall ever meeting or knowing her. He didn't consider her his mother. He still viewed Ally as the woman who birthed and cared for him. Gavin didn't see how that could ever change. He shared this opinion with Baruff once when Anwen was mentioned. Baruff became so irate that he ended the lesson after yelling at Gavin for being disloyal and cold-hearted.   
Gavin was slowly learning there were just some topics he should stay clear of when questioning Baruff. After the incident over Anwen, Baruff wasn’t very forthcoming with information. He made it a point to only discuss the lesson for that day and nothing else. Gavin’s life was dominated by lessons with Baruff until football conditioning started up again. Thankfully after months of close monitoring, the doctor finally released Gavin to play sports. 
Gavin was grateful to have something to take his mind off the fact that his life had been turned upside down. He was happy to be back among his friends and even the simple act of running made him excited. He realized this was probably as normal as he would ever feel again. 

Chapter Twenty-one

Nessie enjoyed working in Rose’s floral shop so much that she grew disheartened as school drew nearer. She didn't want to give up her summer job. When she shared this fact with her mother, Kenna suggested asking about working part-time in the shop after school. 
Luckily, Rose thought this idea was genius which allowed Nessie to no longer dread the beginning of school. In fact, she was quite excited for her senior year. She had narrowed down her college choices over the summer and was already looking into applying to her top choices. 
It was easy for Nessie to prepare for school; however, Bonnie was less inclined to have her life figured out. Nessie already had her class schedule set, but her best friend was still considering changes. She wasn’t sure what her plans were after graduation. Nessie didn't mind when Bonnie would talk incessantly about her future because she knew Bonnie was worried about it. 
One night when the girls were together at Nessie’s house, Bonnie complained, “How can you have everything figured out already? What is your secret?” 
Nessie turned in her chair at her desk and faced Bonnie who was lounging on her bed. Nessie laughed sympathetically and answered, “I don’t have it all figured out. I just know what I enjoy doing and I hope I can make a career out of it. There is no secret, Bonnie! I have told you this all before.”
“I know, but I just feel like a complete loser next to you! I mean here you are,” Bonnie gestured wildly in the air between them to emphasize her point, “with a job, a list of colleges to apply for and a career in mind. I, on the other hand, have none of that! What am I going to do?”
Nessie secretly wanted to laugh at the great performance her friend was giving. The only thing Bonnie needed was to start weeping followed by a dramatic swoon and the Oscar would be hers. Seeing it as her duty as best friend, Nessie tried to ease Bonnie’s worry. “I don’t know why you’re worried. School hasn’t even started yet!”
“Oh please! School starts in three days,” Bonnie replied with a roll of her eyes. 
“Yes, but we still have an entire year of high school!” Nessie argued as she stood and moved to join her friend on the bed. “Just think how exciting it will be!”
Bonnie refused to cheer up. She stared at the bedroom ceiling with the saddest, forlorn look gracing her delicate features. “What’s so exciting about our senior year? Once it’s over, we will hardly ever see each other again. You will go off to some college and I will be stuck here all alone!”
Quickly losing her patience with the topic, Nessie reached out and gripped Bonnie by her shoulders. She shook her friend, trying to shake some sense into her. “You will not be stuck here all alone! You are going to go to college and we will see each other whenever we come home! This year is going to be great because we are seniors. It’s our last year! You are practically guaranteed Homecoming Queen.”
After hearing Nessie’s prediction, Bonnie finally displayed some excitement. With a sly smile, Bonnie replied, “Do you think I’ll get queen?”
Lying back on to the soft, purple comforter of her bed, Nessie continued her efforts to encourage her friend. “Of course, I do! You are the most popular girl in our class. Why wouldn’t you get queen?”
Before answering Nessie’s question, Bonnie rolled onto her stomach and tucked her fists under her chin so she could look down at her friend. She gave Nessie her best puppy dog eyes and whined, “Well I don’t know. I just always wanted to be Homecoming Queen, but there are a lot of popular girls in our grade.”
Nessie finally figured out what Bonnie’s angle was. She was fishing for compliments and probably wouldn’t end her tirade until she got what she wanted. “Oh geez, Bonnie, you will get queen.”
“But how can you be so sure?”
Nessie held up a hand to count on her fingers the reasons she was sure Bonnie would win Homecoming Queen. “First, because you are so pretty. Second, because everyone loves you. Third, because you have been our class president for the last two years. Fourth, because you are awesome at all the sports you play.” Nessie smiled wickedly as she shared her final reason. “And finally, because if people don’t vote for you, I will be forced to beat them to a pulp.” With her last comment, Nessie threw a few fake punches in the air.
Nessie was finally able to make her friend laugh. Bonnie’s laugher was so contagious that Nessie joined in and soon the two girls were out of control with fits of giggles. 
Bonnie choked out through her laugher, “Just imagining you beating anyone up is enough to make me laugh. You couldn’t hurt a fly!”
Nessie developed a stitch in her side from chuckling. She did her best to get herself under control. She was finally able to respond to her friend. “Yeah, you’re right. I don’t think I could ever hurt another person like that. Guess you’re just going to have to win on your own!”
Smiling fondly, Bonnie gave her friend a quick hug. “Thanks, Nessie, for believing in me. You’re amazing!”
“Well, that’s what friends do!” Nessie said. After a few moments of silence, Nessie spoke again, “You know, this really is going to be an exciting year. I can just feel it.”
“Yeah, you are probably right.” Changing the subject, Bonnie sat up quickly, practically knocking Nessie onto the floor. “Oh gosh! I can’t believe I haven’t told you. Guess who I ran into the other day?”
Working her way back onto her half of the bed, Nessie did her best to hide her lack of enthusiasm. “I don’t know. Who did you see?”
“Reid Henderson!” Bonnie nearly shouted the boy’s name in excitement. “I had just gotten to the school for volleyball practice and he was getting ready to leave from football conditioning. He is looking good!” She emphasized her evaluation with a shake of her head and a wink of her eye. “Anyway, he stopped and talked with me a bit. He ended up asking me out.” A huge smile crossed Bonnie’s face as she finished sharing her news.
Nessie whacked her friend on her arm. “How could you have not told me about this until now? Reid has had the biggest crush on you for years. I wonder why he took so long to finally ask you out. It’s not like you have had a boyfriend.”
Seeming not to even notice her friend’s outrage, Bonnie continued to smile adoringly. “Well I think he has waited because he is shy. I actually find that kinda cute!” 
Dealing with Bonnie could be exasperating. Rolling her eyes, Nessie loudly exclaimed, “Of course you do. So what did the two of you talk about?”
Bonnie spent the next several minutes going into detail the conversation she had with Reid earlier in the week. Nessie listened and smiled over her friend’s excitement. She ended her recounting with a scheming smile, which caused Nessie to wonder what Bonnie was about to say next. 
“What is that weird look for?” Nessie inquired.
Poking Nessie lightly in the arm, Bonnie asked in a sing-song voice, “Guess who else I saw that day?”
“Geez, Bonnie, how am I supposed to know who you see every day?” Nessie said with a sigh to show her annoyance.
“Alright, fine! I will tell you.” Bonnie exclaimed. “Gavin Blackwood. He was leaving the same time as Reid.”
Nessie wasn’t sure where her friend was going with her story. She simply shrugged her shoulders and said, “So what?”
“Oh come on, Nessie! I know there was something between the two of you last year.” Bonnie argued. She nodded her head, emphasizing she knew what she was talking about. “I mean you told me he wanted to talk with you and I caught him staring at you several times. He went out of his way to be nice to you! In my book, that means he likes you.”
“You are delusional!” Nessie sighed as she leaped up off the bed. She returned to her chair at her desk and went back to her work on her computer. 
With a teasing laugh, Bonnie sang, “We’ll see! School starts in three days, remember!”

Chapter Twenty-two

School started the day after Labor Day. Teachers struggled to get their students to focus. It took close to a week for everyone to settle into the familiar routine of classes. It only took two weeks for Gavin to prove Bonnie’s hunch correct. At the beginning of the second week of school, he found Nessie sitting by herself at lunch. Instead of sitting at his usual table with his teammates, he quickly sat down with his tray across from Nessie at the long, rectangle table. 
She glanced up from the notebook she was writing in. She gave Gavin a puzzled look before setting down the pencil and the sandwich she held in her other hand. 
“Hi, Nessie,” he said with a smooth smile.
Looking around the room in utter confusion, Nessie replied quietly, “Hey, Gavin.”
Not feeling the least bit self-conscious, Gavin struck up a conversation with Nessie. They talked mostly about their summer activities. Nessie didn't feel she had much to talk about other than her job at the floral shop. She didn't mind that Gavin led most of the conversation. She found that she liked watching him. She was fond of how his deep brown hair always seemed to be a bit messy, like he had just woken up. Nessie was fascinated with how his blue eyes seemed to change hues in the light. 
Gavin was in the middle of recounting his family’s cruise trip when Bonnie swiftly sat down next to Nessie. Gavin smiled and nodded a hello as he continued his story. Nessie didn't even glance at her friend. She continued her observation of the boy across from her. Bonnie wasn’t too keen on being ignored. She elbowed Nessie in the side to gain her attention, but the only thing she received was Nessie’s elbow as pay back. 
For the rest of lunch, Bonnie watched her two classmates closely. Her observant eyes didn't miss a single smile or movement. She memorized every word of the conversation. By the time the bell rang, Bonnie was smiling wickedly from ear to ear. She continued smiling even as she walked with Nessie to their next class. 
In a sing-song voice, Bonnie said, “Well, I believe this is the part where I say, ‘I told you so!’ I was right about Gavin.”
Shaking her head determinedly, Nessie refused to agree with her friend. “No, you are just confusing things. He’s only a friend. He is friends with everyone!”
“Yes, he is, but he doesn’t sit with just any of his friends,” she emphasized the word by doing finger quotes in the air, “at lunch. He has always sat with the jocks, but not today!”
Nessie couldn’t believe what Bonnie was suggesting. It simply didn't make sense to her. For the hundredth time, she considered how completely different she was from Gavin. She reflected on how Bonnie was more suited for Gavin. What Bonnie was trying to convince her of was simply ridiculous. 
Feeling disheartened for what would never be, Nessie stared directly at the gray, polished hallway floor as she walked. Determined to end the topic, Nessie firmly whispered, “Look, Bonnie, I love you to death, but you gotta quit with this crazy theory. It just isn’t possible.”
Bonnie was outraged by her friend’s reaction to the reality of the situation. Her mind ran with questions that only enraged her further. Why was it so hard for Nessie to believe? Did she think Gavin was out of her league? Bonnie’s voice shook with anger as she spoke, “It is so possible, Nes! I know what I am talking about here. I know he likes you and I know you like him even though you haven’t told me yet. I’ve convinced myself that you have just been waiting for the right time to share that bit of news with me.” Bonnie ended her short tirade by flipping her long blonde curls over her shoulder before entering the classroom, leaving Nessie to follow her. 
Nessie wasn’t sure if Bonnie was actually upset with her or not, but she spent the next hour considering what Bonnie had said. She wasn’t ready to admit to herself, let alone anyone else, that she might like Gavin. It seemed almost cliché that she liked the quarterback, but because of Bonnie’s persistence, she could no longer deny her feelings. She actually liked Gavin Blackwood, but this was a fact that led to further torment and uncertainty.
Now that Nessie had finally admitted the truth to herself, she started to wonder if Bonnie was also right about Gavin. She did find it unusual that he sat with her at lunch and that of all the people he knew, he had chosen to share with her his recurring dream. Nessie hadn’t told anyone about the conversation she shared with Gavin that day in the school foyer, and she wondered if Gavin was still having the dream, but knew she didn't have the courage to ask something so personal. 
Nessie was still lost in her thoughts when the bell rang. Bonnie gave her a quick nudge to get her moving from her seat. Once again walking in the hallway, Nessie whispered softly, “You were right about me liking Gavin. I wasn’t keeping it a secret,” she continued with a shrug of her shoulders, “I guess I just hadn’t realized it yet.”
The delighted smile on Bonnie’s face was evident on how much she loved being right. She grabbed Nessie’s arm and squeezed tight. “I’m also right about him liking you. He’s in your next class, isn’t he?”
Nodding, but unsure why Bonnie was asking, Nessie answered, “Yeah. I have him in Calculus this period and in the mornings during third period for Government. Why?”
Leaning closer towards Nessie so they wouldn’t be overheard in the crowded hallway, Bonnie excitedly gushed, “Because I just had an idea. You should sit next him in class. Try to talk to him!”
“Nope! That isn’t gonna happen!” Nessie was frantically shaking her head. She knew she wasn’t capable of being so forward. 
Bonnie rolled her eyes heavenward as if asking for help to deal with her frustrating friend. Adjusting the strap of her one-shoulder backpack, she sighed loudly. “Look, you know I am right about this, but do whatever you want. I gotta get to class. We’ll talk after school. I don’t have volleyball practice today so I will stop by the shop so we can talk.”
Nessie nodded as her friend walked away. After entering her Calculus classroom, she realized she had beaten Gavin to class. She was filled with relief that she could now use this fact as an excuse for not sitting next to him. Bonnie probably would say it was a stupid excuse, but Nessie didn't care. She settled into her normal desk and pulled out her Calculus textbook. She hadn’t realized she had been unconsciously watching the door until Gavin arrived in class. Nessie felt somewhat embarrassed seeing him now that she had admitted she had feelings for him. In a brief moment of panic, she wondered if he would be able to see that fact when he looked at her. 
Nessie mentally told herself to get it together. She reminded herself Gavin couldn’t read minds and she just had to play it cool. She prayed she wouldn’t do or say something that would give her secret away. She was looking everywhere but at Gavin. She was focusing on the tiled floor when Gavin made his way past her desk.
“Hey, Nessie,” he said as he leaned close and smiled kindly.
“Huh? Oh, hi, Gavin,” she whispered as she looked up at him, completely perplexed. Gavin continued to a desk in the back of the room while Nessie let the humiliation sink in. She sank low into her seat, wishing she could just disappear. She wondered why it was she could not say a simple greeting without sounding like a total idiot. She had just spoken with him at lunch and yet she acted like this was the first time he had ever spoken to her. She felt she had made a complete fool of herself. She couldn’t wait for the class period to end so she could escape. 
Later at the floral shop, when retelling the encounter to Bonnie, Nessie felt utter despair. “This is all your fault, Bonnie! If you had just left things alone, I wouldn’t have embarrassed myself in front of the most popular guy in school. Thanks a lot!” she groaned. 
“Oh, quit being so pitiful. You didn't embarrass yourself. The guy said hi because he likes you and you returned his hello. It was simple. It isn’t like you fell on your face in front of him!”
Nessie leaned against the glass counter case and let out a huge sigh. “Yeah, well, it’s only a matter of time before I fall flat on my face. Anyway, after today, I don’t think I will ever be able to talk to him again.”

Chapter Twenty-three

Nessie was only able to make it three days without talking to Gavin. He didn't give her a choice in the matter. He joined Nessie and Bonnie for lunch again on Thursday and was even able to convince Nessie to agree to be his partner for their Government class project. Mrs. Carson, their US Government teacher, had given them the week to pair off into partners. Even though she was happy to finally have a partner, Nessie was both excited and anxious about partnering with Gavin. 
Picking at the cold meatloaf on her lunch tray, Nessie confessed, “I thought for sure you would already have partnered up with Reid. Don’t the two of you partner together on everything?”
“Yeah, we usually partner together, but I actually want to pass this course so I thought I better get a good partner this time,” Gavin answered with a devious grin as he reached for his water bottle. Nessie couldn’t stop her smile if she wanted to. When he shared that devilishly handsome, dimpled look with someone, they were impervious to its effects and practically forced to join in his happiness. Plus she found it amusing that he would joke about failing a class…as if that were possible!
Pretending to be outraged by Gavin’s comment, Bonnie leaned forward, glaring daggers at Gavin. “I beg your pardon, but I am offended by that insult. Reid happens to be extremely smart!”
Nessie laughed as she playfully joked, “Oh geez, Bonnie, you’ve only been on two dates with the guy.”
Sitting up straight in her chair, Bonnie looked as if she was preparing for a debate. “So? What’s your point? He’s one of the smartest kids in our class. That’s why he is in all the AP classes with us!”
Gavin actually believed Bonnie was getting upset. He rushed to ease her confusion. “I’m sorry, Bonnie. I was only joking. I didn't partner with Reid because I really wanted to work with Nessie. That’s all.”
Bonnie smiled smugly and replied, “I know. I just wanted you to admit it. That’s all.”

After that day, Bonnie became almost unbearable for Nessie to be around. Bonnie was gloating every chance she got and refused to allow Nessie to feel apprehensive. For the first time in their long friendship, Nessie was actually finding it hard to deal with her friend. 
The two friends were sitting in the living room of Bonnie’s house on a clear Saturday afternoon, avoiding doing any real work for as long as possible. Nessie was doing her best to ignore her friend. In her normal pushy attitude, Bonnie was urging her to ask Gavin on a date. “Oh come on, Nes! Why not? Women ask guys out all the time. It isn’t a big deal!”
Having to remind herself that she loved her friend, Nessie declared, “Just call me old fashioned, but I’m not asking him out.”
Leaning back on the couch and staring up at the ceiling, Bonnie argued, “Geez, Nessie, there’s no telling when he will get around to asking you! Heck, we could be graduated before that boy finally asks.” 
Exhausted with the topic and feeling a headache forming, Nessie sighed, “Can we just drop this subject? I’m over it.”
Bonnie finally realized she might have pushed her friend too far. She nodded in agreement before saying, “One last question. Did the two of you talk about when you are going to work together on your Government project?”
Giving her friend a woeful look, Nessie admitted, “No, not yet. Friday was the last day to submit partners to Mrs. Carson. She said we will have class time to work with our partners, but Gavin and I haven’t even talked about what our project will cover. I guess we will decide that on Monday.”

Chapter Twenty-four

Monday came quickly. Mrs. Carson gave her Government class the day to work with their partners. Gavin and Nessie spent the hour discussing research project ideas. Each group would be required to have different topic, which would need teacher approval. Gavin and Nessie agreed their research project and class presentation would cover US Civil Rights. They were lucky in the fact that no other group had claimed this particular topic yet. 
As class let out, Gavin rushed to follow Nessie out of the room. Struggling with the twisted straps on his backpack, he asked, “So do you wanna meet up sometime this week and get started on this project?”
Nessie was glad he posed the question. It saved her from having to ask. Relief showed clearly in her smile as she answered, “Sure. When are you free?” 
Smiling in return, Gavin fell into step beside her as they made their way down the congested hallway. His thumbs hooked onto his backpack straps causing his forearm to occasionally graze Nessie’s arm. “Well I have football practice till five-thirty tonight, but I can meet afterward if you want.”
Nessie hated that the one night Gavin suggested was the one night that she already had plans. “Oh, I can’t tonight. I promised Bonnie I would go to her volleyball game tonight. I’m sorry. What about tomorrow?” 
Ignoring Nessie’s question, Gavin asked, “That’s a home game tonight, right?”
Glancing quickly towards him, Nessie noticed that Gavin appeared uncertain. Nodding, she shared, “Yeah, it starts at six.”
A small smile crossed Gavin’s handsome features, replacing the unsure expression. Getting back to the original topic, he thought aloud, “Umm, tomorrow works if we can meet after practice.”
Stopping outside her next classroom, Nessie considered what it might be like to be completely alone with Gavin. A ball of nervousness slammed into the pit of her stomach, making her feel slightly sick. Unable to meet Gavin’s eyes, she uttered, “I get off work around five-thirty. We can meet at my house.”
“Great! Sounds like a plan. See ya at lunch,” he said cheerfully before walking away, leaving Nessie feeling overwhelmed and apprehensive. 

Nessie arrived at the volleyball game early. Before heading into the school gymnasium, she grabbed the book she was reading from her car. She found her usual spot at the top of the bleachers where she could lean back against the wall and soon lost herself within the pages of the book. She didn't notice when people started filling up the gym and she certainly didn't notice Gavin climbing the bleacher steps. 
Gavin sat down next to Nessie. If she had bothered to look up from her book, she would have seen Gavin’s amused expression and the laughter that filled his eyes as he waited for her to finally realize he was there. Getting her attention, he asked, “Hey, Nessie. How’s the book?”
Shocked to find Gavin sitting beside her, Nessie quickly slammed her book shut. She couldn’t fathom how he got there without her noticing. She made a mental note to try to be more observant of her surroundings. Tucking a strand of brown curls behind her ear, she responded, “Hi. How long have you been sitting there?”
Appearing completely at ease, Gavin leaned back against the wall and stretched his legs out on the bleacher in front of him. “Not long. I just got outta practice and came over. Thought I would watch the game with you. Maybe take some notes on Bonnie’s game and tomorrow give her some pointers on how she can improve,” he laughed.
Nessie found herself smiling along with him. “I’m not sure Bonnie would appreciate that. She would probably show up at one of your football games and end up giving you a full evaluation. You’d better be careful,” she warned. 
“I’ll tread carefully,” he promised, grinning wickedly. 
The junior varsity game had been quick, but their conversation continued as the varsity teams took the floor. They talked about school and even Nessie’s job at the floral shop. They chatted about football for a while before Gavin realized Nessie didn't have a clue about the sport. “Have you ever been to a football game?” he asked.
The home team scored causing a loud cheer to come from the crowd. Clapping, Nessie joined in the celebration before she shyly admitted, “No, I’ve never been to one.” 
Leaning forward, resting his forearms on his legs, Gavin let out a long, low whistle. Twisting his neck so he could look behind him at her, he chuckled, “You’ve gone to this school how many years and haven’t been to a football game?”
Nessie could tell Gavin was stunned by her honesty. She felt slightly uneasy and embarrassed. The thought that he might be offended crossed her mind so she quickly said, “It’s not that I dislike football. I just never had much reason to go. I go to Bonnie’s games because she’s my friend and she expects me to be here.” She nodded as she spoke, hoping he would understand her reasoning.
Gavin starred into her wide-eyed, regretful expression and smiled. “Well you have a reason to come now. Our next home game is this Friday.” He reclined again, leaning in close to her. “And I expect you to be there.”
She definitely wasn’t anticipating Gavin to invite her to a football game. Her mind went blank for several seconds before she could give him a coherent answer. “Umm, okay. I suppose I should attend at least one game before I graduate.”
Gavin and Nessie watched as Bonnie’s team made quick work of the volleyball match by winning in three sets. Before heading home, Gavin walked Nessie to her car. With the slick roads from the earlier rain, he instructed her to be careful and then wished her a good night. Nessie returned home feeling exhilarated and at ease in her friendship with Gavin. Sometime during their many conversations, Nessie had gotten over her nervousness and worry. She was actually looking forward to working with him on their project.

Chapter Twenty-five

The next evening, Bonnie called exactly fifteen minutes after Gavin had left Nessie’s house. She demanded to be told every detail of Gavin and Nessie’s study session. Nessie didn't mean to be vague about her evening with Gavin, but Bonnie got frustrated anyway. She argued that Nessie was hiding something, but in reality, there simply wasn’t much for Nessie to explain. 
The only thing she and Gavin discussed was their project. They divided up responsibilities for each other and worked on an outline. 
Bonnie groaned into the phone as she pleaded with her friend to tell her what really happened, “Come on, Nes! There is no way the two of you talked about civil rights for three hours. Tell me everything now!”
“I did tell you everything. There isn't anything else to tell,” Nessie argued.
After a few minutes of silence, Bonnie finally accepted the truth. “But I thought for sure he would ask you out,” she said exasperatedly. “It just doesn’t make sense. I am never wrong on these things.”
Nessie had desperately wanted Bonnie to be right. She had carefully considered how the study session would go. She had remained hopeful the whole evening until disappointment flooded her as she watched Gavin back out of her driveway. She tried to keep the sorrow out of her voice. “Well sorry, Bonnie, but you were wrong this time. And besides, it doesn’t matter. We met to work on our project and that is exactly what we did.”
Another long pause on the other end of the line led Nessie to believe Bonnie would argue the matter, but Bonnie didn't see through her friend’s lie and for that, Nessie was grateful. “Whatever! It’s your life. If you’re not upset, then I’m not either,” Bonnie said.
However, the next day, Bonnie refused to let the subject drop. She even threatened to question Gavin on why he was stalling, but Nessie quickly put an end to that by giving a threat of her own. She warned Bonnie that she wouldn’t talk to her for a straight week if Bonnie spoke with Gavin. That was enough to get Bonnie to settle down. The last thing Bonnie wanted to do was lose her best friend, even if it would only be for a week.
Nessie knew her friend was only acting enraged because she cared about her, but Nessie just wished Bonnie would mind her own business this time. Instead of following through with her threat of questioning Gavin, Bonnie simply ignored him when he joined the girls for lunch. Nessie felt the awkwardness of the situation and knew Gavin had to realize there was something wrong, but he didn't comment on it until later in Calculus. 
He arrived after Nessie and took a seat at the desk next to her. “Hey, what’s going on with Bonnie? She seemed upset about something today. It isn’t Reid, is it? He didn't say anything to me.”
Nessie wasn’t sure how to answer his questions. She felt uncomfortable and slightly upset with Bonnie for putting her in this awkward position. “Umm, it isn’t Reid. She’s just upset at her little sister, Fiona. They argue sometimes.”
Nessie hated having to lie, but she wasn’t about to tell him the truth. That would certainly make matters even more humiliating. Bonnie and Fiona hardly ever fought. They got along incredibly well, but she prayed Gavin didn't know that. 
Nodding, Gavin said, “I see. Alec and I get into some pretty wicked arguments sometimes.” Sitting back in his seat, he changed the topic by asking, “So you’re still coming to my game on Friday, right?”
Feeling the tension leave her body, Nessie smiled for the first time that day. “Yeah, I’m still planning on going. I checked the weather though. It said there’s a chance of rain.”
Gavin gave a lopsided grin as he bragged, “The rain won’t be a problem. I’ve always played better in the rain anyway.”
Just as the bell rang, signaling the start of class, Nessie ended their conversation by saying, “I’ll be sure to bring an umbrella then.”

It took the next two days for Nessie to persuade Bonnie to attend the football game with her. By Friday afternoon, Nessie had lost all hope until Bonnie texted her and said she would meet her at the game after practice. Feeling so relieved, Nessie left work early, arriving at the school a half hour early. Sitting in her car, she passed the time reading while the rain started to slowly drizzle down.
Nessie waited as long as she could before grabbing her umbrella and dashing for the football stadium. Bonnie intercepted her as she was climbing the bleacher steps. “Nope, sorry, Nessie, but you’re not sitting at the top tonight. We are going to the student cheer block!”
Bonnie gripped Nessie’s arm and dragged her down to the front bleachers that were reserved for the student section. Nessie watched as the Fighting Highlanders took the field with Reid leading the pack. Even though she was soaked and dripping wet, Nessie didn't stop cheering until the last buzzer sounded and the scoreboard displayed a home win. She was actually upset with herself for waiting so long to attend a football game. Even the cold chill from the rain couldn’t dampen her excitement. 
Walking to the parking lot after the game, Bonnie did her best to describe some components of the game that Nessie still didn't quite understand. “Well, first down sorta means the offense gets to keep trying for a touchdown. If they fail to get a first down then that means they lose possession of the ball. Does that make sense?”
The perplexed look on Nessie’s face was answer enough. Bonnie sighed and tried again, “So there is an offense and a defense. You understand that part, right?” Bonnie said as if instructing a young child. 
Nessie replied, “Of course I understand that. I understand most of the positions too. I just didn't know why we cheered every time they called a first down. That’s all. You don’t have to make me feel stupid!” Nessie would have actually been offended if it had been anyone but Bonnie speaking to her in that tone of voice, but Nessie knew Bonnie wasn’t trying to be rude. 
Without stopping, Bonnie reached out an arm and pulled Nessie in for a tight squeeze. “I didn't mean to make you feel stupid. I just can’t believe you waited until our senior year to come to a game. I mean, I’ve tried for years to get you to come and you’ve always refused, but you can’t wait to come to a game once Gavin asks you. Geez, what am I? Chop liver?” 
Moving quickly to avoid a water puddle, Nessie pulled away from Bonnie’s embrace. “Oh geez, Bonnie, you’re not going to get upset now, are you? You know I never had much interest in sports,” Nessie argued, rolling her eyes.
Pulling her jacket tighter around herself, Bonnie replied, “I know. I’m not upset. Just messing with you. I suggest you ask Gavin to explain football to you. He knows more about it than I do anyway.”
“Yeah, that’s an idea.” Nessie continued by changing the topic. “You know, Reid did well tonight. He even scored!”
“Of course he scored. That’s what the wide receiver does.” Upon reaching Bonnie’s car, she gave her friend another quick hug and said, “Well goodnight, Nes. Call me tomorrow and we’ll get together after my practice.”
“Sounds good,” Nessie called over her shoulder as she continued to her car, shoving her hands into the pockets of her yellow jacket, shielding herself from the icy wind.

Chapter Twenty-six

Nessie and Gavin’s friendship grew stronger over the next few months. They made a great team on their Government project, both earning ‘A’s for their efforts. Gavin now sat with Bonnie and Nessie every day for lunch and Reid had even started joining their small group. Bonnie and Reid had officially been dating for two months by the time December rolled around. She was already talking about the annual Winter Dance, which happened every year before Christmas Break. Nessie had been correct in her assumption that Bonnie would be named Homecoming Queen. She was crowned at the final home football game. The fact that her best friend won queen was about the most exciting thing that had happened in Nessie’s world.
Even though Gavin and Nessie’s friendship was strong, she started to feel disheartened. She was no longer certain Gavin liked her. Bonnie noticed the struggle her friend was in. She tried to sympathize with Nessie, but realized she only made it worse so eventually they avoided the topic of Gavin altogether. It was hard for Bonnie to be so happy with Reid, but then see her friend so miserable. She had questioned Reid several times about Gavin and Nessie, but Reid’s answer was always the same. Gavin never spoke about Nessie to him. 
Nessie had grown the courage several times to ask if Gavin wanted to see a movie or hang out at JD’s Cafe, but his answer was always no. He said he either had practice or had things to do at home. She finally quit asking and quit expecting anything more from their friendship. 

For Gavin, the situation was much more complicated. He did like Nessie, but struggled with the reality of his secret. He still met with Baruff every day, usually after school or late in the evening after sports practice. He had developed his skills with spells and knowledge of the different realms. Baruff had shared that he was pleased with Gavin’s progress. 
Gavin had gained more information from Baruff over the months about his past. He finally learned how he died in his previous life. He had been right in his assumption that it was a servant who killed him. Baruff didn't go into much detail other than to say the servant was severely beaten before being beheaded. The last thing he said on the matter was that he was going to ensure this possibility couldn’t happen again. When Gavin questioned his mentor further on the subject, Baruff refused to share additional information. 
Because Gavin was so uncertain about his future, he feared involving Nessie in it. He told himself that being her friend was good enough, but he had difficulties accepting that lie. When she had asked him out, he could tell he had hurt her when he declined. By late November, he finally realized he was all out of excuses for not asking Nessie on a date. He reasoned with himself that if he was destined to be a powerful wizard, then surely he could date whomever he wanted without having to worry about any consequences. 

Chapter Twenty-seven

It was the first week of December and the ground was covered in slick ice and snow as Nessie carefully walked to her car after school. She was bundled up in several layers to protect herself from the harsh wind that came with the winters in Maine. Nessie assumed she looked like a giant banana in her yellow jacket, but didn't care. She was simply grateful for the warmth it offered. She sent up a little prayer of thanks as she successfully reached her car without falling. She struggled to fit the key into the keyhole of her old Cadillac because her hands were shaking so bad. 
Finally getting her car unlocked, Nessie tried to open the door only to find it frozen shut. She pulled and yanked on the door, but couldn’t get it to budge. In a last attempt for success, she gripped the door with both hands and gave it a huge yank. She instantly realized this was a mistake as she felt her feet fly out from under her as she slipped on the ice beneath her shoes. 

Gavin had watched as Nessie struggled to open her car door. He arrived just in time to catch her from landing on her backside. “Whoa, Nessie, are you okay?” he asked as he helped her steady herself.
Nessie no longer felt the cold. She could feel her face heat from embarrassment. Finding it difficult to stay up right, she tried to turn around to face her savior. In an attempt to steady herself, she latched onto Gavin for dear life and feared she would end up taking him down with her. “Uhh, I think so…,” she trailed off as she slipped again and Gavin was forced to try to steady her again. 
Getting her feet firmly under her, Nessie was able to finally realize the position she was in. Gavin was holding her in a tight embrace as she clung to him for balance. Flushed with humiliation, Nessie couldn’t think of anything to say. She simply stared into his incredibly blue eyes; certain they were the most beautiful shade of sapphire she had ever seen.
Gavin was just as lost for words as Nessie. Trying to pull his thoughts together, he slowly released his hold on her. He ran his hand through his hair, making it even more of a mess than it already was. Gavin was the first to speak, even though he had to scramble to find the right words. “I wanted to ask you something. I looked for you after your last class, but I must have missed you. Suppose that was a good thing though or else you would be covered in snow right now,” he explained with a small chuckle.
Clearing her throat, Nessie replied, “Thank you for your help. I couldn’t get the door open.” She kicked at the door with foot to emphasize her problem. “And then I lost my balance on the ice,” she complained. 
Gavin didn't ask her to explain further. Using his arm, he directed her gently out of his way. Nessie watched as he opened the car door with what seemed to be very little effort on his part, probably because the boy was covered in muscle. She didn't think she could feel any more embarrassed, but after seeing how easily he opened the door, she could only stare down at her shoes in shame. She quickly uttered her thanks before trying to slip around him to climb into the car. Gavin wasn’t about to let her escape though. He stayed planted directly in her path and waited for her to look at him.
When she finally did glance up into his face, he was smiling, putting an end to her embarrassment. Even though the two were already standing close, he leaned in further, forcing her to crane her neck so she met his gaze. From this position, all she would have to do is stand on her toes and their faces would be touching. Whispering softly, he repeated, “Like I said, I wanted to ask you something.”
Nessie could feel butterflies doing somersaults in her stomach. She swallowed loudly before squeaking out, “Oh yeah. What is it?”
His gaze bore into her. She could feel his warm breath on her face. She was certain the snow had to be melting around them. She was so distracted by his closeness that she almost missed what he said. “Well I was wondering if you wanted to go with me to the Winter Dance?”
The numbing fog quickly lifted from her mind, leaving her confused. Dumbfounded, Nessie asked, “The Winter Dance?”
Leaning back, Gavin was quickly feeling unsure of himself as he watched the bafflement cross her face. He realized he hadn’t considered she might already have a date to the dance. “Yeah. You…you don’t have a date, do you?”  
Nessie felt as if she were getting whiplash. Her emotions were out of control. She could feel the last remnants of embarrassment seep from her body as uncertainty and excitement warred inside her. “No, I don’t have a date,” she said as she shook her head. “The dance is in a week though.”
“Yeah, I guess it is, isn’t it.” Gavin realized he hadn’t, yet again, considered all the different possibilities, including that he might have waited too long to ask her. “If you’re busy, I understand. I just…umm, I was just thinking we could go together.” Gavin wasn’t sure how he had messed this whole conversation up, but he knew he was sinking quickly. Thinking to make a swift escape, he said, “Well, I better get to basketball practice. I’ll see you later.”
As he turned away, she realized he wasn’t going to give her a chance to answer. He simply turned and started to walk away. Nessie didn't let Gavin get too far before she was able to stop him. She tapped him on the shoulder, gaining his attention. She was grinning as she gave him the answer he wanted to hear. “I would love to go to the dance with you, Gavin. I’ll see you tomorrow.” 
As soon as she arrived at work, Nessie called Bonnie to share her exciting news. 

Because the Winter Dance was a formal affair, Kenna McAdams insisted on going dress shopping with Nessie and Bonnie. Nessie was certain her mom was more excited about the dance than she was. Sitting on the lounging area’s settee in Foxland’s single dress shop, Kenna watched as the girls tried on different dresses. Being an overly sensitive woman, she had a difficult time controlling her emotions. 
“Oh, you girls are just so beautiful,” she sobbed as she dabbed at her tears.
Nessie turned to the sales clerk and apologized for tenth time for her weeping mother. “Oh, don’t worry, sweetie. I’m used to crying mothers. They’re in here all the time with their daughters. They’re a hazard of the job!” the older woman joked.
Wearing a pink, ruffled dress, Bonnie was spinning in front of the three-sided, full-length mirror when she asked, “What do you think of this dress, Mrs. McAdams?”
Kenna immediately seized her crying, giving Bonnie her full attention. “It’s lovely, Bonnie, but I think I prefer the blue one you had on earlier. I believe your mom would like the blue one too! She entrusted me to make sure you get the right dress today.”
Bonnie laughed at Kenna’s remarks. “Yes, I know! My mom said you get the final say in the dress I choose.” She picked up the skirt of the dress as she marched up the two steps that led to the dressing rooms. 
Kenna sat up straight and spoke with great authority. “Well she only wants the best for you. Your mom couldn’t be here and because she and I are friends, she entrusted me with this task.” 
Changing directions, Bonnie smiled as she sashayed over to the woman who had been something like a second mother to her growing up. Pulling Kenna in tight for a hug, she said, “I know. Thank you for coming today.” This show of affection caused Kenna to start crying again. 
Passing Nessie on her way to the dressing rooms, Bonnie whispered, “If she is this bad now, I can’t imagine what she will be like when prom rolls around.” 
Nessie wondered if she would be going to prom, but decided that particular event was too far away to consider. She had the Winter Dance to prepare for now. Standing before the mirror, Nessie examined the latest dress she had donned. The green color made her look sickly. She glanced over at Kenna for her mother’s opinion.
Kenna made a slightly disgusted face and shook her head. That was all the encouragement Nessie needed to take the dress off immediately. Making a bee-line for the changing room, Nessie stopped mid-stride when she saw Bonnie hold up a particularly daring red dress and announce to the store, “Nessie, you have to try this on!”
Thinking Bonnie was joking, Nessie laughed. “No, Bonnie, that is more your style.”
Bonnie rushed across the show floor to the settee. Laying the dress in Kenna’s lap, Bonnie asked, “Mrs. McAdams, don’t you think Nessie would look fabulous in this dress?”
Kenna looked at the dress hesitantly and reached out to touch the material. The red chiffon simmered in the afternoon light pouring through the large shop windows. A deep frown formed on Kenna’s face. She seemed unsure as she spoke, “It’s a nice dress, but I’m not sure it’s really Nessie.”
Bonnie wasn’t going to settle for that answer. Yanking the dress from Kenna’s lap, Bonnie grabbed Nessie by the hand, pulling her towards the dressing rooms. “Well don’t you think she should at least try it on?”
Giving up on the debate with Bonnie, Kenna lounged back on the settee and said, “If she wants to try it on, I don’t see what it would hurt.”
Nessie rolled her eyes because she knew Bonnie wouldn’t give up until she tried on the silly red dress. Five minutes later, Nessie remerged onto the show room floor. Bonnie couldn’t contain her glee when she saw Nessie. She started clapping her hands and jumping in place. 
Kenna reaction was somewhat different. Her jaw dropped and her brown eyes seemed to bulge from her head. “Oh my,” she whispered. Nessie wasn’t sure if her mom’s response was positive or not. She raised an eyebrow and bit her bottom lip as she waited for someone to say something. The deafening silence felt like a heavy weight, surrounding her. She finally asked, “Well, what do you think?”
Kenna slapped her mouth shut and stood. She rushed over to stand by her daughter. “Oh, Nessie, you are absolutely stunning. You look all grown up,” she said as she fumbled to find a tissue in her pocket. “Oh, you just look so beautiful.”
Bonnie sauntered over to stand next to the mother and daughter. “Yep! You sure do look great. You are, of course, welcome!” Subtlety was not her strong suit. Leaning in and whispering into Nessie’s ear, Bonnie said, “Just wait until Gavin sees you in this dress!”
Nessie couldn’t help but be intrigued by that thought. She inspected herself in the mirror. The tight fitting bodice was made of red silk with a lace overlay. Nessie was concerned the strapless, sweetheart neckline was too reveling, along with the thigh high slit that started at the bodice and worked its way down the chiffon skirt. Her long brunette locks fell down the open back of the dress. Doubt clouded her mind. The reflection in the mirror was stunning, but Nessie wasn’t certain she was capable of wearing such a dress. It wasn’t like anything she had ever worn, but looking at herself, she felt elegant and beautiful. 
Nessie turned to her mother once again. Kenna could see Nessie was conflicted about the dress. “Darling, it looks amazing on you…,” she said.
Bonnie gushed, “Heck yeah, it does! You look hot, Nes!” Receiving a frustrated glare from Kenna, Bonnie shrugged her shoulders apologetically for her interruption. “Well she does,” Bonnie muttered.
Turning her focus back to her daughter, Kenna continued, “As I was saying, the dress does look amazing, but you want to be comfortable at the dance. This dress isn’t like anything I’ve seen you wear before. It’s very grown up. Would you feel okay wearing it?”
Giving herself another look in the mirror, Nessie recalled Bonnie’s comment about Gavin. It didn't take her long to make a decision. While still looking in the mirror, she gave her answer, “Yeah, Mom, I already feel great wearing it.”
Needless to say, the shopping trip was a success. Nessie knew Bonnie would look stunning in her deep blue, mermaid style dress, but if she were to be honest, she was more excited at the prospect of wearing the dress she had chosen. She secretly hoped Bonnie was right when she said Gavin wouldn’t be able to take his eyes off of her. 

Chapter Twenty-eight

The Winter Dance was always scheduled for the Saturday before Christmas Break. During lunch on Friday, while Bonnie was chatting away with Reid, Gavin made plans with Nessie to pick her up the following evening. He informed her earlier in the week that he had already purchased their tickets. Assuming their parents would want to take pictures of the couple, he planned on picking her up early. Nessie was fine with Gavin making the plans. She was more focused on the actual dance and making sure she didn't somehow mess it up.
Becoming excited suddenly, Bonnie drew Nessie out of her conversation with Gavin. She grabbed Nessie’s arm, exclaiming, “Hey, I have an idea! How about we sorta do a double date.”
Reaching out to grasp Bonnie’s other hand, Reid asked, “What do you mean?”
Rushing to explain her idea, Bonnie said, “Well, how about we all go out before the dance and have lunch together and then Nessie and I can get ready together so you two,” she paused to indicate Gavin and Reid by nodding, “can come to one house and we can all have our pictures together!”
With a shrug, Gavin replied, “I don’t see a problem with that. What do you think, Nessie?”
Realizing the genius behind Bonnie’s idea, she hurried to agree. “I think that is a great plan!”
Reid nodded his approval and the conversation turned toward where the couples would eat the next day. 
Later that night, Nessie called Bonnie to talk about their plans. They agreed to get ready at Bonnie’s house. Nessie would check to see if her mom would come over to help them get ready. Nessie couldn’t help but question her friend on the brilliance of doing a double date.
Bonnie laughed into the phone receiver. “Nes, I know you so well. I know you are beyond a nervous wreck by now. I figured Reid and I could make it a little less stressful for you. Plus I wanna be there when Gavin sees you in that dress!”
Nessie admitted she felt some nervousness attending the dance with Gavin, but the excitement she felt outweighed any anxiety. However, she felt more at ease knowing that her best friend would be there with her. 

The next day, the couples ate together at one of Foxland’s more classy establishments, The Regal Beagle. The wooden sign that hung over the door pictured a beagle standing alert and proud. Nessie had only ever eaten in the restaurant with her parents. She flushed with joy when Gavin took ahold of her hand and led the group to a table in the back of the room. Several hours past as they ate and talked. 
Gavin dropped Nessie off at Bonnie’s house after lunch. He told her he would see her again in three hours. For the next two hours, Kenna and Bonnie’s mother, Leslie, helped the young women prepare for the Winter Dance. Fiona desperately wanted to help in some way, but wasn’t skilled in the art of hair and makeup so she talked incessantly instead. She was more of a danger than she was helpful. Twice, Fiona dropped the curling iron on the floor and even managed to spill Leslie’s makeup bag all over the floor. 
Nessie didn't care that Fiona was in the way. She enjoyed being around Bonnie’s younger sister because she never knew what the girl would say or do. Watching Fiona helped distract Nessie from the coming night. Nessie’s father, Angus, arrived an hour before she was to be picked up, bringing Kenna’s digital camera with him. 
The time passed quickly and before Nessie knew it, Gavin was knocking on the door. Fiona rushed downstairs to let him in since Angus and her dad, Dallas, were playing pool in the basement. Nessie was completely ready, but Bonnie wouldn’t let her go down to greet Gavin yet. “Let him wait for a few minutes,” Bonnie said. “Besides, I need to get down there first. I can’t wait to witness his reaction when he sees you!”
Bonnie left with Kenna and Leslie in tow, leaving Nessie to her own thoughts. She could hear Leslie, on her way down the stairs, complaining that she still needed to find new batteries for her camera. Nessie stood in front of the mirror in Bonnie’s room and examined herself one last time. She could hardly recognize the girl reflected in the glass. Her hair was arranged so that it was pulled away from her face and fell in cascading ringlets down her back. Kenna had done an amazing job with her makeup. Her hazel eyes appeared larger than usual and her lips were tinted a deep red. Nessie couldn’t believe she was the same girl that woke up this morning. 
Determining she waited long enough, Nessie made her way downstairs to greet her date. 

Chapter Twenty-nine

Gavin was speaking with Nessie’s father when he sensed her coming down the stairs. For a second, he wasn’t sure he was in the correct house. The woman making her way carefully down the stairs looked as if she had just stepped off the runway. The red dress fit her like a glove, leaving little to the imagination. Gavin had known Nessie was pretty, but he never guessed there was a shockingly gorgeous woman hiding within her.
She stopped directly in front of him. “I’m sorry for making you wait,” he heard her say.
Still reeling from the vision before him, Gavin struggled to speak. Slowing shaking his head, Gavin whispered, “You’re worth the wait, Nessie.”
Beaming, Nessie turned to her attention to her father, who moved forward to embrace his daughter in a tight hug. “You look beautiful, Honey. Love you! Have fun tonight.”
“Thanks, Dad. I love you, too,” she replied, placing a small kiss on his weathered cheek, leaving a red lipstick smudge.
Clapping her hands to gain everyone’s attention, Kenna announced it was time for pictures. Shortly thereafter, Reid arrived. Bonnie grabbed him as soon as he came through the door. “Geez, Reid, you took long enough. I thought you were going to stand me up! We’ve already started taking pictures,” she huffed. 
Doing his best to be apologetic, Reid immediately made his excuses. “I’m sorry, Bonnie. My car had trouble starting because of the cold weather. My dad ended up letting me take his Jag.” Reid was referring to his dad’s 1960 Jaguar XK and as soon as Bonnie heard this, she forgave his tardiness. The next half hour, several hundred pictures were snapped as Kenna and Leslie gushed over the young adults. 
At a quarter until six, the couples departed from Bonnie’s house and headed for Wallace High School. During the ride, Nessie did her best to get the butterflies in her stomach under control, which had started the second Gavin put his arm around her for the pictures. Somehow Gavin kept the conversation going completely by himself. Whenever he asked Nessie a question, all he got from her were yes and no answers. It didn't take him long to figure out she was nervous. She stared out the window, focusing on world whizzing by. Her hands were gripped so tight that her knuckles had turned white. Gavin admitted to himself that he was also anxious. He could have laughed at the irony of it all if he weren’t so tense. 
They arrived at the school just as the dance was starting. Gavin escorted his date through the winter wonderland, which the student council had spent the last three days creating in the school gymnasium. Gavin doubted Nessie even noticed the stares she was getting as he led her to an empty table in the corner, but he definitely noticed. Jealousy and pride warred within him. He was envious that others might desire what he had yet to claim and he felt satisfaction at having the most beautiful date there. Gavin made it his mission to make this a night Nessie would never forget. 
And he did just that.

The next day, Nessie was woken early by Bonnie’s arrival. Her friend was on a mission to find out every detail from the night before. Nessie greeted Bonnie at the door with a loud yawn and groaned, “Bonnie, shouldn’t you still be in bed? I know you didn't leave the dance until after Gavin and I did and we didn't leave until midnight.” 
Bonnie looked as stunning as ever, as if she hadn’t missed any sleep. “Oh, we left not long after you did. I have been going out of my mind since last night! What happened? What did he say?” Bonnie shot her line of random questions as they climbed the stairs to Nessie’s room.
Nessie’s irritation and exhaustion quickly faded as she began to describe her date. She flopped down on the double-sized bed and gave a full recount. “Oh, it was amazing. The car ride there was a little awkward, but once we got to the dance, it didn't matter. Gavin was so polite the whole night. He even opened doors for me. No guy has ever done that for me before! We danced so much my feet still hurt from those darn heels you picked out for me!” 
Sitting crossed legged on the bed; Bonnie gave a simple shrug, defending her selection of heels for her friend. “Beauty is pain, my dear! Besides, you looked gorgeous! I watched Gavin like a hawk when you came down those stairs last night. I thought his eyes were going to pop out of his head! And he wasn’t the only one who took notice of you. The entire male student body wanted to dance with you. I’m surprised you weren’t asked to dance by each one of them.”
Nessie smiled slyly as she looked at her friend. “Well actually there were several boys who did come and ask me to dance, but each time Gavin told them that I had already promised the dance to him.”
“No way!” Bonnie laughed heartily. “So Gavin doesn’t like to share, huh?”
Nessie found Gavin’s action completely endearing. “I think he was being absolutely adorable,” she defended. 
Picking at the fabric on the purple bed comforter, Bonnie sighed sadly, “Yeah, I suppose he was. I wish Reid would have taken a few lessons from Gavin. I think I only danced with my boyfriend five times.” 
Sympathizing with her friend, Nessie fondly patted Bonnie on the arm. She said, “Aww, I’m sorry. You seemed like you had fun last night.”
Bonnie shook off her disappointment and replied, “Oh, I did have fun. Reid warned me he wasn’t much of a dancer so I can’t be too upset with him. Let’s get back to the subject of you and Gavin. What else happened?”
Shrugging, Nessie explained, “Nothing else happened. We left the school and he drove me home. I went to bed for some much needed rest, but then I was woken up way too early by my incredibly rude friend.”
Bonnie didn't beat around the bush. She came straight out and asked what she had been dying to know. Bonnie gave Nessie her most disgruntled look and said, “What I want to know, my incredibly maddening friend, is if he kissed you.”
Trying not to show her disappointment, Nessie confessed. “No, we didn't kiss, but that doesn’t mean I didn't enjoy my evening. I had a great time.”
“Whatever, you say, Nessie. All I’m saying is that you looked too hot not to be kissed!” Bonnie argued as she stood. “Let’s get some breakfast. I’m starving.”
Nessie was thankful Bonnie didn't push further. She had fun at the dance and that was all that mattered. 

Chapter Thirty

Over the Christmas Break, Gavin took Nessie on three more dates. Parked in her driveway after their third date, Gavin finally found the courage to kiss her. He wasn’t sure who was more surprised after he leaned over and found Nessie’s lips with his own. For Gavin, the kiss was incomparable to any he had experienced in the past. This kiss caused him to lose his ability to think, his was incapable of speech. He was still leaning close as he lost himself in the depths of her hazel eyes, realizing he had temporarily forgotten how to breathe. He couldn’t believe this amazing girl had been right in front of him his whole life, but he hadn’t fully seen her until now. 
For Nessie, the kiss was a first and completely indescribable. Questions flooded her, leaving her confused and shaky. Was she ready for a serious relationship? What would happen if they didn't work? What would happen when school ended? Would she be able to handle a break-up?
Neither spoke, afraid to break the spell that surrounded them. Unable to find answers, panic rose inside of Nessie like molten lava. Grasping the door handle, Nessie broke the silence. “Goodnight,” was all she was capable of uttering as she climbed out of his car.  
That night, Gavin drove home slowly as he thought about his relationship with Nessie. Concern for her safety and pulling her into his tangled life still tore at him. Baruff was consistently reminding him that his birthday was drawing nearer, which meant his powers would start to show themselves. His life would become unclear once he turned eighteen.
Gavin knew his time was precious. He wasn’t sure that once he had his birthday he would have time for sports, let alone a girlfriend. He knew that in order to develop his powers, he would have to start traveling to Fealend so he could receive training in the many rooms housed in Bruce Hall. The last thing he wanted to do was hurt Nessie by abandoning her. He promised himself that no matter what, he would find time to be with her. 

Within the first week back to school, Nessie received another first. Bonnie and Reid joined Nessie at her locker before first period. Bonnie was showing off the bracelet that Reid had gotten her for Christmas. “Look, Nessie, isn’t it gorgeous? Isn’t Reid the greatest?”
Pulling her Literature textbook from her locker, Nessie glanced at the glistening gold band that Bonnie shoved in her face. “It is lovely, Bonnie. It’s just as pretty as the first hundred times you showed me!” Nessie stated.
Joining the small group, Gavin threw an arm over Nessie’s shoulders and pulled her in close, holding her tightly. Pointing at the piece of gold jewelry, he jokingly said, “You better not be giving my girlfriend any ideas, Reid.”
Raising a dark eyebrow, Reid said, “Girlfriend?” 
Nessie wasn’t sure what to say. Pleasure bloomed inside her, warming her. She was surprised to see Bonnie’s mouth gaping. She watched in amusement as Reid reached over and closed it for her. Bonnie looked rapidly from Gavin to Nessie, back to Gavin. Nessie was actually shocked to see Bonnie speechless. 
Gavin gave Nessie a little squeeze to get her attention. Looking up into his striking face, Nessie found him smiling fondly at her. Any doubts she had about their relationship vanished in that second. She was pressed so close to him that she could feel the tremors in his chest as he spoke, “Come on. I’ll walk you to your first class.” 
As they walked through the narrow hallways, Nessie was fully aware of the commotion they were causing. Gavin still hadn’t relinquished his hold on her. They walked together, side by side through the mass of crowded bodies. The attention was something Nessie wasn’t used to. For all her life, she had been invisible to the rest of the student body. If anyone actually knew her before, it was only because of her friendship with Bonnie, but now her social status had changed due to her new “boyfriend”. Avoiding any eye contact, Nessie focused on the tiled floor. Feeling she should say something, she said, “Sure was cold this morning.” Gavin laughed at her attempt for small talk. He knew he had sprung the news on her and their friends, but after realizing he wanted a relationship with Nessie, he couldn’t stop himself from sharing the announcement. Giving her a slight squeeze, Gavin asked, “I know I should have asked you before I told Reid and Bonnie, but you do want to be my girlfriend, don’t you?”
Nessie had the ready reply of ‘Duh!’ on her tongue, but opted for saying, “I’d thought you’d never ask.” She gave him one of her most brilliant smiles before entering her classroom. 

Chapter Thirty-one

Nessie’s eighteenth birthday arrived at the end of January. Gavin joined the McAdams, Rose and her two children for a celebratory dinner. Once again, Kenna became sentimental. She fretted and fussed on how her baby girl was now an adult. Nessie was uncomfortable with her mother’s behavior and hardly spoke through their meal. Gavin was able tell Nessie was ill-at-ease with the attention she was getting. That was one of the many things he had learned about her during their time together.
To most people, Nessie would seem to be a fairly simple person to understand, but the more he got to know her, Gavin realized Nessie was an ambiguous person. He knew she didn't desire to be the center of attention, she always thought something through before blurting it out, her favorite color was green and she secretly dreamed of seeing the world. Gavin enjoyed finding out new things about her. It drew the two of them closer together. Gavin held Nessie’s hand under the table all through dinner. It was his way of supporting her. 
Nessie was comforted by Gavin’s kind action. She was able to make it through the awkward dinner and afterward, went with Gavin to the movie theater in town. All in all, Nessie would have to chalk it up to a pretty good birthday and she had Gavin to thank. She made herself a promise that she would ensure Gavin had an unforgettable birthday as well. 

Gavin’s training was becoming increasingly inconvenient. Baruff had extended their hours, and now they met early in the mornings before Gavin went to school as well as after sports’ practices. He was forced to sneak out of the house. He wasn’t sure how long he could keep his secret. He knew it was only a matter of time before he was caught sneaking around. 
Not only was he always busy, but Gavin was also consistently tired. Between training, school, sports and Nessie, he knew he had too much happening in his life. He considered quitting the basketball team, but he also knew that would give rise to suspicion. So he did his best to balance and juggle his life. His birthday was a month away and he was almost relieved by that fact. 

With Valentine’s Day quickly approaching, Bonnie had planned another double date. She took care of all the arrangements. They, of course, started with dinner followed by ice-skating in the town park. The date proved to be another unforgettable evening for Nessie. It was on this particular night she realized her feelings had grown deeply for Gavin and she certainly wasn’t one to be fickle with her feelings. She knew her relationship with Gavin was something special. Unsure about how he felt toward her, Nessie decided to keep her feelings a secret for a little while longer. 
The date was unforgettable for Gavin, as well, but for an entirely different reason. After dropping Nessie off at her house, he returned home only to find Baruff waiting in his bedroom. 
Upset that Baruff would take such a risk; Gavin refused to hide his anger. “What are you doing here? Don’t you know my parents are downstairs?”
Standing in the corner, partially hidden in the dark shadows, Baruff snarled, glaring before answering Gavin. “I don’t care about your parents. What I want to know is what you were doing with that girl.” 
Flipping the wall switch and flooding the bedroom with bright light, Gavin saw fully the hatred marking Baruff’s face. Shaking his head in an effort to make sense of what Baruff was saying, he responded, “What are you talking about? Do you mean Nessie?”
Spit flew from his lips as Baruff responded, “Is that her name? That little tramp.”
Intense rage consumed Gavin, causing him to see patches of red. He ground out between clinched teeth, “Be careful what you say, Baruff! Nessie is none of your concern.”
Baruff appeared as a blur as he moved from his rigid stance in the corner to standing inches from Gavin, trying to intimidate the younger man. “Of course, she is my concern! You made her my concern when you didn't show for your training tonight. I had to track you down and what do I find?” He paused to emphasize his point. “I find you with her!” He nearly shouted.
Thinking Baruff was simply upset that he missed a training session, Gavin tried to apologize. “Look, Baruff, I’m sorry about missing the lesson. It was one time. I won’t let it happen again, okay?”
Gripping Gavin by the front of his shirt, Baruff roughly shook his student. He demanded, “You are right that it won’t happen again. I forbid you to ever see that girl again.”
Knocking Baruff’s hands aside, Gavin argued, “Are you crazy, Old Man? You can’t tell me who I can and can’t see.”
“I can and I have,” Baruff said coolly. The calmness in his voice hinted that arguing was futile. 
Gavin refused to heed Baruff’s warning. Gathering his courage, he firmly stated, “Well too darn bad. I’m not going to stop seeing Nessie. There isn’t anything you can do or say to change my mind.”
A look of fury took over Baruff’s already irritated features. “We’ll see about that,” he threatened before disappearing in thin air as he shifted between the realms. 
Gavin had known Baruff would not be pleased that he had skipped their practice, but he hadn’t calculated on how furious Baruff would become. Gavin tried to reassure himself that Baruff just needed time to calm down. He would return and they would fall back into their routine of training, but the next day Baruff never showed. In fact, Baruff didn't show for the next two weeks and Gavin was forced to conduct his own training. 

It was during the first few days of Baruff’s absence that Gavin’s powers started to reveal themselves. On a grey, wet school morning, Gavin had made the mistake of hitting the snooze button one too many times. Rushing, he quickly dressed and grabbed his backpack and sports bag, heading for his bedroom door. In his haste, he forgot to zip up his backpack. Papers, books, pencils and notepads were flung into the air. In his distress, he shouted a command, “Crap! Stop!”
Gavin watched in shock as each one of the items from his bag stopped their descent down to the floor and hung suspended in air. No longer concerned about getting to school on time, Gavin moved uncertainly towards a pencil that was floating eye-level in front of him. He reached out and hesitantly poked it. The pencil floated slowly away from him. With the shock quickly fading, Gavin smiled as excitement and the thrill of what he was witnessing filled him. His powers had finally developed and weeks ahead of his eighteenth birthday. 
Wondering what else his powers could do, he returned to his room. Concentrating, Gavin made an attempted to raise his bed into the air. He thought he saw it wobble just before he heard his mother shout from the bottom of the stairs, “Gavin! You’re going to be late for school. You had better hurry up.”
Snapping back to reality, Gavin grabbed his school supplies still suspended in the air. Arriving late, he had to get a pass from Mrs. McKenzie before heading to first period. He sat with Nessie during Government class. He considered telling her everything, but decided against it. He didn't want to cause her to panic or worry. He did decide; however, that he would have to continue his training on his own. Now that he had his powers, he would have to learn to use them. That evening after he got home from practice, he went to the abandoned house on Glasgow Street to practice using his magic. After several hours, he was able to lift small tree branches off the ground and had even managed to get a piece of trash to vanish and reappear in a new location. 
Within the next week, Gavin’s powers grew stronger. Now during his practices, he was able to conjure items if he focused hard enough. His actual knowledge on the limitations of magic was sadly lacking. What little understanding he had came from the tasks Baruff had performed and what he had shared during his lessons. He practiced different exercises in order to learn what he was capable of. He found he could control animals for certain purposes. He was able to have the birds in his backyard start to chirp a different tone and even commanded Cailean to obey Ally. 
One power he discovered by complete accident. Hidden in the woods behind the abandoned house, Gavin attempted to light a young sapling on fire located ten feet away. Instead of bursting in flames, the sapling started to grow. Climbing towards the sky, the sapling grew in diameter and hardened as bark formed, bright green leaves unfolding to the cool night air. It reached twelve feet before Gavin had the inkling to rein in his powers. Laying his hand on the now strong, impressive Oak tree, Gavin grew determined to become stronger and gain more control over his magic. 

Chapter Thirty-two

Nessie recognized a change in Gavin. He became distant, even secretive. He broke their dates on several occasions. His excuses were always vague and left her confused. Nessie tried to be patient and understanding. After all, she cared deeply for him, but a person can only take so much before they break. 
Nessie’s breaking point came on Gavin’s birthday. Following through on her promise, Nessie had something special planned for Gavin. She worked closely with Gavin’s mother to arrange a surprise dinner at JD’s Cafe. She sent invites to his friends and family members, including Bonnie and Reid. She had everything planned out and somehow was able to keep the whole thing a secret from Gavin. 
Hoping to keep Gavin in the dark for as long as possible, Ally had made the suggestion that Nessie arrive with Gavin so that he wouldn’t suspect their plans. Under the pretense of going on a simple dinner date together, Nessie talked Gavin into picking her up after his basketball practice. 
With Gavin’s birthday falling on a Tuesday, Bonnie had to endure two school days of forcing herself to keep the party a secret. She struggled to contain her excitement so she made herself scarce around Gavin. Nessie found her friend’s actions both funny and entertaining. Bonnie had never been one to keep a secret and Nessie was glad her friend was trying so hard this time. 
Late Monday night, Nessie called Gavin to remind him of their date night. She reminded him again during lunch on Tuesday. Picking at her food, she asked, “You are still okay with picking me up tonight, right? If you don’t want to drive, I can pick you up. I don’t mind.”
Smiling, Gavin accepted her kindness, but declined her offer. “It’s okay, Nessie. I like driving and besides, this way I can keep you out as late as I want.” 
Nessie loved when Gavin teased her. She couldn’t seem to control the blush that always reddened her face when Gavin boldly flirted with her. She desperately hoped he was pleased with his birthday surprise. She didn't want to disappoint him. 

Nessie took great care in dressing for Gavin’s party. She stressed over her outfit for two hours before finally giving up and calling Bonnie for assistance. Since it was such a special night, she even threw on a little bit of makeup. Ready twenty minutes early, Nessie settled in to catch up on some reading. Losing track of time, she didn't realize Gavin was fifteen minutes late until she heard the old grandfather clock in the dining room start to chime. Nessie found his tardiness unusual, but not worrisome. She returned to her reading, assuming her date would arrive any minute.
A half hour later, Nessie was still waiting. She tried calling Gavin’s cell, but there was never an answer. She tried calling his house, but again, there wasn’t anyone on the other end to pick up the phone. Next, she called Bonnie, who was already at the party.
Thankfully, Bonnie answered her phone, “Hey, where are you guys? You had better not have ditched us all here!”
Staring out her bedroom window, Nessie couldn’t keep the worry out of her voice when she replied, “Bonnie, Gavin hasn’t picked me up yet. I was hoping he showed up there. Has anyone heard from him?” 
Confused, Bonnie answered, “No, not that I know of. What do you mean he didn't show up? Surely Gavin wouldn’t stand you up!”
Fear crept into her heart as her mind raced with assumptions. Had Gavin been in an accident? What if he was hurt? Choking back the tears that threatened to spill, she leaned her forehead against the cool glass of the window, trying to gain control of her emotions. Panic laced her voice as she spoke into the phone, “I don’t know. I called him, but he isn’t answering his cell. Is his family there?”
Unsure how she could comfort her friend, Bonnie whispered, “Yeah, they arrived a little bit ago. Where do you think he could be?” 
No longer able contain her worry, the tears spilled forth; smearing the eyeliner she had applied. Sniffing, Nessie sighed into the phone, “I don't know. Let me know if you hear anything, okay?”
“Sure, okay,” Bonnie said before Nessie ended the call. 
Nessie knew she couldn’t wait around in her house alone. An hour and half late, she arrived at JD’s Café. What had meant to be a celebration had turned into a somber gathering. Many of the guests had already departed, leaving only close friends and family milling around the restaurant. Ally and Marcas left with Alec soon after Nessie arrived. Before leaving, Ally attempted to comfort Nessie. Holding her in a tight hug, she whispered softly, “Don’t worry, sweetie. I’m sure he’s at home. Probably fell asleep or something.” Even though she was trying to be positive, Ally couldn’t mask her own worry. It filled her voice and was etched in the details of her face. Before rushing out the door, Ally promised Nessie she would have Gavin call once they got home. 
Fifteen minutes later, Nessie found herself sitting in an empty diner at a corner booth with only Bonnie and Reid to keep her company. Unable to see her friend looking so miserable, Bonnie did her best to lighten Nessie’s spirits. “You know, Nes,” she said fondly, “I was thinking that the two of us should have a girl’s weekend. We’ll watch movies and eat fattening foods. It’ll be fun. I’ll even invite Fiona. She would just love that!”
Knotting her hands together, Nessie stared at the wooden tabletop, unable to meet her friend’s gaze. She was so close to tears again she didn't even bother responding to Bonnie. Resting his crossed arms on the table, Reid leaned forward. “Look, I’m sure Gavin has a good reason for being late. This isn’t really like him. He’s always on time,” he reasoned.
A loud smack sounded throughout the restaurant as Bonnie thumped Reid on the shoulder. With a cold glare, Bonnie ensured Reid wouldn’t speak again. Bonnie argued, “No, he isn’t just late. He didn't bother to show. For his sake, he better be seriously sick or have one heck of an excuse. If he doesn’t then he won’t stand a chance when I get ahold of him!” Looking contrite, Reid threw up his hands and leaned back in the booth, signaling his defeat.
Feeling numb and empty, Nessie shook her head and muttered, “Leave it alone, Bonnie. Don’t do anything, okay? Just leave it alone.”
Angered, Bonnie slammed her hands on the table, sending another loud bang through the empty building. She fumed, “But someone has to say something to him and I know you’re too nice to ever say anything mean.”
Refusing to let Bonnie have her way, Nessie replied, “No one has to do anything. I’m serious, Bonnie, just let it go.” She didn't threaten or give her friend an ultimatum. Bonnie knew better than to push her any further on this topic. She stood from the table, swaying slightly as a wave of dizziness hit her. “I’m going to head home. I’ll see you later,” she muttered.
Bonnie watched her friend leave the cafe. She knew Nessie was hurting and desperately wished there was something she could do to ease her friend’s pain. Nessie didn't deserve this sort of treatment. Bonnie felt some guilt, as she had been the one to push Nessie towards a relationship with Gavin. She told herself that somehow, someway she would help Nessie get through this disappointment. 
Even though she was devastated, Nessie refused to believe Gavin had purposefully not shown. She would worry until she was sure he was safe. Fighting fatigue, she stayed awake, hoping to receive a call from him, but he never called. Nessie fell asleep that night crying into her pillow.  

Chapter Thirty-three

Gavin had his reasons for not showing that night or even bothering to call. He had been looking forward to his date with Nessie. He had become so busy and slightly obsessed with his training that his relationship with Nessie had started to suffer. Their date was supposed to be a way for him to make it all up to her; all the times he had canceled and ignored her. It would have been a wonderful night, had Baruff not made a surprising visit with an unexpected guest. An hour earlier, Gavin’s parents and brother had left saying they were running to the store, leaving him alone. He stayed in his room until it was time leave. He planned to arrive early at Nessie’s house, hoping it would give them more time together. Throwing his jacket on, he left his room and hurried downstairs. In his rush, he almost didn't notice the intruders standing casually in the living room.
Baruff was no longer wearing his strange, flamboyant clothing. Instead, he was dressed in rich black clothing and with his long, blond hair tied back at the nape of his neck. He grinned wickedly, showing perfectly straight, white teeth that were once stained and crooked. “Hello, Cadeyrn,” he condescendingly huffed.
Gavin acknowledged Baruff with a curt nod before turning his attention to the third person in the room. The woman would normally have been considered beautiful, but Gavin sensed something menacing about her. She didn't bother to take in her surroundings. She gave her full attention to Gavin. Her green eyes bore into him. He felt like she was inspecting him, looking for some fault. 
Moving pompously around the room, Baruff finally settled into Marcas’s favorite recliner. Sitting with his legs stretched out and hands folded together, he sighed arrogantly, “I warned you about seeing that girl, but you wouldn’t listen so I had to seek a higher power for help.” Pausing, Baruff pointed to the woman. “Cadeyrn, meet your mother, Anwen.”
Gavin felt he should have been shocked to finally be meeting this woman, but now, face-to-face with her, he only felt bleakness. Gavin examined the feminine stranger more closely. He considered everything about her. She was dressed in a long, deep green dress with a black velvet cape covering her shoulders. She wore a dazzling gold necklace with matching earrings. She appeared to be no taller than Gavin’s Aunt Ina, who only stood five foot two, yet this woman held herself erect, with her chin tilted in the air. Gavin knew this was how she intimidated others. He refused to cower before her. 
Gavin watched as the petite woman moved aimlessly around the room. She ran her hands along the back of the green plaid couch, keeping her attention centered on him. Speaking softly for the first time, she said, “It’s been too long, Cadeyrn. I have missed you deeply.”
Outrage boiled inside him and poured forth as he spat, “If you missed me so much then why is this the first time I’ve met you?”
Leaning a hip against the couch, she crossed her arms as an annoyed look flashed over her delicate features. Anwen diverted her gaze over her shoulder to Baruff. “I see what you mean now, Baruff, when you said he was quick-tempered.” 
Gavin didn't appreciate her side comment, but refused to contradict what Baruff had said about him. Moving around the room again, Anwen’s attention focused on his family’s belongings. She picked up one of the family photos and inspected it closely. She took her time investigating the books on the coffee table. Gavin simply watched the woman conduct her exploration. He wondered if she was searching for something or simply being nosey. 
Studying an old vase on the fireplace mantle, she lightly ran her long fingers down the painted clay jar. “Baruff traveled to Fealend to find me. I happened to be in Luden at that time and it, unfortunately, took him some time to track me down or else we would have been here sooner,” she explained, breaking the silence.
Stuffing his hands into his pockets and doing his best to look bored, Gavin asked, “Why are you here?”
Standing quickly, Baruff shuffled his feet and cleared his throat. He knew Baruff wanted to answer for her.
Anwen ignored Baruff and sighed heavily. “We are here because Baruff informed me of some dreadful news. He said you were making great improvements with your training, which I was very pleased to hear, but he also told me about a particular girl you have shown interest in.”
His patience wearing thin and a headache forming behind his eyes, the last thing Gavin wanted to do was discuss Nessie. He didn't care about either of their opinions. He wasn’t going to give her up. “There’s nothing you can say that will make me stop seeing her,” Gavin said. He checked the time on his cell phone and realized he was already running late. “I have to go. We’ll discuss this later,” he declared as he moved to leave. 
Anwen shook her head, calmly replying. “I’m sorry, Cadeyrn, but we will discuss this now. Where ever you think you need to be to be will just have to wait.”
Gavin refused to acknowledge her words. He continued on his path towards the front door. If Gavin had bothered to turn around, he would have seen Anwen give Baruff a silent command. Baruff rushed forward, blocking the door and gripped Gavin by the arm. He whispered in Gavin’s ear, “Don't forget to breathe!"

Gavin wasn’t sure he would ever get used to the nauseating feeling that came with traveling between the realms. He found himself standing in the middle of a dimly lit room. The only source of light came from the flames within the fireplace. The faint glow splashed across rich burgundy walls and beige curtains covering the massive windows. The sky outside was a deep blue, hinting at the coming night. The furniture in the room looked vintage and uncomfortable. 
Anwen drew Gavin’s attention away from his inspection. “Welcome to my home, Cadeyrn. Please make yourself comfortable,” she shared as she gestured towards the elegant, high backed chairs positioned in front of the fireplace. Urgency pumped through Gavin’s body as his thoughts turned back to Nessie. He was extremely late in picking her up, but there was little he could do while he was stuck in another realm. He thought his best course of action would be to play along in the hopes that he would be able to leave quickly. 
With everyone finally seated, Anwen spoke once again, “This issue about the girl is very troubling, but I realize you couldn’t know the truth since you have not been properly instructed. Baruff was under orders to only train you, not inform you of your past. I didn't want you to be frightened. I must confess this is not how I wanted our first meeting to go.” She paused for several moments as she stared into the fire, collecting her thoughts.
Tilting her head, Anwen shifted her focus to Gavin. “I suppose I should start from the beginning, which means going back to even before I was born. I’m assuming Baruff has educated you about a wizard by the name of Gornon?” She waited to see Gavin’s nod before continuing. “Gornon lived many centuries ago, but he has a connection to you. Something not many people know about Gornon is that he had an illegitimate daughter with a chambermaid employed in his home. As it would happen, his daughter had children of her own and they in turn, their own children, all leading down to the Bowen, my late husband. It is from this line that you descend. Now something that is well known about Gornon is that he was a very powerful wizard, one of the greatest. He accomplished feats that had never been done before. There has never been another wizard that could match his strength or power,” she paused, sharing a contemptuous smile, “that is, until you.”
Doubt warred with shock, as Gavin remained silent, letting Anwen’s announcement settle in. “You see, Gavin,” Anwen continued, “Gornon was, shall we say, a visionary. He was ruthless in his goal of unity for all the realms. He was able to conquer his home realm, Rognic before turning his attention to Fealend. In a matter of six months, he brought Fealend to its knees. He defeated every army that marched against him. He broke every opposition that sounded their disapproval. He sought complete control and he was close to accomplishing it. After conquering Fealend, he was preparing to move against Gwendor.”
Holding up a hand in confusion, Gavin interrupted her, asking, “Why didn't he try to conquer Luden or Belsure first?”
Seeing the rationalization in his thinking, Anwen replied, “That’s a very good question, Cadeyrn. Luden and Belsure are both homes to very powerful creatures. Gornon was working to build a massive army before he moved into these two realms. Although, ironically, it was the elves from Luden that eventually defeated Gornon. The elves were once an extremely powerful group. Over time, their numbers have dwindled and they have disappeared into seclusion. The dwarfs are now the dominant beings in Luden.”
With a small chuckle, Anwen shifted in her seat. “The dwarfs are a stubborn lot, but also some of the richest. They have been mining for gold and jewels in the Solistic Mountains for centuries,” Anwen said offhandedly. 
Finding the history lesson immensely boring, Gavin fought the urge to roll his eyes. Instead he asked, “What does all this have to do with me?”
Anwen sensed her guest was losing his patience. “It has everything to do with you,” she replied. “In your previous life, you had many ambitious goals. On your twentieth birthday, you swore you would accomplish the dream your great ancestor failed to see through. You had all the power to achieve this dream, but you made a fatal mistake. You trusted the wrong person. I had warned you, but you didn't listen. Luckily for you though, I am also a gifted witch. I used a spell for reincarnation that would ensure your continuous existence. Baruff and I have waited decades for the fates to determine your return.” Anwen stood and moved to kneel beside Gavin’s chair. In an effort to show some motherly love, she laid her soft hand upon his arm. “We have missed you during your absence, but now you’re home. We can be a family again. Your powers will soon start to display themselves. With the proper training, you will once again have the opportunity to fulfill Gornon’s dream.”
There it was. The reason Gavin had been waiting for since he first met Baruff. All his training, constant confusion and frustration had been for a suicidal dream of some wizard who died long ago. The dreadful news caused Gavin’s body to stiffen in anger. “You want me to conquer the realms?” he asked disgusted. 
Standing quickly, irritation flashing in her eyes, Anwen said, “I don’t want you to do anything. It was your dream to follow in Gornon’s steps. All I ever tried to do was assist you in your dream, but you often refused to accept my help and that is why you failed. You were a fool, but I refuse to let you make the same mistakes this time.” Sensing Anwen found the topic upsetting, Gavin tried pushing her further to reveal more about her true intentions. “What exactly was it that you failed to save me from?”
Rage caused Anwen’s features to twist into an ugly picture. She shouted, “I didn't fail, boy! I did all in my power to keep you from making stupid errors. You threw away our dream for some pitiful amusement. We were so close to conquering Fealend. Everything was going perfectly,” her words poured from her mouth unchecked, “but then you had to ruin it for me.”
Seeing through her lies, Gavin knew Anwen was the true mastermind behind the attempt to unite the realms under one ruler. Any thoughts that she might actually care for him fled from his mind in that moment. He was nothing more than the tool she used to get what she wanted. He had been a fool to think Baruff was his biggest threat.
Behind him, Gavin heard Baruff clear his throat. Anwen instantly realized she had revealed too much. She looked around the room as she tried to gain control over her anger and compose her thoughts. She ran her hands nervously down the side of her green dress. “As I was saying, you wanted to see all the realms joined together and as your mother, I made it my mission also. I only wanted to see you succeed. I care deeply for you. I have waited so long for you to return,” she said softly.
“That may have been my dream then, but it is no longer. I will make no attempt to unite the realms,” Gavin boldly announced, doing his best to appear calm and in control.
Her anger returned quickly. “How dare you!” she shrieked, stomping a foot against the wooden floor. “Of course you will!”
Shaking his head in denial, Gavin said, “No, Anwen, I won’t. And I believe this meeting is now over.” He stood, turning to Baruff. “Baruff, please return me home.”
Baruff didn't answer. He looked to Anwen for guidance. In a quiet, chilling voice, Anwen said, “Cadeyrn, I just realized you haven’t asked how it is you died. I think perhaps it is time you know. Sit down.” Gavin turned to face her, refusing to obey her command. 
“The girl you are seeing, what is her name?” she asked. 
Her icy glare caused shivers to crawl up his back. “What does that matter?” he asked.
“Oh it doesn’t matter what her name is now.” Anwen paused as she drew out her explanation, walking a path in front of the fireplace. Her every action displayed her smugness. “Her name used to be Jenny. If you recall from your dream, you were shown certain events of your conquer over the city of Wolfshire. I can’t blame you for wanting to celebrate, but you chose the wrong chambermaid to dally around with. I sensed she was dangerous, but you refused to let her out of your sight. It was her that put the poison in your drink that night. Baruff found you slumped over in your chair. I was only successful with the reincarnation spell because your heart was still barely beating. It would not have worked had you been dead.”
Gavin was stunned. Was it possible? He struggled to accept Anwen’s story, but something in back of his mind told him that she spoke honestly. “If this is true, then how is she present here now? Did you use the spell on her too?”
Shaking her head, Anwen smirked, “No, I wouldn’t do that. After you died, she disappeared for several months, but Baruff found her hiding in a farmhouse on the outskirts of Ravenwood. She paid for her offense.”
Gavin collapsed into the chair, as fear and confusion collided inside his mind, causing his headache to pound fiercely out of control. “What do you mean she paid? How is she here if you didn't bring her back?” 
Not even trying to hide the delight in her voice, Anwen replied, “She, of course, died, Cadeyrn. She is here because fate demanded it. Your destiny is intertwined with hers. By having you reincarnated meant that she would likewise have to be. I didn't realize this until Baruff informed me he saw her at the library. He had been there observing your adoptive mother when he ran into the girl.”
Turning to Baruff, Gavin asked, “Why were you watching my mom?”
Anwen answered, “Because I told him to keep watch over your family. I didn't want them interfering with your training.”
For several minutes, Gavin remained silent as he processed the new information. He accepted it as reality, but knew it didn't change the way he felt about Nessie. Still intent on leaving, he said, “I appreciate you telling me, but it doesn’t change my mind. I won’t help you conquer the realms.”
 Anwen’s smile turned evil. “Perhaps, I should clarify something for you, Cadeyrn. Jenny’s life means very little to me. I had her killed once and I will again if I have to. You can’t deny who and what you are.”
Shocked, Gavin asked, “You would kill Nessie just because I refuse to help you?”
An unearthly, terrifying glow surrounded Anwen as the fire flickered behind her.  “Of course. I will do whatever it takes to help you see reason.”
Losing hope and angered beyond anything he had ever felt before, Gavin demanded, “Take me home now.”
“The girl is safe as long as you agree to see through what you once started, Cadeyrn,” Anwen said.
Gavin agreed with a simple nod. He stalked toward Baruff and gripped the older man on the shoulder. He was standing in his living room a second later. Baruff was watching him closely.
“You must stay away from the girl,” Baruff said. “If I see you with her, I will be forced to eliminate her. Do you understand?”
Nodding his head, Gavin left the room. He was upstairs when his family returned home. His mother informed him about the party he had missed. She demanded he call Nessie, but Gavin refused. He didn't give a reason other than saying it was over between him and Nessie. 

Chapter Thirty-four

Nessie arrived early to school the next morning. She spotted Gavin as he walked down the hallway. Relieved to see him, she waved to get his attention. Nessie smiled as he drew closer, but her smile slowly faded as he walked by without acknowledging her. She wasn’t the only one who noticed his spurn. Bonnie was shocked by what she had witnessed. She wanted to question Nessie about it, but one look at her friend, Bonnie knew Nessie was too hurt to talk. 
For the rest of the day, Bonnie stuck by her friend for support. She didn't comment on the fact that Gavin avoided Nessie like the plague. He sat at a different table during lunch and even refused to sit near Nessie during class. After school, Bonnie questioned Reid about Gavin’s unusual behavior. It seemed no one knew what had caused Gavin’s attitude to change and he wasn’t talking.
By the end of the week, Nessie had a hard time staying awake in class. Heartbroken, Nessie cried every night while sleep eluded her.

Gavin saw the toll his rejection had taken on Nessie. He watched her closely when he was certain no one would notice. The dark circles under her eyes indicted she hadn’t been sleeping. He desperately wanted to hold her and tell her everything was going to fine, but he knew he couldn’t. He had to remind himself that keeping his distance was the only way to protect her. 

His training had started once again and this time, Anwen insisted on attending with the excuse she wanted to help. Even though his birthday had come and gone, Gavin kept his powers a secret from Anwen and Baruff. In doing so, he hoped to prolong the inevitable. 
It was after a particularly long training session one evening that Gavin’s life was forced to change forever. Having met at the abandoned house, Gavin endured a four-hour training session during which he was forced to watch Anwen display her powers while she demonstrated the different usages of magic. He had made it halfway down the street before realizing he left his phone behind. Upon returning, he found Anwen and Baruff still in the backyard. He could hear Anwen speaking in hushed, angry tones. Staying quiet, he crept closer, hoping to hear what they were saying.
Anwen’s movements were quick and forced. She appeared uncomfortable with the conversation. “You know what needs to be done, Baruff, so do it!”
Baruff attempted to reason with her. “I know, but if the girl is killed, we lose our hold over the boy. We would have no control.”
Anwen shook her head in denial. “She is too dangerous. She killed Cadeyrn once and she could do so again. We mustn’t allow that to happen.”
Gavin could see the struggle play across Baruff’s face. “And what if he turns against us?”
“He won’t. I am his mother. He will do as I say.” Uncertainty rang clear in Anwen’s voice, proving her words false.
“Even though you are his mother, there is still the chance he could go rouge. He is not the same Cadeyrn we remember,” Baruff insisted. “Couldn’t his family be used against him instead?”
“We can’t touch his family.” Anwen said. “Their deaths would lead to too much suspicion. We must keep a low profile until Cadeyrn acquires his powers. Should anyone from the realms suspect our plans, we are doomed. We must keep this quiet until his powers have developed.”
“If we are trying to keep a low profile, why would we kill the girl?” Baruff asked.
“It’s as I said, we don’t have a choice. She is too dangerous. Just as it is Cadeyrn’s destiny to unite the realms; it is her destiny to stop him. It is our job to thwart her from accomplishing her fate. You will see to this task tonight.” The sound of her voice hinted he shouldn’t argue.
Baruff’s answer was a soft whisper, but Gavin was still able to hear it. “I’ll see to it tonight,” he said before striding away. Gavin hid in the tall bushes as Baruff passed by. He didn't need to think about his next move. He ran quickly back to his car and raced to Nessie’s house, hoping to beat Baruff there. When he arrived, he was relieved to find Nessie’s old Cadillac was the only vehicle in the driveway. It took Gavin three minutes of knocking on the front door before Nessie finally answered. Not allowing her a chance to speak, he rushed in, pulling her behind him as they climbed the stairs to her room. 
Panic caused his thoughts to scatter. Tripping over his words, he fervently said, “Nessie, we don’t have a lot of time. I…I have to get you out of here.” 
Nessie pulled away from Gavin’s grasp before he could drag her into her bedroom. “What are you talking about? I’m not going anywhere with you. I want you to leave.” Gavin hadn’t given it a lot of thought, but he had assumed Nessie would be happy to see him. He was terribly wrong on that fact. She appeared displeased and annoyed by his unannounced arrival. She demanded he leave without even wanting to hear him out. In her anger, she pointed down the stairs to reinforce her command.
Frantic, Gavin gripped her hand, forcing her to follow once again. He released her hand after closing the door to her bedroom. He moved quickly to stand by the window, watching the street. “Look, Nessie, I’m sorry. I know the way I treated you was wrong, but I was trying to protect you. Grab whatever you need. We have to leave now!”

Nessie wasn’t sure what Gavin was talking about. She was confused and beyond tired. She was exhausted. The simple act of trying to think made her head pound. Watching Gavin closely, her anger flickered for a brief moment. He was clearly shaken, but she didn't know why. Hesitantly, she asked, “What is going on, Gavin?”
With a wave of his hand, he dismissed her question, only saying, “We don’t have time for me to explain. Please just get your things.” 
Assuming Gavin was playing a twisted joke, Nessie’s anger returned in complete force. She stormed toward him, intent on making him leave, even if she had to drag him back downstairs. She grabbed him by his forearm and tried to pull him behind her out of the room. Gavin didn't budge. He stood stone still looking out on the street below. His face took on a sickening grey color as he whispered, “It’s too late. He’s here.”
Confusion clouded her thoughts. “What do you mean? Who’s here?” She peered out the window at the coming dusk. Shock and fear registered on her face when she recognized the man calmly walking up the pathway to her front door. Nessie turned to Gavin and asked, “You know that man?”
Without taking his eyes from the approaching danger, Gavin murmured, “His name is Baruff.”
Her gaze bounced wearily between Gavin and the window. Nessie badly needed to understand what was happening and if Gavin didn’t explain quickly, she was certain she would lose control. “I’ve seen him before,” she confessed. “What is he doing here?”
Finally giving her his full attention, Gavin stared deeply into Nessie’s hazel eyes, knowing he was out of time. It would be only a matter of minutes before Baruff found them. He was desperate and knew he had to save Nessie somehow.
His silence caused Nessie to panic. Pointing out the window, she asked again more sternly, “Gavin, what is that man doing here?”
Again ignoring her question, he started issuing commands. “Grab your jacket. Put your shoes on.”
When Nessie tried to argue, he snatched her jacket from the chair and flung it over her shoulders. He picked up her sneakers in one hand and then seized Nessie into a tight hug. She started to struggle, but stopped when he softly whispered in her ear, “I haven’t done this before. Whatever you do, don’t let go of me.”

Nessie didn't have a chance to respond. She felt herself slip away from the bedroom. Colors blurred all around her, causing her to feel lightheaded. She closed her eyes, burying her face in Gavin’s shoulder and waited for the feeling to pass. 

Gavin was filled with relief the second their feet touched solid ground. It was the first time he had shifted between the realms on his own. He hadn’t been sure he could even do it, but knew it was his only option to save Nessie. For several minutes, the two stood in the center of a harvested wheat field, clinging to each other. Gavin didn't want to move. He was content just holding Nessie again.

Nessie wasn’t feeling as calm as Gavin. She focused on taking several deep breaths to help ease the nausea that was plaguing her. She finally raised her head and looked around. As she pulled away from him, Gavin saw the shock on her face. She opened her mouth as if to scream, but only a small squeak escaped her lips. 
Gavin immediately attempted to ease Nessie’s fear. “Nessie, it’s going to be okay. I had to get you out of your house. You are safe now,” he said.
“How…how’d you do that?” She demanded as she slowly backed away from him.
Sensing how close Nessie was to becoming hysterical, Gavin took a small step toward her, but only caused the gap between them to grow. She hurriedly retreated several more feet from him. “Nessie, I will explain everything. Please just calm down.”
Losing her sanity and control, Nessie yelled, “Calm down! Don’t tell me to calm down, Gavin!” She looked nervously around her, trying to make sense of how she ended up in a field. With her teeth clinched together, she stressed each word she spoke next, “What did you do?”
For the next twenty minutes, Gavin described his initial meeting with Baruff, his lessons, training sessions and even the first time he had discovered his powers. He told Nessie about the meeting with Anwen and explained why he missed his birthday party. He hesitated to tell her about the danger she was in, but realized she had a right to know. He also knew that she wouldn’t take it well. 
And she didn't. “He’s trying to kill me?” She cried. 
Gavin nodded slowly. He watched her closely, trying to figure out how she was handling the truth. 
A crazed look covered Nessie’s face, filling her eyes with tears. “This is not possible. Magic doesn’t exist. You aren’t a wizard,” she argued.
Gavin indicted their surroundings, stretching his arms wide. “How do you explain this?”
Small shivers ran throughout Nessie’s body, either from the shock or the fear, she didn't know. “It’s just not possible,” she muttered. She looked around frantically. “It’s not possible,” she whispered to herself.  
Determined to help her accept this new reality, Gavin used his powers to raise a rock off the ground and float several feet in front of Nessie. He didn't think she could be anymore distraught, but he watched in amazement as her eyes focused on the rock and then crossed as the hysteria overtook her. This time, Nessie did scream. 
Now forgotten, the rock dropped to the ground as Gavin moved quickly to end Nessie’s strangled cries. Holding a hand gently over her mouth, Gavin whispered, “Nessie, please be quiet. Don’t scream. I know this is a lot to handle, but you have to try. As long as you are with me, you’re safe. I promise I will take care of you.” He watched her closely. His expression full of pity and regret. He glanced up, surveying their surroundings for the first time. “For now, we better get moving.” 
Nessie struggled to comprehend what Gavin was saying. She blamed Gavin for her confusion, her fear and whatever danger she now faced. She tore his hand from her face, stepping out of his reach. “This is all your fault!” she cried. “You got me into this. How could you do this?” Angry tears started to well up in her eyes. She felt betrayed and foolish. “Answer me,” she choked out.
“I am sorry, but I didn't mean for you to get involved. I only wanted…” Gavin’s words trailed off. He didn't know what else he could tell her. He didn't have an answer that would make her feel any better. 
Gavin’s silence allowed the gravity of the situation to sink in. Looking around slowly, Nessie could see birds flying above the trees in the distance, dipping in and out of the canopy. She heard the wind rustle through the wheat stalks left standing in the field after harvest. Even though her senses had never failed her, Nessie still struggled to accept this new reality. “Where are we? What happens now?” she asked. 
Relieved she didn't push him further for an explanation, Gavin answered, “I brought us to the realm of Fealend. We have to move away from here. We need someplace to hide for a bit so I can figure things out.”
 Unsure if she could contain her anger, Nessie simply nodded. She didn't trust herself to speak anymore. She accepted her shoes that Gavin held out for her. She hadn’t even noticed her feet were only covered by the soft socks she wore around the house. As she slipped the sneakers on, her mind raced with thoughts of her family, of Bonnie, school and even her future. She worried about her family. She pondered what Bonnie would do without her. She wondered if she even had a future any longer. Hesitantly, Gavin reached out to take her hand, but she refused the contact. They exited the field and started down an overgrown, dirt road. The sky was overcast, but the moon shined through the quick moving clouds. A light fog had descended over the ground and stirred around their feet as they walked. For most people, they would have found the surroundings to be eerie and unsettling, but Gavin and Nessie were too lost in their thoughts to take notice. With all the evidence in front of her, Nessie could not deny the existence of magic. She was in a new world, facing new dangers that she had yet to even identify. Her only connection to her life in Foxland, Maine was the man walking next to her. Only a few months ago, she believed she loved Gavin, but now, she felt like she had never truly known him. He was a mystery…a mystery with magical powers. Trusting Gavin now would be hard, but Nessie knew she had little choice in the matter. As long as the strange man named Baruff was hunting her, it would not be safe for her to return home. 

The silence did little to help improve Gavin’s mood. Guilt consumed him. For the hundredth time since arriving in Fealend, Gavin wished he had never gotten involved with Nessie. Never opened up to her about his dream, never taken her to the Winter Dance, never asked her to be his girlfriend and never fallen in love with her. If he hadn’t, then she would not be running for her life now. She would be safe in her home, ignorant of magic and the existence of other realms. 
Anwen expected him to take on the challenge of uniting the five worlds, which would mean ruthlessly destroying civilizations and the murder of thousands. In his past life, this challenge might have appealed to him, but now, he didn't have the desire to rule. His only desire was to keep Nessie alive and he would do that no matter the cost.

The dirt road they followed led to the mouth of a large, gloomy forest. The only sound was the crunch of their shoes on the packed dirt as they walked. Gavin and Nessie entered the trees, shrouded suddenly in the darkness. Too distract by their worries and uncertain futures, neither noticed the tall figure hidden in the tree line, watching them.

Epilogue

It wasn’t an easy task for Baruff to inform Anwen about Gavin’s disappearance. He found her in her home in Fealend. Nothing could have prepared him for her anger. She used her magic unchecked. She destroyed much of the furniture, before turning against him. He considered himself lucky that the worst he received was a broken nose. 
The pain didn't hurt as much as her comments did. “I always knew you were worthless. I shouldn’t have trusted you with something of this importance. I have to take care of everything,” she ranted before leaving Baruff alone and bleeding. Baruff hoped she was able to find Gavin and the girl quickly. It wouldn’t bode well for anyone if Anwen were forced to search long. Gavin would have to learn that disappointing Anwen was never a good idea. 
The young wizard had little choice in the direction his life would go. Anwen would see to it that the girl couldn’t interfere with her plans a second time. They stood little chance on their own. It was only a matter of time before Anwen would find Gavin and his girl. 

To Be Continued… 

###

Thank you for reading Book One of the Forfeiting Destiny Series. Please look for Book Two by Sadie Davis coming soon.
Coming Fall 2019
Forfeiting Destiny Series Book Two

Visit the author online at:
Twitter: https://twitter.com/_sadie_davis 
Goodreads: https://www.goodreads.com/user/show/45294443-sadie-davis 
